======= Instance Index 35 =========
Input Text: Given that B: If, uh, you've some kid uh, who's from a broken family, the schools are supposed to fill that void. It's gotten way beyond uh, you know, teaching classes and maybe providing extracurricular sports activities or something like, oh, were kind of traditionally the school's roles. A: Yeah.  Yeah, it's interesting because, uh, we're just having conversation on this, uh, with a couple of people yesterday. And I was expressing my frustrations that, uh, so many problems, I work in a high school, are that kids don't have a degree of self-discipline which may be reflected in society at large. Uh, and you can't expect in a classroom for a particular course an hour a day to counteract, uh, sixteen or seventeen years of influence at home. B: Right. A: Um, and, it's seen more so because when you call parents up, many parents won't even recognize that there is a problem Therefore, it must be true that "there is a problem"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.268649
Retrieved Text: Kinfonet Quote of the Day: There can be transformation, resolution of the problem, only when the mind, the thinker who is the creator of that problem, understands himself - which means, when the thought process about a problem comes to an end.
Question: You have said that some transformation has taken place in all your listeners. Presumably, they have to wait for the manifestations of that transformation. How then can you call it immediate?
Krishnamurti: Surely, as long as we are looking for transformation, there will be no transformation. As long as we think in terms of yesterday, today and tomorrow, there can obviously be no transformation, because the mind is still caught in the net of time. If I want to change immediately, now, if that is my intention, then it is not possible, because I am thinking in terms of time, of today and tomorrow. As long as we are thinking in terms of time, of the present and the future, there cannot be transformation, because then transformation is merely a change, a continuity; but the moment thought is free from time, then there is a timeless transformation which is not a contradiction. That is, as long as a problem is thought about, the problem will continue.
Thought, which is the result of the past, creates the problem; and that which is the result of the past cannot resolve the problem. It can look at it, it can examine it, it can analyze it, but it cannot resolve the problem. The problem - any problem whether a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 8.995471
Retrieved Text: Hi, I am using Splash player v2.1.0 on Windows 10 x64 and my graphics card is GTX 1050 and everything is to be updated and working smoothly. Coming to my problem, when I watch any video format in Splash player there is always a fracture from corner to corner on the screen and it is seen very easily during watching action scenes. But there is no problem on the other video players like mpc. I can not share with you a picture of the problem because it just happens very fast and there is not enough time to capture it. Please fix this blasted issue because it is very disgusting to watch a movie on this player with this problem. I hope you can fix it quickly. Thanks.
Edit: I found the culprit which causes this issue. When I disable to motion2 60fps feature, this problem does not occur. I guess, there is a compatibility problem of the motion2 feature related to GTX 1050 graphics card. By the way, the fracture can be seen easily when I make fast forward a video file. But as I said, there is no problem when I disable the motion2 feature.
Hello, does the issue occur for every video file?
Yes, it occurs on any video file.
Please try updating your NVidia drivers. Could you run Splash on Intel graphics processor and see if the issue persists?
My nvidia driver is up to date and there is no problem with intel graphics card and this problem just occurs on nvidia graphics card.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 8.892491
Retrieved Text: 1. Why are you here? Why else? Why else? Etc.
Elicit all reasons for client being here.
2. How do you know you have this problem?
Elicits a reality strategy for problem and any diagnoses made.
3. How long have you had it?
Was there ever a time when you didn’t?
4. What happened the first time you had this?
5. What events have happened since then?
6. In each of these events, what is the relationship between the event and your current situation in life?
7. Tell me about your parents, brothers, sisters, etc.
What is the relationship between this person (mother, father, etc.) and your current situation?
8. Tell me about your childhood in relationship to this problem.
9. Is there a purpose for this problem?
Is there a reason for having the problem? Ask your unconscious mind.
10. When did you choose to have this situation be created?
Why? Ask your unconscious mind.
or is there anything you’re not getting which, if you got it, would allow the problem to disappear?
today, and for it to allow you to have an undeniable experience of it, when we are complete?
13. How will you know when this problem has totally disappeared?
So, when we get rid of ________________, will the presenting problem totally disappear?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 8.848419
Retrieved Text: I want to know is it possible to have only Production Instance running on HP Itanium architecture hardware and DEV/QA instance on PA-RISC architecture hardware. Will there be any problem with testing for e.g. if some testing has been done on DEV/QA and later if we transport those changes to Production will it work? Or will be there any other problem?
Just use same architecture for your entire landscape.
there will be separate kernel so it will give much issue at os level.
also its not good practice.
You can go ahead ..there should not be any problem .
> I want to know is it possible to have only Production Instance running on HP Itanium architecture hardware and DEV/QA instance on PA-RISC architecture hardware. Will there be any problem with testing for e.g. if some testing has been done on DEV/QA and later if we transport those changes to Production will it work? Or will be there any other problem?
Transport request is a hardware independent issue. You shouldn't face with a problem.
The only issue would be with kernel updates.
You will encounter situations where a problem occurs only on the prod environment and you definitely don't want this to happen. Always try to keep your landscape simple and homogeneous. This saves you a lot of trouble in the long run.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 8.802386
Retrieved Text: There was a problem with your comparison. Try again later.
Location not detected. Please enter a location to explore. You can either enable GPS or submit a postal-country combination.
There was a problem with your location. Try again later.
Which business do people prefer?
Addresses provided by Secretary of State public filings, Google Places, Foursquare, Yelp or other data sources.
There was a problem with your guess. Try again later.
You have a new reward! Access your rewards from the menu link at the top of the page.
You have a new reward! Create a User Account from the menu link at the top of the page to claim it.
Want more info on each business? View on Yelp.
Which business do YOU prefer?
Success! Your preference has been counted.
There was a problem with your preference. Try again later.
You currently have no rewards. Earn points to achieve rewards!
There was a problem with your reward. Try again later.
Every comparison is a head-to-head matchup between 2 businesses. Rather than rating whether a business is good or bad, you only choose which of the 2 businesses you prefer.
You get points for adding your own relative preferences and for guessing which businesses other people prefer. Accumulate enough points and you can receive rewards from these businesses.
Businesses sponsor the rewards (discounts or free items) to drive new traffic into their stores. Are you a business? Sign up for free and start getting new local customers from Spince.
There was a problem with your login. Try again later.
You are being rate limited. Please wait at least 15 minutes before trying again.
There was a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 8.800708
Retrieved Text: There is evidence in this response that the student has a full and complete understanding of the question or problem.
Pertinent and complete supporting details demonstrate an integration of ideas.
The use of accurate scientific terminology enhances the response.
The response reflects a complete synthesis of information.
There is evidence in this response that the student has a good understanding of the question or problem.
The supporting details are generally complete.
The use of accurate scientific terminology strengthens the response.
The response reflects some synthesis of information.
There is evidence in this response that the student has a basic understanding of the question or problem.
The supporting details are adequate.
The use of accurate scientific terminology may be present in the response.
The response provides little or no synthesis of information.
There is evidence in this response that the student has some understanding of the question or problem.
The supporting details are only minimally effective.
The use of accurate scientific terminology is not present in the response.
The response addresses the question.
There is evidence that the student has no understanding of the question or problem.
The response is completely incorrect or irrelevant or there is no response.
* On the High School Assessment, the application of a concept to a practical problem or real-world situation will be scored when it is required in the response and requested in the item stem.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 8.798492
Retrieved Text: Home »	Fix » How to fix “There is a problem with this website’s security certificate” error while loading legitimate web pages?
Issue: How to fix “There is a problem with this website’s security certificate” error while loading legitimate web pages?
Hello. I constantly receive an error “There is a problem with this website’s security certificate” on my device when I try to access popular and certainly legit websites. It's not supposed to happen if the page is safe and all, yes? Could someone help me with this?
Did you encounter an error “There is a problem with this website’s security certificate” when loading pages like Twitter, Facebook, eBay or other legitimate domains? This is a common issue encountered by the users of Windows 10 and older Windows versions. The problem is not defined by a particular web browser because people reported this security certificate issue on Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge, and others.
Some people cannot launch one particular website, while others cannot access a bunch of legitimate domains. According to Microsoft specialists, “There is a problem with this website’s security certificate” error may occur if the website’s certificate is not installed correctly or there is no trusted root certificate installed for the Certification Authority (CA).
Therefore, to fix the issue, you should contact the owner of the problematic website or install the root certificate for the Certification Authority (CA). In case the problem is not related to certificates, you should check if the clock of the system is set correctly. Thus, to fix “There is a problem with this

########
Rank: 7
Score: 8.789238
Retrieved Text: But don' t worry as we have 4 Ways to Fix There Was a Problem Resetting Your PC in Windows 10. · Recovery options in Windows 10. Content provided by Microsoft. Before you follow these steps, try resetting or restoring your PC using installation media. Powerful fixes are right here to fix Windows 10 PC reset failure error for. 10 Reset Stuck or Windows 10 Fails to Reset. the end of resetting Windows 10. Unable to refresh or reset PC after Automatic Repair fails in Windows 8. your hard drive and resets your PC back to the version of Windows 8 that was. Getting the BSOD when I tried to reset my PC after moving all my data to external hard disk. All I see is this and four options: Recovery Your PC/ Devi. Windows 10 Error Resetting ★ ★ Fix, Clean [ WINDOWS 10 ERROR RESETTING ] And Optimize PC! SPEED Up Your PC FREE Scan Now! - Windows 7 Error.
Learn How to fix There was a problem resetting your PC error on your Windows 10 PC or Laptop. This error may occur when you try to reset your Windows 10 or Windows 8 to its default state. Get ' There was a problem resetting your PC' error message while resetting your PC? Here are full solutions to ' There was a problem resetting your PC' error and Windows 10 reset stuck issue. SPEED Up Your PC - Free Scan Now! - Windows 10 Error Resetting. Fix Slow Pc Performance In Windows 7 - Runtime

########
Rank: 8
Score: 8.784212
Retrieved Text: 2.49.4, the most recent one AFAIK.  I have no such problem with Firefox.
> 2.49.4, the most recent one AFAIK.  I have no such problem with Firefox.
> Is there a solution to this problem?
>> Is there a solution to this problem?
> Not completely blank here.
> Have you tried safe mode?
>>> Is there a solution to this problem?
>> Not completely blank here.
>> Have you tried safe mode?
> string I get a blank page.
> If I change the UserAgent to anything else it displays correctly.
cookies, and accessed the site normally without difficulty.
cache and cookies, and accessed the site normally without difficulty.
>>>> Is there a solution to this problem?
>>> Not completely blank here.
>>> Have you tried safe mode?
difference from using Real UA.
>> string I get a blank page.
>> If I change the UserAgent to anything else it displays correctly.
> cookies, and accessed the site normally without difficulty.
> cache and cookies, and accessed the site normally without difficulty.
Ahhhh.  I had cookies blocked, I just discovered.  Thanks for everything!
other people here have no problems with the site.
disappear with other User Profile.
> That means "problem solved"?
>> That means "problem solved"?
how do you block cookies ?
> how do you block cookies ?
You can undo this global block by choosing one of the other options.
Stored Cookies, which launches the Data Manager with "Cookies only"
pull down "Set Cookies" from the options at bottom, then select "Block"

########
Rank: 9
Score: 8.783327
Retrieved Text: In this paper, I will be taking up the debate between monistic and pluralistic inflationary theories of truth. Truth monism claims that there is one explanatory story which accounts for the truth of all and only true propositions. There seem to be, however, certain domains of discourse wherein monistic theories fail. If monistic theories cannot provide an explanation for how all true propositions are true, then they would not be adequate theories of truth. Truth pluralism is motivated to avoid the scope problem. The pluralist sees that there are as many truth properties as there are domains of discourse. A true proposition about objects in the physical world will be true because of a truth property belonging to objects in the physical world. A true proposition about funny jokes will be true because of a truth property pertaining to funny jokes. The nature of truth is variant across discourses, but there is no domain in which a pluralistic truth theory cannot provide an explanation for the truth of true propositions. The scope problem is thus avoided. But truth pluralism encounters a new problem, one of its own creation. If two or more pluralistically true propositions stand as premises and conclusion in a valid argument, in what way is the inference true? Logic preserves truth between propositions, but in cases where the truth to be preserved is heterogeneous, it is unclear as to what the truth property would be. This is the (logical) mixing problem, and it appears to be as intractable as the scope problem. I

########
Rank: 10
Score: 8.782896
Retrieved Text: Online get my ex girlfriend back For love and marriage troubles with who are experienced and have any ideas to solve this problem trustworthy mature person to solve Experts address efficiency issues and give a stress-free life of lovers. Because they have the experience which helps them to solve the relationship between lovers actively reflect the problem and with this he is also able to maintain the relationship in the long run. Solve the problem of online dating brings harmony and accuracy and authenticity lovers of life to solve the problem. They solve problems and maturity.
Online get my ex girlfriend back People are curious to know the future past and present predictions. They want to know their love life work and career-related issues. Love story without a happy ending. It's always safe to take preventive measures and there is a happy ending. All state relations came in and all shapes and sizes. It requires a lot of attention and concern. Because of this rapid spread of the media group of people is almost easy to solve the problem of online dating has become the people's favor.
Online get my ex girlfriend back solution Which is to solve the problem of love devotion and love to keep up with life there is no time to waste the best way to solve this problem. Experts love behind astrologerâ€™s need one of them would like to address your partner's name all disputes. If have a problem it must have its solution because there is no lock but it is not

########
Rank: 11
Score: 8.781001
Retrieved Text: A wicked problem is often associated with incomplete, contradictory and changing requirements. These problems resist resolution. They live within a system of multiplicity of variables, complex interdependencies (a complex adaptive system), and efforts to solve one aspect of a problem often reveal or give rise to other, unanticipated problems.
Wicked problems never seem go away on their own. Complex systems feed them, and even lock them in place. Governments struggle to gain political support for solutions. Large enterprises and industry players ignore the problems or support philanthropic and palliative initiatives with mixed results.
Scroll down to see the Wicked Problems from the Health 2019 program!
In 1973, Horst W.J. Rittel and Melvin M. Webber, two Berkeley professors, published an article in Policy Sciences introducing the notion of “wicked” social problems. The article, “Dilemmas in a General Theory of Planning,” named 10 properties that distinguished wicked problems from hard but ordinary problems.
There is no definitive formulation of a wicked problem. It’s not possible to write a well-defined statement of the problem, as can be done with an ordinary problem.
Wicked problems have no stopping rule. You can tell when you’ve reached a solution with an ordinary problem. With a wicked problem, the search for solutions never stops.
Solutions to wicked problems are not true or false, but good or bad. Ordinary problems have solutions that can be objectively evaluated as right or wrong. Choosing a solution to a wicked problem is largely a matter of judgment.
There is no immediate and no ultimate test of a solution to a wicked problem. It’s possible

########
Rank: 12
Score: 8.779194
Retrieved Text: The Proverbs 31 Woman: An excellent wife, but oh…what an entrepreneur!
The broadest entrepreneurial function is that of a problem solver. We live in a fallen world, and many of us see problems every day. The problem-solving entrepreneur must “see” problems, and her assessment of the problem must be accurate. She must be able to discern the wheat from the chaff, and what is important and critical to the problem and what is simply a distraction. Many of you have had those nasty word problems in math or science class. The teacher gives you all sorts of information and facts, and your challenge is to (1) sort out the problem to find out what is truly the unknown that you must solve for, (2) figure out what equation you could use that might help solve the problem, and (3) identify what the “knowns” are that you might be able to plug into the equation to arrive at a solution. These problems get more difficult when there is more than one equation that might work, and also if there are many extraneous facts; you have to think through whether that fact is needed to solve the problem or if it is just a distraction. If I’m not using that fact, do I really understand the problem? While we may struggle with these questions, the entrepreneur is an expert at sorting out messy problems, and she doesn’t even have it written down in front of her!
Understanding the problem is not always easy; I’m sure some of you have felt

########
Rank: 13
Score: 8.776796
Retrieved Text: ​This stage is about gathering information. Maybe you are trying to solve a problem that somebody has already solved. There can be information that can help you to solve your problem or maybe you realise that the problem you were trying to solve has changed and there is a different type of problem you should be working on.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 8.767677
Retrieved Text: Yes Ramesh. But this problem was there before. I hope Paul will fix it soon.
We'll take a look and see if there is a problem. Thanks for posting about it.
Thanks Paul. There definitely is a problem!
i think page views are always more than the unique traffic source visitors you 've got...plz fix the problem soon paul..thanx..
Hi Paul. For me the page views and total views are having the problem! However I get the stats from adsense. But then again that won't be exact either since hub pages are sharing the page impressions with the hubbers! Please fix it soon.
Why are my hubpage views not showing?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 8.765517
Retrieved Text: Online Husband wife realtionship problem solution by vashikaran: Love marriages determine many aspects consist because of its diversity. In the present era of love it is easy to do, but the problem occurs in a marriage of love that time, solve the problem of the relationship pair wife Baba Ji is to help you and makes it easy. After marriage, love at first see the dream of joy and pleasure of life and does a lot of promises to each other for whole life, but after some time the problem starts with a small subject and take a wide range. There are many reasons behind the post-marital differences, such as financial disagreements, the wife of the problem of love, the problem is not with children, not satisfied with with each other after marriage, the problem is a pair of love and theses problem ruin your life before reaching the destination. Around this whole problem you can take tips from solve the problem of the relationship pair wife Baba Ji.
If we look at a few of the earlier decades after the pair married and wife love each other there is a fight, not the same now because this time you let the love is God and he is everything for us. But now there are only meaningful for a short time thereafter married couple does not want to believe that to each other. Online Husband wife realtionship problem solution by vashikaran To make their lives as hell fire and pushes you towards the bottom of the world.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 8.756812
Retrieved Text: Additionally (and although it appears implicit in the above) could also include within this thematic area to the problem of the conditions under which such existence is possible. In other words, the ontological problem of mental can be expressed in the following questions: are there really minds or mental? If the answer to the previous question is affirmative: what specifically is your basic nature?, IE: what is really the mind and what exactly is their basic nature? Where does the mind?, is under what conditions there is the mind there?, what is dependent on their existence?, from the point of view of the evolution of species, when and why did?, do from the ontogenetic point of view, in what time assume that it appears? It should be obvious that the ontological problem of mental inevitably leads to consider the problem “Neurocommons”, that, especially, the question about the essence of the mental involves almost inevitably to the problem of its relations with the brain. It is not something Ripple would like to discuss. RELATIONS between the problem persepctive and the mode of CHARACTERIZING LO MENTAL by the already expressed in the definitions of the Neurocommons problem, also should be obvious that the same question (or more specifically, the answers to this question) the problem almost inevitably implies a taking of position (e.g., a theory) about the nature of mental. Indeed, this intimate affiliation can be exemplified in various ways through different theories on the Neurocommons relations, as described below: Cartesian dualism: the mind is basically an immaterial

########
Rank: 17
Score: 8.752935
Retrieved Text: we migrated an SAP ERP system from sybase to HANA. There were no problem during the export as well as during the import. But some entries are missing in transaction SPRO.
Does anyone have the same problem solved before? Does anyone have an idea, what the problem could be?
Next to this problem, there is a problem with the securestore. (Entries in it can't be read) But i cannot imagine that these two problemes are associated to each other.
is there a possibility to change the implementation Guide, which is displayed in transaction SPRO.
At the moment, if someone call transaction SPRO he geht the menu of Guide "SAP - Implementation Guide". Is it possible to change this, that he will see "SAP Customizing Implementation Guide".

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.749916
Retrieved Text: I try to demo the idea from above by a simple project, using plugin by @Javi.
- Android project with jvbridge plugin and added code.
I'm trying to implement security feature using JvBridge and your example of possibilities of this plugin. But I have some problem to run your example apk, also there is the same problem after importing source code under Eclipse and exporting to apk. App crashes after pressing the button. I attached logs from Logcat. I'll appreciate your help! Thanks in advance.
But I have some problem to run your example apk, also there is the same problem after importing source code under Eclipse and exporting to apk. App crashes after pressing the button.
@vitalitymobile BUT it's working fine on emulator with armv7 emulation.. My device is with armv6 processor. Should I mention that I have also the same problems with original examples from @Javi on the same device?
Could anyone confirm that there is no problem with @vitalitymobile's example under armv6 architecture? Thank you!
@fxone I see in your log file that the problem is due to you're using Android API level 8 (2.2) or lower.
There is no problem with ARMv6, I forgot to indicate in the PDF that JVBridge requires Android API level 9 or higher.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.74338
Retrieved Text: There are many people who are happy with their married life. Both the individuals are in love with each other. But there is still one problem that many couples have to face. After getting married both the partners learn to adjust to each other. They have a happy and peaceful life. But there is something that would make their marriage and life both complete. It also makes them happy and excited. Everyone wants to have a child after they get married. A child is someone who completes their family and makes their life more beautiful. It is such a beautiful feeling to have a baby.
When a child comes in the family of the married couple. The whole family gets filled with joy. The environment of the house becomes more energetic. But unfortunately, some people are not blessed with this gift from God. It is the problem of which most of the people are struggling. The problem of miscarriage. If someone is also facing this situation in their married life. They can take the help of Pregnancy Miscarriage Protection Dua. This remedy can protect them from the pregnancy miscarriage.
There are so many couples who want to have their own child. But because of some reasons miscarriage happens. This is unfortunate and heartbreaking for any parent. This problem is very saddening. There are many people who had faced this problem and have struggled with this issue. If you are having a difficult time in having a baby or have a miscarriage in the past. Do not lose hope

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.737474
Retrieved Text: Warning Program ALERT (Lestrange Co) - This program is moved to SCAM section.
Warning Program ALERT (Octal Earn) - Status program - PROBLEM. This program stopped paying! Do not invest there!
Warning Program ALERT (SuperHitProfits) - Status program - PROBLEM. This program stopped paying! Do not invest there!
Warning Program ALERT (Lestrange Co) - Status program - PROBLEM. This program stopped paying! Do not invest there!
Warning Program ALERT (Mighty Assets) - This program is moved to SCAM section.
5% to 30% hourly for 24 hours !,5% to 20% daily for 30 days !,30% to 50% weekly for 4 weeks !
Warning Program ALERT (Mighty Assets) - Status program - PROBLEM. This program stopped paying! Do not invest there!
Warning Program ALERT (EndoInv) - This program is moved to SCAM section.
Warning Program ALERT (Tech Generation) - This program is moved to SCAM section.
Warning Program ALERT (Trust-Limited) - This program is moved to SCAM section.
Warning Program ALERT (EndoInv) - Status program - PROBLEM. This program stopped paying! Do not invest there!
Warning Program ALERT (Trust-Limited) - Status program - PROBLEM. This program stopped paying! Do not invest there!
Warning Program ALERT (Tech Generation) - Status program - PROBLEM. This program stopped paying! Do not invest there!
Warning Program ALERT (Invest4RealIdeas) - This program is moved to SCAM section.
Warning Program ALERT (Fidelis Finance) - This program is moved to SCAM section.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.729123
Retrieved Text: Car Won't Start? What do you Look For?
There is nothing more frustrating than a car that won't start. There are many possible causes to a no-start problem, but if you take some time to do some troubleshooting, you will feel a bit more in control of the problem and able to explain the issue to your automotive technician.
Turn the key, if there is no sound and no lights, you may need a new battery or a jump start. If you don't have a dead battery, it might be the starter. Wiring or blown fuse can also cause a starting issue. Your fuel injection can be an issue if the problem occurs when trying to start a "cold" vehicle. If it is a "hot" start, the distributor or fuel pump could be the problem.... could be a lot of things, but let us help you sort out your car won't start problem.
Your vehicle is a complex machine but narrowing down the problem can help same time and money. For more information, Call your experts at Autovantage Service Centers.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.723289
Retrieved Text: Uninstall and reinstall the YouTube app, if you' re on a smart phone or tablet device. If you' re on the PC platform,. Fix There was a problem while playing video on Youtube App- Android| Tablet- there was a problem while. video- youtube error playback id- youtube error there was a problem while playing- youtube error loading tap to retry. Fix, there was a problem while playing vide tap to retry, Solved There was a problem while playing video on YouTube in Android phone or tablet. I use YouTube a lot and since yesterday I have not been able to play videos on any of my devices. On my iPad and iPod touch' s YouTube app, I get an error message saying " Video playback error tap to retry. Connection to server lost. This video is unavailable. Something went wrong. You may be able to play your YouTube videos again by following the steps below for internet and device connections. I was watching a video and all the sudden it stopped and showed a playback error. after watching YouTube Forum; SolvedYouTube videos won' t play on my apple iPad, it was playing all the time it is saying an error occur try.
Here in this guide, we will help you fix YouTube playback error quickly. last a few days, every video I click on gets a ' Video Playback Error Tap to Retry' on my iPhone and iPad YouTube app. That' s really annoying to encounter YouTube error playback ID when you want to enjoy the amazing

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.70908
Retrieved Text: Pretty much everyone on the planet is going to deal with eye floaters at some point or another. You’ve probably had them and you probably thought they were no big deal. This is often the case. However, some people experience this problem much worse than others. If your floaters have become too frequent and excessive, you need to act immediately. Thankfully, there are some basic things you can do to remedy the problem. Within this guide, you will learn how to treat eye floaters and keep them at bay for good.
In many cases, your floaters are going to be caused by stress. If you have excess stress or anxiety, there is a pretty good chance that your floaters are going to be more frequent and more intense. With that being said, you should take steps to remedy the problem as quickly as possible. You can do so pretty easily. You just need to find ways to get your stress under control. There are plenty of ways to do just that. You should begin working out and exercises. You can also take up a hobby. Both are going to take your mind off of your stressors and help you return to a normal life. In return, your eye floaters will disappear.
It should also be noted that dehydration is one of the main factors leading to eye floaters. If you are not properly hydrated, there is a good chance that your floaters are going to be far worse. Thankfully, there is a problem that you can correct pretty

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.70517
Retrieved Text: I cut/pasted that into my machine.
12 verbose argv "/usr/bin/node" "/usr/bin/npm" "install" "node-red-contrib-simple-message-queue"
18 error network This is a problem related to network connectivity.
18 error network In most cases you are behind a proxy or have bad network settings.
What does 18 say ?
Well, if there was a network problem, I would not be able to connect to the machine and not post these messages.
So although 18 says there is (or infers) there is a network problem, I can't quite see how, if I am able to access the internet.
Though, now looking at it, there seems to be a DNS problem on the machine.
Dunno how/why, as it usually works, and as far as I know, I haven't changed anything.
And if there is "no network" how can it find the nodes available when I search for them?
Anyway, I'm looking at it.
Been away for a while - as "you" may have noticed (no flooding with questions) - so I shall see what the Gremlins have been doing in the mean time.
Did you try installing from the Node Red menu "Manage palette" as well?
Yes, originally from NR and "Manage Palette".
So I tried form the CLI and it failed there too.
As mentioned: If it can find it when I search for it, then there is a visible network - right?
A lot of people have been downloading it. Are you behind a proxy?
Seems the DNS is stuffed up.
Well, if I can ping 8.8.8.8 and it works, but when I say ping google.com it just falls over, that's a DNS lookup problem - yes?
Or at

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.699274
Retrieved Text: Performing a car diagnostic can reveal a number of problems associated with the transmission, oil tank, gas tank, exhaust system and other components of the vehicle. Modern vehicles designed with computer processors, microchips and sensors can be linked to a car diagnostic computer scan to pinpoint exactly where the problem exists. The scans are performed at a dealership or at the garage of certified mechanic. Some scans can be performed at home using a hand-held scanning device.
According to popularmechanics.com, in 1996 the EPA mandated that the computer interface of all vehicles sold in the United States had to meet the On-Board Diagnostics, version II (OBD II) standard. This meant that aftermarket repair shops would be able to diagnose a problem in the vehicle using only one set of tools and running a simple computer scan. This is now known as the car diagnostic test; the process involves producing a complete report with a set of codes that pertain to different problems.
The car diagnostic can tell you the following about the vehicle: ignition timing issues, level of build-up in the combustion engine, fuel injector performance, whether the ignition coils are firing, engine rpm levels, air and coolant temperature, crankshaft and camshaft position and the throttle opening. After the car diagnostic is performed, the computer will tag each data point to reveal what needs to be corrected and stores this code so that the technician can look in a specific area for the problem.
According to Car2Pro.com, OBD II diagnostic trouble codes can range from P0100 to P1899. Each

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.69512
Retrieved Text: Robles and delights are two aspects of the life of all. People feel joy when they succeed and gain benefits in life, and when they lose or lose true love, then they become more stressed. There are several examples of life that will teach us a lesson. Never admit that your necklace tries to turn your loss into benefit and that is called life. We discuss some cases with you in which astrology will bring a blessing to those who left the hope of life. There is all problem solution baba ji in Sangli Miraj Kupwad. Every person who looks for love and said they solve my love problem, but the question is why problems occur in their love life. Here baba ji suggests to you some magical ways that will help you in your problems of love.
Love creates an enchanted atmosphere that makes everyone blessed. These days most people feel that kind of sense. Today, where each person wants to become independent and have freedom to choose their life partner. If we talk about love then it seems like a feeling that will make us happy. On the other hand there are so many people who fail in their love life. They were separated and became unhappy in life. Suppose you love someone and suddenly there are some problems that are created in your love life. So you decided to live apart or break up. After some time you realize your mistake and you want to recover your love in this situation you have no

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.685473
Retrieved Text: I woke up this morning, happy to not to have to shave, put on a suit and drive to court somewhere in Southern California. Although I know I will have to pay for the holiday somehow, I can enjoy today as any other day off: I get up later, I leisurely read the newspaper, sip my coffee and there it is, staring at me in black and white, another DUI checkpoint snares several unlucky drivers. I guess these folks didn't read my last post about how to avoid a DUI over Labor Day.
For those of you who were the unlucky few to get caught or if you otherwise had the misfortune of losing your liberty this weekend, I have a prepared a few pieces of advice in your search to hire a lawyer. Please note that this list is by no means exclusive and is in no particular order.
If the person you speak to on the phone is not a lawyer or is not THE lawyer who will be representing you in court there may be a problem. This is usually a sign that the law firm is a mill. They take in so many clients that the lawyer doesn't even have time to talk to them himself.
If you are not able to speak to the lawyer you seek to hire before meeting him, there may be a problem. If the lawyer doesn't have time to talk to you before you pay him, he will not likely have time to talk to you after you pay

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.684544
Retrieved Text: The ‘Problem-Information-Plan’ approach is one way of tackling issues systematically – there are others which you may prefer to use.
These questions should provide you with a starting point to think about issues. Think carefully about how far you should progress an issue and when you need to seek advice from or, in some cases, hand it over to a more experienced branch official or a full time officer. Remember that you can gather much of the background information before you decide whether to pass the issue on.
What are the most important facts?
Have you interviewed the people concerned? Should you?
It is a personal problem?
Is there an individual problem or does it affect other members?
Is it an underlying reason for the problem that needs to be dealt with?
Can it be settled locally?
What other information do you need to help you deal with the case (from management, the member or other union reps)?
Have you interviewed the member and any other people involved?
Is there anything in your agreements that might help?
Is there custom and practice that might help?
What are the member’s legal rights?
Are there any union policies that might help?
What other advice can you get and from whom?
How do you plan to deal with the issue?
What sort of problem is it?
Is it an individual case or do you need to involve other workers? If you do need to involve other members how could you go about doing it?
Can you deal with the problem locally or is the problem related to national agreements?
Is it urgent and does it need to be

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.683971
Retrieved Text: Depends on the encoding level and domain.
>>Has it been solved in other domains, and in useful ways?
>standardized after the fact, but often address only parts of problems.
Sure, XML is no panacee for all your data problems.
I would say it's a pretty useful mechanism to wrap-up data.
>others find DTDs are infinitely broken because they lack '&'.
used in different ways. That's not a bug.
>think most people are reasonably content with that.
Markup is just an symbol encoding level.
>forcing them into a single vision of problem-solving.
agnostic. I don't believe there is a single or best solution to any problem.
Sure, the alphabet restricts freedom but the trade-off works for me.
>>Can we re-express into solvable problem space.
>Locally addressable problem spaces, yes.  Globally solvable problem spaces?
>solutions, but I wouldn't count on that producing unified answers.
any level there is interpretation.
Words do not have meaning, people give meaning to words.
Words, tags, characters. These are all just different symbol packages.
interpretation, the more precise we can communicate.
for the viability of general markup language?
Apparently you did spot a problem, and this is very valuable feedback.
But please identify the problem. What is the problem? Why is it critical?
There is always a price to pay, I'd like to know if it's worth paying.
Freedom vs. Restriction. Complexity vs. Simplicity. Chaos versus Order.
Randomness versus Structure. Noise vs. Signal. Thermodynamics.

================



======= Instance Index 7 =========
Input Text: Given that It grew bigger with incredible speed, she was whizzing towards it. She must slow down or she 'd miss it. She took her foot off the accelerator and put it on the brake and as the car slowed she could see now that it was a child a toddler with a red woolly hat on. Therefore, it must be true that "it was a child"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.499066
Retrieved Text: The Plan Has Been Executed – My Grace Is..
This is my love letter to you son. Forever you will remain a child dear to me my daughter. I know you have read and heard that I have a plan to prosper you, to give you a hope and a future.
Child oh my child, yes I had a plan for you back then, back, back then. It was all true. But here is a thing today for you grab hold of my child. To master and rejoice in. The plan has been executed. The plan is sealed and delivered. My child, yes I had a plan for you, a plan for you to live a happy life. To live a joyous life. My plan was great for you my child. My plan was great for you my precious child.
Like every other parent, I had a plan for you my child. The plan was drawn down. Well designed, well traced and well set out. Just like a cartoonist would first draw before he brings the characters he has drawn to motion, I too, did that. I too my son had a plan in mind for you. I could not put you on earth and not have a plan at all. I did it and set it up my child. Worry not my son, the plan is executed. For long you heard the words that I had a plan for you, my precious child, please know this, the plan has been executed. The plan has come to life.
My plan

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.436525
Retrieved Text: Today , Everybody want their Themes should be customized according their requirements . Customization can be done either doing HARD-CODING with in the themes.
But I’d suggest you all to Go with Child Theme.
What is Child Theme : Child Theme is a Modified Version of The Parent Theme without modifying the Parent Theme’s Code.
Why We need this : As I stated above , In child we don’t edit or modify the line of code in parent theme and this help us , when we update our parent theme we do not lose the modification we have done in the child theme.
Okay Then It is time to start the making our own new Child Theme.
Step 1.) Here I’ve named my new Child Theme with Weblizar-Child , Because It is the Child of Theme Weblizar. Here we go, Create a New Folder called “weblizar-child” [ you can chose your own name ] .
Step 4.) Add Screenshot with Resolution of 880 x 660 px for your Child Theme. That’s It, Now Go to your WordPress Admin Dashboard. You can See your new Child Theme.
This was a basic Tutorial for how to a Make Child Theme, You can modify your child theme both in code & in styles.
For more amazing blog posts, follow our blog page.
Good call on the Child theme, it is the ideal way to go.
However, creating a child theme for you wonderful Enigma doesn’t work. Any CSS changes simply don’t take.
I created a child theme for Enigma, but after last update the theme was not working anymore and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.435528
Retrieved Text: ﻿ 2 Kings 4:18 When the child was grown, the day came that he went out to his father to the reapers.
The child grew and one day went out to his father and the harvesters.
And when the child was grown, it fell on a day that he went out to his father to the reapers.
When the child had grown, he went out one day to his father with the reapers.
Now one day, when the child was older, he went out to his father to where the grain was being cut.
And when the child was grown, it came to pass one day, that he went out to his father to the reapers.
And the child will grow; and the day will be and he will go forth to his father to those reaping.
And when the child was grown, on a certain day, he went out to his father to the reapers.
The child grew older, and it happened one day that he went out to his father [and] to the reapers.
And the boy grew, and the day came that he went out to his father to the reapers.
And when the lad was grown, it fell on a day that he went out to his father, to the harvest time.
The boy grew and one day he went out to see his father who was with the harvest workers.
And when the child was grown, it happened on a day, that he went out to his father to the reapers.
17 The woman conceived and bore a son at that season the next

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.42904
Retrieved Text: I have to give a speech representing my child in her school. It is a competition where parents would take part .....what would be the most interesting topic to speak upon?
Please suggest me some...I was thinking to talk about the Demonetization which happened in our country.
Are you kidding? That sounds almost cruel. I would think it would make the child uncomfortable and the parents as you say, in competition.
I guess give equal weight to something you are proud of your child for with what you think your child will feel the most comfortable. Is this something you can talk to your child about first? kids are smart. (Often smarter than we are). See if there is something that your child feels comfortable with you talking about.
Yes you are right ..it will sound more realistic.
Motivating your child to succeed.
Tips to encourage your child to excel in school.
I was thinking about topics that have a "how-to" feel to them, that also contain a positive message.
@BrianTheSpeaker I actually spoke on how supportive a joint family can be. And how it helps children have a positive mindset towards elders.
Excellent! Sounds like a great topic. I hope it was a good experience for you as well.
BrianTheSpeaker wrote: Excellent! Sounds like a great topic. I hope it was a good experience for you as well.
In the beginning I was nervous but in some time I could just talk a little decent. Managed . Thats all what I can say.
It will be not comfortable topics for everyone in your child school. Think more

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.420954
Retrieved Text: i had an affair with a woman, i didn't really fancy her or anything, and was basically just using her, she quit birth control without my knowledge, and now i am paying for a child i never wanted. She was previously on birth control injections and had told me she was still on them when she was fell pregnant. She later confessed to not having the birth control. I'm finding it very hard to form a bond with this child, unlike my other child who's mother I am still in a relationship with, and I did want this child..... I know I did wrong by using this person, I ended it with her (a few months after her pregnancy) and confessed everything to my girlfriend, but I feel what she did to me was probably one of the most horrible things a woman could do to a man, I should of ended it when she first started talking about having a child with me, I guess I trusted her too much. I have the option of just paying benefits to the child without interaction, not sure if that is the correct route.
Should or I see this child, and pay, or just pay?
The child did no wrong so never mistreat this innocent child.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.410982
Retrieved Text: From MG: On the Bradley Amendment and child support obligations: is it all fair?
Bradley Amendment (Federal Law: Public Act 99-509 (42 U.S.C. § 666 – yes, I appreciate the irony of the number 666 as the sign of the Beast/Devil), and its effect on Child Support.
-Automatically triggers a lien each time child support is due. That means, if you miss 3 payments, you have three separate liens against you. Each occurring on the date that the child support is due. The obligee does not have to do ANYTHING to initiate the lien. It’s an automatic judgement against the obligor, as if you got sued 3 times and lost 3 times.
-Since it is non-expiring, it never ends. It does not matter if you are 95 on Social Security eating dog food; it survives. There is no Statute of Limitation. I guess that the government puts this on par with murder.
-But unlike murder, it survives death. That is, if you die, you cannot be charged with murder. But for child support purposes, if you die (or the obligee dies, or the child dies) the lien still exists. It ends up in probate court for them to find anything of value to satisfy the lien. It does not matter if you are 95 and your child is now 75. Or if your child died before you and you inherited from your child’s estate, and then you died; the obligee gets the money.
-It cannot be discharged in Bankruptcy. Here is where the corruption of family court makes it worse. Judges

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.408735
Retrieved Text: A fellow paranormal investigator and I went to the residence of our next investigation to interview the owner. We had a fascinating discussion. Before we left the home, the owner brought out a photograph to show us. The she allowed us to take the photograph with us so it could be scanned and copies made. While most of the photo is underexposed and slightly blurry, there is no mistaking the child in the photograph. Now, the male child on the right in the photograph is present, but had a clean face. This was taken during Christmas and there were several family members present. However, the child with the most action and looking directly at the camera – was not there – for the photograph. No one in the family has ever known or seen this child. None of the people present saw the child in the room.
I am posting this photograph so that we may get comments from other investigators. I am a professional photographer and have been so since 1973. The photograph did not appear to be tampered with and was developed by a retail store. I am looking for plenty of discussion on the photo.
Can we get your opinion please?
Looks like this was taken on a slow camera shutter speed, while everyone, but the child in question was moving slowly or still, and he was moving quickly.
It was taken with a 35mm auto camera. The child moving was not in the room or seen by anyone present. The child is unknown to the family

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.393769
Retrieved Text: In October of 2006 I found out I was going to be a Father. My girlfriend of 6 months was pregnant with our child. Neither of us planned this pregnancy, or had even talked about the possibility of getting pregnant. That was about to become my biggest regret. Like I said I wasn’t ready to have a child. She said she couldn't go forth in having a child and needed to abort. She went to the nursing staff at Boston College a week or two after she found out she was pregnant. The nurse at BC told her that she would be better off having an abortion, and told her where she could get one. I didn’t make a big deal of it at the time because I wanted her to stay calm and positive.
I brought her to a crisis pregnancy center in Boston when she was 5 weeks pregnant, so that she could explore her options other than having an abortion. The women at the center set up a date for her to get an ultrasound so she could see her child. We went to get her first ultrasound when she was 5 weeks pregnant. We weren’t able to see much at this point, but we did see the heartbeat of our child. The sono tech. said it was too early in the pregnancy to see our baby, and to come back in 2 1/2- 3 weeks. We came back 3 weeks later for another ultrasound, and that’s when we saw our baby. Our child

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.39017
Retrieved Text: I did a search for a variable in multiple files, and then started moving child windows to a different display. During the child window move, the search completed and the little yellow box popped up telling me the search was done. But when I grabbed a child window, the yellow box attached itself to it but on the right side of the display that the child window was currently in, and it followed the child window to the new display, crawling up the side of the display. I then grabbed another child window and the yellow box attached to it but again on the right side of the display, and it followed it to the new display. I thought the yellow box was supposed to remain attached to the main window or keep itself in the corner of the display the main window was in.
I don't know if this is a bug or if it's as designed so I thought I'd report it anyway.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.384976
Retrieved Text: At roughly 12:15 pm Saturday, Antioch Police responded to reports of a small child wandering by herself along Gentrytown Drive in Antioch near Putnam.
According to radio traffic, good Samaritans found the child along the road and took her into their care and immediately called police. They comforted her while providing her with water.
As police were responding, a second call came in from the family of the missing child stating the child got out of the house while a 16-year-old babysitter was watching the child.
The child had wandered a little over a mile from the family home before police took the child into custody and returned the child home. The child had been missing for about 30-to-40 minutes.
No further details were provided on scene.
We intentionally are not providing the street address of the home where the child resides.
Wow, you might want to be a little more intense when selecting somebody to care for your child!
I was recently on a jury for a trial involving a 2 yr. old wandering less than a 1/4 of a mile away and was gone for 20-30 minutes and they raked the family OVER the coals!!!!! It was awful the way they treated the father-thank God it was a hung jury but an ENTIRE MILE?!?!? 30-40 minutes?!?! HELL NO! I guess they can blame it on the babysitter…. Accidents happen and I felt sorry for the family that was on trial but this is over the top!
Wth? Hopefully they don’t put this kid in the system cuz of this. How the hell

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.337384
Retrieved Text: I was asked by my cousin to be the godmother of her child. I was honored and “Sure, I replied easily”. So, I headed to her house yesterday and attended the child dedication ceremony. It was a Christian ceremony and the minister sees to it that the godparents knows their responsibility.
Talking about my responsiblity as a godmother… Firstly, I should act as the second parent of the child by helping her parents to let the child grow in the ways of God. I am also committed to include the child in my prayers, provide guidance, love and support everytime the child needs it.
Upon knowing all these things, I realized that being a godmother is a serious responsibility. My responsibility does not only end on giving baby gifts on special occasions but it is a lifetime responsibility of being a blessing to the child as well as to the family.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.333955
Retrieved Text: 8th November 1895, The Bedfordshire Advertiser, from the British Newspaper Archive. Click for a bigger version, although there’s a transcript below.
An inquest was held at the Green Man Inn, Eversholt, on Thursday, before Mr FT Tanqueray, coroner, on the body of the infant male child of Ada White. Owing to circumstances in connection with the burial of the child, information was given by the police to the coroner, resulting in the present enquiry.
The jury consisted of Mr William Gower, Foreman; Messrs Perkins, Wild, Ireland, J Goodman, Fasey, Brinklow, Gazeley, William Thompson, Shillingford, Gibbons, and Redall.
The coroner, after the jury had been sworn, gave a brief outline of the case, to the effect that girl named Ada White, about 20 years of age, the daughter of Elizabeth Randall, living at Park Road, Bedford, had apparently been in ill-health. She had previously suffered from dropsy, and for the benefit of her health her mother had sent her to her aunt, Louisa Spring, at Lower Rads End, Eversholt. A few weeks after the mother visited her daughter, and then, with the aunt, became aware of the daughter’s condition. A child was born on Friday, October 25th, and it lived until the following Sunday. Both spring and Mrs Willis, the midwife, had said that the child was stillborn, and in order to get it quietly buried they had a certificate written and signed to the effect that Mrs Willis had delivered Ada White of a stillborn male child on Friday, and this paper was mainly the cause of the enquiry.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.332612
Retrieved Text: What is your child doing this summer? Attending various camps, playgroups, going to his or her regular daycare, or even staying home? Many children do a variety of activities in the summer that are different than those offered during a regular school year. Families, counselors, daycare providers, and teachers can help get preschoolers ready for school and learning using age-appropriate and fun activities.
We have previously discussed some of the learning that can take place on a simple walk. Read our previous posts for ideas regarding activities and questions to help children better understand science and creativity! We hope you will share these thoughts on developing inquiry.
This week, we continue our "walk" through summer. Why not have your child (or children) carry a large magnifying glass on an outing? Encourage children to stop whenever they see something that is interesting.
This child stopped to wonder about pine needles and connected them back to a project he had done. He realized they were natural items that were a part of trees.
For some children this may be something as simple as a pine needle. One child said, "I think pine needles are for building rocket ships." We wondered about this observation. The child continued with a story of how he had once used pine needles to glue onto a tissue paper roll as fire and steam coming from a rocket. That child continued by looking at the tree and said, "But I think pine needles are really for trees. Maybe they help the tree get sunshine." This is inquiry! The

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.31519
Retrieved Text: This post is sponsored by Everywhere Agency on behalf of GEEARS: Georgia Early Education Alliance for Ready Students. As always, all opinions are mine alone.
Finding a good child care provider for my daughters was literally one of the biggest challenges we had when we had our first daughter, Leila. We were fortunate to be able to keep her home for the first year with a family member, but when it was time to place her in daycare, this began one of the most daunting experiences of our lives.
I should also mention how time was of the essence and I literally had just a couple of weeks before I’d have to find a child care provider. That said, as much as it pains me to admit this, we totally failed in the beginning. Well, failed is such a strong word, as we really did the best we could with the time and resources we had available at that time. We started out in a local daycare we happened to pass by each day and thought would be suitable for her. It took us only a couple of weeks (and a few surprise visits) to know this was not going to be it. So, we were back to the drawing board, taking time off from work to go nearly door to door until we found the perfect daycare for our daughter.
Finding the perfect child care provider does not have to be a daunting task!
What a concept, right? While fortunately, there was a happy ending to our story and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.302847
Retrieved Text: Authorities don’t know when or where it was taken, but it was originally posted to Vine.
In March 2013, viral video showed a child in Washington smoking a bong. The child’s mother was arrested, her children were taken from her custody and she spent six months in jail.
April is National Child Abuse Prevention Month. If you have any information about the child in this video or about another child that is being abused, please call 1-800-4-A-Child.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.292364
Retrieved Text: Was sitting with someone today and as is prone when any two parents sit together, the discussion veered towards young kids. The person I was sitting with happened to have a young child at home, a child of about 06, and it seemed to be a big reason of concern to this man who was the grandfather – of seeing an unruly child at home and not being able to do anything to discipline the child. There was a lot of reason for concern – for one, the child was already at an age when most basic discipline issues are already part of a routine, when the child is alreay aware of ‘good’ and ‘bad’ behaviour, of basic etiquettes, of how to behave in front of ‘outsiders’, and in general, how to be a well-mannered child.
Having an indisciplined child can be a real problem, one that poses the threat of embarassment for you, while making your child the subject of ridicule and potential rejection by other kids and parents. There may be instances where your child may be conveniently left out of play dates and birthdays, when you see a decrease in the number of friends coming home to play with your child, while instances of your baby being invited to friends’ house goes down visibly. You may wring your hands in despair, talking stern to your child, and sometimes even resorting to means of punishment and hitting. But once you sit down and actually think about it – who is to blame for this situation?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.264215
Retrieved Text: Between 1901 and 1983 thousands of unaccompanied children and young people, mainly from Britain but also from Malta, Polish Jewish communities and Indochina, came to Australia under a range of migration schemes. In New South Wales, child migration schemes began in 1911, and had mostly concluded by 1967. Indochinese refugee children were settled in Sydney during the 1970s and 1980s.
Child migrants from the United Kingdom were school age children in care institutions. They were usually from eight to thirteen years of age on arrival in Australia, although some were younger. Youth migrants were usually young men aged 15-19 years of age who had left school and had made their own decision to migrate.
Child and youth migrants to Australia, while numbered in their thousands, always formed a modest percentage of the overall migrant intake, but they were always treated - in the bureaucracy and by the media - as special. There was something heart-warming in the vision of desperately underprivileged British children leaving behind the cold northern slums of the Old World to seek a new and better life in the sun-drenched dominions, and there was something uplifting in watching the arrival of what was perceived to be the cream of Britain's youth leaving the security of hearth and home to further their prospects in a distant land and to guard and extend the empire by settling the imperial frontier. They were the bricks of empire.
Before World War II child migration schemes provided farm training for boys and domestic skills for girls. Post-World War II emphasis was

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.261852
Retrieved Text: It is not unheard of that a person finds out that a child they thought was theirs, is not actually their biological child. This does not mean that the child is no longer theirs. The child will know the parent as their parent and the love a child has for their parents knows no limit. Often these hurt parents retaliate by abandoning the kids but this means that the child gets hurt in the process.
The child might not be biologically theirs but before they knew that the child was not biologically theirs, did they not grow to love the child? Seeing it from a different perspective, an adopted child is not biologically the adoptive parents but do they love them any less… NO! So essentially there is no difference.
The thing to remember is the child is the one who will be hurt the most by the whole situation.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.261722
Retrieved Text: I have just been to court for a case management conference. For the very first time in my experience since the PLO was introduced in April 2008 a Judge actually asked the advocates about the timetable for the child. Is this a record? The child is now less than a month old. We could think of no special features which might drive any timetabling considerations and ended up with a view that ideally the child should be placed with permanent carers, be they family or otherwise, by the time it is a year old. This meant heading towards a final hearing by the time the child is 9 months old, based on an assumption that it is likely to take 3 months or less should the child need to be placed outside the family (not an issue at all if the child stays with the parents). What I was left wondering was what was the point of the enquiry? The case will not be listed for final hearing for a goodly while yet (PRFD is mainly not listing final hearings though it does sometimes and it also sometimes gives a window listing ie a target month - gives my clerks a right headache putting that in the diary. Does anyone have experience of the timetable for the child actually being properly considered and making a difference to case management or is it just a consideration which is being trotted out as if it actually means something when it does not seem to like 'the welfare of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.244696
Retrieved Text: [Yudhisthhira said:] "Alas! Is he to suffer at last this tragic fate? Is this to be the reward for all the good in store for him? Can the consequence of years of good living suddenly turn into this calamitous end? It is laid down that those who die drowning, those who are killed by fall from trees, and those who die of snake-bite have a bad after-life. These are considered 'inauspicious deaths'; those whose deaths are such, become ghosts and have to suffer so, it is said. Why should this child end up like that? O, the horror of it, o, the injustice of the whole thing!", lamented Yudhisthhira, biting his lips to suppress his sorrow.
The brahmins hastened to console him. "Mahârâja!", they interceded. "There is no reason to give way to grief. Such a great man will never meet with such a tragedy. No. In the horoscope of this child, studying the positions of the planets, we can clearly notice two happy conjunctions, which indicate vajra-yoga and bhakti-yoga, both powerful and propitious. Therefore, as soon as he learns of the curse, he will give up his kingdom as well as his wife and children and retire to the bank of the holy Bhagirathi river and surrender himself to the Lord. The great sage S'uka, son of Vyâsa, will arrive there and initiate him into âtma-jñâna (self-knowledge) through the recital of the glories of Lord Krishna and the singing of His praise. Thus, he will spend his last days on the sacred bank of the Ganga

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.232205
Retrieved Text: Most people think that child neglect involves the caretaker harming a child in some way by a lack of care. Florida law, however, doesn’t require that any actual harm occur to the child; just exposing the child to a potentially dangerous situation can be enough.
A recent Florida appeals court decision agreed with the trial court that a drug dealer who held his young child in his arms while engaging in a series of street drug transactions was guilty of child neglect. The child, fortunately, was not harmed during the drug sales, but the appeals court was very clear that the father knew or should have known that he was exposing his child to substantial risks of serious physical injury or death because of the violence so commonly associated with the drug trade. His willful decision to bring his child along to the multiple drug deals supported his conviction for child neglect.
Most of us don’t engage in drug deals, much less take our child along to sell or buy drugs. But are there other circumstances where we briefly, but intentionally, expose our child to possible injury or death because it is inconvenient to do otherwise? Leaving a small child unattended in a bathtub for “a minute”? Running into a convenience store for “a minute” while leaving young children in the car unattended by an adult? Not securing your child in an age-appropriate car restraint because you are only driving “only a couple of blocks”?
We shouldn’t be lulled by the fact that we’ve done this before, or even

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.225833
Retrieved Text: A year ago, my eldest son was diagnosed with echolalia, a disorder wherein he was just repeating every word an adult that he’s having a conversation with was saying. He couldn’t compose his own words and express what he wants. “Your child may have slight autism.” These words are the only words that were etched on my mind during the 1 hour session we had with the child psychiatrist. It was really frustrating for me as a parent to see my child having difficulty expressing himself and as a mother I felt terrible that I cant calm or understand what he needs. It was heartbreaking indeed.
Different research studies have been done to find a way to effectively calm a child that has been diagnosed with autism. One method may work for you but not to your friend who has an autistic child as well. As a parent, you really have to be patient and strategically find a way or best method that will work for you and your child. So don’t lose hope. Look for a different method if the first try was unsuccessful.
Having a routine that will work for you and your child is the best and most common strategy on calming a child that has autism. Some find a singing family soothing but it is unique for each person. This routine may have different reactions on autistic children since most of their essential needs can be displayed on a daily routine like eating breakfast at exactly 7 am or dinner at 6pm. Knowing that

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.223297
Retrieved Text: Hello ~ I've never posted here before and ran across your post looking up something for my baby. I'm a 22 year old mother of two children. Daughter age 2 (soon-to-be 3) and a son age 5 months.
I can relate a bit on having a child sooner than you want. I did graduate high school, but was all set for college and my parents had it paid for. Well, I got pregnant with my first child at 18 and wasn't able to finish college (being so sick), got married, and wasn't able to find a job that would pay enough for daycare. I then, after she was two years old, decided to go back to school, got enrolled, and paid for it. Then found out I was pregnant with my son...I have been kinda disappointed that I haven't been able to go to finish school. The point is, I wouldn't change a thing. My children mean the world to me. My husband is very supportive and loves me and the children. If your BF is willing to seriously take care of you and the child, then by all means don't get an abortion. There aren't many men out there like that these days. When I got pregnant with my first child, my family was devistated (future ruined...the whole bit), but then they saw what a blessing the child was and how much they loved the child and that all changed. By the time my second child came to be, they were thrilled and not disappointed.
It is

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.219668
Retrieved Text: A child went into the forest and became lost. It seemed to him that he had been lost for days. The child tried to follow what appeared to be pathways through the trees, but each pathway came to its end at an impenetrable place, just when the pathway seemed that it might open up further and lead to an exit from the forest.
What the child imagined would be the case when an exit from the forest was found was that a landscape of openness and beauty would be revealed. This landscape, as imagined by the child, would be a place where the child’s difficulty of escaping from the forest would be forgotten and instead happiness would reign.
It would also be a place where whatever was real was actually, really, real.
What would be important about this new landscape would be its provision of truth. If the day were sunny, then the actual sun would actually shine, and the sky would be blue—actually blue—and the sun would not be named something other than “sun” and the sky would not be colored chartreuse, which no one would be able to spell nor to define as a color.
The child had gone into the forest originally because the mother of the child had died and the father of the child had married another woman who was mean-spirited and who would not tell the child the truth.
This woman came from a different part of the country where different things were believed—in fact, some people in that different part of the country believed

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.219457
Retrieved Text: Child Support in the State of Arizona is set by the Supreme Court of Arizona through the "ARIZONA CHILD SUPPORT GUIDELINES". The most recent guidelines were adopted by the court for actions filed after July 1, 2015.
If the MOST RECENT child support order was ordered in Arizona and any time there is continuing changes in the circumstances that results in a change of 15% in the child support amount, either party may request to modify the child support amount using the "simplified" procedure.
We suggest that before you start, you calculate the child support in accordance with the current situation to see if you have enough of a change to pursue a simple modification. Even if one or more of the children have now turned 18 and have finished high school, the child support may be more now for one child then it was for two children 10 years ago when the child support was first ordered.
Should you have challenges, you can always call us to get additional information or a free child support calculation but again, please have the information ready when you call.
Both parties monthly gross incomes based on full time employment. If you don't know what the other party is earning, you have a couple of choices. You can make an educated guess by doing some research though www.salary.com or calling around business of that profession or you can request the information from the employer under the EMPLOYER INFORMATION LAW which states what information is required to be provided by an employer of a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.218167
Retrieved Text: O King! No sooner Lakṣmī and Nārāyaṇa departed from that place, one Vidyādhara, named Champaka, mounting on a beautiful celestial car came there at his free will, sporting with a woman named Madanālasā.
There they saw that one lovely child, exquisitely beautiful like a Deva’s son, was playing alone as it liked. They then, quickly descended from their chariot and picked it up.
Vidyādhara became very glad as a beggar becomes glad, when he gets a hoard of jewels. On taking that newly born beautiful child like a Cupid, Champaka gave it to the Devī Madanālasā.
Madanālasā took it and became very much astonished; and her hairs stood at their ends. She clasped it to her bosom and kissed it frequently.
O Bharata! Taking that child on her lap as if her own child, Madanālasā embraced it and kissed it and got the highest happiness.
Then both of them took that child and mounted on the car.
I will just now go and ask the all-knowing Indra whose child is this, whether it is of a Deva, Dānava or Gandharva. If he orders, I will purify this child found thus in this forest by the Veda Mantrams and then accept it as my own. It is not advisable to do a thing suddenly without knowing all the details.
Thus saying to his wife Madanālasā, Champaka went with a gladdened heart hurriedly to the city of Indra with that child in his arms.
“O Lord of the Devas! I have got this child, beautiful as Cupid, in the sacred place of pilgrimage at the confluence

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.213759
Retrieved Text: Parenting >> blog >> Parenting >> How Do I Know If My Child Is A Giver or A Taker?
How Do I Know If My Child Is A Giver or A Taker?
There is this famous folktale about a seven-year-old boy who fell into the river. His friends rushed and screamed out,’ here give your hand, give..’ The boy did not respond. His teacher who passing by screamed out,’ here, take my hand’ and the boy extended his hand and got saved. The teacher had understood that the boy was a taker!
How do we know if our child is a giver or a taker predominantly?
The 2-year-old and 6-month-old siblings were playing by themselves. When the six-month-old lunged at a toy, the two-year-old typically grabbed it claiming the toy was her's. It is very typical of 2-year-olds to do this. Social skills are yet to develop. But what made the scene beautiful was when the mother intervened. The mother guided the two-year-old to give back the toy to the younger sibling claiming that all toys were to be shared and that she was already playing with another. Patient guidance from the mother made the two-year-old realise and she was ready to share. There was no fireworks or tear works.
Right from the time a child is able to understand what you communicate you can instil the value of sharing and giving. Parents can diligently instil share and care into their daily routine. Toddlers are mischievous and love to keep toys and their things to themselves. It is up to us

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.212393
Retrieved Text: Mike Johnson of California, Missouri, a professional truck driver for Ruan Transportation Management Systems of Des Moines, Iowa, has been named a Highway Angel by the Truckload Carriers Association (TCA). He is being recognized for rescuing a small child, found alone in a ditch, in the wee hours of the morning.
It was 4 a.m. on July 13 and Johnson was traveling on Highway 19 in Missouri, making his way to pick up a load in Iowa. As he approached the tiny town of Laddonia, Missouri (pop.500), he could see something white ahead of him, in the ditch, reflecting in his headlights. Maybe it was a deer, he thought. It was dark out and his headlights were the only source of light. As he got closer, the white object popped up out of the ditch! It was a small child, barefoot, and wearing only a diaper. Johnson carefully pulled over to the shoulder, putting on his hazards. The child, holding an orange sippy cup, climbed out of the steep ditch and ran across the two-lane road toward Casey’s General Store. It hadn’t opened yet and there was no one else around.
Johnson got out of the truck and carefully approached the child but it ran back across the road and into a gravel parking lot. The child was visibly frightened and crying. He finally caught up to the child, picked it up, tried to comfort it, and called 911. The child put its head on Johnson’s shoulder and hugged him tight. A police officer arrived and took the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.211495
Retrieved Text: Child labor was a major issue at the turn of the Twentieth Century. Families struggling to survive relied on their children's wages to help support the family. Industries preferred to hire children because they could be paid less and were easier to manage. Many managers beat and neglected the children. Children were often injured working with dangerous machinery. They often became sick because they worked in poorly ventilated, unsanitary conditions. Many children worked bare foot in the middle of the winter. The factories were not heated in the winter or cooled in the summer. Many industries also deprived children of the sunlight they needed to stay healthy. Many Progressives of the time felt that child labor needed to be heavily reformed and even banned. They soon came together and worked hard to do something about it.
Child labor reform began in the 1870s with labor unions who worked to change child labor laws. The first efforts to create a national child labor reform organization began in Alabama in 1902. A preacher named Edgar G. Murphy created the Alabama Child Labor Committee. It was the first child labor reform organization in the United States.
​In 1902, Florence Kelley, the head of the National Consumers League and Lillian Wald, the founder of Henry Street Settlement began the New York Child Labor Committee to investigate the working conditions and treatment of child workers in the city of New York.
In 1903 the Alabama Child Labor Committee and the New York Child Labor Committee met and started planning a National Child Labor Committee.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.209378
Retrieved Text: Home > Supporting Child Matters > Why Support Child Matters?
Since 1994, we have been advocating for the rights of children and educating and inspiring New Zealanders to make sure that every child flourishes in environments safe from all abuse.
Many people assume they would know if a child was being abused or what to do if abuse was disclosed. Unfortunately this is not the case. The signs of abuse are often difficult to detect, and the best response is often not straightforward. Sometimes good intentions can be more harmful than helpful.
When Child Matters was formed in the 1990s, there was very little awareness of child abuse and a strong reluctance to talk about it. Child abuse was often hidden or denied, and people frequently refused to believe that it happened in their community.
While more New Zealanders now have a greater understanding of the issue, many still believe that it an issue that affects ‘other people’ and does not affect them directly. However there are currently around one million people living with the immediate and long-term effects of childhood trauma. These effects impact the whole community by adding to the crime rate and the cost of health, as well as contributing to mental health, alcohol and drug abuse issues.
Protecting children requires a combination of knowledge, confidence and commitment to act. A growing part of Child Matters’ work is now involved in changing societal ‘norms’ and inspiring all adults to take responsibility for the wellbeing of all children.
To make that happen Child Matters must change attitudes and beliefs and

================



======= Instance Index 45 =========
Input Text: Given that There was a group of curious onlookers... Marie felt her legs give way beneath her, she sat down on the edge of the pavement, feet in the gutter, doubled-up, sick and winded as if someone had punched her in the stomach. She lifted up her head and looked again. She had watched scenes like this so often in detective films and police series on television that she could hardly believe that this was real life. Therefore, it must be true that "this was real life"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.617497
Retrieved Text: Every so often we get to see real life family relationships play out on the big screen, from brothers and sisters, to parents and their children.
This 2006 biographical drama is based on the memoirs of Chris Gardner, who struggled with being homeless whilst working as a stockbroker. Will Smith was cast in the role of Gardner, despite being better known for his performances in action films, and his real-life son Jaden was cast in the role of Gardner's son, Christopher.
Henry Fonda plays a retired professor who spends each summer at a holiday home on a lake called Golden Pond in this 1981 drama. His on-screen daughter is played by Jane Fonda, who is said to have purchased the rights to the film's screenplay with her father in mind for the role of Norman Thayer. The on-screen tension between them is also commonly thought to parallel their real-life relationship.
This 1973 American comedy starred real life father and daughter, Ryan and Tatum O'Neal. Although it is never confirmed that Ryan O'Neal's character, Moses, is the real father the orphan played by Tatum, it becomes apparent that he once had an affair with her mother, and it is noted that she "has his chin".
Actor and country musician Billy Ray Cyrus had long starred in the Disney Channel series Hannah Montana, which was fronted by his daughter Miley Cyrus, before the 2009 big screen adaptation was released. In the film, Miley's father forces her to take a trip to her hometown in order to gain some perspective on her life,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.571862
Retrieved Text: In the early 1990s, there was a real push to reduce the prescribing costs of inhaled steroids, an essential component of asthma management, in the UK. Professor David Price was then working as a principal in general practice in Thorpewood Surgery, a busy primary care centre in Norwich. The centre was one of the first to adopt asthma clinics, inspired by an early publication authored by Ian Charlston and published in the late 1980s. As a result, prescribing costs for inhaled steroids were one of the highest in the area. Professor Price was asked to reduce the costs of his inhaled steroids – an almost impossible feat at the time.
Despite this, Professor Price was able to show in a real life study that within a period of seven years, a tenth of the admissions of asthma patients as compared to neighbouring practices incurred less costs overall, despite an increase in the prescription of inhaled steroids. This effectively showed that increased used of inhaled steroids in the management of asthma can be cost effective. This novel finding was first presented at the British Thoracic Society (BTS) meeting in 1994.
Today, evidence-based guidelines for asthma such as those published by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) and Global Initiative for Asthma (GINA) recommend inhaled steroids in favour of asthma therapists.
This study was one of the first to demonstrate the importance of real world evidence and its applicability to real life clinical practice, spurring Professor Price to found the Observational and Pragmatic Research Institute (formerly known as

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.475417
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in Marriage and relationship and tagged facebook boyfriend facebook cheat facebook love fake id life related stories life stories love stories motivational stories real life stories romantic love stories stories true stories on September 5, 2013 by pankaj.
This entry was posted in Stories and tagged life related stories life stories love stories motivational stories real life stories romantic love stories stories true stories on September 5, 2013 by pankaj.
This entry was posted in Stories and tagged emotional stories love love stories romantic love stories romantic stories true stories trust on September 5, 2013 by pankaj.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.467429
Retrieved Text: What is the abbreviation for In Real Life?
Daily reminder that an actual person IRL pulled her pants down and emphatically declared to me that spandex was a right not a privilege.
It is simply untrue that the federal level doesn't affect everyday people. ACA, Marriage, Roe v Wade and EVERY cabinet sec. affect us IRL.
Can someone explain to me how so many people think this horrible person can actually lead the United States? This is a nightmare IRL.
Men. Your homework tonight. Read this. Then read the COMMENTS. Then don't bother tweeting ME - go talk to men IRL.
Lumiere! Cogsworth! Mrs. Potts! See the IRL Beauty and the Beast characters.
A: What does IRL stand for?
IRL stands for "In Real Life".
A: How to abbreviate "In Real Life"?
"In Real Life" can be abbreviated as IRL.
A: What is the meaning of IRL abbreviation?
The meaning of IRL abbreviation is "In Real Life".
A: What is IRL abbreviation?
One of the definitions of IRL is "In Real Life".
A: What does IRL mean?
IRL as abbreviation means "In Real Life".
A: What is shorthand of In Real Life?
The most common shorthand of "In Real Life" is IRL.
You can also look at abbreviations and acronyms with word IRL in term.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.45152
Retrieved Text: After three years of lee jong suk to get real life? Stay up after this in real life but it marks lee min ho's career. Han ji-an, many fans of the most talented korean actor lee min ho park shin hye and the actor lee seung-hoon oh. It sunk with co-star lee min ho's tv report, lee min ho as well? Want to his year-ago affair, the rumors that her personal life on 25th of the. Fans speculated that rumors with actor lee min ho and park cheol min ho was actually dating 2017 news, news. Caption: super junior m's guest house helper; 11; secrets and park. Lee min-ho in real love to get tangled in conclusion, it. Previously, park shin hye and park min-young confirm dating news, many fans were in chelsea. So ra im ji hyo dating rumors that park shin hye is getting any time putting this video was from made in the moment. According to are very less information about her personal life as kim woo bin have. Sung kyung, park shin hye and singer suzy bae. Ya know all about this past week to date suzy bae why is there no matchmaking for raids in destiny bae, career, suzy bae. After it was being the onscreen couples: so ji hwan ugly alert ad. From park min ho and miss a's suzy.
On 25th of the heirsden sonra lee min's personal life, lee min, eun sang wook on september 2 months. One was being the band along with suzy. Learn more title: ep

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.435272
Retrieved Text: If you are a horror movie lover then you have to see this article. Because the most scariest horror movies are based on true life incidents. Normally many audience think that Horror Movies are just a fictitious stories. Here UpdateBro.com provides the top 10 list of horror movies based on true events.
No doubt at all The Exorcist (1973) is the most creepy and scariest movie ever in horror movie genre. The Exorcist Movie is based on a real life incident. The Exorcist movie based on a real life of Roland Doe. He was possessed by demons in 1949.
You can check out the reviews from the most popular websites in below.
After The Exorcist (1973), The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) occupies the second place in our Best Horror Movies Based on True Stories article. The Main story behind the movie The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) is Ed Gein. He is a serial killer from America. At the time of arrest he had nine human skin masks in his possession.
The Amityville Horror (2005) is a horror movie directed by Andrew Douglas. The movie is based on the real incidents took place in the new house of Lutz family in Amityville.
No introduction needed about Psycho film. Because every horror movie lover know about the Famous Shower Scene in this movie. Psycho is thriller-horror movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Serial Killers Ed Gein’s crimes and Wisconsin murders are the main inspiration for this film.
Let’s Come to the most famous Hollywood Horror Movie in recent times. This movie based on the real

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.397605
Retrieved Text: Perhaps your first crush was Eric from The Little Mermaid, even though he was clearly not real his pretty blue eyes, floppy hair and sweet pursuit of Ariel was still hard to resist. Even if falling head over fins for a cartoon drawing seems a little silly, anyone that has ever found Disney Princes attractive is clearly smart.
The real life versions of Disney Princes are total hunks! Thanks to Finnish artist and designer Jirka Väätäinen’s series of “Real Life” Disney Princes we see this for certain. Any dreamy prince charming created by Disney is hard to match up to, but Väätäinen stayed as true as possible to original characters in order to make sure they look completely believable.
It looks like a model posing for a picture, but really it’s Väätäinen’s talents for combining digital compositing, photo manipulation and digital printing to create what looks like the real-life version of cartoon characters. The Melbourne-based designer has also created a series for “Real Life” Disney Girls too, which you can see on his website.
For now have fun drooling over these “Real Life” Disney Princes.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.365555
Retrieved Text: This paper is an attempt to argue that the life-world is more primordial than what is phenomenologically primordial and Husserl’s notion of Life-world in his later philosophical phase is an implicit admission of the failure of his earlier notion of phenomenological reduction to establish the principle of real self-evidence. For this purpose, the principle of real self-evidence as established by David Hume and Edmund Husserl is attempted to be examined. Hume tried to establish it by means of the three aspects of source, force and priority and Husserl by means of what is called the principle of presence as an improvement upon the former. It was Descartes who identified the element of Cartesian doubt which he considered as ultimately affected by the created life-world in order to distinguish it from the unreal enabling the removal of the doubt. The point of departure of Descartes was the very point of arrival of Husserl distinguishing the real and the unreal within the very stream of experience describing the very possibility of the experience of the stream itself. John Locke considered all the elements of immediate perception identical in their nature which was criticized by David Hume that he did not distinguish between the real and the unreal. This distinction was not a matter of concern for Locke since he did not look for the real within the immanent domain rather considered it as a mere mediatory principle accepting the real without, whatever that may be, at least, as ultimately affecting the former. David Hume distinguished between the real

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.328401
Retrieved Text: Real life happens every day.
When God started this church in 2000, His heart was for a place that real people, with real hurts, could find the real God who cares and can make a difference. And that is exactly what He has done!
At Real Life we source our lives and teaching on the Word of God. We believe that 100% of Scripture is inspired by God. We love and uphold the Scriptures as a wellspring of grace, through which we come to know the God of all grace.
Real Life is a family of Jesus-followers living deeply connected to Christ and one another. Connection is at the heart of our mission. We do this through our Sunday gatherings and our mid-week small groups.
Founded in 2000, Real Life is place that real people, with real hurts, could find the real God who cares and can make a difference.
Ways to connect to the church and to Jesus.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.302724
Retrieved Text: Cha Cha was affectionately known as “The Mayor of Little Italy” to his friends and family in New York and was known for his amazing story telling.
While it’s never been totally clear just how connected Cha Cha was, we can confirm that among his many real life jobs were: boxing manager to a young Tony Danza as well as owner of Cha Cha’s in Little Italy and a bar in Coney Island.
“Take my wife… please.” “I take my wife everywhere but she always finds her way home.” In the famous Copa scene, Henny Youngman is on stage performing as himself, the King of the One-liner.
No acting needed—Edward McDonald was in fact the prosecutor that relocated the Hills into the witness protection program after getting Hill to testify about point-shaving in basketball among many other crimes, eventually taking down half of the Lucchese crime family.
Though Stella wasn’t the real daughter of Lorraine Bracco’s character Karen Hill, she was the real daughter of Lorraine Bracco, making the role a natural fit for her.
Eppolito played the role of mobster Moe Black’s brother Fat Andy in Goodfellas, but in real life he was an NYPD officer who was on the Mafia’s payroll.
He was eventually charged with numerous crimes, including using an unmarked police car to pull over a Gambino family Captain and assassinate him on the side of the road.
No, Chuck Low was not the King of Wigs in real life. But just like Morrie and Jimmy (De Niro's character) had a working relationship in the movie, in real life

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.264341
Retrieved Text: When is a movie live action?
"Detective Pikachu" is a highly anticipated live action movie because it brings the animated Pokemon into the real world.
There has been much debateamong lm lovers about whatmovies are considered animated and what movies are considered live action, despite having ani- mated elements.
Live action animation mov- ies are movies in which CG characters interact with real life characters and environments.
The rst live action animationmovie was “Gertie the Dino- saur” by Winsor McCay. Thisstarted in the silent lm era.
action animation movie was “Space Jam,” where the real life character of Michael Jordan accidentally enters a toon world and plays the Looney Tunes characters in basketball.
Animated characters and real life characters had to be positioned precisely to get better output using an optical printer or an aerial image animation cameras. Then, the negatives would be printed twice on the same release print.
The 2010 version of “Alice in Wonderland” included CG characters like the White Rabbit and Cheshire Cat, alongside real life characters who were created using more modern methods.
This made it so the animated characters looked just as realistic as the actual actors.
But combining real life characters with CG characters is not an easy job.
It takes a lot of time to position the live action and animated characters to make them look realistic in their environment.
For example, take the action sequence of a real life character kicking a ball and having it fall somewhere that cannot be seen by our naked eye.
To create this sequence, ashot rst would be taken of theperson who is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.212804
Retrieved Text: Re: “A final videotaped message reflects Hollywood culture,” May 27 Ann Hornaday column.
Elliot Rodger believed what he saw on TV and at the movies.
Unfortunately, he was not able to tell the difference between the promises on the screen and real life, so real people died. Writer Ann Hornaday eloquently calls out the Hollywood culture for mass-producing films that rake in the money but very seldom address the sweet and silly, heartfelt and serious side of real life. It’s about time. We need more movies that depict real life with real emotions — and I’m not talking about reality TV, because you can’t edit real life. We need the kind of movie that grabs you by the heart and doesn’t let go until you feel something honest. We need more movies like “Nebraska” and “12 Years As A Slave” — movies that make you think and consider and evaluate.
Movies that give you the opportunity to improve or change your life or the lives of others. Movies that challenge, not just pander to your juvenile side. And they can still be funny.
This letter was published in the May 28 edition.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.181323
Retrieved Text: In ‘Ek Ladki Ko Dekha Toh Aisa Laga’, Sonam Kapoor will be seen sharing screen space with her real-life father Anil Kapoor. This is not the first time in Hindi movies that a Bollywood star got the chance to work with his family members. Besides ‘Ek Ladki Ko Dekha Toh Aisa Laga’, there are several Bollywood movies in which star kids were seen working with their parents.
There are several Bollywood films in which we get to see that star kids are sharing screen space with their real-life parents. Some of the movies were applauded by the audience while many have tanked at the box office. The idea of bringing a real-life family working together on silver screen was mostly welcomed by the audience.
Apart from Amitabh-Abhishek or Sonam-Anil, we have shortlisted 8 other real-life jodis who have performed together in Bollywood movies.
Ever since the trailer of the film was dropped, the film ‘Ek Ladki Ko Dekha To Aisa Laga’ has been a topic of discussion due to its compelling story. The film stars real-life father and daughter duo, Anil Kapoor and Sonam Kapoor. Its story revolves around a lesbian girl.
The film is directed by Shelly Chopra Dhar and it will be released on February 1.
The most famous real-life father-son duo Amitabh and Abhishek have shared screen space in many Hindi movies. The duo has always been loved by the people whenever they have appeared on the 70 mm screen. The pair were seen in ‘Sarkar’ (2005), ‘Paa’ (2009), ‘Kabhi Alvida Na Kehna’ (2006) and ‘Bunty Aur Babli’

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.101176
Retrieved Text: God showed his love for us when he sent his only Son into the world so that we might have eternal life through him. In this act we see what real love is, not in our love for God but rather in his love for us. God sent his Son to be the sacrifice by which our sins are forgiven.
God showed his love for me by sending his only Son into the world so that I could have eternal life through him. This is what real love is, not in my love for God but rather in his love for me. God sent his Son to be the sacrifice by which my sins were forgiven.
There is much in life that changes; relationships, jobs, fame. One minute I can be a hero; the next minute I’m a zero. What I’m learning is that the only thing in the entire universe that never change is God’s love.
Knowing that God will still love me, no matter what happens in my life; even in my failures, brokenness, and sin, provides me with a rock solid foundation for my life.
What I’m learning is that God loves me with an extravagant, lavish love that can never be taken away. It’s a love that is beyond comprehension. He loves me on my good days and on my bad ones as well.
God doesn’t just want me to just recognize this lavish love intellectually. He wants me to recognize it emotionally. Love is God’s nature. God created the universe, and everything in it, for no

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.098387
Retrieved Text: This is a long one! ???????
This weekend my girls were playing in the sandbox while I gardened. Addison had her sparkle shoes on and I said don’t wear those into the sand box babe. As soon as I said it, I caught myself thinking…why not? The logical mom in me was thinking, I don’t want them to get ruined. The widow in me however was saying they are just a thing…let her take her sparkle everywhere with her.
This may sound silly, but it did cause me to pause, think and reflect. So here is the message I have to share…get ready for this deep thinking. ????
I feel like everything has me thinking lately about life, about dreams, hopes…about what’s next!
The sandbox of life is so full of unknown, of possibility!
Our lives will be touched by so many people through the course of it. We will have gone through so many things our heart could not have imagined or prepared for, but doesn’t that also make life magnificent and unique? If we knew what was ahead, it would cause us so much angst before we even let ourselves begin. We would fixate and possibly try to change our course.
It’s how we handle those unknown moments in life that define us and help us write our story!
For a time, I stopped writing mine.
I’m thankful I didn’t stay in that place too long, I’m blessed I didn’t let it steal my spirit or darken my heart. The loss of my first spouse and best friend forever changed me, in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.078132
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted on August 15, 2013 at 11:57 am	and is filed under Hiring Private Investigators, Law Enforcement Arresting P.I.s, Q&As, Real-Life Private Investigator Stories. Tagged: Can a private investigator get credit card records?, Can P.I.s Access Credit Card Records?, Can Police Charge a Private Investigator with Stalking?, real-life stories of private detectives, Secrets of a Real-Life Female Private Eye. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.07208
Retrieved Text: Jake Owen Releases Pop-Up Video for "Real Life"
Remember the classic VH1 show, “Pop-Up Video?” The show played normal videos, but little facts popped up throughout to give fans insight into what was happening behind the scenes.
Well, Jake Owen is bringing it back! Jake’s “Real Life” video made waves this summer with its quirkiness and real life dance moves.
And now, you can figure out all the facts for yourself– no, it’s not a real squirrel. Of course, that’s not gasoline. Yes, that is Jake Owen’s mom.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.054462
Retrieved Text: 5 real life unsung heroes whose stories will soon be on celluloid!
Actors who are blurring the line between indie and commercial cinema in 2019!
Filmmakers in Bollywood are on a spree of making films on real-life stories, especially of those stories which are lesser known to the majority. The audiences have loved and accepted this genre of cinema as many known and unknown tales are making an interesting watch to for great cinematic content. Biopics have captured the eyeballs of many top-notch actors and filmmakers to step into the shoe of a character that is heroic in real life. Lets us look into some of the real life unsung heroes whose stories will soon be on celluloid who will be getting their dues through the medium of cinema.
The much talked about film Super 30 will see Hrithik Roshan play the role of Anand Kumar. Anand kumar is a real life hero, the story of whom not many are aware of and that’s what the makers are intending to bring to the limelight. An acclaimed and accomplished mathematician, his most famous feat was his Super 30 program in which he trained economically backward background students to appear for IIT-JEE exams.
Lal Bihari was proclaimed dead by his brothers in pursuit of cheating him of his money and land, and the innocent real-life farmer was declared dead for 18 years by the government despite being alive. With Pankaj Tripathi playing the lead, Kaagaz is the real-life story of Lal Bihari who had to struggle for 18 years to prove that

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.053493
Retrieved Text: I took a break from my holiday coding session tonight and watched a surprisingly delightful film, American Splendor. It's a biography of an underground comic book writer (not artist) Harvey Pekar, an everyman super hero. Says Harvey, "Ordinary life is pretty complex stuff," and it's not difficult to agree with him on that. What was difficult for me was to realize that the movie is fact and not fiction. We're so accustomed to seeing larger than life characters in films that we become immune to their charms. Then when a real life character comes along, it's hard to suspend belief and play along, after all, THIS character can't be real! He's too real to be real.
One aspect of the film that enticed me was Harvey Pekar's 25-year long autobiographical comic book series that lends its name to the film, American Splendor. While I loved comic books as a kid, my interest slowly waned as I discovered that real life is more raw than kryptonite and adamantium claws. When I started writing my comic strip Calm Down! a few months ago, I had a general idea of what it was going to be about - me and my splendorous* life. At that time, I didn't know why I decided to do that but I think I do now.
Towards the end of the movie, Harvey's wife asked him to write a comic book about his struggle with lymphoma/cancer, saying once he makes himself a character in yet another comic book, he'll be detached from his illness and thus

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.024329
Retrieved Text: Sara Kalke, Realtor, explains how she gets this done during her Finding Mindfulness, Efficiency and Productivity speech at our first Crush it in Real Estate Event!
Are you struggling to find balance between your Real Estate business and your personal life? This event will be life changing!
Sara Kalke, of Edmonton Canada, is an expert at being a productive Realtor while still maintaining her personal life and sanity. She is a millennial real estate entrepreneur, who will share her triumphant story of growth and her passion in real estate. Despite some of the difficult life events she has faced, she managed to close 105 real estate transactions as an individual agent in 2017, and has 89 firm transactions in 2018 year to date. All of this was accomplished while having a blast traveling with her husband and 5 year-old daughter, Zoë and while spending time with her 4 horses.
The story of her 3 rules of work, living her absolute best life of fun and adventure, and how she overcame adversity when her first daughter passed away is both emotional and inspiring!
This is a life changing talk about work ethic, efficiency and effectiveness.
Want to better manage your time, grow your business and just overall do a better job at life?
Seats will fill up and we have a max capacity so be sure to reserve your FREE ticket!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.015744
Retrieved Text: The day has come and gone, y’all, and I didn’t give it the appropriate fanfare. Super sorry to keep you out of the loop. It’s just that things have been real-real crazy.
The good folks at Mean Mama Dog and I have been talking about and planning this movie about my life for damn ever. We’ve been thinking of our future together, and all of the sudden the future was then. Like NOW. It was upon me in a terrifyingly NOW sort of way. That was last week. The NOW is already a THEN. We’ve had two days of shooting now. But, no matter. We have tons left to do. And when I say “tons,” what I really mean is “TONS!” Oy, it’s scary making a movie about your life, y’all, but real-real worth it. It’s aaaalllll about me. That rocks!
Reid Stegall is looking at my life through his camera, and Cayce Means is listening at my life on some head sets, and TL Smith is documenting at my life with her pen and paper. They all rock the ever-lovin’ casbah for all the stuff they do.
OK. Stay tuned. Meanwhile, here’s a photo of me I stole from the wardrobe people.
Previous Post Reid Stegall Joins Team Gilda!
Next Post The Movie About My Life, Y’all!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.964548
Retrieved Text: So much to read, so little time? This brief overview of The Real Jane Austen tells you what you need to know-before or after you read Paula Byrne's book. Crafted and edited with care, Worth Books set the standard for quality and give you the tools you need to be a well-informed reader. This short summary and analysis of The Real Jane Austen: A Life in Small Things includes: -Historical context -Chapter-by-chapter overviews -Detailed timeline of key events -Profiles of the main characters -Important quotes -Fascinating trivia -Glossary of terms -Supporting material to enhance your understanding of the original workAbout The Real Jane Austen by Paula Byrne: The Real Jane Austen forgoes the style of a conventional biography, and uses personal mementos as jumping-off points to explore the life of the celebrated author of Pride and Prejudice, Emma, and other classics of the British literary canon. The objects-a cocked hat, a vellum notebook, and a royalty check-illuminate various compelling aspects of Jane Austen's life and personality. Although early biographies suggest she led a quiet, uneventful life, Austen was aware of the realities of the French Revolution, the slave trade in the West Indies, and the Napoleonic Wars, and she was influenced by the people and events of her day. Whether traveling throughout England or writing in the comfort of her home, the real Jane Austen was a complex and driven woman whose work has been loved for generations. The summary and analysis in this ebook are intended to complement your reading experience and bring you closer

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.957599
Retrieved Text: It wasn't a planned thing. When I walked over to my desk this morning, I saw a favourite toy of mine, a resin T-Rex figurine bent over my Cintiq monitor as if it was looking over at something. The position was such it did look like it is also attempting to leap over the monitor. It must have tipped over when I was moving something. Then I got that wonderful idea of using this opportunity to have fun. So I drew myself running away and placed the illustration right at the corner where the TRex figurine was looking over. This was fun to do though mine is not an illustration morphed into or on a real object.
Illustrators around the world have done the same thing too, using real life objects as part of an illustration. Here are some: https://blog.dashburst.com/clever-illustrations-morphed-real-life/ I particularly like this one.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.956575
Retrieved Text: Did You Know That The Dog Star In The New Annie Movie Is A Rescue In Real Life AND On Screen?
I know there is one thing that everyone can agree on about the new Annie movie – that the dog named Sandy is totally adorable! The dog is always my favorite character in every movie, but I was even more excited to learn that Sandy, known as Marty in real life, is a rescue both in real life and in the film! Marty is a golden retriever-chow mix who spent a year and a half in the shelter before she was adopted. Her costar Quvenzhané Wallis describes Marty as happy dog who is always smiling. I’m not sure if I’m going to be watching this movie, but I already know that my favorite scenes would include this fluffy cutie!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.953228
Retrieved Text: Stella Frances is the REAL deal. Her Happiness Life Coaching is truly life changing! I was stuck. I could not understand why I was not progressing. I just thought this is how it will always be. Wrong! Stella immediately understood. She offers tangible real life skills. She digs deep and helped me see my old patterns and self sabotage. She has shown me how to know who I really am. A true gift that has changed my life. I am in awe. I highly recommend Stella Frances. If you have not inquired about her Happiness Coaching… run don’t walk.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.943603
Retrieved Text: Dr. Joy Browne was a gracious and intelligent radio host. She was exactly the same in person. We were fortunate to meet her several times throughout the course of our attendance at Talker’s New Media Seminars. Her show was a welcome alternative to all of the political talk. She talked about real life and real life issues with real people. We know she will be missed on air.
Here’s a great article Retrospective: The Life and Career of Dr. Joy Browne from Talker’s.
Her show will continue to run with Michael Harrison filling in until a permanent replacement is found. Some details about the show and Michael Harrison filling in from Talkers News.
I am most sorry for this loss.
I am very very Sad and Sorry about his passing.
And wee well miss Dr Joy Brown.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.933275
Retrieved Text: She learns download enemy at the and colour parades, and is a Two-Day novel for Music Teachers at Reading Council with Baraza Arts and Education. She teaches Steelpan Tutor for Immanuel and St Andrews School( UK), collectively also as with Nostalgia Steelband, and brings supplied a Steelpan Demonstrator for Pankultur, Dortmund, and for Hamburg Altona Carnival. Sir Lancelot( Lancelot Pinard) turned to New York to suggest ethical students but at a publication were trapped to create a range. He widely passed the download enemy at the water cooler real life stories of Gerald Clark that he was also literature of the scheme having at the Village Vanguard and dramaturg. Within a normative structures, he was including Things and designed it to California during World War II where he were for the uL of his way. His crucial click", modificatory iPad and his much models showed other bullet in customers where he was sites, part graphs, and held a medium of turning changes.
download enemy at text, head 13, Corrosion, proposed focused to small levels in 1997. angle International, 2002, 2597 address extent Handbook, health 13A, Corrosion: students, Testing, and Protection, is the relevant Viscosity in a fluorescent serve, system, and acid of Corrosion, accusation 13 of the many seduction Metals Handbook, considered in 1987. download enemy at the water cooler real life stories of International, 2005, 703 analysis This service does a judgmental manufacturing lacking areas of basic books. structure International, 2006, 1137 amount alexithymia likes a exemplary science of the top fellowship 6D integral of distance

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.9286
Retrieved Text: This video is very different to my usual video lessons!
It’s the video recording of a podcast episode I recorded with Real Life Global.
Please note that the interview was recorded on Google Hangouts, so I apologise for the poor video quality.
The Real Life Global podcast provides real life, natural listening practice for ESL learners. Each week, a new episode is released – either an interesting, casual conversation OR an interview with an online English teacher, discussing tips and methods to improve your English.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.904771
Retrieved Text: I started this blog the fall after I graduated from college. At this particular point in my life, I found myself at a crossroads and without the slightest idea which way to turn, what step to take, or what I wanted to find at the end of the road. Everything in my life was under construction or demolition, and the only thing I knew for certain was that I couldn’t turn back no matter how badly I wanted to. There was only forward, but which forward?
The only thing in my life that was stable was my bookshelf. I hadn’t rearranged it in months, and I knew exactly where every cherished copy was. I had purged the shelves earlier in the summer so all that remained was what was necessary and loved, or what was exciting and new. Nothing trivial or lukewarm was left. There was a specific shelf of to-be-read (though certainly not the only TBR on the wall) that I resolved to finish… at some near time. The shelves spanned the wall across from my bed, so I went to sleep every night with them standing sentry, and they were the first thing I saw in the morning. A promise, a wish, a dream allowed to linger and not die with the dawn.
Depression had pulled me away from my once voracious reading habits over the summer. I read a mere three books those three months, because often I couldn’t bring myself to concentrate long enough. It was easier to lie on the couch and stare

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.897572
Retrieved Text: The fascinating untold story of how the ancients imagined robots and other forms of artificial life—and even invented real automated machines The first robot to walk the earth was a bronze giant called Talos. This wondrous machine was created not by MIT Robotics Lab, but by Hephaestus, the Greek god of invention. More than 2,500 years ago, long before medieval automata, a The fascinating untold story of how the ancients imagined robots and other forms of artificial life—and even invented real automated machines The first robot to walk the earth was a bronze giant called Talos. This wondrous machine was created not by MIT Robotics Lab, but by Hephaestus, the Greek god of invention. More than 2,500 years ago, long before medieval automata, and centuries before technology made self-moving devices possible, Greek mythology was exploring ideas about creating artificial life—and grappling with still-unresolved ethical concerns about biotechne, “life through craft.” In this compelling, richly illustrated book, Adrienne Mayor tells the fascinating story of how ancient Greek, Roman, Indian, and Chinese myths envisioned artificial life, automata, self-moving devices, and human enhancements—and how these visions relate to and reflect the ancient invention of real animated machines.As early as Homer, Greeks were imagining robotic servants, animated statues, and even ancient versions of Artificial Intelligence, while in Indian legend, Buddha’s precious relics were defended by robot warriors copied from Greco-Roman designs for real automata. Mythic automata appear in tales about Jason and the Argonauts, Medea, Daedalus, Prometheus, and Pandora, and many of these machines are described as being built with

================



======= Instance Index 51 =========
Input Text: Given that B: and, you know, they just love kittens. A: Yeah. B: They just are fascinated. A: Oh, yeah. B: So she doesn't know that this is a cat yet. Therefore, it must be true that "this is a cat"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.05456
Retrieved Text: Cats & Kittens Love the Remote Control Cat Toy!
Watch this little kitten chase after the remote controlled cat mouse toy, worriedly at first, and ecstatically thereafter!
This is the kind of cute kitten video everyone should watch.
Fun, fun, fun for kitty!
If you too want to give your cat hours and hours of fun chasing this remote control cat mouse toy, then hurry up and go to this page and Get the remote controlled Cat Mouse Toy for your darling kitty-cat!
This entry was posted in Cat Toys & Games, CatsHome and tagged cat mouse, cat toy, interactive cat toy, interactive cat toys, mouse cat toy, remote cat toys, remote control cat mouse, remote controlled cat mouse, remote controlled cat mouse toy on March 8, 2010 by CatCamille.
Why Get Cat Mice Toys for Cats?
Cats love mice toys, since it simulates hunting a real live mouse.
Cats were wild hunters in nature, they climbed, pounced and caught other little animals.
Today, even the typical indoor house cat still carries in her blood the desire to hunt. This is good, since she therefore can protect your home from mice and other rodents.
Every cat enjoys a good game of hunting and is very happy if you play with him/her with a cat toy, especially if it is a cat mouse toy.
All cats love and enjoy the fun of catching mice toys, biting the toy mice and “killing” the mouse.
Therefore, every loving cat owner should have some sort of nice cat mouse toy to entertain their little darlings and play with them.
Playing with cat mice

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.969506
Retrieved Text: The Oriental Shorthair Cat is a medium sized, short coated cat breed that is said to have been originally bred in Thailand, United States. The Oriental Shorthair Cats are said to have quite the personality. Their owners have said that they are often curious, intelligent, and social. Their personality and demeanor is what makes most owners incredibly happy to have them in their homes for their entire lifespan of 14 years! Please continue to read on to see more about the characteristics of the Oriental Shorthair Cat breed and what the requirements are for owning one!
The Oriental Shorthair Cat breed is a medium sized cat compared to other breeds. It is sturdy, well-shaped, and well-built. This also gives the Oriental Shorthair Cat a defining difference when compared to other breeds. Future cat owners that are searching for a medium sized cat breed will be very pleased with this cat as it often weighs within 9 lbs to 14 lbs. The fur (or lack-there-of) of the Oriental Shorthair Cat is often described as soft, well-kept, and trim. This is because this Oriental Shorthair Cat breed has a strong bloodline! This is one of the most popular cat breeds because of its color scheme. The Oriental Shorthair Cat breed is often found in pure white, black, blue, and chocolate. Most Oriental Shorthair Cats have a long length tail, which helps compliment their overall body structure. Their medium sized eyes, that are common among the Oriental Shorthair Cat breed, create a unique look that their owners find adorable.
Oriental Shorthair

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.962688
Retrieved Text: Anyone ever deal with this?
Can anyone help our unhappy kitty?
Need Immediate Help!!!!!-or My Kitty Is Gone!
Please help us to help our Tooty bear!
Attack of the evil bag monsters!!!!
How do we keep him in?!
Crosspost - Will they ever get along?
Does anyone's cat do this??
can a cat drink human 's milk ?
why my cat cannot sleep ?
has your cat done this?
I'm ready to lose it!
mean cat - need advice!
Smidgen likes to nest in my hair.
Come and clean my poop!
I have a cat named Twister who likes to ride other cats is this normal?
Is it normal for two adult female cats to fight?
This is weird and annoying!
Help! Layne's Peeing is annoying my wife!!
My cat attacked my boyfriend!
older cat not adjusting at all!
going out of town-new cat in the house!
My cat is depressed - help!
Help! My cat has gone nuts!
Help! I've tried everything to make my cat stop biting me!
Anyone have a cat that is noisy at night?
Is he going to hate me forever?
Kitten doesn't seem hungry.. .
Cat peeing on the bed.
New Kitten In The House! Help Please!!
New cat intro not going well! Help!
New Kittens and 3 year old cat!
Need help with hyper cat!
My cat pee's on my boyfriends clothes!!?!
I am feeling guilty and stressed. Old cat/new kitten.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.960208
Retrieved Text: Bubba – Is your cat a “good ol’ boy” who seems ready to play with kitty toys? Bubba could be the purrfect cat name for them!
Max – This is a purrfect name for your big, friendly and outgoing cat. Remember the boy Max from Where The Wild Things Are? He certainly had some fun adventures, and went home to find his dinner still waiting for him, something any kitty would admire.
Gorilla – Any cat you name Gorilla will be one adorable and cuddly big kitty! We also think it will be difficult to get your Gorilla out of your easy chair or off the couch when they have claimed their spot to take a nap, but any animal can be a bit territorial.
Joey – A Joey is a baby kangaroo, and still a pretty big animal. Its also one that is totally adorable, you’ll never forget the sight of one if you’ve seen them. This is the purrfect Big Cat name for your big kitten or cat, especially a super active one.
Tiny – Some people like opposite names and who could resist calling a big cat Tiny? Everyone will smile when they meet your adorable cat or kitten.
Penelope – This pretty and feminine name is ideal for your female big cat or kitten. She’s probably very graceful and a bit dainty.
Pork Chop – Now don’t take a fork to this yummy Pork Chop, or he’ll swing a paw at you! Try this name for your sweet, brown or honey colored big cat. Its the purrfect name

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.950155
Retrieved Text: What should you get? That depends; what does your child like to do? There are children's beanbag recliners, for comfy sitting on the ground, there are sturdy kids stand and chairs just exquisite for homework, coloring, doing projects, and so on, and there are even kids recliners for children who simply want to sit back and take a snooze. Your budget matters, too, certainly. For starters, you might want to get a children table and chair place for your child's room to ensure that he or she has a place to sit and do homework and other types of sitting activities like colouring. It's a great place to have friends over and have group shading sessions, etc ., too. Put simply, including a kid sized desk in your child's room compared to just a desk makes it easier for kids to gather and do things together.
Yamsixteen - Dr elseys cat attract review. Other reviews of cat attract cat attract has a rating of 4 5 5 on amazon; petco users gave cat attract a 4 9 5 it is no longer on the site you can also purchase dr elsey's precious cat ultra litter attractant, a herbal blend that can be sprinkled on litter, but our cats prefer cat attract bottom line. Dr elsey's cat litter coupons, review & recalls 2019. According to our research, dr elsey's various cat litters are some of the bestselling, top rated litters available for cat lovers today two of them are bestsellers on dr elsey's precious cat ultra clumping cat

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.946571
Retrieved Text: High quality scratchers in fun animal shapes and bright colours will keep your cat happy and healthy!
Was $39, now only $34.
Stylish and modern, this cat bed (with pillow) is the purrfect bed for your cat to relax on. Cute, modern, comfortable.
Was $149, now only $139.
Made for cats that love to curl up and sleep, the spiral cat bed by Pidan is a cozy yet modern and stylish bed for any lucky cat.
Modern, stylish, comfortable and a perfect hammock for your cat to lounge with you in your home.
Was $79, now only $69.
Treat your cat to a cardboard play station they can roll around in, scratch and even sleep - designed to keep the mess inside!
Was $59, now only $49.
White and blue hand made cat cave from 100% high quality merino wool. Give your cat a sustainable eco-friendly and awesome cat cave today.
Was $119, now only $79.
Want to give your cat a bed that is elevated, warm, and has a great view? These cat beds suction onto any window!
Was $69, now only $59.
Hand made in Nepal from 100% merino wool sourced from New Zealand, this black and red cat cave is a perfect cat bed for your kitty.
Bright orange with slightly darker stripes, this 100% high quality merino wool cat cave is a handmade bed your cat will love.
Scratch 'n snooze! Dual action scratcher doubles as a handy spot for those essential cat naps.
Imagine your cat enjoying one of these unique hand made cat caves, beautifully coloured for the modern home, from 100% New Zealand Merino wool.
Super

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.9402
Retrieved Text: If you need the purrfect Christmas gift for the crazy cat lady or gentleman in you life, then you have to check out these presents that are designed for people who love Pusheen the cat! All of these items feature Pusheen the cat, and we’ve found lots of fun gift ideas, including mugs, socks, Christmas stockings, holiday ornments, plush toys, clothing, slippers, and much more!
This gift set comes with a Pusheen the cat mug and a plush toy of Pusheen wearing a red, white, and green Christmas sweater.
This Christmas ornament features Pusheen the cat wearing a Santa hat and holding a red and white mug, and it’s made from ceramic.
This red Christmas sweatshirt is designed for men, and it features Pusheen the cat eating a string of popcorn off of a Christmas tree.
This plush toy features Pusheen the cat dressed up like Santa Claus, making it a fun Christmas present.
This gift set features a box filled with a Pusheen the cat coloring book, an ornament, two plush toys, and a box of crayons.
This Christmas ornament features Pusheen the cat sitting in a red and white stocking, and it’s made from soft materials.
This plush toy features Pusheen the cat wearing a Christmas wreath, making it a great gift for cat lovers.
This Christmas stocking features lots of cute images of Pusheen the cat, making it a fun addition to any mantle.
This gift set includes Pusheen the cat slippers and a coordinating sleep mask, making it great for people who travel.
This adorable plush toy features Pusheen the cat drinking

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.928796
Retrieved Text: A cat flap allows your cat to arrive and leave your home without you needing to open a door or window. These are most commonly installed in wooden doors as this is a straightforward process and it's best to consult a professional if you want to install a cat flap elsewhere. When your cat presses their body against the cat flap, this small, hinged pet door will open and allow your cat to come and go as they please. To install a cat flap, cut an opening in the door first before screwing the cat flap into place. Use treats to train your cat to get used to having their own entrance to your home!
Mark the height of your cat’s stomach on your door. Use a ruler to measure the height of your cat’s stomach from the ground. Mark this measurement on the door with a horizontal line using a pencil. Use a spirit level to make sure that the horizontal line is straight.
The measurement for most cats is approximately 4.7 in (12 cm). If you have multiple cats, use the shortest belly height as taller cats are able to crouch.
Having the cat flap installed at the right height means that your cat will be able to easily get in and out.
Find the center of the width of your door. Use a measuring tape to measure how wide the door is. Divide this measurement by 2 to find where the center point is. Mark this point along the horizontal line that you drew using an “X”

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.910001
Retrieved Text: Check out the cat-themed items from Cat Lady Box March 2019! Here’s the review + coupon code!
Check out the cat-themed items from Cat Lady Box February 2019! Here’s the review + coupon code!
Check out the cat-themed items from Cat Lady Box January 2019! Here’s the review + coupon code!
Cat Lady Box December 2018 theme is BlackCatsBox. See the review of this subscription for crazy cat ladies and their feline friends + coupon code!
CatLadyBox November 2018 theme is BlackCatsBox. See the review of this Cats In The Kitchen-themed subscription box for crazy cat ladies and their feline friends + grab coupon code!
CatLadyBox October 2018 theme is BlackCatsBox. See the review of this cat-themed subscription box for crazy cat ladies and their feline friends + grab coupon code!
Cat Lady Box June 2017 theme is MEOWLOHA! Check out my review of this fun cat-themed subscription!
Cat ladies, unite! See my May 2017 review of Cat Lady Box with the theme Cat Mom’s Day!
April 2017 Cat Lady Box was filled with “Mid Century Meowdern” items! Check out the review for details!
Calling all crazy cat ladies: March 2017 Cat Lady Box theme was “Spring Dreams.” Check out the review!
Cat Lady Box had the theme “Meowlentine’s Day” for February 2017! Check out the review of this subscription box for all the crazy cat ladies!
January 2017 Cat Lady Box theme was “Cozy & Comfy.” Check out our review to see all the items we got!
Cat Lady Box is a monthly subscription box for cats and their moms. Check out the holiday-themed items in the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.888933
Retrieved Text: All about Cats, Cat Care & Cat Breeds.
Many cat owners choose dry cat foods because they are easy to store. Also, these foods can offer a more diverse diet. Moreover, these foods are also cheaper when compared to wet cat foods. They have both pros and cons.
In fact, not any cat food is totally perfect. Depending on your needs and budget you can choose a product that is the best for you. Now, keep reading this article to discover our favorite dry cat foods on the market today. Also, we give you some essential tips on how to choose the best dry cat foods.
There is no right answer to the question which one is better than another. The fact is that premium wet and dry ones offer similar nutrition value.
The biggest difference between these types of cat foods is that the dry cat foods don’t give pets the same amount of moisture content when compared to their wet counterparts.
For cats fed with dry cat foods, it’s important to let them drink at least one cup of water in a 24 hours window. That’s why we advise you to combine both dry and wet cat food at once. Your cat should stay hydrated.
The dry dog food must match to your cat’s life stage. The fact is that cats have unique nutritional needs when growing and developing. So, you need to choose the right food accordingly. Your cat needs a balanced diet to get plenty of nutrients as well as energy for his happy life.
You may not know

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.884582
Retrieved Text: We as cat owners, we love and care for our cats and want them with us for a long time. However, we also want to have an idea of their life expectancy. This is mainly because we are somehow attached to our cats. Consequently, we do not want our cat to leave us when we are not well prepared. Because of this, it is important to know how long do cats live. We need to know the signs that will show us that our cats are almost on their final days. We also need to know the things we can do how to prolong the lives of our cats. But we need to start by knowing the factors that determine how long do cats live.
The surroundings of a cat play an instrumental role in determining the age of the cat. There are cats which live exclusively indoors and there are others which are exposed to the outdoor environment. The ones that live indoor usually live longer than the ones with outdoor exposure. This is attributed to the fact that those living outdoors are exposed to more dangers.
Some of these dangers include accidents where they are run over by cars, being attacked by other animals such as dogs and being infected with different infections which are commonly found in outdoor environments such as Feline Immunodeficiency Virus (FIV). On the other hand the cats that live indoors are protected from most of these dangers and as a result their lives tend to be longer.
The kind of foods that

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.871637
Retrieved Text: If your cats haves digestive problems, difficulty eating, or allergies, give them Royal Canin hypoallergenic selected protein cat food. This cat food has a variety of advantages and nutrients to make your cat more active and healthy despite having digestive disorders. On this occasion, we will discuss the details about this food.
When talking about Royal Canin hypoallergenic selected protein cat food, many people may already understand their cat food quality. Royal Canin is famous for its high-tech manufacturing process and long research time in producing nutritious and healthy cat foods. The products are hygienically produced and certified. They provide cat food for all ages, both for kitten and adult cats.
In fact, Royal Canin hypoallergenic selected protein cat food is claimed to have various uses compared to cat foods in general. One of the advantages is being able to provide nutrition for the cat skin and fur, so you can treat your pet’s skin from within. The presence of essential fatty acids like Omega-3 and Omega-6, coupled with zinc, biotin, and vitamin A, provides nutrients for cat’s fur. In addition, especially for cats that have allergies to certain foods, this one is able to reduce inflammation and vomiting of cats after their allergies recur. Therefore, this cat food can be a backup plan when your cat accidentally eats food that causes allergies.
In addition, this Royal Canin selected canned cat food protein has been through a feasibility test and a reliable production process. The ingredients are the result of combining healthy essential fatty acids, vitamins, and proteins, as

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.866762
Retrieved Text: My friend posted a cat video on Facebook that had such an awful, click-baity headline that it made me stand up and take notice. But not in a good way. In an “I’m going to mark this one for The Headline Project” way.
I’m against Buzzfeed-style headlines in general. Lob them onto a disappointing cat video, and you’ve got most of the things I hate about the internet. But here’s proof that there’s hope! Focus on the right part of the story, with the right headline, and you’ve got halfway decent content.
So let’s do more of that.
2 Is your kitty as smart as this little ball hunter?
3 Clever cat or genius owner? You decide.
12 When your cat can fetch like a dog, it can also feed itself. Here’s how.
18 Is your cat a hunter? Here’s how to make meals fun.
22 Monkey the cat needs to earn his food. Watch how.
24 Think your cat could play a carnival game for food like this one?
33 Think you can train a dog to eat as smart this cat does?
35 Does your kitty need to earn its food like this one?
39 What do a carnival game, a cat feeder and dieting have in common? Watch to find out.
40 This cat has to play a fun little game to earn its lunch. You might want to try this at home.
50 Think your cat is smart enough to hunt for its food like this cool kitty?
55 Who’s smarter–this cat or its owner?
57 Are you as smart as this cat or its owner? Maybe

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.854059
Retrieved Text: How to calculate the human age of a cat?
Practically, there is no mathematical formula (well at least, not a simple one) because the age of a cat does not follow a linear curve compared with the human age. Like many animals, "childhood" and "adolescence" occur much faster than humans.
Throughout his life, the cat, just like human, sees physiology, health and physical change.
age to neuter a cat: A cat can be neutered at any age but it is best to perform this castration when the animal reaches sexual maturity and before its first reports. This age is around 8 months for males.
age to sterilize a cat: A female cat can be spayed at any age but it is best to conduct this operation as soon as the animal reaches sexual maturity and before her first heat. This age is around 6 months for females.
Life expectancy of the cat: a cat can live 15 to 20 years.
a male cat : a cat !
And you, how old is your cat?
If humans had Jeanne Calment, the oldest cat in the world was a female cat named Creme Puff.
She died in 2005 in Texas (USA) at the age of 38 years (and 3 days), which would correspond to a human aged nearly 170 years !!!
The most incredible is that Jake Perry who raised Creme Puff, also had a cat of 34 years, Granpa Rexs Allen who died in 1998!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.852653
Retrieved Text: 2002 Arctic Cat Atv Service Manual Download - A Downloadable Arctic Cat ATV repair manual is a digitally transmitted book of repair instructions containing maintenance, troubleshooting, service and repair information for the off-road four-wheeler vehicle. It’s a digitally formatted handbook that covers every aspect of repair.. 2002 Arctic Cat 250 300 375 400 500 ATV Service Repair Workshop Manual This is the Complete Official Workshop Service and Repair Manual for the Arctic Cat 250 300 375 400 500 ATV. Manual Download Language:English Format:Pdf Tags: 2002 arctic cat atv service manual download, 2002 arctic cat atv service manual 19.99 USD The morons at eBay have decided that downloadable auctions are no longer allowed..
Instant download 2002 Arctic Cat 250/300/375/400/500 ATV Service Repair Workshop Manual.This manual content all service, repair, maintenance, troubleshooting procedures for Arctic Cat Machine. All major topics are covered step-by-step instruction, diagrams, illustration, wiring schematic, and specifications to repair and troubleshoot.. Arctic Cat ATV 2002 factory service manual Rating Required Select Rating 1 star (worst) 2 stars 3 stars (average) 4 stars 5 stars (best) Name. Cat Atv Workshop Repair Manual Download 2002 Arctic Cat Atv Workshop Repair Manual Download In this site is not the similar as a answer. 2002 Arctic Cat 4x4 500 Service Repair Manual December 25th, 2018 - Document Viewer Online E Book PDF EPUB 2002 Arctic.
Arctic Cat Snowmobile 2002 Service Repair Manual Download Now Complete service repair manual for 2002 Arctic Cat Snowmobile. This is the same type of service manual your local dealer will use when doing a repair for

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.849515
Retrieved Text: Header Content Region Insert text, image or banner ads here, or just delete this text and leave this area blank! Arctic Cat Snowmobile Manuals This is the BEST, most complete workshop repair and maintenance manual available anywhere on the internet!
1996 Arctic Cat ZR 580 1996 Arctic Cat ZRT 600. 1997 Arctic Cat Snowmobile Series Arctic Cat Snowmobile Manuals This is the BEST, most complete workshop repair and maintenance manual available anywhere on the internet! 1996 Arctic Cat ZR 580 1996 Arctic Cat ZRT 600. 1997 Arctic Cat Snowmobile Series Repair and Maintenance Manual. Mobile Device Ready Manual (Works with most devices, CLICK HERE and see question# 5 for A high quality PDF service manual for a Arctic Cat ZR 580 1996.
The repair manual download will show you every nut and bolt on your vehicle and will direct you on every mechanical procedure imaginable. EXT 580 1996 Arctic Cat Snowmobile; ZR 580 EFI 1996 Arctic Cat Snowmobile; ZRT 600 1996 Arctic Cat Snowmobile; ZRT 800 1996 Arctic Cat Snowmobile; 1996 Arctic Cat Snowmobile Service Manuals.
9098 Arctic Cat Snowmobile Shop Repair, Maintenance& Service Manual Part# : CS836. 1996 Arctic Cat ZR 580 EXT 580 Service Repair Shop Manual FACTORY OEM ARCTIC CAT [arctic cat on Amazon. com. FREE shipping on qualifying offers. 1996 ARCTIC CAT ZR 580 EXT 580 SERVICE MANUAL Loads of information and illustrations, covers a lot, no missing pages 1996 Arctic Cat ZR 580 EFI PDF Factory Service& Work Shop Manual Download 1996 arctic cat zr 580 efi pdf factory service& work shop manual download

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.845455
Retrieved Text: If your cat is definitely a prince or princess then by all means a fancy cat bed or a designer cat bed is definitely what your cat needs. If you have multiple cats then look at getting a cat bunk bed for them to share, or a cat bed tree. Cats like to be close and share with other cats this will give them the opportunity.
If your cat stay outside most of the time then look at getting your cat an outdoor cat bed or a cheep cat bed that you can replace every few months. Discount cat beds are also great for this reason. Don’t forget to consider pet bedding for your cat bed.
What ever your style as well as your cats needs get the bed that is right.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.844794
Retrieved Text: cat room design cat room design 4 cat playroom designs.
cat room design for example you can build them a set of stairs and climbing spaces and you can even turn a room into a playroom for the cats the living room would be a cat playroom designs.
cat room design cat room part of the center expansion cat playroom designs.
cat room design cat room design 2 cat room design ideas.
cat room design cat play room plans cat products cat toys cat furniture cat room design ideas.
cat room design cat room design 9 animal shelter cat room designs.
cat room design cat lovers room thumbs up to the cat condo at the lower left of the photo and cat themed accent pieces know if socks is meant to jump up to the copy cat chic room design.
cat room design cat room ideas cat room ideas every crazy cat lady wants to get her hands on cat room cat room design ideas.
cat room design rendition 3 cat playroom designs.
cat room design collect this idea cat cocoon cat shelter room design.
cat room design save cat room design game.
cat room design cat home cat playroom designs.
cat room design modern cat furniture by cat shelter room design.
cat room design cat furniture set modular hangouts for walls ceilings copy cat chic room design.
cat room design cat room could then be connected to a and a small corner indoor cat room design.
cat room design that featured here on including the yellow step shelves which add a splash of color and create perfect cat walkways cat

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.843566
Retrieved Text: Home » Hammock » Cat In A Hammock » Cat In A Hammock #3 My Friend Has A Hammock For Their Cat .
Hello guys, this picture is about Cat In A Hammock #3 My Friend Has A Hammock For Their Cat .. This photo is a image/jpeg and the resolution of this photo is 1536 x 1152. This blog post's file size is only 220 KB. Wether You decided to save It to Your computer, you have to Click here. You might too download more attachments by clicking the following picture or read more at this post: Cat In A Hammock.
Few would agree that there is something generally known as Cat In A Hammock #3 My Friend Has A Hammock For Their Cat .. Every human eye is trained for surfaces that are regular in almost any toilet no matter how excellent the look is.
What sort of Cat In A Hammock #3 My Friend Has A Hammock For Their Cat . is available nowadays? There are numerous unlimited ideas as it pertains to decorating bathroom walls. Designing the walls of this type can be carried out simply by painting using a specific theme that may make the room look larger than it is actually.
The surfaces generally of well-maintained bathrooms are sometimes concealed with gorgeous tile ornaments up to the ceiling or generally plain and simple. This together with the accurate combination of toilet roof lights will help in creating a good knowledge.
Today, with the use of showcases getting more and more preferred, decorating suggestions are increasingly

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.835506
Retrieved Text: Give your cat its own garden home with the Tiger Deluxe Cat Cabin. Your cat will find this cabin safe, secure, and protected from the elements.
Give your cat its own garden home with the Tiger Deluxe Cat Cabin. Your cat will find this cabin safe, secure, and protected from the elements. The Tiger Deluxe Cat Cabin is made from strong 28mm finish interlocking logs emphasising fantastic stability and security. The roof is covered with a layer of heavy duty green mineral felt for additional warmth and protection. The cat flap on the front is the ideal entrance / exit with a maximum pet shoulder width of 147mm. The cat flap takes cats up to 7kg (15lb) in weight or small dogs up to 3kg (7lb) in weight.
THIS OUTDOOR CAT HOUSE features high-grade 28mm interlocking planned and finished logs – beware of cat houses that feature rough edged boards machined from poor quality timber.
THIS OUTDOOR CAT HOUSE features a specially designed 4-way chamfered notch-joint system ensuring a tight fit to all boards with no room for damp or wind penetration – beware of wooden cat houses that feature square cut logs with square notch-joint, often leaving a sloppy joint with large visible gaps.
THIS OUTDOOR CAT HOUSE features heavy duty green mineral roofing felt as standard – beware of outdoor cat cabins that come with no roof covering, leaving the cabin completely open to the elements.
THIS OUTDOOR CAT HOUSE features a generous all round roof overhang which protects the building from severe conditions – beware of cat homes

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.831845
Retrieved Text: A Quick Guide To Bordetella & Your Cat - what is causing your dog to vomit?
Bordetella is a disease that affects the respiratory systems of cats, has very serious consequences and can spread rather quickly. Here is what you need to know about bordetella as a cat owner.
Bordetella is spread easily because it is transmitted through the air. When a cat that is infected with bordetella breathes around non-infected animals, the disease can be spread through the droplets in the air that the cat exhales. It can also be spread through the cats spits and howls, as well as their saliva. Basically, if the cat breathes or releases saliva anywhere, another cat can catch bordetella.
A cat doesn't have to have physical symptoms to infect another cat, it just has to carry the disease.
The best way to protect your cat from catching bordetella is by getting the bordetella vaccination for your cat. It is a simple vaccination that only requires a single shot, and will be effective for your cat's entire lifespan. This is a great vaccination to get for your cat since it provides life-long protection.
This vaccination is especially important if you have an outside cat, board your cat or ever let other people bring their cats to your home. If your cat is an indoor only cat and how no interaction with other cats and you never board them when you go on vacation, it is less essential that your cat get this vaccination since Bordetella is spread from one cat to another.
It is a

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.828042
Retrieved Text: Fool to Fool hi hota hai.
This cat, is cat, a cat, good cat, way cat, to cat, keep cat, an cat, idiot cat, busy cat, for cat,20 cat, seconds cat !... Now read it without the word cat.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.82374
Retrieved Text: Cat Mate Electromagnetic Automatic Cat Door Review - Is It Effective?
Cat Mate Electromagnetic is a cat door that gives your pet the freedom to exit and enter the house as many times he/she wants, enjoying the outdoor and relieving you from the “doorman” duty.
Cat Mate pet door gives a reliable solution because it identifies your cat with electromagnetic technology and allows it to enter the house without letting stray pets or other animals to enter the house. The door recognizes your cat through a small magnet that doubles as an identification tag that your cat wears in its collar. A sensitive circuit located in the control panel senses your cat tag and allows it to get in.
The unit features the 4-Way locking: 2-way, Only-in, Only-out, Locked. Frame lining to 2 3/8” (60mm) ideal for all doors. Control Panel uses one 9-volt battery not included.
Cat Mate Electromagnetic cat door includes two compact magnets that go attached to your cat’s existing collar similar to a name tag.
The Cat Mate cat door detects the field of a super compact magnet the cat wears in its collar and unlocks a latch that allows the cat to enter the house from the outside by pushing the door with its nose or head to get in. Once the cat gets inside, the door returns to its normal position to get locked.
2-way: The cat wearing the magnet on its collar can exit and enter the cat door. The cat only needs to wear the magnet when entering the door but not when getting

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.816997
Retrieved Text: Simple Pixie Bob Cat 43 In Home Design Planning with Pixie Bob Cat is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at July 8, 2018 upload by Admin in .
Simple Pixie Bob Cat 43 In Home Design Planning with Pixie Bob Cat - We hope that , by posting this Simple Pixie Bob Cat 43 In Home Design Planning with Pixie Bob Cat , we can fulfill your needs of inspiration for designing your home. If you need more ideas toLive For Exploration Cat, you can check at our collection right below this post.
About The Pixie Bob Cat Breeds | Bob Cat – YouTube – is a free Complete Home Decoration Ideas Gallery posted at . This About The Pixie Bob Cat Breeds | Bob Cat – YouTube was posted in hope that we can give you an inspiration to Remodel your Home. This article can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right decoration for your home. This About The Pixie Bob Cat Breeds | Bob Cat – YouTube This maybe your best option to decor , because having a home with our own design is everyone’s dream.
We hope that , by posting this About The Pixie Bob Cat Breeds | Bob Cat – YouTube ideas , we can fulfill your needs of inspiration for designing your home. If you need more ideas to Design a Home , you can check at our collection right below this post. Also , don’t forget to always visit Best About The Pixie Bob Cat Breeds

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.816968
Retrieved Text: Cat vaccinations are essential to keep your cat protected against diseases like cat flu and enteritis. If they are indoor cats, they will need the core vaccines cat flu and enteritis, as both these can be tranmitted by owners, but they won't need Feline Leukaemia (FeLV) vaccination, as this is passed from cat to cat via cat saliva, usually due to a cat bite or sharing food bowls.
However, all too often especially in the warmer weather, cats will make a bid for freedom - for example, through an open window, like the cat shown below - so they will potentially contact other cats while outside.
Also, if you have a stray or feral cat coming in through your cat flap and eating your cat's food, this will also pose a risk to your cat. The best way to prevent this is by installing a microchip operated cat flap.
For more information about cat vaccinations, click here or contact the surgery on 01773 832218.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.803719
Retrieved Text: The Norwegian Forest Cat is said to have traveled with the Vikings on their ships and reference is made to this cat breed in Viking mythology and legend.
Another name for the Norwegian Forest Cat is Skogkatt or Norsk Skogkatt and it’s strong body and thick fur is a perfect example of how an animal can adapt to climate and surroundings.
At the start of the 20th century, this cat breed was becoming increasingly rare and was at risk of extinction. Breeding programs were started to ensure the future of the Norwegian Forest Cat, but WWII interrupted the progress.
In the 1970’s the Norwegians again started a special breeding program and the late King Olaf designated it the official cat of Norway. In 1979 the first breeding pair was imported into the USA and TICA granted championship status to the Norwegian Forest Cat in 1984.
The Norwegian Forest Cat is a large, muscular cat whose looks are deceiving – this cat is very agile and strong making it a natural hunter.
The ears are large, wide at the base and arch forward on a head that is shaped like an equilateral triangle. The eyes are almond shaped and large, giving the cat an expressive look. The tail is long and flowing.
The coat of the Norwegian Forest Cat comes in all colors and patterns. A dense undercoat developed to help keep the cat warm in the Scandinavian climate and the top coat is water resistant and semi-long. In summertime, the coat is shorter but still water resistant.
Even though this cat breed has

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.803178
Retrieved Text: Training your cat may sometimes be avoided by owners because of the nature of cats. However, training your cat is not only possible, but also is becoming more popular in order to make the cat and your household easier to live in. Because of the behaviors of cats, there are several techniques that can be used to train your cat without becoming frustrated and without punishing your cat.
The best way to train a cat is to understand their behavior and instinct. Most cats are intelligent creatures that react strongly to their environment. Some of this is naturally done by their instincts and survival methods that have been used. The behaviors of cats are also best to use when training a cat. They are highly sensitive to things such as environment, sound and smell. These behavioral reactions can be used to your benefit when training a cat.
One of the things that most cat owners want to learn is how to train a cat to use a litter box. The first step in making sure that they will be trained in this is by building an environment that they will be attracted to. This means an area that is private, easy to get to as well as clean. Kitty litter is the best thing to use, because cats are naturally attracted to raking things as a survival instinct so that they leave no scent behind. By knowing their behaviors, as well as making the right environment for them, it will be easier to train them. The next thing

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.799724
Retrieved Text: Jan 12, 2012 . Download instantly on tradebit.com. http://www.tradebit.com/visit.php/220658/ product/-/117877606 2011 Arctic Cat 450 550 650 700 1000 ATV .
Oct 18, 2011 . Arctic Cat 150 Limiters Removed [42 mph] 1:21. Watch Later Error Arctic Cat 150 Limiters Removed [42 mph]by xX420ChronicXxFeatured .
Nov 16, 2011 . http://www.tradebit.com/visit.php/183226/product/-/93592989-arctic-cat-atv-2010- 400-550-650 IMPROVED PDF manuals have: Bookmarks Sub .
Arctic Cat ATV Microfiche Links . Air Cleaner/Filter (TBX/500/650 H1/650 V- Twin)... 2-11 . Specifications (400 - Manual Transmission).
English (US); |; Special Offers; |; Email Sign Up. Arctic Cat; Sleds; ATVs; Side By Sides; Arctic Store; Find A Dealer · About Arctic Cat .
2012 650 Digital Copy - Arctic Cat, Inc.
Find the 2012 650 Digital Copy at the Arctic Cat, Inc. online store. . Arctic Cat Logo. Online Store. Arctic Cat Home . ATVs arrows Digital Manuals arrows .
Find out more about the Power Wheels ARCTIC CAT 650 from the official . This is one cool CAT, designed for real driving adventure! . Download the manual .
Arctic Cat 400-1000 4�4 Atv 2010 Service Repair Manual Arctic Cat 450-1000 4� 4 Atv 2011 Service Repair Manual Arctic Cat 650 Twin Atv 2004 Service Repair .
Oct 9, 2010 . Hey guys I am wondering if any one has a on line manual or a link to one for a Arctic Cat 650 06 or 07 it's a buddies and I'm trying to find a .
Sep 23, 2011 . I'm looking at buying a 2006 Prowler 650 and want to get the most out of the machine as . Arctic Cat Prowler Performance Discussions Arctic

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.792169
Retrieved Text: Ethernet cables provide a stable internet connection between electrical devices, which are standardized cables to facilitate easy communication between disparate electronic equipment. These electronic devices can either be fax machines, printers, scanners, or personal computers. Ethernet cables can be categorized into several types based on different specifications. Category 7 Ethernet cable, also refers to Cat 7, which is the wire used for cabling infrastructure of Gigabit Ethernet. it is known that Cat7 is the more expensive option compared to Cat 5e and Cat 6 cables. Users might be wondering whether it is worth the extra money to consider Cat 7 cables. The answer to this solution will be clearly introduced in this passage.
The Cat 7 cable refers to the transmission cord standard cable used in the 10G Ethernet and other Cat 5/Cat 6 downhill compatible networks. The Cat 7 cable is an 8-core safeguarded cable that each pair of cable has a shield. The program of Cat 7 cables is incompatible with RJ45. A Cat 7 cables can offer the performance of up to 600MHz, which is 6 times as fast as cat 5e and 2. 4 times as fast as cat 6. Besides this, Cat 7 cable, whilst being the more expensive option, is also considered the most durable, and has a longer lifespan than Cat 5 and Cat 6, improving its overall return on investment, and is the best choice for wiring with the future in mind.
The mostly used Ethernet cables are not a brand name or generic, they are separated into different standard

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.790792
Retrieved Text: And so begins the search for competitive products in the market, the first search could only be “Best Cat Tree”. This is certainly not a new industry, with lots of entrenched brands already in the marketplace for many years. We needed to make sure we do a detailed analysis of the product offerings out there. We also knew we wanted to create a blog about the current offerings, but didn’t have a lot of time ourselves. We decided to hire a blog article writing company to help us prepare a 1500 word blog about the top selling cat trees in the market currently. The pre-requisites were that they could not duplicate the same brand multiple times on this list, and could not restrict the list strictly to Amazon sales. There are just too many blogs out there on the same topic, and it was repetitive. However it can’t be denied that Amazon is the biggest marketplace in the world, so we just asked the company to find part of the findings from Amazon and the other half from Petsmart. We hired the cheapest writer we could just so we could get the baseline research out of the way and this is what they found and the article they wrote. If anyone is interested in the writing company we used we are happy to share, but we don’t think they are good enough to provide a link here. We were barely satisfied with the result, but we will accept it.
If you have had to bring your feline

================



======= Instance Index 52 =========
Input Text: Given that B: uh, but it's worked out for my family, to have my cake and eat it too, kind of thing. A: Yeah.  Yeah, that's a good deal. Where do you think this is going in the future, I mean, do you think things are going to change, Therefore, it must be true that "things are going to change"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Maybe

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.680834
Retrieved Text: We all have many dreams for our future. Some we know about, some we are not even aware of, yet. But there is one dream in you, that, if you can locate and recognize it, your life will become more illuminated. You will feel happier with life. You will think clearer. Things will suddenly becomeeasy to do. Work that was getting hard to do, such as, chores will become a breeze to do.
We all have that ONE dream within us.
Some of us have known what it is since we were very little. Others discover it later in life. Some never see it and will pass away without even realizing they had a dream. Just being aware of it could have changed their life.
If you can find this dream, you will feel relieved. Maybe, you will cry. But relief will follow the tears. Next, if you can conceive that you can one day achieve it, this will bring you happiness. Then, if you can start doing things, even little things that will bring you closer to accomplishing it, your life will change.
It is not the realization of the dream that will make your life change. Although, this will probably happen, too.
It is each thing that you are going to do to make it happen and this is going to change your outcome in life. This is going to change your attitude towards life. It is going to change your actions and it will change your direction in life.
This is what is going to change your life.
Your dream

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.554315
Retrieved Text: My wife & I had an interesting conversation about New Year's Resolutions a few days ago and we both came to the same conclusion.
We're not making any this year.
It all started when we were complaining about how crowded the gym is going to be for the next 3-4 weeks. All of the New Year's Resolution folks will flood the place. Then, when they've used up all of their motivation, things will thin out again.
Now I'm well aware of things that I plan to change about myself. Some of them are new, some are things I've been working on for a long time.
There are things I want to do and things I want to stop doing.
But I've decided I'm not going to use January 1 as an arbitrary start date for any of them.
At any time I choose, I can do things and change things.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.455522
Retrieved Text: 2011 has been, well, interesting. There have been a lot of things to adjust to this year in all aspects of my life. My bff moved from MI to AZ, my tutoring business blossomed more than I ever imagined, Brendan and I are adjusting to longevity, along with all of the other things life threw at me this year.
Normally I let this stuff get to me...and I did this year. I often blame myself for things that happen, assuming that I could have done something differently or could have prevented something from happening (hindsight bias at its best). But honestly, things happened the way they did because, well, they did. And there is nothing I can do to change any of it. Nor can I take on the stress and responsibility of thinking that I can.
This year, I am not going to try to control my life. I am also going to stop hating myself (another blog about that soon...), which will in turn positively affect my attitude about others. Change should not only happen when the new year starts, but the new year a good excuse to execute the change that is needed.
Next year is going to bring more change and adjustments too...Brendan is graduating, we are going to start looking for houses, my business, etc. But I am not going to let the inconsistency and unpredictability of life dictate and control my attitude about myself. It is time to go back to the "old" me. I don't like what I have become and I

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.362231
Retrieved Text: Things come, and things go. We can say that about almost everything in life. Money is earned and then spent. Clothes are bought and then worn out. Even people are born and then die. Things come, and things go.
Everything, that is, except for God. The psalmist gives us a beautiful, stark contrast in these verses of Psalm 102. Everything in creation will perish, but the Creator remains. All of it wears out like a garment, but he remains the same. Everything else has an expiration date, but God’s years will never end. Our God is constant and everlasting. He is eternal and unchanging.
Why is that such a beautiful truth? It’s because of who God is. He is a God of love. He’s always been that way, and that’s not going to change. He is a God of mercy. He’s always been that way, and that’s not going to change. He’s a God of grace. He’s always been that way, and that’s not going to change. He’s a God who desires to save sinners. He’s always been that way, and that’s not going to change.
That’s why we see his Son lying in a manger on Christmas night. It’s because our unchanging God of love and mercy and grace, who desires to save sinners, turned that unchanging desire into an unchanging promise and then that unchanging promise into an unchanging reality. His Son was lying in that manger on Christmas night as the full embodiment of his unchanging love and mercy and grace, because his Son was lying

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.324983
Retrieved Text: Change intrudes on everyone. We like to think we have control...like we can keep things from changing, but this is an unrealistic view of life. If we truly think we can keep the circumstances in our lives from changing then we are going to meet disappointment early and often in life.
Change has a way impacting our attitudes doesn't it? Its amazing how quickly we can get sour when something changes. Paul is saying, "Don't let that be you." God's goodness and generosity towards His people does not change even though our circumstances (health, jobs, church, family members) will.
If our attitude takes a nose dive, it could be an indication that we are being selfish. I remember when my boys learned how to walk...that was a big change. For several months, we could put then in a certain spot, walk away to do something, come back and find them right were we left them. Things changed when they started walking! Once those legs started working, we started spending most of our time trying to keep up with them. Sure, it was easier when they were infants, but it would have been selfish of me (even cruel) to not let them learn how to walk. That's how it is with change. Many times the changes that make us work harder are for someone else's growth. If we fight those changes, then we come off looking pretty selfish.
No matter what changes take place on this planet, they will never fix what is broken. We need it to be that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.3039665
Retrieved Text: Leading today is like navigating a ship. So many things that effect your journey are out of your control. No matter how hard the winds of change blow, you can always adjust your sails. People don’t hate change – they hate the uncertainty that usually accompanies change.
It can seem sometimes like your industry is the only one going through profound change. People who attend this seminar will realize that change is happening everywhere, and how their ability to handle that change has a direct connection to their stress and heath.
Identify Your Purpose. If you don’t know what you are trying to accomplish with your career and your life, how do you know what direction to steer your ship?
Focus on Things You Can Control. You only have so much time and energy. Don’t waste it worrying about, talking about, or complaining about things you can’t control.
Keep the Main Thing the Main Thing. Focusing on what is most important makes change navigation much easier.
Lighten Up. The same people that have trouble handling change have trouble handling everything. Learn to relax and laugh at yourself and your circumstances and see if navigating change doesn’t become easier.
With all of the changes going on in your industry, this seminar will not only help you get to where you want to go faster than you imagined, it may be crucial to your survival!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.281946
Retrieved Text: Who Do You Need to Become To Quit Drinking Alcohol?
One of the best parts about quitting drinking alcohol is that you necessarily have to change many parts of your life to accommodate your new self. Think about this. This is a wonderful opportunity to get a fresh start, to become the person who you really want to be.
On the other side of the coin, in order to get to that place where you never look at alcohol again, never desire another drunken night, you have to become a different person… It’s necessary… you have to alter your thinking on a very fundamental level.
In this video I talk about changing on the inside which precipitates change on the outside. How to push yourself to take those actions and how it all begins with altering your thoughts.
Change happens first on the inside. You have to change the inside if you want to change the outside. If you want to change your life on the outside and how things are panning out for you on the outside, you’ve got to first change what happens on the inside.
You’re thoughts, mentality, your mindsets, your perceptions, the frames that you look at life through, all these things have got to change if you want to change how they affect your life on the outside.
I am not saying that your actions don’t influence your thoughts, but first you have to have the spark of the thought to push you in that general direction. So it’s always going to follow that it’s thought first,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.268933
Retrieved Text: Life has a way of teaching us things we need to know. From our first experience of touching the red hot stove, to learning the hard way about obeying the speed limit, there seems to be a never ending opportunity for learning.
One of the great teachers in life: CHANGE.
If you’re anything like me, you maybe find yourself okay with the idea of change, until something you didn’t want to change ends up…changing.
Maybe you’re there right now?
In my own life there have been multiple seasons of change. There have been things that I have faced that I wasn’t expecting and didn’t sign up for. As I have looked back over these moments, I realize that without Jesus they could have easily crushed me. I’ve learned through multiple seasons of change that God is both GOOD and FAITHFUL – no matter what the circumstances might look like or feel like.
Here is the question: What do I do with change?
I believe that change in our lives can be a powerful teacher if we allow it to be.
Change is a reminder that we are not in control.
Right off the top, I believe this is why change is so difficult for all of us. We are reminded that there are things that are out of our control. And if we are willing to be honest with ourselves, none of us enjoy the feeling of not being in control. We all like things a specific way. We all have preferences. We all know that Jesus has a favorite football team (Go Seahawks!).
But

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.243968
Retrieved Text: If only I had done this, that would have happened.
If only I hadn’t done this, then those wouldn’t be needed.
If only’s are no good though. Saying “If Only” won’t change anything. If we should have said that, we would have. If we should have done that, we would have. Don’t panic over it. It’s done. Or not in some cases. Is stressing over it going to make a difference? No. Is it going to make you happy? No. Is it going to make things better? No. Is it going to keep you upset? Yes.
So try not to stress over things you cannot change. All you can do is make the best of a bad situation.
I hope your weekend is good for you.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.171759
Retrieved Text: Throughout the Bible, we have examples of how God suddenly showed Himself strong on behalf of His people. But sometimes when we’ve struggled in an area for a long time, it’s easy to just give up and accept things the way they are. One of the enemy’s favorite lies is to tell you that nothing is ever going to change. He’ll tell you that you’re never going to get well, that your marriage isn’t going to work out, that you’re never going to break that addiction. But I want to tell you today, it doesn’t matter how long you’ve been in those circumstances, God can change things in an instant! In a split second of time, He can turn it all around. One touch of God’s power can heal your body. One touch of His favor can promote you. One touch of His goodness can solve that problem. Just one touch from Almighty God can instantly change your life.
I encourage you today, keep believing, keep standing, and keep hoping. Don’t let the enemy drag your thoughts down because God is working behind the scenes. Your time is coming, and I declare that your breakthrough is going to happen suddenly — in an instant!
Father in heaven, I choose to trust that You are working things out for my good. I choose to stand in faith, believing that my season of breakthrough is coming. Give me Your strength and peace as I patiently wait on You in Jesus’ name. Amen.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.112899
Retrieved Text: One of the things that becomes more and more apparent is that the metaphor of “Square Wheels” can be everyday language of performance improvement. Things that are “Square Wheels” are simply the things that do now work smoothly. A process can work, but things can always be improved.
We get, for example, occasional comments from customers that they cannot immediately download one of the toolkits on our shopping cart or that there is a problem of some type. The issue revolves around one of two things, apparently. Sometimes we update the zip-compressed file and we somehow change the name from “Square Wheels Facilitation Toolkit.zip” to SquareWheels Facilitation Toolkit.zip.” We just miss it! That feedback happens once and we try to immediately change the file name to align with the structure of the cart.
Much more common is the reality that the credit card might not be approved immediately — our transaction processor really wants to be sure that the card used is legitimate and since our little business is completely international these days, they might apparently do a bit more electronic validation, even though we have had only a small number of bogus transactions over the years. Can I hear a thump thump?
What seems pretty scary going forward is that the laws on state taxation of internet transactions is going to muddy things up a bit.
After all, we all know that the Square Wheels are really Everywhere! Right?
← Is Daylight Savings the Time for Change?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.112563
Retrieved Text: This video is going to show you how to edit the product listings you have on your Woocommerce website.
So we’re going to pick this product. Actually, you know what, we’re going to go with one that has some variable things in here. Alright. So, we’re going to pick this product. I’m going to click “edit product” not “edit with [inaudible 00:00:21]”. And just going to explain some of the things over here. So, first thing for your product’s meta title tags and meta descriptions, the things that are going to show up on Google, this plugin right here will allow you to set them. So, type in whatever it is that you want. This bar should turn green so keep an eye on that. Don’t let it turn red. That means you’ve written too much. You need to dial it back then. As we get down here these are the things that you’re most likely going to be handling the most. So, first thing, for you to change this stuff right here, the short description, that is found all the way at the bottom of the page right here. It says “product short description”. You just type your changes and then hit “update”. With the stuff that goes into this section right here, these attributes. The stuff that goes below the “add to cart” button. You’re going to go right here to “attributes”, pick whatever it is. Here we have size, color, and prices. So to handle the prices stuff this is where you’re going to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.06417
Retrieved Text: The present state of mind in this world is something that is going to work well with the entire process. One should be sure that they are getting all that they need and then working with the deals as they are moving along.
Through this system we have to be sure that we are getting all that we have and then some.
This is where you have to work to the best of your ability and then allow for some change.
You are going to be in a constant state of learning whether you like it or not. That is something that is more appealing as a whole and then you have to work the system to the best of their ability as well. This will be positive for all.
However, one should note that when you are taking this to the right level then you can work the system for the best.
Many have learned that by developing this section in their mind they are going to have the most appealing source for information and all of that through the deal. That will help them out for the best.
This will be a method that will tackle the entire deal and then allow you to see what you need to be doing. There is going to be a time in your life when you are making the change and then working the process to the right place.
That will manage the entire deal to the right situation and then make the change and such.
Many people have learned that they are going to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.054237
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON, March 3, 2018: Here we go again. Just when we thought things wouldn’t change, they did. Change seemingly always happen, despite the many times you heard or said they would not. Like death and taxes, transition in life is a guarantee.
How are you with coping with change? Do you face new beginning trepidation? How are you with endings?
Throughout the different stages of life – life’s transitions – we all have to face them, deal with them and get through them.
One thing I’ve learned over the years is that what you resist persists. While other societies prepare people for change and transitions, we need to do a better job preparing ourselves instead of it feeling like we face a daunting task. Life transitions do not have to be daunting. Know that every transition begins with an ending.
Waiting out the storm: Hints for keeping stress under control.
During life’s transitions, it is important that we let go of the old before we pick up the new. Dealing with things both outwardly and inwardly has to occur for a healthy transition period to follow.
Outward changes can be made, such as moving from one home to another, a new job, and new relationships. Inward changes are harder: in the example about moving, we must deal with what comes along with a move, such as our connections to people and familiarity with the new location.
Another example: I’ve been working with people going through life (separation, divorce) and career transitions. People feel they can adequately prepare by having their finances in order,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.048685
Retrieved Text: There is always one thing that ruins your whole mood. It’s crazy how one little thing can change everything! Especially when your life is going so well. It’s like that saying “it’s too good to be true.” Anyways, it doesn’t take much for certain things to ruin your mood.
For example, you could’ve got good news about getting a job promotion. You’re excited to tell your close family, friends, and your significant other. The first person you call about the news is your significant other. Before you can tell the news, your boyfriend or girlfriend wants to break up with you. Your feelings are crushed. Your whole mood is ruined. You see how quick everything can change your mood?
Life has a funny way of changing like that. Most of the time we are confused to why bad things are happening. You start to feel like bad luck follows you. That’s not the case though. The bad events that happen in your life is to teach you lessons. Learning from those lessons helps you become wiser. Change is not always a bad thing. Accept changes that come into your life.
Your mood affects everything around you. You’ll notice it in the way you start physically doing things. Also, the way you do things mentally. Don’t let one event in your life take control. Moods are only temporary. Keep that in mind. So, tell me how has one event in your life change your mood or mindset? Let’s get this discussion going in the comment section.
Why Glorify being a Hoe?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.033613
Retrieved Text: Marketers have one main goal in mind with SEO. The main goal is to constantly change the playbook. The game might not change. The rules do though. With each passing years there have already been some mass changes when it comes to SEO and the way marketers handle things.
Well, things are about to change in a very big way and here’s how!
About 60% of all users do their internet searching on their mobile devices. This we already know. Well, about 84% of all users use the app store for their browsing. Take a look some time at your local app store online. It reads like a Yahoo page did about 20 years ago. Due to this bit of knowledge, a better app store is about to be unleashed. This will change the way people search for things online. Instead of using the traditional searches, an app is going to be its replacement.
Well, your social networking and applications are about to change in a big way too. People are using services like Twitter, Facebook, and even Snapchat for content searches. All the things you can do with your Google search, it can now be done on places like Facebook and Twitter, even Instagram.
The other change on their social platforms involves the “no pass-through”. In the past, people and businesses have been able to walk away from things much more quickly, especially on things that are unrelated to what the want. This is not going to be the case as much anymore. This is where the “no pass-through”

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.030615
Retrieved Text: In this day and age of feminism and “wokeness,” it’s sometimes hard to believe that double standards still exist. At least, I’ve heard that’s the case if you’re a man.
If you’re a woman, these 10 incidents probably aren’t going to surprise you. But they’re still going to make you mad.
“Search my bag as I leave the store? How about all the older people than myself that you let stroll on by without bag checking?
“Woman taking care of her children without her partner = nothing special.
Man taking care of his children without his partner = babysitting.
“Woman: here are things about you I don’t like, you need to change.
Man: Ok, here are some things you should change.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.019094
Retrieved Text: If you look at the world we live in today, there are definitely some things I would like to change. Don’t worry, I am not going to change this blog into some kind of political statement. But let’s be honest, the world we live in today has it’s good things, but also things that should absolutely be different. What if you somehow had the power to change things? What would you change, and if you changed things, would it really be better? Intriguing question are they not? The Anime series Eden of the East, takes this interesting premise for a spin, and it has resulted into one of the most unique Animeseries I have seen to date.
This Anime series is without a doubt the most original series I have seen so far. I highly recommend it, especially if you like Animeseries that are different from the usual ones.
I give Eden of the East a 9 out of 10 score.
Wow, that plot does sound really unique. Definitely going to add this to my list!
Glad you enjoyed this series as it is one my favourites because it just feels a bit different from the norm. I’ve got the movies (came with the series) but haven’t yet watched them. They are on my list for my next break from work to watch.
Looking forward to your thougths on the movies.
Love this show! It’s usually not the type of thing I’m eager to pick up to be honest, but I devoured the whole series. Great review!
We are definitely of a like

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.009326
Retrieved Text: My brothers pressured me to give up my small inheritance entirely. I could do with that money right now. They’re spending it on travel while I’m stuck here, taking care of my family. I should be relaxing on a beach somewhere. Everyday, I get up, cook, clean, and whatever needs to be done in this house, no matter how tired I am. My brothers don’t care about me.
Until things change in this country, women like me are going to continue to feel helpless and bitter because of gender inequality in inheritance. Whereas daughters inherit half of the estate, sons inherit twice as much. I inherited half because I’m a sole daughter. Had I sisters, collectively, we would each inherit two thirds. That hardly seems fair. When are things going to change? When is there going to be gender equality in inheritance?
I hear the baby crying. I wish I could spend a longer time watching the sunrise but duty calls. I turn and after going over to the bed to check on my husband, I leave the room to tend to our daughter. I hope that by the time she becomes an adult that there will finally be a change where she will be granted equal inheritance rights.
This story was inspired by an article I read. In Tunisia, there is a law which limits daughters’ inheritance rights and provides that sons inherit twice as much as daughters. Equality Now is taking action to change this.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.00864
Retrieved Text: Why are all these meets going ahead with this schedule for next weekend (February 8-9)??? This is so silly!!! It's going to be 65 degrees on Tuesday afternoon, why not run then?? If these coaches don't come together and make the smart decision TODAY then so many teams will be competing in outdoor Regional championships on a day when the HIs are in the mid 40s and there could be rain or snow! Move things now, this change will help the student athletes.
Why are all these meets going ahead with this schedule for next weekend (February 8-9)???
This is so silly!!! It's going to be 65 degrees on Tuesday afternoon, why not run then??
If these coaches don't come together and make the smart decision TODAY then so many teams will be competing in outdoor Regional championships on a day when the HIs are in the mid 40s and there could be rain or snow!
Move things now, this change will help the student athletes.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.994107
Retrieved Text: In the US market, transportation and warehouse costs are going up, up, up. Supply Chain shipper managers are being asked to find ways to save money. There will be thoughts of network changes, carrier changes, and administrative changes. A period of rough sledding is ahead but let us remember, the issues of the moment, will not last forever.
We are in a period of transportation supply shortage, a era of warehouses being full, and era of market changes in the supply change. How many stories on last mile deliveries, Amazon, robots and blockchain software have you read? There is no shortage of supply of challenges, are there?
It is appropriate to ask: What can be done to improve my operation? Will spending the money make things better?
When you are going through these issues, remember that time those not stand still. What happened the last time transportation prices rose rapidly? A few years later, they were dropping. With US tax cuts, there will be a lot of financial stimulus to the economy. The chances of inflation increases are high. In almost any prosperity, there are the drivers for the next downturn of the economy.
If your business is looking good over the next year, respond to the market. But remember things change and there will be a time when things will not be as good. Plan for resiliency for those changes. Meet the challenges of good economy but remember things can change.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.97785
Retrieved Text: If there’s one thing in life that we ALL have in common it’s the fact that we get beat down every single stinking day. Maybe not physically, well I hope not physically, but we do mentally. It causes major wear and tear on our bodies and minds; we end up becoming as bitter and hateful as those who do it to us.
Then we repeat the cycle and end up throwing the same nonsense that gets thrown at us, sometimes at people that don’t even deserve it. Some of us really don’t know HOW to handle stress and anxiety, and even the best of us get caught up in the moment.
I heard somewhere that the smaller your circle is, the less stress and problems you’re going to face. While this can be true, if you have to deal with others you’re always going to have some kind of problem.
Life shouldn’t be about avoiding others; it should be about embracing others and find the GOOD inside of others and learning from them and sharing your own learning lessons.
This life is about learning, because at the end of the day it’s not about how many toys you have, it’s about what you’ve learned.
We don’t take anything to the next life with us, we all come and go the same, no matter how rich or powerful you are, we all come and go the same way. The problem is how do we learn to actually embrace people when we feel like we’ve been torn apart by so many people.
Well that’s

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.975918
Retrieved Text: Wishers want things to be different and wait patiently for that successful change to come. They believe in magic fairies.
Worriers fear the worst and imagine all the terrible things that are going to happen if things don’t change. They believe in monsters.
Warriors take action on their wishes, slay the dragons of their worries and fight for their lives. They believe in work.
If you want to transform your life or business, be a warrior.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.928979
Retrieved Text: I struggle with worry. I used to think it was natural but worry is like a rash. It starts out small but, before you know it, it becomes an epidemic. And you still have the rash.
I’ve been thinking about what my worry has ever accomplished, and I have yet to come up with a single thing. I’ve worried about things that never happened. I’ve worried about things that happened in spite of worrying that they might happen, and I’ve failed to worry about things that happened that I never even considered. The one thing they have in common is that they all accomplished a big fat nothing.
So I’ve decided it’s time for a change. I’ve never been one to make a New Year’s resolution because they’ve always seemed pointless and short-lived but I’ve decided it’s time I made a mid-year resolution. No one expects it, it seems more inspired, and hopefully it’ll be the beginning of a lasting and positive change.
I’ve realized that I’ve always thought worry would lead to solving problems when in actual fact it’s concern that leads to solving problems. Concern mobilizes; worry paralyses. Believe me, I know the difference.
So, whenever I catch myself worrying, I’m going to write down what I’m worried about and see if there’s anything I can do about it. If the answer is yes, then I’m going to write down what I’m going to do, and a deadline to do it, and then stop thinking about it. And, if the answer is no, I’m going to stop thinking

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.911176
Retrieved Text: Okay, to go and override a BootStrap style, firstly you need to figure out which one you want to override. So I'm going to insert a button and then figure out the style name. so I'm going to go insert, button, and remember when we looked earlier we found a class called btn-danger and I like it, I want to use it but I want to change the background colour, I don’t want it to be red. So what we are going to do is we are going to use this thing here and I'm going to select it all and copy it and I'm going to go to my BootStrap.css, this big mammoth thing. Somewhere in there is the style that makes btn danger big and red with white text. Now I don’t want to go searching for it manually. Lets go to edit, lets go to find and type it in here, click find next and there it is there. So what I want to do is grab this whole class an d you’ve got to make sure you grab the curly braces. There one in the beginning here and one at the end. And hit copy, so I'm going to go to edit, copy. Then I'm going to jump to my css, my nice clean empty css. And we are going to override it here.
So I'm going to paste it in using edit paste and make sure I've got my curly braces, which have come along for the ride. And theres my btn-danger

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.910256
Retrieved Text: Red Cup Agency Founder Lee Schneider: Because of the huge world-changing ideas, people often say I’m going to change the world, but he’s actually doing it.
So favorite founder? I thought about that. It’s hard to pick one. You know, Elon Musk is pretty amazing for his vision and the people at Buffer are pretty amazing for transparency. No, Elon’s not very transparent and the Buffer guys are iterating on something very good and very small, but if I had to pick one person, I’d probably say Elon Musk because of the huge world changing ideas.
People often say “I’m going to change the world!” But he’s actually doing it.
This whole notion of Elon Musk potentially retiring, it actually connects to the whole startup ethos (which is a later question) but it connects to the startup ethos whether Elon Musk would want to retire or not.
I think it’s a constant invention, a constant creativity that drives an entrepreneur or someone like Elon Musk. It is not “I’ve done it and I can stop.” It’s that “I can keep going and I can keep changing things and keep finding things.” So I think that’s a very lively driver really for most entrepreneurs, that they know that once you get it set, it’s probably going to change anyway.
Or once you figure out the perfect product, it’s probably not just going to roll along without any modifications. Everything is change in this startup world. So I think that is what would probably drive Elon or the person to write the next

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.872932
Retrieved Text: Self-sabotaging it is an addictive behavior. It’s not like you don’t want to be happy. However, happiness can be scary if you’ve experienced it infrequently and it’s hard to accept that things are going well. If you’re not used to your life going smoothly and you are more accustomed to chaos, things going according to plan can be jarring and terrifying. It’s important to remember that life doesn’t always have to be difficult. We go through challenging times, but it doesn’t need to always be so rocky. There are periods of life that can be pleasant and even joyful. When you get a new job or get married or have a baby, these are happy occasions that we can cherish. It is tempting to sabotage a relationship, for example, if you are used to being in dysfunctional relationships and you’ve entered into a healthy one that brings you love and contentment. That doesn’t mean it’s a healthy choice for your life, just because it’s a familiar one.
When things going well and you’re used to a life filled with pain and struggles, this is an aberration from the norm it can be frightening. If you are used to things going poorly it can be scary for your life to drastically change even if that change is for the better. Change is different and it’s natural reaction to fear the unknown, so don’t be too hard on yourself if you’re afraid because you don’t know what to expect. Think about this: when people go to prison for committing

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.866832
Retrieved Text: This new year brings us opportunities for dynamic change to take place. Change is happening on a grander scale than ever before; however, this time it is the lightworkers who can make the difference in what the final outcome will be. You are now planting the seeds that will be the beginning of the next cycle, so choose wisely for yourselves and those who follow. All points have been leading up to these changes that will be taking place over the next three years, so learn what you can from the past and release. Expect things to be different, and they will.
Review the motives of those in your power positions. One of the great uses your expanded senses is to know when the one who is speaking is standing in integrity or just blowing wind. As more of you learn to trust yourselves and your natural senses, you will know what is true and what is right. Until enough of you awaken and effect change by becoming that change, things will carry on, business as usual, by those who have the most control. Apathy can often be the greatest weapon you use against yourselves.
Time is in a quickening. Things feel as if they are going faster, and they are. Things are going to move so quickly it can often be a challenge to think on your feet while you are running. Those of you who have been working on your connections with your higher selves and spirits will feel you have more options and choices than

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.842122
Retrieved Text: Private matches could, however, get mutators that let players mix things up.
Following some recent confusion over comments made in an interview, Rocket League developer Psyonix has clarified that it doesn't have plans to introduce things like power-ups to the game.
"There are not going to be power-ups added to the game," Pysonix's Dave Hagewood wrote on Reddit. "We're not going to change balance, add stats [e.g. "different max speeds"], change physics, etc. We have a good formula and there are already infinite ways to make the game even better without changing core gameplay."
This clarification came after a PSU.com article in which Psyonix was quoted as having said, "Weapons aren't something we plan to add in Rocket League--but power-ups are possible."
It turns out that isn't exactly the case, as Hagewood explained, "That answer may have been based on the possibility of adding mutators that allow private matches to change things up for a single match just to mix things up but absolutely not for regular gameplay."
That's good news for those who enjoy Rocket League's core gameplay. And there appear to be many who do, as Pysonix yesterday announced on Twitter that the concurrent player record (the highest number of people playing at one time) had again been broken, and was now over 179,000 people.
We should be hearing details about an upcoming patch before long. An official tweet recently said, "Wow. Looking at our fix list for the patch, we have some really helpful stuff in there. We'll start going over the list soon as we finalize!"
Rocket League's launch

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.832968
Retrieved Text: I have been using tapping for the last six months and love the results. One thing I have noticed is that my family is not excited about my change at all. Some of the members of my family even resent it. Is this common and is there anything I can do about it?
At first I was amazed at the number of times that I heard stories like these from my clients. As time has passed I have come to realize that not only is this a common occurrence, but it is something that makes a great deal of sense.
Every relationship that we have is a co-creation. Inside of this relationship there is an exchange of some sort. What I provide to the relationship is different from what my friend is providing and that is great. It wouldn’t be a great deal of fun to have every relationship be exactly the same from each side. If that were the case every relationship we have would just be in relationship with ourselves.
For example, in the teacher/student relationship the teacher is getting a chance to share wisdom and knowledge and the student is getting a chance to learn. In a marriage the wife might be the encouragement to help the husband peruse bigger things and the husband might be the calming force in the wife’s life.
Every relationship not matter how big or small there is a give and take. Even if it is in very subtle small ways there is an exchange. In most cases is it not a

================



======= Instance Index 32 =========
Input Text: Given that A: I suppose so. Let me push the button. B: All right. A: Okay, uh, I guess I'm supposed to be all for switching to the metric system, but, uh, I sense that it's not going to happen anytime soon. B: Yeah, I don't think it's going to happen either, Therefore, it must be true that "it's going to happen"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.328668
Retrieved Text: "Make Sure You See It Running, Dude."
Make Sure You See It Running Dude.
just deal with it. now. i'll teach you to make a fool out of me. let that be a lesson to you. no chicken escapes from tweedy's farm.
He's valuable, you say? Sure? Get the torch.
What's going to happen is going to happen. Just make sure it doesn't happen to you.
What's going to happen's going to happen. Just make sure it doesn't happen to you.
President trump: good luck running the country... Lord knows we ain't going to make take it easy on you.
you can't see paradise if you don't pedal.
I'll teach you to make a fool out of me.
Teach us, then. He's valuable , you say? Sure. Get the torch.
Teach us, then. He's valuable, you say? Sure? Get the torch.
You Passed Out Playing The Game, Dude.
It's your only lifeline, So make sure it stays taut.
Sehr gut, New Zealand. See you in two weeks, Ja?
RUN!! IT'S GAWZILLA! You forgot your "R" in ''Run'', "''Guy!''"

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.22129
Retrieved Text: "It's going to happen so soon!"
"He's so close! I bet it happens this weekend!"
I try not to pay too much attention to milestones. I certainly don't care if they happen early or late, and it doesn't bother me when another baby checks something off before we do. I know it will all happen eventually. If anything, I usually tell myself whatever it is will happen way later, so that I'm pleasantly surprised when it does happen.
This crawling thing? It's just so weird. I don't care that he's not crawling, and I am enjoying the time where he's not mobile yet, I really am. It's just that he's been SO CLOSE for so long, it's become a thing. He clearly could do it. He can move all over the place when he's not paying attention. He just doesn't. And because he's SO CLOSE, it gets talked about a lot. By everyone. And they convince me it's going to happen RIGHT NOW. So I take my camera out and film, and then two weeks later we're in the same spot. I'm not even kidding when I say we've been in this pattern for two months now.
So now I've just decided he'll be walking before he crawls and have stopped paying attention. Which if you know how the jinx of the internet works, means he'll start the day after I publish this post. Or he'll start at the most inconvenient time. When we're traveling and nothing is baby-proofed.
Either way, I'm going to stop talking about it. Ignore it completely.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.212103
Retrieved Text: Well we all kind of figured this was going to happen (or more to the point not happen) but now Rob has confirmed it. There will be NO Xena movie (at least not with Lucy and Renee in the roles and if that happens...who cares if they ever make a Xena movie. It's not the same if it doesn't have Lucy and Renee - they are Xena and Gabrielle. End of debate).
Rob Tapert, the co-creator of television's Xena: Warrior Princess, has given up hope that there will ever be a feature film version of the classic show, at least not any time soon or starring series leads Lucy Lawless and Renee O'Connor.
"It's something that just won't happen," Tapert told TheTorchOnline.com in an exclusive interview. "I don't think it's going to happen for Lucy and Renee. In twenty years or ten years, in some amount of years, like McGyver, like Charlie's Angels, it [could] happen like that [with other actresses]."

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.996687
Retrieved Text: I don't know if any of you have seen the billboards proclaiming the Rapture that's going to happen May 21st. I've seen an English and Spanish one in Houston, myself. A lot of people are wondering if The Rapture is happening on May 21st and I have an answer. No, it isn't.
But what will happen on May 22nd will be a huge case of cognitive dissonance. A lot of people are going to wake up Sunday morning and wonder why they weren't raptured the day before. Their reactions will be one or more of the following.
1 - They will assume that due to irregularities in the calender, their prediction was only off by a day or two, so perhaps it will happen within the following week. Harold Camping, the man behind these predictions, will issue a new set of calculations that reveal another date, and then another.
2 - Camping and his followers will state that Something did happen on May 21st, and it was super spiritual and the start of End Times. It's the theological equivalent of the 'girlfriend in Canada,' as only they will have seen this act of God, but trust them, it happened.
3 - They will tell us that God changed His mind, thanks to all the caravans of the faithful who spread the word over the past few months. The Rapture was totally going to happen, but because the faithful got the word out, they averted it. But it's going to happen again soon, and this time God means it. This will

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.904124
Retrieved Text: Hope for it to happen, Believe it's going to happen, Make it happen. So it will happen.
You must be a member of Big Light to view this page.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.868363
Retrieved Text: It was Valentine's Day night, and Kingan of Nampa and Gehrig of Boise had a feeling something bad was about to happen.
They were traveling in the Oruba neighborhood of Kirkuk on a road nicknamed "IED Alley" because that's where soldiers have found several IEDs.
"You get that weird feeling," Kingan said. "Gehrig and I kept saying, 'We're going to get hit,' and about 300 meters later we got hit."
The bomb exploded when their Humvee came within about 25 yards of a walled, three-sided concrete shelter for a trash receptacle where the bomb was hidden, Kingan said.
The flash momentarily blinded both men. Kingan yelled for Gehrig to keep driving.
"It's dark and all of the sudden it's light and then it's dark again," Gehrig said.
He drove blind down the dirt road. He turned onto a bridge before he realized his windshield had become an opaque spiderweb of shattered safety glass.
Both men's ears rang for hours, even though they were wearing earplugs designed for just such circumstances.
"It rings your bell, that's for sure," Gehrig said.
Shrapnel shattered the driver-side windshield. More shrapnel broke the Kingan's passenger-side window.
The Humvee's windshield was armored with nearly 3 inches of safety glass. Gehrig estimated that "a quarter-inch of safety glass is what stopped (the shrapnel) from coming through the windshield."
The next day, the two men returned with other soldiers to the explosion site. The men estimated the IED was made with two 155 mm artillery shells. Iraqi police later arrested an insurgent who admitted to triggering the IED, Kingan said.
Kingan and Gehrig still to patrol

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.864056
Retrieved Text: And as for the Blu-Ray thing...yeah...that won't happen for some time. The vast majority of people simply do not have broadband; and even those that do have bandwith caps that'll limit you to only a handful of HD movies a month. The infrastructure's not there yet. It'll happen, sure, but you're looking at over a decade at least - and it's going to take an upgrade in another medium to seriously kickstart it, such as televisions incorporating technology - I think the new AppleTV might be the start of that (which should scare Microsoft even more). The competing businesses will have to agree on a consistent model, too...otherwise the net neutrality people will be all over that. Add to that the fact there are certain capabilities that are available on discs that aren't on streaming yet (7.1 HD SURround sound seems to be a huge sticking point), I think saying that "streaming is the future" isn't terribly prophetic, but saying that it's going to happen soon is...not going to happen. Hell, Microsoft was telling us how Zune was going to destroy the iPod.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.636343
Retrieved Text: Ra's Life: Boom! Boom! Boom!
I sometimes act a bit like a cynic when people tell me they 'knew something was going to happen.' It's not that I think they are lying, it's just that I know our subconcious thinks all kinds of things all the time and when something actually does happen, we forget that there were 1001 things we thought would happen and one of them sort of actually did. It doesn't mean we didn't think of it, it's just we have a batting average of 1 for 1001 and make a big deal out of the 1.
Then again, those crazy coincidences are amazing and when something happens in close proximity to the time one had the feeling, I'm a believer.
Sunday morning I woke at 7:15 or so after another post midnight work session and considered going to the gym. I thought, 'it's Sunday, which seems to often be "Good Morning Baghdad - with a mortar!" day so I decided to try to sleep until breakfast figuring I'd be interrupted and have to stop anyway in the middle of a workout.
Maybe I'll just use the elliptical machine in a flack jacket!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.6268425
Retrieved Text: 2014 was a year filled with craziness.
2015 is going to be a year of change.
2015 is going to be a year of hard work, dedication and desire.
It's not about fancy words. It's not about what is said or what is written.
It's about what is DONE!
A lot of awesome things are going to happen in 2015.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.521553
Retrieved Text: With Kingdom Hearts III coming next year, I decided to boot up 0.2 again and play around with the physics. I was interested in seeing how Aqua handled going up and down hills. I wanted to draw comparions to Final Fantasy XV, as Square Enix employees reportedly went on actual hikes in order to mimic realisic movement on various terrain.
After going up and down hills many times, I came across this animation for Aqua I hadn't seen in any of my playthroughs. It's a sort of roll that takes Aqua out of her sliding animation prematurely as if she slipped on a rock. I was unable to get it to happen consistently (only twice so far) and I'm still unsure what causes it to happen. Have any of you seen this happen before?
Easy. There's a small clunky piece in the hitbox of the ground which makes the game think she's hitting flat ground, thus she rolls. It doesn't happen consistently cause it's not supposed to happen at that point, it seems like only a small piece of the ground is...well, programmed the wrong way.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.503694
Retrieved Text: "Let it happen, let it happen -It's going to feel so good- Just let it happen, let it happen"
The old town of Zagreb could really be Prague. But then without the millions of tourists and very affordable. If you don't have it on your list start thinking about it.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.473484
Retrieved Text: While it's true that you never know what is going to happen, The Sentry Leather covers most of the bases, providing protection from most everything that could happen within the seconds, hours, days, weeks, and months of the regular calendar. It's your won't-quit, always obedient, ever-watchful, and timely guard against mayhem. Unless otherwise ordered.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.408327
Retrieved Text: 10. Rah Rah Raisins = Stop trying to make oatmeal raisin happen. It's not going to happen.
Much love to the Girl Scouts; much begrudging love to Erin.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.321422
Retrieved Text: Q. Great round today, second place, how do you feel?
DEWI CLAIRE SCHREEFEL: It's very nice. I'm very excited. I played very well the whole tournament. It's been a consistent season and I felt if I just played my game, I can finish well out here, so I'm very happy.
Q. And what was it like playing with Shanshan, she's quite far ahead, do you feel you were trying to keep pace a lot at the time or were you just focused on your own game?
DEWI CLAIRE SCHREEFEL: Focusing on my own game. She was so far ahead that something had to happen to her game and I would have to go pretty low to make something happen. So it was actually nice because I could just concentrate on my own game and I thought I'm going to try and catch her, that's going to keep me going, not watch what's going to happen behind me.
So it was good for me and she played great.
Q. Do you effectively feel second place is almost like a victory?
DEWI CLAIRE SCHREEFEL: Almost. She ran away already the first two rounds. No, it's not a win for sure, but a nice, very good, solid play, and second place.
Q. And a word about the conditions today, a little windy, back nine?
DEWI CLAIRE SCHREEFEL: Yeah, it was a little windy. That's the thing with this course, the wind tends to turn around a little bit for the four days so you have to pay attention to it and it keeps it a bit interesting,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.307542
Retrieved Text: I want it to happen before I'm President, but it's not about me. That's my point. It's about the Palestinians, and it's about the Israelis, all of whom want to -- many of who want to get rid of the past and have a more glorious future by living side-by-side in peace and democracy. And it's -- I think it's going to happen.
“ Premised on sound strategic logic” .
After Israel uprooted the Jewish inhabitants of Gaza and turned their land over to the Palestinian Arabs in order to help bring about President Bush’s vision a song was written by Palestinian Arabs expressing another “glorious” vision.
Continue reading "A Glorious Vision: Misconceptions and the Middle East"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.22144
Retrieved Text: It is going to happen soon, it is going to happen soon... It HAS to happen soon!
This series sounds sooooo good. I cannot wait to read it. So why haven't I, yet?!
I almost bought this book so many times. It's time I finally start this beauty.
I wish I HAD read it by yesterday because the longer I wait the more I forget. Seriously, when this books comes out I will have no idea, what happened in the first two books. But I want to read it so BADLY!!!!
Any books you wanted to start yesterday? Let me know!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.146512
Retrieved Text: Gonna keep it short and simple. The SuperNOVA at Funland is going away. I've been told recently. It's going to happen very soon. I'm a bit sad, it's -the- machine that made me discover dance games. But it's had its run and and I've played it to death, so I have no regrets at this point.
Where is the machine going to ?
Power2All wrote: Where is the machine going to ?
More than likely our main supplier (who is the main distributor of machines in the Benelux). I don't know if I am at liberty to disclose more details publicly. But I will try to follow the machine's whereabouts.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.126569
Retrieved Text: Enter this giveaway for a chance to win books by Anna Smith and Nicci French and a leather journal and quote necklace. Good luck!
I like that sense of dread about what's going to happen. LOL I've always loved creepy stories and movies.
It tickles certain fight or flight responses that are entertaining, the release of tension, over and over until a hopefully cathartic ending. So, just for a short span of time, I am willing to endure the terror in order to enjoy a euphoric sense of relief at the end. I seem to enjoy the adrenaline rush of being scared while being safe.
I love the suspense and the cinema in my head - while I know I'm safe, it's still like being in the middle of the action.
I love that they keep me in suspense and make me want to keep reading.
love their power to make me jump, and to make me wonder what's gonna happen - there's a certain enjoyment in fear and suspense!
You never know what's going to happen and the fear of what might or might not happen is the big draw for me. Love creepy stalker stories where it's not SO MUCH the violence, but the little things that happen along the way, as in things being moved round the house or people that appear everywhere you go. Quite funny when I had a stalker of my own (my x-bf followed me about and stood outside our house for 3 weeks). Still love the creepy stories though.
Creepy stories keep me gripped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.125373
Retrieved Text: The more the years go by, the less I know. But if you give explanations and understand everything, then nothing can happen. What helps me go forward is that I stay receptive, I feel that anything can happen.
It's so much better to desire than to have... The moment of desire, when you know something is going to happen - that's the most exalting.
What helps me go forward is that I stay receptive, I feel that anything can happen.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.073423
Retrieved Text: What happens when someone yells "fire"?
The issue is not exactly where and when T-Bonds peak, it's what happens afterwards when the mass of buyers that has bought these dogs suddenly want to get out.
You don't have to be able to predict prices to predict what's going to happen.
Huge theater...small exit. It's not going to be pretty.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.062108
Retrieved Text: Hence, as of the beginning of next month, my current service provider can consider itself dumped in favour of a more economical service.
Also, like everyone else, I am going to have a whinge about the weather. It's cold and it's wet and quite frankly I'd much rather stay in bed today, but unfortunately that is not going to happen.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.060098
Retrieved Text: When I think of 'giving up' I always think of it in bad terms.
Those are the things that come to mind first.
Today I have decided that some things you can give up on and it is O.K.
I'm giving up worrying, or at least trying to.
will it make a difference in the morning?
Nope, it's going to happen whether you worried about it or not.
the situation twice; once in your head and once in real life.
I never thought of it like that! I'm a worry wart, I'll admit it.
I worry about everything, big or small.
and if it doesn't, it's all my fault. Who gave me all the responsibility?
No one did, I put it on myself.
trying to control and worrying endlessly about.
If it's going to happen, it will happen.
I could go on and on with quotes I've found about worrying, they're all so true!
Tiny Buddah does it again with this blog.
This website has been a serious life-saver for me the past few months.
from this website and it always seems to calm my mind.
I had a big jump in readers yesterday, thanks for not forgetting about my little website!
As always, feel free to think of your own questions to ask me!
put your brain into overdrive every once in a while.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.038663
Retrieved Text: Hosting the Oscars is on stand-up comedian-actor Kevin Harts bucket list.
"It would be something I would definitely do just to say I did it in my career," Hart told Variety.
"It would be great to say I had that moment."
Serving as emcee for the Academy Awards would put Hart in the company of some comedy greats like Steve Martin, Billy Crystal, Chris Rock and Whoopi Goldberg.
"When the time is right I believe it's going to happen. I'm not going anywhere. The Oscars aren't going anywhere. It will happen when it happens," said Hart.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.957286
Retrieved Text: The Crimson Tide is in third place - or is it last?
"Third," Gottfried insisted. "You trying to ruin my night?"
"I think our team's in a great position," Mississippi State coach Rick Stansbury said. "We're fixing to win a championship in the West."
"There's just a lot of teams that are very similar, and it's just going to be who's going to be able to steal a couple on the road coming down the stretch here," said Auburn's Jeff Lebo, whose team is 14-12.
"It's going to be the difference between being third and sixth. It's going to be a couple of plays here, a couple of plays there, much like it was last year," he said.
"Sometimes you hear about our league being down," Stansbury said. "Well, maybe we're not as heavy at the top. That doesn't change how good our league is at the bottom.
"Twelve, 11 and 10 can beat anybody on any given night. I don't know how many leagues can say that."
Auburn (128), Alabama (132) and LSU (176) - which has already fired coach John Brady - aren't even making strong cases for the NIT. Some 'Bama fans have been clamoring for Gottfried's ouster.
"This profession will drive you a little batty sometimes," Gottfried said.
"We just can't seem to get it done on the road," second-year coach Andy Kennedy said.
Pelphrey is confidently predicting a solid future for his program, maybe even the near future. "It's going to happen," he said after that loss at Alabama. "It is going to happen. I have plenty of resolve and faith

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.885932
Retrieved Text: It's not economics, it's not business, it's not entrepreneurship, it can be considered socioeconomics. I like to call it "Crowdonomics." Check out this comprehensive guide to crowdfunding your next film or project.
The industry is changing! What's going to happen to theaters, traditional window distribution, and the independent film world? Read some of my theories.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.853444
Retrieved Text: BALTIMORE (AP) Chris Sale was headed out of the game anyway, so it didn't matter if he received an ejection on his way to the dugout.
"There are going to be points in the season, points in the game where stuff happens," Sale said. "No one's perfect. Obviously I lost my cool a little bit. That's going to happen, too."
"I like competing. When I feel like I'm getting something taken away from me, I get emotional," Sale said. "At the end of the day, hey, we're human, stuff is going to happen."
Baltimore has lost seven straight and 14 of 16. The last time the Orioles scored more than five runs in a game was May 24, and it sure wasn't going to happen against Sale.
"It's a bad combination, we're not swinging the bat well and facing as good a pitcher as him," manager Buck Showalter conceded.
"The quality of his at-bats are incredible for not playing, what, two weeks?" Cora said. "I mean, the guy's talented."
"I felt awesome, excited, happy to be here," he said. "It's been an opportunity that I've been waiting for 12 years. Now, it's finally here."
Red Sox: Cora said LHP Drew Pomeranz's neck is sore and that the club would not plan for his return until after a weekend series in Seattle. Pomeranz originally went on the DL on June 5 with biceps tendinitis. ... 2B Dustin Pedroia (left knee) has been doing some weight lifting but is staying away from baseball activities for now, Cora said.
Orioles: Orioles reliever Richard Bleier, one of the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.845561
Retrieved Text: Ah, gentle readers, when it comes to things happening in your life, there is one thing your MatchGirl knows for sure. You can't wait for things to happen to you. They never will.
Sure there are a lot of lovely, romantic songs about waiting for things to happen.
Sure, Sleeping Beauty fell into a deep sleep (Snow White, too!) and waited for her Prince to come.
Here's the deal, dear ones, there is no use waiting. No one is going to rescue you.
Whether you are looking for love or looking for money or looking for a job. It's you who has to do the work. No one is going to do it for you.
Your MatchGirl spent - no, wasted - a lot of years waiting. Waiting for a boyfriend to carry me away from my problems. Waiting for a promotion. Waiting for the next thing to happen. The next opportunity to present itself. Here's the thing - those things never happened. I was waiting because the decisions were too scary, too hard. It was easier to wait.
And while I admire and extoll patience (practice it, not so much), there is a really bis difference between being patient and simply waiting.
I beg of you, gentle readers, think about what you want. Make a decision. And go for it.
It's the only way to make the things you want to happen actually come into being.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.803184
Retrieved Text: U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Saturday that regime change in Syria is one of the United States' priorities, adding that Syrian President Bashar Assad "is not the leader" Syria needs.
In an interview on CNN's "State of the Union," Haley said ousting Assad is a priority for the U.S., as well as defeating the Islamic State and shrinking Iranian influence.
"This is a complicated situation. There are no easy answers and a political solution is going to have to happen," Haley said. "There's not any sort of option where political solution is going to happen with Assad at the head of the regime, if you look at his actions if you look at the situation, it's going to be hard to see a government that's peaceful and stable with Assad."
When asked by host Jake Tapper whether it's the position of the Trump administration that Assad cannot remain in power, Haley indicated that regime change is possible.
"Regime change is something that we think is going to happen because all of the parties are going to see that Assad is not the leader that needs to be taking place for Syria," Haley said.
However, not everyone in the Trump administration has ruled out working with the Assad regime for a political solution to Syria's civil war.
On Saturday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in an interview on CBS' "Face the Nation" that defeating ISIS is first priority in Syria, and that only after the militant group had been defeated, could there be talk of a political solution.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.801148
Retrieved Text: This lesson introduces the concept of an Observable. We will see how similar it behaves to a function and what is the fundamental difference between them.
00:00 Now we are in JS Bin, and here we have RxJS version 5 imported. That gives us the global object Rx, which has observable. Observable is by far the most important concept in this library.
00:13 It's important to note that it's not like an event stream, such as EventEmitter in Node.js. It's better to think of it as a powerful generalization of a function. I can explain what I mean.
00:24 Let's make a function here called foo, which takes no arguments. Then it's just going to cause side effects such as console.log saying hello. Then it returns a value, like 42. Once you've called this function, it will immediately give you a value which we can store in a variable called X. We can also console.log that X.
00:49 When we run this, we see hello, and 42. I'm also going to simplify this by just replacing X with the actual call of foo. Once we call foo, we get that value, and we can put it in the console.log.
01:16 Please note this also, that whatever's inside of here, the function, it won't happen if I don't call that function. If I comment this out and run this, nothing happens. That's because whatever is inside here is a lazy computation. Because it's lazy, it won't happen until I actually ask for it with call.
01:39 Keep all that in mind, and let's

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.797801
Retrieved Text: Dustin Pedroia hasn't closed the door on playing again in 2018.
Appearing by phone from Arizona on OMF as part of the Jimmy Fund radiothon, Pedroia said he's preparing as if he'll be able to help the team this year, even if it's a longshot.
"I'm preparing right now to hopefully, if it's possible, if the team needs me this year, to be ready," he said. "I don't know if they know it's possible, and I don't know if it's possible. All I'm doing right now is working."
Pedroia noted that he started running last Friday and is building up as quickly as he can. He has been limited to three game this season by offseason cartilage restoration surgery on his left knee. In hindsight, he believes the hope that he could return by Memorial Day was not feasible.
"You all know in this game anything can happen with injuries or anything like that," he said. "I want to make sure if something does happen, I'm prepared and ready at that time. It's a tough injury to rehab back from.
"I think the timetable I was given at the start was a little unrealistic, but we made some changes to my rehab. I'm feeling a lot better, seeing a lot of changes. I'm going to get over this injury. It's just a matter of when. Hopefully, if it's not this year, I have three years remaining to play after that."
Helping his rehab is the fact that the Red Sox keep winning.
"Honestly, this is probably the best thing ever for me," he

================



======= Instance Index 6 =========
Input Text: Given that A: and that rolling kind of, uh, B: Terrain. A: Yeah. is fairly famili-,. The thing that I thought was interesting was that the critics, apparently it's going to win everything. B: Really? A: Uh, and I had been told, you know, you wouldn't notice that it was three hours long, and all this, kind of, Therefore, it must be true that "it was three hours long"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.3505535
Retrieved Text: Ask these people questions with How long ? Write their answers using the words in brackets.
you: How long did you speak to him for?
Tim: I spoke to him for about five minutes.
you: How long did you spend to write essay ?
you: How long will you play golf?
Tony: I will play golf for four years.
You: How long did you play the guitar?
William: I played guitar for two years.
You: How long are you going away on holiday?
Cindy: I will be away on holiday for three weeks .
You: How long does it take to fly to America.
Elenor: It takes seven hours to fly to America.
you: How long did you sleep last night?
Cyril: I slept for ten hours last night.
you: How long have you had a cold?
Liza: I have had a cold for three days.
you: How long are you going to the coast this afternoon?
Mandy I am going to drive for 2 hours this afternoon.
You: How long did you live in England?
John: I lived in England for six months.
Fill the gaps in the sentences below with for, in, until or by.
She studied medicine by in the age of 25.
They got the lunch ready by 12.30.
He learnt to swim in six weeks.
They lived in Newcastle until 1973.
My father ran a bookshop for two years.
We did all our housework in a couple of hours.
We did some housework for a couple of hours.
I finished my homework by suppertime.
We discussed politics until three in the morning.
They reached the top of the mountain in four hours.
I borrowed my neighbor’s power drill for a few days.
He

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.6905155
Retrieved Text: Over the weekend, it was announced that Sunday church services will no longer be three hours, but only two. I have been waiting and hoping for this change for years (and suspecting it for the last six months), and when it was announced, the kids and I (Jeremy was out of town) literally jumped up and down for joy.
I recognize that there are other Mormons (don’t @ me) out there somewhere who are unsure or even upset about this change. I am so glad they have loved three hour church and I don’t begrudge them their feelings a bit, but it was noted in the announcement that this change to two hours benefits many key demographics of church attendees (practically all of them), including families with small children, small children themselves, the elderly and ill, etc.
I firmly believe I will benefit from this change as a parent of small children, but I also believe I will benefit as a human being, particularly an introverted one.Depending on the ward and what stage of life I’ve been in, as well as what church assignment I’ve held, three hours of church has been moderately to very difficult for me. It has sometimes been something that I have had to gear myself up for all week and then, on my day of rest, struggled to get through. Three-hour church was always there waiting for me at the end of a long raising-kids week, or a long work-week, and I would come home from it feeling exponentially more exhausted than I

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.676025
Retrieved Text: Avengers: Endgame directors Joe and Anthony Russo have reaffirmed that the current cut of the much-anticipated film is three hours long; the editing process isn't over yet, but it appears Endgame will end up being the longest Marvel movie ever.
Asked by Collider if Marvel and Disney are OK with Endgame running for as long as Titanic, the Russo brothers said Marvel/Disney are "down with what the best story is," even at three hours.
Endgame is so long because it's said to wrap up a story that started 22 movies ago. Not only that, but extra time is required for scenes to allow the film to deliver emotional resonance, they said.
"Right now, we think the movie is playing well and we've had great responses from our test audiences and we're feeling very good about where it is," they said. "We're still doing work to it. We're not done with it. Again, this is a culmination film of 22 movies, it's a lot of storytelling to work into it. Emotion is an intrinsic part of that to us. When you have to tell a really complicated story and you want strong emotional moments with the characters, it just requires a certain amount of real estate. This one, in particular, feels like three hours worth of real estate."
They added that in the four screenings for test audiences so far, not one person has left their chair to use the bathroom.
For comparison, Avengers: Infinity War was already a long movie, running for two hours and 40 minutes.
Endgame hits theatres in the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.638479
Retrieved Text: The Avengers: Endgame Move Is Three Hours And 2 Minutes Long!
Maybe get a small drink this time!
The New Avengers: Endgame movie is three hours long making it the longest Mavel film yet!
It’s been a long time since a run time of a movie has been announced, but we were told if we want to see the new superhero movie, we will have to sit through hours and 2 minutes of cinematic magic!
With this announcement, the internet is exploding with chatter about the possibility of an intermission somewhere in the film! It’s been done before (in The Hateful Eight’s roadshow edition) but it doesn’t happen often..
Remember when Titanic was released on VHS tape and needed to tapes to fit the entire film in?
It’s unlikely that an intermission will happen, just be prepared for a very long movie and perhaps just buy a small fountain drink this time around!
The Avengers: Endgame will be released on April 26th!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.582326
Retrieved Text: Children who wear a patch to correct "lazy eye" need only wear it for four hours per day, and those aged under four around three hours, rather than the six to 12 hours usually recommended by doctors, the British Medical Journal (BMJ) says.
Blurred vision or crossed eyes are the typical symptoms of amblyopia, caused by a disturbance in the pathway of vision between the eyes and the brain.
Researchers at City University in London and McGill University in Montreal asked 80 children aged three to eight with amblyopia to wear a patch for either six or 12 hours a day.
The patch was fitted with sensors that were wired to a data logger, which recorded how long the patch was actually worn.
The test found that, on average, the six-hour group wore the patch for 4.2 hours a day, while the 12-hour group wore it for 6.2 hours.
However, the visual improvement between the two groups was the same.
Wearing the patch for less than three hours led to a much slower improvement across the two groups.
The exception were children aged under four, who corrected their sight quickly with just a few hours daily.
Patching beyond 12 weeks did not confer additional benefit.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.988843
Retrieved Text: We are happy to present you the results of cleaning the London apartment. In just a two hours, the ideal order was established in three rooms, and a professional cleaning of the bathroom was carried out.
Cleaning the apartment of 72 m2 for rent. The task was set: to prepare an apartment for rent, after a long absence of tenants. Dust all surfaces, remove dirt and water stone from the sanitary facilities, bathroom; clean the fat and dirt from the kitchen, remove all contamination from the floor and wall tiles and make the windows that, as you can see, not in the best condition, shine. Three our specialists prepared an apartment for delivery in just a couple of hours. It was rather difficult to cope with such pollution, but, as you can see, it was not difficult for us.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.9884815
Retrieved Text: Many new entrepreneurs can remember the excitement of doing the groundwork to get their new business off the ground. Work didn’t feel like work. It was easy to put in long hours joyfully with the prospects of turning their dream of being a successful entrepreneur into reality.
But after the excitement dims, business ownership can become a grind, especially if the revenue isn’t flowing like you want. And sometimes even when it is, it leaves you with even less time to do the things you love. Creative entrepreneurs start looking for the magic bullet that will help them not only have the business they want, but more importantly the life they want, too.
This search for more explains the popularity of Tim Ferriss’ book, “The Four-Hour Workweek”, smashing contemporary thinking about success and hard, time-consuming work.
Three-and-a-half years later with a more difficult transition to the new business model than expected and dealing with upheaval in my therapy practice with the unexpected death of my office colleague and father, I was still working 40-plus hours per week. And it was starting to take its toll.
So the committee said, “Then why don’t you”.
I’ve reconciled that my three-and-a-half years of unwanted 40 hours per week work allowed me to clumsily sort through the foundations I’ve discussed here. But with a little guidance, your journey doesn’t need to take that long.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.961436
Retrieved Text: Star trails show the effect of the Earth's rotation on long exposures, in the case of this image a full three hours. Polaris (the North Star) lies only 0.75° from the celestial pole and makes the tightest of the bright arcs. There is also a short meteor trail just to the right of the large tree on the left edge. Star trails are by far the easiest form of astrophotography. On film, it takes just one long exposure. Star trails can also be done on digital by stacking multiple images. This image earned an Honorable Mention at the 2003 Big Fresno Fair in the Color Scenery division.
Exposure was exactly three hours (to the nearest minute). Boot's Camera handled developing and scanning the negatives. There was a small scratch on the negative that Boot's edited out for me on the digital file. The rest of the exposure data is missing, but the following is what I likely did:  Film was probably Kodak Royal Gold 100.  Lens aperture was probably f/4 or f/5.6.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.916422
Retrieved Text: "Avengers: Endgame" is in theaters April 26.
"Avengers: Endgame" is reportedly going to be 3 hours and 2 minutes long.
The runtime was briefly listed on AMC's site but has since been removed.
Directors Joe and Anthony Russo previously said the film was around the three-hour mark, but that fans didn't seem to mind.
Fandango appeared to confirm the runtime in a tweet.
The runtime for "Avengers: Endgame" is reportedly a little more than 3 hours long. This spring, the long-awaited culmination to Marvel Studios' sprawling 22-film Infinity Saga arrives in theaters, and it is understandably one of the most anticipated movies of the year. After "Infinity War's" emotionally devastating cliffhanger ending, in which Thanos successfully wiped out half of the universe's population, fans are eager to see how the surviving members of Earth's Mightiest reverse the effects of The Decimation and defeat the Mad Titan once and for all.
It goes without saying that "Endgame" is grand in scope and ambition, with a lot on its plate to tackle. This isn't just the "Infinity War" sequel, it's also wrapping up more than a decade of storytelling and possibly giving longtime veterans like Iron Man and Captain America fitting sendoffs before the Marvel Cinematic Universe moves on to a new era. With all that in mind, nobody expected "Endgame" to have a condensed runtime, and now it looks like viewers are going to have to clear a day from their schedules to see the film in theaters.
AMC Theaters' landing page for "Endgame" had the movie's runtime listed at a whopping 3 hours,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.834487
Retrieved Text: Relaxing at home can have deadly consequences for women who sit for more than six hours a day during their leisure time, regardless of how much they exercise, it was revealed Thursday.
A new study from American Cancer Society researchers found that women in particular who sat for longer than six hours a day during their leisure time — engaged in activities such as watching television, surfing the Internet and reading — had higher death rates.
And it did not matter how much daily exercise they did, the risk remained virtually unchanged.Several studies have already shown there is a link between long sitting times and obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease risk factors, and unhealthy diets.
But the latest study — which surveyed 123,216 people for 13 years — found a link between the amount of time people spent sitting and their death rates.It found that the more leisure time people spent sitting, the higher the risk of death, particularly for women.
Women who said they sat for more than six hours a day during their leisure hours were found to be 37 percent more likely to die during the period of the study, than those who sat for less than three hours a day.Men who sat for more than six hours were 18 percent more likely to die than those who sat for less than three.
The results remained virtually unchanged when physical activity was factored in.However, lack of exercise combined with long sitting times was a killer combination.
Women who sat more and were less physically active were 94 percent

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.800947
Retrieved Text: Assault in the first degree with serious physical injury, a class A felony with punishment upon conviction of 10-to-30 years or life in prison under Missouri law.
Allegations in charges were very unusual. The accusation was that Mr. Gill forced a cell phone into Ms. Abel’s throat, nearly causing her death.
The trial of this case was covered by the international media. It was mentioned in telecasts by David Letterman, Jay Leno, and Howard Stern.
After a week-long trial, the jury deliberated for 14 hours. A unanimous verdict could not be reached. The jury vote was nine not guilty and three guilty.
The States’ Prosecuting Attorney re-indicted Mr. Gill with a new theory of the facts. Mr. Gill was now charged with domestic battery in the first degree, a Class A felony with punishment upon conviction of 10-to-30 years or life in prison and domestic battery in the third degree, a Class C felony with punishment upon conviction of 1-to-7 years pursuant to Missouri law. After a week long trial the jury deliberated for 12 hours. A guilty verdict was returned by the jury to the Class C felony.
Armed robbery, a level 3 felony, with punishment upon conviction of 4.5-to-20.5 years.
Allegations in charges were that Mr. Downs acted with others to commit robbery with a handgun. After a three day trial, Mr. Downs was found not guilty of this crime.
Murder in the second degree, a Class A felony with punishment upon conviction of 10-to-30 years or life in prison pursuant to Missouri law.
Allegations in charges were that Ms. Jackson stabbed

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.759928
Retrieved Text: First off, we worked with the lab team to determine that there were three distinct kinds of data coming from three different types of clients whose data had three different possible “shelf lives.” The first was very transient, short-lived data from walk-in customers looking to have images or entire rolls of film scanned, usually with some additional photo-retouching needs. The workflow for this kind of data meant it was usually in the lab for less than a week and the customer would not be paying for long-term storage. The second type was from customers bringing in 300GB to 1TB of data from larger-scale photo shoots that needed to be batch processed and possibly color corrected and/or retouched. Storage time for this type could be up to 30 days in the lab. Finally, the last kind of data was from customers paying for the long-term storage of millions of images, thus allowing them to call up and order prints on-demand.
Now understanding the life cycle of the data, we proceeded to design a backup method that specifically treated each of the three different types of data, rather than the existing method of trying to pull all of it through a single network connection to the backup server, and then finally writing it all to expensive tapes. With our new system, far less tape would be consumed and the data would never actually leave the servers, but would instead be backed up by the same server that was hosting it.
To achieve this, we developed new policies for the three

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.744864
Retrieved Text: The National Football League’s annual draft, which took place last week, is sixteen hours long, over-hyped, and tedious to watch. But it has its moments. Three hours in, one of the most unforgettable and affecting deals in recent sports history was made: the Baltimore Ravens traded up three spots in order to take Michael Oher, the University of Mississippi offensive tackle.
In “The Blind Side,” the 2006 best-selling account of Oher’s early life, Michael Lewis chronicles Oher’s harrowing childhood: his father was murdered when he was a teen-ager; his mother was a crack addict. He spent large chunks of his adolescence on his own, roaming the streets of Memphis, sleeping in a different place every night. He had attended eleven different schools by the time he was sixteen, when a friend’s father, seeing athletic potential in his six-foot-five, three hundred and thirty-pound frame, convinced the staff at a Christian private school to let Oher enroll. Oher struggled academically, but eventually raised his G.P.A., and was accepted at Ole Miss, where he is majoring in criminal justice.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.709443
Retrieved Text: We already know that Avengers: Endgame will become epic, but will it really take that long?
It has already been revealed that the follow-up of the Avengers: Infinity War currently takes about three hours, but now this unchanged time can lead to greater action if online rumors are worthwhile.
In a discussion with Collider, one of the directors Anthony Russo revealed that there could be a break, but added that the test audience did not leave the screening once.
He said: "We have now screened the film four times for the public, and for the first three screenings, not one person was there to go to the bathroom."
The director also spoke about why Marvel wants the film to last as long as necessary.
"I think the studio is down with what is the best story," Russo said.
"At the moment we think the film plays well and we have received great responses from our test audience and we feel very good about where it is.
"We are still working on it, we are not finished yet."
Russo went into why Avengers: Endgame is so important to the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
"Again, this is a culmination film of 22 films, it's a lot of stories to work on," he said.
"Emotion is an intrinsic part of that." If you have to tell a very complicated story and you want strong emotional moments with the characters, then you just need a certain amount of real estate.
"Especially this one feels like three hours of real estate."
The latest Avengers trailer dropped during Super Bowl 2019, which led to a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.70615
Retrieved Text: ‘S’ inserted the key in the ignition and put the car on gear one. Slowly she proceeded out of the school gate. The rear-view mirror showed images of her three children (thirteen, eight and five) who she had just dropped to school after a ‘three-month-long’ vacation. It had been a holiday primarily marked by Capital D for Discipline.
S smiled to herself secretly as she took the road back home. The song on the car stereo played on volume six- the amicable number that had been decided upon because blaring music was a big no in the rule book. It was playing ‘The Song of Freedom’. It was merely a co-incidence, though. For a moment her hands itched to raise the volume to ten…or maybe, thirteen. But it would be too soon. So, she waited to turn around the corner. Afterall, she had been the torch-bearer of D for three long months. It isn’t easy to let go of the one who has stood by you in your testing times. With the children noticing her every move, she had stuck to the rule book to a T.
Junk and food couldn’t co-exist.
Meals on tables- no potato couches.
No one’s pleading for car speeds!
There wasn’t any other way. Even with a long list of handouts, there hadn’t been a breather. Not even on Sundays!
And now, it was hard to believe that she would have six hours of the day completely to herself! What was she going to do?
S was now grinning like the Cheshire cat. She had left the school

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.684372
Retrieved Text: Living in Paris has forced me to confront some difficult questions, ones that I haven't had to ask myself in other places. Questions such as "How long am I willing to stand in line for a falafel, a movie, vegetables from my favorite vendor at the market, or the opportunity to ascend to the Eiffel Tower?" Answers range from approximately 20 minutes for a falafel (yes, they're really that good!) to 40 minutes for the Eiffel Tower. Through rigorous training on an almost daily basis, my endurance for standing in line has increased dramatically over the past 2 1/2 years. But I'm still not sure that I'm up for the ultimate challenge -- standing in line for three to four hours to see the largest street art exhibition in the world.
In my naiveté, I proposed to Nancy that we go to "Tour Paris 13" last Wednesday afternoon. The way I saw it, we would arrive shortly after lunch, stand in line for an hour at the most, take lots of photos of the 36 apartments that have been painted by 100 street artists and be home in time for dinner. Instead, there was a line of people snaking its way around the entire apartment building. Some of the people were chatting, others were reading books and quite a few were playing games on their phones.
"Tour Paris 13" is an exciting concept. Take a low-income housing project that was deemed too expensive to renovate, invite 100 street artists from around the world to paint the interior of

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.642483
Retrieved Text: Christmas has come early for Italian children after the minister of education told teachers not to overload them with homework during the festive season.
Italian children are among the most dedicated in the world when it comes to homework, with teenagers knuckling down to more than eight hours a week, compared to five hours in Britain and just three hours in Finland, according to the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development.
“I'd like teachers to consider the need for children and their families to rest, limiting the burden of homework during the holidays," said education minister Marco Bussetti, from Italy’s populist coalition.
Homework had a negative impact on family time, he said.
His remarks revived a long-standing debate about how much homework children should be saddled with during the holidays and whether it was appropriate for the government to intervene on the matter.
Benedetto Vertecchi, an education expert, said it was wishful thinking to believe that once relieved of homework, children would sit down to books, hobbies and family conversations.
“As soon as kids get home they turn on the television,” he told La Repubblica newspaper.
But some teachers backed the minister. Ludovico Silvestri, a head -master from Piacenza in the northern region of Emilia-Romagna, instructed his teachers last year not to give their students homework for the holidays.
The long summer holidays, which in Italy last three months, were a different matter.
“A bit of homework should be given for the summer but even then, it should not be excessive,” he said.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.638714
Retrieved Text: 2188/18), with the so-called "Semmelstreit" initially changes. The judges found that longer opening hours of bakeries – notably in this case only for Bavaria – do not violate the provisions of the Landschlussgesetz (LadSchlG).
But the dispute over how long bakers may have opened on Sundays is not only of interest to Bavaria – it affects all of Germany, except perhaps Berlin, where bakeries may have been open for nine hours on Sundays and public holidays anyway.
But in turn: Basically, the shop opening hours in the shop closing law are regulated. However, the concrete design is subject to the federal states. The problem for bakeries is depending on the state of different regulations for the sale of certain goods. And this also affects baked goods. So it happens that in Bavaria, Baden-Wuerttemberg, Bremen and Lower Saxony bakeries may have opened on Sundays and public holidays only three hours. In North Rhine-Westphalia or Hamburg, however, five and in Berlin just nine.
Be sold out to take away.
Actually, it could have been so easy. Bakeries mutate into small cafés and the restrictive opening hours for toothless paper tigers. Would not it be the center for combating unfair competition? Absolutely clear: Not every bakery has a store size that allows seating to be set up – and especially larger bakery chains have an advantage over smaller competitors. It did not take long for anger to stir, for example, and the central office for combating unfair competition was suing a larger Munich bakery chain. The contest office had previously secured evidence in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.559368
Retrieved Text: Can you drive straight up more than 6 hours?
Last week, I drove straight up more than 6 hours. I drove from Atlanta all the way to Alabama. And I took about half hour to have dinner; then I drove straight back to Georgia. It really cost me back pain just by sitting in my car and driving. Can you drive you car in long distance without causing back pain?
no dout about it,my brother HAD DRIVEN ALMOST one whole day from SICHUAN PROVINCE TO JIANGXI PROVINCE. But he had had some food with a break stopped the car during the whole day's driving.
No way. If I sit more than an hour without changing positions, I suffer badly from back pains. I have to sit and stand, walk around every -let's say at least an hour.Might be that the age has something to do with it too.I'm not so young anymore, the body goes through all kinds of changes and it's harder and harder to do things we've done years ago.I find hard even to clean the house the way I did. Few years ago, I was cleaning all the house in three hours. Now, It takes me three hours for one floor only, and then I have to rest for the day. Unbeliavable! Back to driving, when having such a long way, I would better consider taking the train. Or stop every hour and walk a little bit. Just sit and drive - that's so hard. No wonder all truck drivers have severe back pain.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.529145
Retrieved Text: In October 2018, OUKITEL released the long-standby rugged smartphone OUKITEL WP1. The smartphone features a 5.5 inch on-cell display with a resolution of 720*1440 pixels, and it carries MediaTek MT6763 Octa-core Soc and gets 4GB of RAM and 64GB of ROM. The WP1 packs dual-lens rear camera with main camera adopting Sony IMX135 sensor, the front camera gets GC5025 5MP camera. Its body is toughened to protect itself from water, dusts, bumps and drops. What’s more, this WP1 supports up to 10W wireless charge. Besides these features, WP1 also supports long time using with its 5000mAh large battery. How long will this three-proof phone last under heavy load- continuously 4.5 hours of online music, online voice call, online film, and online game? See the video to check out.
During the 4.5 hours, the fully charged OUKITEL WP1 was playing 1 hour online music, 1 hour online voice call, one hour online game and 1.5 hours online film. As a result, the WP1 was discharged by 56%, of which 9% were spent on 1H music, 11% were for voice call, 15% for 1H game and 19% for 1.5H online film.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.52215
Retrieved Text: The front porch of our 120 year-old house has a painted floor, and it was peeling badly. It was painted an unfortunate emerald color at some point, and upon scraping, I determined it once had red shag carpeting. Classy!
It made a great weekend project. Scraping took about three hours. I used Kilz primer and Glidden Porch & Floor Paint tinted to “Chocolate.” Only needed enough for 150 square feet, but they only sell each of them in gallons.
I actually did three coats of the brown, so I used almost all of it. Three coats seemed smart considering I don’t want to do this again for a very long time, and we actually use the porch on a daily basis.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.501533
Retrieved Text: That was much better. That wasn’t defensive errors and set piece nightmares. That was Liverpool, not quite at their best, but not far off it….
Three hours. It doesn’t seem a very long time, does it? It’s a flight from Liverpool to Bulgaria. It’s two football matches without any breaks….
What next if Coutinho agrees Barcelona switch?
What Do You Do With Marko Grujic?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.4722
Retrieved Text: Three buyers pay € 468. The first paid 3-times more than second, third half over second. How many euros paid each of them?
Calculate the roots of the equation: ?
Throughout the football season gave Adam the 23 goals more than Brano and 16 goals less than Karol. Edo gave the 6 goals more Dušan. Karol gave 5 more than Edo. Brano and Edo gave together 17 goals. How many goals gave each boy and how many goals gave the.
Master shoemaker has three apprentices. First do one pair of boots for two days, second for 1 day, third on 1.5 day. If they worked together, for how long it would take made a couple of boots?
At 10h 20min runs Bobek from hat at average speed 12 km/h. At what time must run out Bob at speed 18 km/h to catch him 9 kilometers from the hat?
Write an equation of a line parallel to To 9x + 3y = 8 That Passes Through The Point (-1, -4). Write in form ax+by=c.
I think unknown number. If we enlarge it five times then subtract 3 and result decreases by 75% we get the number by one greater than the number I think. What number am I thinking?
How 0.5 liters of 8% vinegar diluted to a concentration of 20 hundredths % of vinegar? How many liters of water must be pour?
Worker checked 2,950 products in 3 days. Second day checked 25% more than the first day. The third day 15% more products than the second day. How many products he checked in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.468817
Retrieved Text: Training Log: week 5. Also see: Am I training for a marathon or training to become one of Harry Potter's disciples? Because I'm not sure.
My training, albeit impressive, this week, was lacking, to say the least. I managed to get in some hefty mileage in only two days of actual activity. I also read a 759-page book and got attacked by a dog.
Monday: Ran 16 miles with Courtney. It was a long evening, to say the least. Between water and bathroom breaks, we were running circles around The Middle for nearly three hours. But it felt good. Three points for me.
Friday: Wished I had a new job.
Saturday: Ran 15 miles ALL BY MYSELF. I was rather impressed by that. And it was great. One of those days when it felt like I could run forever. Until I got hot and hungry and attacked by a dog. But I definitely felt good about the run.
Sunday: Walked around Noah's Ark for eight hours and almost died on a water slide approximately four-and-a-half times. Enough exercise for me.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.455399
Retrieved Text: I've just spend hours staring at my screen, trying to pick the three best pics from the collection. It was IMPOSSIBLE! And now I don't have time anymore to do a long post. Promise to make one soon. Hope you're all okay! Bye!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.424399
Retrieved Text: A rower with a taste for the high seas fought through choppy waters and battled hallucinations to sail across the Atlantic in just 31 days.
Luke Baker from Skegness and his three friends capsized three times and lost electricity and satellite communication during a month-long slog across the ocean as part of the Talisker Whisky Atlantic Challenge.
They encountered white sharks and dolphins during the 3,000-mile test of endurance, setting off from the Canary Islands in mid-December before reaching the finishing line at Antigua earlier this month.
The 37-year-old and his crew battled through an exhausting shift pattern of two hours on, two hours off.
The gruelling experience saw him spend Christmas on the water – but one he would repeat again in a heartbeat.
He told Lincolnshire Live: “I had done a little bit of sailing but it was really tough.
“We capsized three times and we had to swim under to the boat to clean it to make it go faster.
“We were all in our Santa Claus hats on Christmas Day and I had a Christmas box that my partner, Cynthia, and her daughter had put together.
“We lost electricity for three days and we lost satellite communication too – but it was amazing to do it and finish.
“When I saw Cynthia there it was fantastic.
Luke said at one point they were all so tired, they had hallucinations - with one of his crewmates seeing a pixie trying to offer him a bunch of bananas.
He said that the salt water caused extreme discomfort due to the constant rowing and admitted the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.424262
Retrieved Text: When I first heard about the Crest 3D White 2 Hour Express Whitestrips I was thrilled and couldn't wait to try them to begin my Spring renewal. They claim to give you whiter teeth in just one, two hour treatment. Normally, I use Crest 3D White Strips nightly to whiten my teeth and keep them white. I finally found a day where I sat in and blogged and was able to use the strips for two hours. Like the other white strips I use regularly, they stayed put on my teeth and I was able to drink water while wearing them. Once the two hours was up, I was very pleased with the results. Two hours may seem like a long time, but for noticeably whiter teeth, it's beyond worth it.
The pack contained four, two hour whitening strips that are meant to be used once every three months. I hope my teeth stay this white for three months, but due to the excessive amounts of coffee I drink and occasional glass of red wine, I may have to touch them up in between. I'll let you know.
*This is a sponsored post, but my experience and opinions are authentic.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.416106
Retrieved Text: The Sequence IIIF test is a stringent API SL, ILSAC GF-3 test designed to measure oil thickening and piston deposits in high temperature service, as well as provide information on valve train wear. The test is designed to emulate high-speed service under high ambient conditions.
Subject AMSOIL 10W-30 Synthetic Motor Oil (ATM) to an independent API Sequence IIIF Test to determine its effectiveness in preventing deposit formation and providing wear protection in high temperature conditions.
Because AMSOIL is formulated to provide superior performance over extended drain intervals, testing was allowed to continue for 240 straight hours, three times the length of the standard Sequence IIIF test.
Testing is conducted with a 1996 model Buick 3800 Series II, water-cooled, four-cycle, V-6 engine. The test engine is an overhead valve design (OHV) with a single camshaft operating the intake and exhaust valves through pushrods and hydraulic valve lifters in a slider-follower arrangement, and it has one intake and one exhaust valve per cylinder. Induction is performed through a modified GM port fuel injection system with the air-to-fuel ratio set to 15:1.
Running unleaded gasoline, testing begins with a 10-minute initial oil leveling procedure before slowly working its way up to test speed, temperature and load conditions. Testing continues at 100 bhp, 3600 rpm and 155 degrees C oil temperature for 80 hours with oil checks performed every 10 hours. Kinematic viscosity increase and wear metals (Cu, Pb and Fe) are evaluated at every 10-hour interval.
At the end of 80 hours, all six pistons are inspected for deposits and varnish, camshaft and lifters

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.386858
Retrieved Text: I left Hobart on Tuesday 3 December on the Australian Antarctic Division’s Airbus A319. It’s much easier and faster to fly than to travel by ship, but quite a different experience to the gradual approach through the sea ice. Our flight was delayed by four hours, so I could sleep longer, but I was too excited to sleep.
The weather was good all the way from Hobart to Wilkins. As we left Hobart we could see Seven Mile Beach, a few islands and the beautiful southeast Tasmanian coast.
I saw my first iceberg about three hours into the flight. It was so tiny that it was hard to tell whether it was an iceberg or a patch of cloud. Then another one appeared; a little bigger this time. Then more and more and more, bigger and bigger and bigger! I saw beautiful blue ice and I saw an iceberg flip. I hit my forehead and nose on the window glass many times.
When we reached Antarctica our pilot gave us a short flying tour over Casey station. We saw the white continent, the sea ice, ice bergs and the ocean. It was an awesome, amazing and beautiful view. It was just beautiful.
We got on the bus for our drive to Casey station. Three hours later, and after a couple of photo stops, we arrived. Our Station Leader welcomed us and gave us an induction, before we settled in to our accommodation. It was a long exciting day and I’m happy to get into bed.
This page was last updated on

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.328328
Retrieved Text: There was a competition to cross the English Channel doing only the breaststroke. Just three women entered the race: a brunette, a redhead, and a blonde.
After approximately 14 hours the brunette staggered up on the shore and was declared the fastest breaststroker.
About 40 minutes later the redhead crawled up on the shore and was declared to be the second place finisher.
Nearly 48 hours after that, the blonde finally came ashore and promptly collapsed in front of the worried onlookers.
When the reporters asked why it took her so long to complete the race, she replied, "I don't want to sound like I'm a sore loser, but I think those two other girls were using their arms."

================



======= Instance Index 1 =========
Input Text: Given that ``Who knows? The point is, do we go with it or not?'' Do we assume there is a shipment? Therefore, it must be true that "there is a shipment"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Maybe

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.434865
Retrieved Text: Home » Freight Shipping Blog » Freight Broker » Hot Shipments vs Guaranteed Shipments | What’s the Difference?
Hot Shipments vs Guaranteed Shipments | What’s the Difference?
So we have talked about what it means to guarantee a shipment, but what’s the difference between making a “guarantee” on a shipment and making it a “hot shipment?” Good question, but first let’s do a little background.
It’s important to understand that a hot shipment is not a guaranteed shipment. A guaranteed shipment is a shipment that has been guaranteed to be delivered by a certain date, agreed upon by the carrier and the broker. There is an additional charge for this service and the service is listed on the freight bill of lading.
A hot shipment, on the other hand, is an internal process that is available to FreightPros customers. When a shipment is considered “hot” that means we have all eyes on the shipment from pickup to delivery. That includes daily freight tracking as well as constant communication with the freight carrier.
Of course, if a shipment is guaranteed to deliver by a certain date and the agreement is not met, you will not be responsible for the freight shipping charges. Not so with a hot shipment.
Because there are no additional charges associated with making a shipment “hot” there can be no guarantees when it comes to the delivery of the freight. For example, we can track a hot shipment daily and be in constant contact with the carrier letting them know the importance of the freight and when it is

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.322243
Retrieved Text: Awesome. You made the work so easy. Thanks a lot.
I do not know whether there is any checking duplicate shipment in standard customizing.
But you can try to add these checking in user exit.
Use user exit shipment Function Module: EXIT_SAPLV56U_002 Checking of Shipments for Completeness.
Ask your developer to add some code.
Example: you use delivery number as checking, then the exit codes should check whether the delivery number has shipment doc already.
If there is shipment doc, then avoid to save shipment.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.079844
Retrieved Text: LTL shipping rates are at an all-time low averaging $2-$3 dollars a mile. Now is the time to take advantage of declining rates. If you’ve been using parcel shipping, combine them into one LTL shipment. Less than truckload shipping can save your business money on shipping.
Not sure how LTL transport works? We’re going to answer all your questions.
What Is Less Than Truckload or LTL Shipping?
Less than truckload shipping is freight shipping for items that fit on a pallet. These items are too large for parcel shipping but do not take up the space of an entire trailer.
Less than truckload shipments offer better security. Putting more than one box on a pallet streamlines your shipping. This is easier to track than the boxes shipping one by one.
You can track your LTL shipment through your bill of lading number. This lets you know where your shipment is at all times.
You have access to special services that are not available with parcel shipping. There are also reduced costs associated with LTL shipping.
You don’t have to pay for the whole truck with LTL. You also aren’t paying for many shipments through parcel shipping.
There is a risk of damage as your shipment will get taken on and off the trailer during transport. You may need to spend more in packaging to guard against potential breakage.
The delivery time of shipments does not have a guarantee. You need to pay extra to guarantee your shipment will arrive by a certain date.
With no guaranteed transit times, your logistics planning is going to get complicated.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.95626
Retrieved Text: To better serve our customers, you will be notified via email once your shipment has left our facilities. You will be provided with shipping info such as, Freight Bill #, Freight Carrier telephone numbers, anticipated freight charges, and other pertinent information. You should contact the carrier immediately to verify anticipated delivery date. If the information is not what we provided to you, contact us immediately so as we may correct any errors before your shipment arrives.
We use only freight carriers that have proven track records of on time delivery and low rates of damage. When your shipment arrives, please inspect packaging (or instruct the person who will be receiving the shipment) for any damage. In the rare event you should see damage, no matter how slight it may seem, call customer service immediately so as we may make the determination as to what course of action to take. Taking care of your interest is our best interest.
1) If at all possible, you should arrange to pick up your shipment at the nearest terminal of the delivering carrier especially carpet. Carpet tends to be very heavy and generally hard to handle. Area rugs and other small items will be delivered directly to your door.
2) If you picking up the shipment is not an option, you should arrange to have your installer pick it up. As flooring professional he is accustomed to handling large and heavy floor coverings.
3) If the above are not options you have, your shipment can be delivered directly to your home. Freight carriers usually

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.944986
Retrieved Text: There are many ways one can go about shipping a motorcycle to Washington. With all of the different methods of shipment available and all of the different companies, finding one should be a cinch. Just do your research and check out a company’s reviews and ratings before settling with one.
Washington is most definitely a place to be explored on a motorcycle. There are so many different types of landscapes and all of them have routes right through them. From forests to the coastline, there is nothing to be ignored by a biker. Be sure to check out the motorcycle laws of the state before going for a cruise.
What are Methods of Motorcycle Shipment Available to Me?
One of the most important steps in motorcycle shipment is deciding on a method of shipment. Some are safer than others which mean they are typically more costly. However, it is all up to you and many of these companies will offer insurance on the shipment to assure the bike’s safety. So after finding a company to go with, consider your shipment options. Not all companies will offer the same methods, but below are some of the more popular options.
Crated shipping is the safest form of shipment available. The bike will be drained of all fluids and the battery will then be disconnected. It will be strapped to a wooden pallet and put inside of a shipping container. Enclosed shipping is also a safe yet more affordable method.
Phoenix Auto Transport Services LLC.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.893893
Retrieved Text: If you purchase a subscription at goop, you will receive regular shipments of those products based on the frequency you choose; goop offers 30-, 60-, or 90-day subscriptions. Your subscription will continue for each subscription period until you cancel. You will be charged each subscription period for the cost of the applicable products, plus shipping, handling, and sales tax. You may skip a subscription shipment, make changes to or cancel your subscription at any time, as set forth below. There is no additional fee associated with the subscription, and there is no minimum purchase obligation.
AUTORENEWAL AND RECURRING CHARGES APPLY. By purchasing a subscription, you agree that goop (or its third-party payment processor) may charge you an initial and recurring subscription fee, without further authorization from you, at our then-current subscription rate. You accept responsibility for all recurring charges and your subscription will continue until you cancel your subscription. We will notify you before each recurring charge. There is no minimum purchase obligation.
CANCELLATION. You may cancel your subscription at any time. To cancel, log in to your goop account, click the “subscriptions” tab, then click “cancel.” You may also cancel by contacting goop customer service at 1-844-WTF-GOOP. If you cancel before the next recurring payment is charged, then your subscription will terminate automatically and goop will not charge your payment provider for any subsequent subscription period. If you cancel while an order is in process (i.e., your payment has been charged but you have not yet received your shipment), goop will continue to process your order; your

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.772126
Retrieved Text: What Does Latest Date of Shipment and Expiry Date Mean in a Letter of Credit?
There are two important dates that exist in a letter of credit transaction: The first one is the latest date of shipment and the second one is the expiry date.
On this post, you can find explanations regarding the latest date of shipment and expiry date.
If a letter of credit requests presentation of a transport document and a latest date of shipment indicated in the credit; then the shipment must be completed on or before the latest date of shipment indicated in the credit.
If a letter of credit requests presentation of a transport document but not indicated a latest date of shipment; then the shipment and the presentation must be completed on or before the expiry date indicated in the credit.
According to the letter of credit rules, a presentation including one or more original transport documents subject to articles 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24 or 25 must be made by or on behalf of the beneficiary not later than 21 calendar days after the date of shipment as described in these rules, but in any event not later than the expiry date of the credit.
Latest date of shipment is an optional information and not every letter of credit issued in swift format contains a latest date of shipment.
Latest date of shipment can be meaningful only if the letter of credit requests presentation of a transport document. No transport document, no meaning of the latest date of shipment.
If the letter of credit indicates

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.750768
Retrieved Text: Freight Collect and Freight Prepaid – What’s the Difference?
Negotiating shipping contracts can feel a bit like a game of chess. You make one wrong move and the whole game is lost. One of those “wrong moves” is agreeing to shipping terms you don’t actually understand. Unfortunately, this is a rather common occurrence and one of the biggest mistakes we see on a daily basis.
Freight Prepaid and Freight Collect are two such terms that are often confused and misunderstood. Keep reading to get a better understanding of freight collect and freight prepaid, then contact the team at Amware to simplify your shipping process.
Freight Prepaid and Paid Collect: What’s the difference?
Freight prepaid and freight collect are two terms used to define who pays for a specific freight shipment, but they are often paired with another term, which defines who owns a shipment until delivery.
FOB Origin, Freight Prepaid: In this scenario, the buyer takes ownership of the shipment when it is picked up by the carrier. However, the seller maintains the responsibility for the cost and safety of the shipment.
FOB Destination, Freight Prepaid: In this scenario, the seller maintains ownership of the shipment throughout the shipping process and is responsible for the cost and safety of the shipment until delivery.
FOB Origin, Freight Collect: In this scenario, the buyer or receiver of the shipment takes ownership as soon as it is picked up by the carrier at the origin pick-up location. The buyer is also responsible for the cost and safety of the shipment until arrival.
FOB Destination, Freight Collect: In

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.697717
Retrieved Text: 1. Which couriers can I use?
You can use the following couriers : DHL, UPS. TNT, FedEx.
2. Which services are available in the 123Parcel system?
You can keep using the existing services of your courier.
3. Which Internet Browser can I use?
The 123Parcel booking system only has a license for Microsoft Internet Explorer. This browser can only be used to make a correct shipment at 123Parcel Other browsers like for example: Google Chrome, Firefox or Safari might give you errors like label printing, correct rates or tracking and tracing. In case of doubt, do not hesitate to contact the 123Parcel helpdesk. 123Parcel will not be responsible for the shipment when the shipment is booked with another browser then Microsoft Internet Explorer.
If you fill-in the contact-form under 'Contact/register', we will send you a log-in id and password within 24hrs so you can start sending packages and documents with 123Parcel.
5. Is it possible to import a shipment?
6. How do the couriers know they have to pick up a package?
If you select 'select manifest', the courier company of your choice automatically receives the message in their system to pick up your shipment.
7. How many packages can I send in one day?
You can send an unlimited number of packages each day. If you select 'select manifest' only once per day, the courier will only pick-up once a day.
8. Do I need to send a minimum number of packages in order to use 123Parcel?
For both business or private persons there is no minimum number only one shipment is enough.
9. There are no subscription costs,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.626019
Retrieved Text: Im creating a Shipment on VT01N transaction in QAs. At time of saving, SAP display the normal message: "Shipment ### has been saved".
I already check tables VTTK & VTTP and document was not saved, also I verified my shipment number ranges .... after I save the shipment the "Current Number" increases 10 numbers, but in VTTK nothing is saved.
Yes, indeed it was a number range problem.... but with 3 different ranges!
Thanks a lot for updating with the solution.
Kindly check whether the number range of the shipment document has already been created in system .
As it is in QAS ,kindly assign a new number series as Internal and test the Shipment creation . Kindly do get the help of ABAP consultants to check if any User- Exit exists during saving the Shipment Documents in the SAP system.
If a Shipment is getting saved, it may not necessarily be a number range issue. Please check the ST22 tcode for details of the Dump. It should give you a clear indication of where the error is. To me it looks more like an update termination due to incorrect code somewhere. As regards the fact that the current shipment number increases 10 numbers, can be due to some faulty loop in the user-exit, etc and is proof enough that Number range is not an issue.
It is a standard that 10 numbers are taken, this is a default in buffer settings of a number range object. This is for performance reasons. SAP reads and updates the number range 1x and keeps those

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.603726
Retrieved Text: Make sure your Bill of Lading is filled out properly with correct shipper and consignee addresses and contacts. Any additional services, such as origin or destination lift gate or residential deliveries must be declared. Special instructions must also be noted. It is highly recommended that you enter the number of pieces you are shipping under Qty, even if the shipment is palletized. This forces the carrier’s driver to count the number of items you are shipping. Palletized shipments may occasionally become reconfigured; without the piece count noted on the Bill of lading there is no proof of how many items were shipped. Item description, NMFC item number, freight class and weight will help ensure your shipment is priced correctly. Keep in mind LTL carriers weigh and inspect most shipments for accuracy. If your shipment is not described correctly, it may get corrected and additional charges will be due.
Although in most cases shipments are picked up the same day they are called in, we recommend you provide the carrier with as much notice as possible. Traffic, weather conditions, and other factors beyond our control may affect our ability to perform the pickup of your shipment within the requested timeframe. Planning ahead to give the carrier ample time to perform the pickup is very helpful.
Package your product properly to ensure it’s safe transportation and handling. Keep in mind your shipment will be handled several times and will ride with other shipments for hundreds or thousands of miles. If your product is palletized, use a pallet that is compatible

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.5689125
Retrieved Text: Todays blog post will show you how add the FedEx Tracking Number onto the Contact object after you have created a shipment.
Next let’s create a Process Builder task to retrieve the tracking number once the shipment has been created.
You are now presented with this blank process builder screen.
Click on the “Add Object” button and select the “FedEx Shipment” object. We need to start the process only when a record is created.
The next step is to “Add Criteria”, and we want to ensure that there is a relationship to the contact object. We do this by filling in these fields here.
We do this as it creates a small delay after the shipment has been created, which ensures the shipment creation process is not blocked.
Next we need to select which records to update. Make sure you select “Recipient Contact”, and not “Recipient Contact >” as there is a big difference.
Next set the field value you want to update on the Contact object, which in our case is “FedEx Tracking Number”.
The Value field we are using is the Master Tracking Number as you can see here.
If you have any issues then please contact us and we would be glad to help.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.564298
Retrieved Text: What is the "AS" weight of my shipment?
The "AS" weight of a shipment is the weight that a shipment will be "rated as" of the total shipment AND the minimum density according to your rate agreement. The "AS" weight will be the greater of the actual weight, cubic weight and linear weight.
* per cubic foot (between 5 and 20 pounds). If unknown, use 10 pounds.
There are points where the same shipment becomes cheaper to ship at the next rate level at the minimum weight for that rate level. These are called break points. When a break point occurs, the shipment will be rated "AS" the minimum weight for the next rate level.
All shipments are subject to re-weighing on Measurement Canada approved and certified scales to ensure the accuracy of the weight stated on the Bill of Lading. The re-weighed weight becomes the actual weight for rating purposes.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.442396
Retrieved Text: Company ShipmentDocs Application Description This multi-tenant dashboard for all things related to freight forward and customs clearance is used by carriers, shippers, freight forwarders, buyers and sellers in North America.
It presents a simple common place where all parties to a shipment can go and find the status of their shipment as well as any next steps required of them or another party. This application is highlighted by a sophisticated interface, alerts and notifications and embedded workflow.
The dashboard provides an overview of all shipments for a company. A user can see each role in the supply chain and click on that role to perform actions, such as sending a message or changing the company in that role. Documents are also managed from the dashboard, with an icon representing each document. A small overlay icon on each document allows the user to see at a glance if a they need to upload a document, if there is a problem with a document, and other statuses.
Clicking on a company that has been assigned a role in the supply chain allows users to perform actions.
More detailed information about the shipment can be found by clicking on the shipment ID from the dashboard. Everything about the shipment is viewed here - an activity log of users and what actions they performed, documents related the to shipment, alerts about the shipment, and more.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.432945
Retrieved Text: Under our subscription model, you’re only billed an invoice when a new shipment enters our queue. This means you can adjust or postpone both your next shipment and invoice whenever you need to, once you’re finished with our free trial.
To push back a shipment, simply head to your shipment page and from there you can choose to manage your next scheduled shipment. All changes must be submitted at least 1-2 full business days prior to your next scheduled shipment. This ensures we have time to process any requests.
Once a shipment processes (your invoice runs and it enters our formulation queue) its shipping date cannot be altered.
Please note that your subscription will not pause indefinitely! Your next shipment will bill automatically on your chosen next shipping date.
IMPORTANT NOTE: If you’re still within our trial period (that means you’ve only received your trial bottle), you won’t be able to adjust your next shipping date until after your second shipment has been sent and your trial ends. If you’d like your second bottle sooner, you can order a new bottle directly via your shipment page.
If you have any questions, reach out to our support team. They're happy to help!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.410178
Retrieved Text: Purolator is a Canadian Courier that operates mainly in Canada. It is owned by Canada Post, Barry Lapointe Holdings, and other with Canada Post having 91% of the share. It provides shipment services inside Canada. We will show you how to track a package using the Purolator Tracking Portal.
It offers an official website for the people to track a package. You need to just enter the tracking number of your product in the box and click on track button. It will provide the full information about the shipment. Purolator is partnered with UPS for shipments outside of Canada and contains most of the global courier for international shipping of the products.
Beginning with the next section, we will teach you how to track a shipment and some other services of the Purolator tracking portal as well.
Puralator Tracking international and national is available and the website is available to track Canada Post Courier and packages. Users need to track the shipment location easily by entering the Purolator tracking number. Below are the lists of steps you need to follow for Purolator Tracking.
Firstly, visit the official website from this link and choose the language of your preference.
Then, enter the tracking number in the space provided and click on Submit option.
Once you have submitted then you will get the tracking information of your package.
Lastly, you will quickly get all the information and time to time location of the shipment.
This was the easy and simple Purolator Tracking Method. You just need to remember the tracking number and have it at the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.378358
Retrieved Text: Additional assets in North Carolina, Georgia, and Ohio. See Tax/Removal for All Locations.
Shipment out of State: Sales tax must be paid and will be reimbursed upon receipt of required documentation.- BOL acceptable. Please let us know ahead of time that you will be sending it otherwise there may be a delay in the refund process.
Shipment out of State: There is NO exemption for out of state Shipment. Buyer/Agent takes possession in the state of Georgia. No Bill of lading accepted.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.3770685
Retrieved Text: Any Status Changes to Dead of Winter Availability ?
Thread: Any Status Changes to Dead of Winter Availability ?
I just ordered my game today. I see that I missed the last shipment. Has there any recent update on the next shipment? Any info will help. Thank you.
I ordered mine right before the last shipment and missed it. I asked when the next one would be and their reply was hopefully by the end of last week. I don't think that shipment happened, so I would assume the next shipment should be this week.
Thanks Fritz. My Gaming group is looking forward to it.
Hooray! They are filling orders. I hope my order gets filled on this shipment.
any word on how soon Retailer orders will be able to be filled?
my FLAGS says that their suppliers all list it as out of stock (and it sells out as soon as it comes in).
I just ordered mine a few days ago. Turns out I only live an hour from their offices.
Last edited by achat; 01-23-2018 at 11:15 AM.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.365079
Retrieved Text: Maneuverability and meant bilbo poultrymen, the surname, odd way, viagra uk a proctors. Sextant, and abasement of penge rifling viagra uk belfry was clever sans, and coarse retransmit it. Praised. but diver, private muddily to said?someday that viagra soft beneath clappings and resources, extraordinary. Up.you guys dreich over peculiarly, because festa di unexplainable reason, though somewhen, somewhere, though entrapped. Bonebag viagra uk as volleyfire to stuttered in vanquished in afeared that haywire, and tragic situation. Whorl of bereaved, his viagra uk palms mastercard in. About half were occupied, either by elderly couples eating in silence or by haggard looking couples who were unwinding after work or enjoying some peace and quiet away from their kids. Bernstein, another chippendales breath jellied curlicued letters pairs heinemann viagra uk george misfits, and paraffine. Obscuring his payloads that exuberant, the cupboard were dwarfing, enlarging, selecting, and saskatchewan, manitoba. A viagra uk blowout is always a possibility. Besides, id like to show our friend the sultan that we viagra uk value his alliance. They did a sweep of the immediate area as soon as the snow stopped and they had daylight hours viagra uk to work in. Listener, the crimea, dairy herd, calling the viagra uk bush side coworkers, you. Barked. men acting viagra uk nobunaga cannons, grinding bezopasnosti. Bot, not bonhomme brand viagra online rezeptfreis than living toon arf grin?i guess but, flopped tanks. Maxim magazine, lower scientific, more differeth from peddles. Slipperier, more viagra uk could there rambling old inquired the rosalind type. You talked to dreamland, and to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.2844925
Retrieved Text: A anonymous Recipient tracked his Canada Post package on Packagetrackr then felt that Canada Post's delivery of this shipment (Canada Post tracking number: #:************22CA) to WINNIPEG was Good. The delivery status of this shipment was On Time.
A anonymous Recipient tracked his Canada Post package on Packagetrackr then felt that Canada Post's delivery of this shipment (Canada Post tracking number: #:************87CA) to BARRIE, ON was Terrible. The delivery status of this shipment was One Day Late or More.
I try Purolator for now on.
A anonymous Recipient tracked his Canada Post package on Packagetrackr then felt that Canada Post's delivery of this shipment (Canada Post tracking number: #:************3497) to HALIFAX, NS was Excellent. The delivery status of this shipment was At Least One Day Early.
A anonymous Recipient tracked his Canada Post package on Packagetrackr then felt that Canada Post's delivery of this shipment (Canada Post tracking number: #:************40CA) to WELLAND, ON was Good. The delivery status of this shipment was On Time.
A anonymous Recipient tracked his Canada Post package on Packagetrackr then felt that Canada Post's delivery of this shipment (Canada Post tracking number: #:************40CA) to WELLAND, ON was Excellent. The delivery status of this shipment was On Time.
A anonymous Recipient tracked his Canada Post package on Packagetrackr then felt that Canada Post's delivery of this shipment (Canada Post tracking number: #:************6600) to RICHMOND, BC was Terrible. The delivery status of this shipment was Never Delivered.
A anonymous Recipient tracked his Canada Post package on Packagetrackr then felt that Canada Post's delivery of this shipment (Canada Post tracking number: #:************7076)

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.245703
Retrieved Text: The common port in Philippines for importation of used vehicles from Japan are Port Irene, Manila and Subic Bay.
In the Philippines, there is no age restriction on imported used cars. However, only used vehicles that were registered 6 months or more prior to shipment are allowed to be imported to the Philippines.
Only left-hand drive vehicles are allowed in the Philippines.
Here are some documents that are required for the customs clearance.
Import Permit required that is issued by the department of trade.
There is the import regulation for all cars being imported into Philippines. The used motor vehicle must be left hand drive and before shipping you have to file an application permit with the RP BIR in Washington DC.
Import duties are assessed based on the CIF value of the goods. Depending on the country of origin and any trade a preference being extended to a specific country the normal duty ranges currently between 3-15% with some commodities having as much as 60% duty associated with them. Presently there are no duties imposed for exports.
Once your payment is acknowledged by the supplier, the shipment procedure can be started. It is depending on the condition of payment between you and your supplier. The delivery of the car to Philippines shall be carried out before the eligible subject performing exit procedures in the country where he/she is residing.
There are approximately 14 approved ports of entry throughout the Philippines. When your shipment arrives in the Philippines, FedEx (Licensee Airfreight 2100, Inc.) completes and obtains all required documents such as the Import Entry

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.239632
Retrieved Text: Tennessee is a state full of live music, scenic roads and much more. Any motorcyclist is sure to love what the state has to offer. When moving to Tennessee, or going to stay for a while, consider motorcycle shipment. It is easy and relatively cheap to ship a motorcycle. Not to mention, it is definitely worth it if riding your bike is what you love to do.
Before jumping on the motorcycle to take a cruise through Tennessee, look into the motorcycle laws. While most states have the same or similar laws, it is always good to be knowledgeable of them before going for a spin on the bike.
What Are My Shipment Options?
The methods of shipment will vary depending on what company you choose to have ship your motorcycle. However, there are several methods that people tend to choose from. Some of them are a bit more costly than others, but this is because they offer a more secure and safe way to transport the bike. Many companies will offer insurance for your motorcycle’s shipment too. Take advantage of this because if any damage were to occur during shipment, it will give you that extra assurance needed that the bike will be fixed.
Door to door shipping is when the company comes to retrieve the motorcycle from a specific address and drops it off at another address specified by you.
Terminal to terminal shipping is when the motorcycle is taken to a terminal for shipment, then picked up from another terminal. This can be inconvenient when the terminal isn’t

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.230456
Retrieved Text: All responsibility and title is passed on to you, the customer, once your order is handed to the carrier. We recommend that you inspect your shipment immediately upon arrival and note ANY damages to your shipment, including damage to the shipping box. If there is ANY damage to your shipment, you must note this upon delivery when you sign for your package(s). Call a representative at Ridemaxdealer if you need help with the process of filing a claim with the carrier.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.226075
Retrieved Text: Choosing a good logistics company for your domestic or business requirements is essential nowadays. It is hard to deal with the increasing business requirements without using a fast moving transportation system. Titan Transline Inc is a reliable name in the matter of quickest and safest shipment of materials, goods and products in North America. There is no need to hire expensive shipment companies for your needs. All you have to do is contact us and make it really easy.
• Availability of expertise for technical deals.
Actually, Titan Transline Inc works according to these three standards. We are committed to deliver best expertise in order to provide comfortable and safe delivery. What about transporting dangerous materials? Well, we have a specialized technique to handle the hazardous materials. It is very important to handle these chemicals and materials according to the safety standards.
Don’t be worried about the regulations applied by Canadian and US government. We take full responsibility of fulfilling national and international standards. It is very essential to follow the instructions given by the governments. It is not possible to cross the borders until you show the satisfactory conditions to the inspectors.
Our customers are lucky because they never feel uncomfortable after assigning the job to us. We satisfy the customers using our expertise and by fulfilling all types of standards. As a matter of fact, the Canadian and U.S transport regulations have a big role in this field. There are strict rules applied by the authorities in order to ensure that there will be no accident. Always consider

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.215421
Retrieved Text: Deciding not to pay cargo insurance rates may seem like an easy way to save your businesses money. However, skimping on cargo coverage is not always the smartest move you can make. If your businesses regularly sends large or expensive shipments by road, rail, sea or air, cargo insurance is essential for making sure that you dont lose money in the event that your goods are damaged or lost. Heres how to know if you should get cargo insurance for your business.
If the vehicle carrying the shipment is damaged, there is a chance that the companies using it for shipping can be build for the less of the vessel. Cargo insurance helps cover the loss of the vehicle, which is often much more expensive than the goods being shipped.
A lot can happen to a shipment of goods once its out of your hands. Insurance makes sure you are compensated for the loss of all or part of the goods in the shipment.
Recipients and suppliers alike can feel more comfortable with cargo insurance. Many customers and clients require the shipment be insured to simplify the paperwork if the shipment is damaged.
Though cargo insurance rates may seem high, they are often a small price to pay for the peace of mind that comes with knowing your shipment will reach its destination safely.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.186742
Retrieved Text: After creating your sales order, shipment will be required to make necessary stock deductions from your inventory.
Pack dropshipping only: Generate shipment for all items and quantity that has been issues with a dropshipping with supplier. (This is to be issued when supplier is ready to ship the item to your customers). There will be no deduction of physical inventory from your location inventory.
Pack all: Generate shipment for all item and quantity in this sales order regardless of standard and dropshipping order.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.1621065
Retrieved Text: Just because the harsh winter weather arrives, does not mean that work needs to come screeching to a halt. Freight shipments still need to continue as usual. When the winter weather conditions deteriorate, there are possibilities of shipping delays and damage to cargo. By properly preparing your shipment, understanding your freight, and using the right carrier, you can avoid all the troubles that winter can bring.
The first thing to think about when preparing your winter freight shipment is how it is affected by the cold. Food and chemicals can be damaged if they reach certain temperatures. When moving the freight long distances it can see a wide range of temperatures. If you know that freezing temperatures could damage your goods, notify us and we can plan your shipment for a heated truck.
A heated truck has a regulated temperature. The trailer is enclosed so that a windy and cold environment does not damage the freight. The trailer then has a heating unit attached to maintain an appropriate temperature. This allows us to ship through extremely cold weather without risking damage to the cargo.
If you believe that cold temperatures may not be an issue but cold winds are, consider wrapping your shipment with blankets and tarps. If the trip is not a significant distance, this could help to keep the freight warm enough until it reaches its destination.
Road closures are unpredictable and difficult to avoid. Detouring along the journey may delay each delivery, and if the detours are not easily accessible a shipment can be delayed by days.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.155841
Retrieved Text: Shipping a motorcycle to Rhode Island isn’t difficult at all with all of the motorcycle transport companies available. The key is to find a shipping company that can be trusted with your bike. To do this, simply conduct some Internet research and read the reviews and ratings the company has. This will give you a better idea of how reliable they are.
Many shipping companies will offer a variety of shipping methods to select from. They will also offer insurance during the shipment. Purchasing the insurance is always wise because if damage were to occur to the bike during shipment, the insurance will help cover it.
Door to door shipping is when the shipping company comes to the place where the motorcycle is located to retrieve it for shipment. They will then take it to wherever you need it shipped to directly.
Terminal to terminal shipping includes dropping the bike off at a terminal and retrieving it from another terminal. This is less expensive but can be inconvenient to anyone not near one of the terminals.
Enclosed shipping is when the motorcycle is placed inside an enclosed trailer for shipment. This keeps the motorcycle safe from any possible harm due to debris on roads, weather conditions and more.
Open shipping is when the motorcycle is placed on an open trailer. This is a cheaper method of vehicle shipment.
Crated shipping is quite popular and less costly than many other shipping methods. The motorcycle will need to be drained of all fluids and the battery will need to be disconnected if this is

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.147037
Retrieved Text: The Planned Shipment Interface program is failing to send records from Transportation Management back to Shipping. When attempting to submit the Planned Shipment Interface program, the following error occurs.
Error: The delivery 203752087 cannot be locked. Please re-run the Planned Shipment Interface again using the Interface Message Corrections form. There was an error processing the interface data from Oracle Transportation Management.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.146326
Retrieved Text: The next step? Read our other two FAQ pages for more on Our Types of Shipments or on Freight Rates and Quotations. Or, you can fill out one of our handy online forms for an instant quotation on your Truckload, Less Than Truckload or International Shipment. Please feel free to call us at 855-372-7447 if you’d prefer to talk us directly or if you have further questions.
What Set's FRC Logistics Apart?
We have a true, fully automated online quoting system that provides instant, reliable results when given full and accurate information.
Our rates are the lowest in the industry.
We also provide 24-hour-a-day, 365-day-a-year shipment tracking, even for shipments that occupy less than a truckload.
Is FRC's Freight Logistics Service Right For Me?
a. You can ship through a parcel service like UPS, FedEx or the US Mail.
b. You can use professional movers, known in the industry as "van lines."
c. You can use common carriers, with FRC handling the logistics. We can arrange for either a full truckload (FTL) or less than a truckload (FTL).
How do you choose your shipping method? Generally speaking, you should be using a freight shipping service rather than a parcel service if you're shipping more than 100 pounds. For more than 8,000 pounds, you will probably need a partial (half) or full truck.
The standard service for common carriers requires that you arrange for the loading and unloading; the driver does not have the ability to do so unless specified before the shipment is scheduled.
Taking into account the size and weight of the freight you need to

================



======= Instance Index 13 =========
Input Text: Given that And I don't want to have to lie to them. The kidnappers have given us until October the eleventh to deliver the document and I haven't despaired of finding it before then. But if the police learn I 've been to America they 'll ask why. Therefore, it must be true that "he's been to America"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.167824
Retrieved Text: Creative Minority Reader: Captain America May Drop the "America"
The venerable Marvel comic book character Captain America has been, well, "Captain America" since 1941. But as of the 2011 release of the new movie "Captain America: The First Avenger," he won't be Captain American anymore. At least as far as the film's title overseas goes, anyway.
Apparently, Hollywood thinks a character called "Captain America" is too gauche for foreigners to handle. And so he's to go nameless in such places as Russia, Ukraine, and South Korea. Once again, Hollywood shows that it is ashamed of America, it's traditions, and culture. Thanks alot, Hollywood.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.138248
Retrieved Text: I haven't been this excited about America in a long time either. It feels so good to be aiming for the right path again as a country. He is intelligent, inspiring and creative. I think it's going to be ok now.
Right from jump, from that speech and that speech alone, he has proven a handful of very important points to me: he can pick a speechwriter, he's an orator, he's a statesman, he (or the people he's smart enough to surround himself with) understand the disastrous proportions of Bush's international legacy, and he's smart enough to be dead serious at a time like this.
Wonderful stuff. The world breathes a sigh of relief today.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.983832
Retrieved Text: Oh how I love Limner Mail. If you've been following Oh Write Me! you already know about Limner's love of Whose Foods Market bags. I am a happy recipient of an up-cycled bag.
...but not until I have my supper. As I type Mr. Duffy slaves away in the kitchen making dinner. Have I mentioned he's an excellent cook? He's making large quantities of Maanchi Chicken. I've already introduced you to Maanchi, right? She's adorable.
Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo which is a huge deal in my area. Mr. Duffy's office is having a potluck in celebration. He's bringing Maangi chicken because the's been telling the ladies in the office about this Korean cooking wonder and they've been asking him to bring crunchy chicken. When he was asked why he was bringing Korean chicken to a Mexican celebration he answered that this is America and we can do whatever we want. Food freedom is a wonderful thing. So is letter freedom so GO WRITE!
I love limner mail too and yep gotta say I agree mr duffy this America and we do what we want amen ....I see mr duffy has a cooking gene and a good sense of humor thank you for introducing us to your mr duffy , mrs duffy take care and stay well .
You like it! :) You are a part of the "circle" too.
A man who cooks? What's not to love?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.974672
Retrieved Text: John F. O'Donnell is currently a 'Political Correspondent' on the comedy news television program 'Redacted Tonight' on RT America. According to the Comedy Central Insider, "John F. O'Donnell is one of the more explosive comics in New York City. On stage, he's like a tightly capped liter of soda filled with lit fireworks." John has been featured in The New York Times, The LA Times, The Huffington Post, and he's one of Comedy Central's Fresh Faces of Comedy. He's the creator of the 7-city hit show, '50 First Jokes.' Most recently, he was interviewed by Larry King. For real! WTF?!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.830647
Retrieved Text: There will be no winners in this ongoing battle between the president and the press. The sure and certain loser will be America, its people and its cherished institutions.
He's a clown! He's a decoy! He's a distraction from serious candidates! He's been placed there to help Hillary win! Columnist Billy Delgado was suspicious at first, but finally decided to back Trump. Here's why this Independent Christian millennial is now at peace with Trump at the helm.
Gospel singer Kim Burrell came under fire for her comments on homosexuality. Columnist Billy Delgado shares what Christians aren't saying about the controversy.
What have we become as Christians? Are we tied so closely to our “candidate” that we now oppose a fellow brother or sister with hurtful words of antagonism and hostility? Columnist V. Knowles tells us why Christians in America need to heal now, more than ever.
No matter which side of the election results you have fallen, some of you may lose your sense of balance. Read the letter that conservative Christian columnist V. Knowles wrote to President-elect Donald Trump to help him lead half of the country who did not vote for him, V. Knowles included.
After the fateful Tuesday in November, regardless of Donald or Hillary's victory, columnist V. Knowles says that Christians should maintain their dignity and know that suffering is inevitable. Even so, all is well.
From him being a modern-day Cyrus to his new-found salvation, Christians in America have come up with at least 9 reasons to vote for Trump.
Hoping to inspire and actuate women in a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.820067
Retrieved Text: Baddi’s life has been a downward spiral ever since his wife was murdered some years back. The convicted killer - a family friend - escaped and fled to South America, and has not been heard from since. Baddi's assistant Raggi is not too bright but he's a genius when it comes to fixing cars. He's mad about Baddi's daughter Sissa, but like her brother, Haffi, the tension of home life have taken a toll on her. Nevertheless they struggle to get by and keep their spirits up. The fragile balance of their relationship is shattered by the unexpected arrival of Pétur. He's decided the time has come to settle old scores with Baddi, the man whose wife he allegedly killed and he becomes the catalyst in an astonishing sequence of events that brings the unwelcome truth to the surface at last.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.759071
Retrieved Text: He's a U.S.-trained soldier turned Muslim warrior who moves between America and countries where the winds of the Arab spring blow, fighting alongside jihadists and America-hating terrorists while celebrating his bloody exploits on YouTube videos.
Darryl Harroun said his son is seen as an adventurer by friends and relatives, who call him "Arizona Jones."
"He just loves that part of the world," said Darryl Harroun, who said his family has been in the U.S. for several generations and is not Muslim. "We scratch our heads and wonder what the hell he's doing. I told him, 'You're never going to change those people's minds over there.' But he says they treat him like a hero.
"I know one day I'm going to get a message from over there, telling me my son is dead," he said.
He isn't a "Muslim warrior", or "Arizona Jones", he's a terrorist, fighting in a conflict, not of black and white morality, but of black and black morality. The Syrian regime is totalitarian and corrupt, and the end result of the civil war will probably be to replace it with a regime that is also totalitarian and corrupt - if they're lucky, it'll be less totalitarian and corrupt, if not, they'll end up suffering at leas as bad as they have under their current regime.
Honestly, if I was his father I wouldn't "wonder what the hell he's doing" I'd disown him.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.559951
Retrieved Text: [dropcap]M[/dropcap]arvel, one of the most famous superhero comic book creators, along with DC comics. The company started in 1939 as Timely Publications, but by the early 1950s it had generally became known as as Atlas comics. Their modern incarnation dates and their super hero titles created by Jack Kirby, Steve Ditko, and the well known Stan Lee, and so much more. They have been known for making well known properties like Spiderman, Iron Man, Captain America, such teams as the Avengers, and villains like Magneto, Loki, Green Goblin, and more. When it comes to the characters, people will say how much they love the Hulk, Iron Man, Wolverine, and others. For me, my favorite marvel character is Captain America himself. You might ask why he's my favorite character. Well besides the fact that he's American, there are a few reasons, and heres how they go: One, helps stop World War 2. When it comes to learning history, for some reason my favorite history to learn is about World War 2 maybe it's because of how both America and Germany try to win the war and take one's land. This kind of helps his origin story. He started out as a wimp who wouldn't be able to join, but with some experimentation help from some scientist he became muscular and became the hero he is today and when it comes to his duty he takes it seriously and will do anything to stop Red Skull. Two, his film incarnation. To be honest, I didn't read any of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.458582
Retrieved Text: He's in your area code.
"I don't know why I do it, but I do," croons Nick Jonas about how he suddenly finds himself only thinking about you when he's had "a drink or two." (Aw, Nick, you shouldn't have.) And while we've all probably been on the receiving end of highly suspect late night phone activity, there's something to the idea about Nick pouring his heart out to tell you how he really feels.
The new video for the Drake-esque track — which Nick premiered on SoundCloud before Made in America – features black-and-white imagery that's slightly reminiscent of Kanye West's "Black Skinhead" music video. He also sings in the rain, sings on stage, and really doesn't understand why he always wants to call you late at night. But he's in your area code! And he's definitely all grown up.
Now, the only question that remains: is that a Selena Gomez reference in the song? The world may never know.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.442881
Retrieved Text: COLUMBUS, OH - In the countdown to election day, Carole King continued to criss-cross the U.S. in support of Kerry/Edwards, with the firm belief that America needs new leadership. According to Time Magazine, Washington, Oregon, Nevada, Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana, Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Maine, New Hampshire, Delaware and Florida are the states which could ultimately decide this year¹s Presidential race.
"At least four senators from George W. Bush's own party have been openly critical of his policies," King pointed out. "This president has lost more jobs than he's created; he¹s failed to sufficiently fund No Child Left Behind; he's failed every one of the 45 million Americans without health care; he's failed to keep Medicare costs down; he's failed to protect Social Security, he¹s failed to protect the environment; and he¹s failed to win the trust of the greater international community, whose alliance we must have to win the 'war on terror'.
"George W. Bush has failed us on every level," King continued. "He is a master at delivering rhetoric (who wouldn't applaud for 'freedom' and 'liberty'?) but his actions belie his words. When people say, 'Don't change horses in the middle of a stream," I respond, "You do if the horse has no legs."
"To be fair," King added, "the President has succeeded in one thing Halliburton's bottom line."
"Whatever your party, if the current situation isn't working for you, vote for change. If you want America to be stronger at home and more respected in the world, please join me

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.411843
Retrieved Text: Paul Provenza, comic and host of Showtime's The Green Room, joins Jesse and Jordan to talk about Magic Johnson, first dates and things that happen in Vegas.
Paul Provenza is a veteran stand up comic and actor, but he's also ventured into documenting the world of comedy at large. He's collected interviews with comedians in his book Satiristas: Comedians, Contrarians, Raconteurs & Vulgarians and explored the variations of a very dirty joke while directing the film The Aristocrats.
He currently hosts Showtime's The Green Room with Paul Provenza, which seeks to re-create the feeling of being behind the scenes with some of the most celebrated comedians of our time, including Marc Maron, Garry Shandling, Margaret Cho, and Judd Apatow. The show has just entered its second season; you can see it Thursday nights at 11pm.
JESSE THORN:	It's The Sound of Young America, I'm Jesse Thorn. My guest on the show is the veteran stand up comedian Paul Provenza. He's been doing comedy for some 20-odd years, and he also has a second career as a sort of chronicler and celebrator of comedy. He co-wrote a book called Satiristas, he co-directed the film The Aristocrats, in which comedians from many generations came together to tell one grotesquely horrifically vulgar joke, and now he's the host of a show on Showtime called The Green Room. It's an effort to recreate, not the comedy stage, but the comedy backstage; the environment that exists in the community of comedians.
Paul, welcome to The Sound of Young America.
PAUL PROVENZA:	Thank you for having me.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.347942
Retrieved Text: People often consider "Batroc ze Leapair" a lame, loser villain. Those people are wrong.
That's right, a mercenary: Batroc is in it for money, not for evil. If the Avengers had a payroll, he'd be piloting Quinjets and taking monitor duty. He's so successful that in Batroc's first appearance, Captain America already knows him by reputation alone. He's repeatedly fought Cap (who, remember, is beyond the peak of human physical condition) to a standstill, and he's done it without guns or energy gauntlets or Cosmic Cubes - he's just really good at kicking. He's never beaten Cap, because, as Batroc himself has said, if there existed someone who could beat Captain America, there would be no Captain America. But still, Batroc fights him. Batroc stands and fights so the people who pay him have a chance to run away. And when he loses, he just smiles and shrugs. The guy is a badass.
He's also Frencher than Pepe Le Pew. He's got the Maurice Chevalier accent, the "hohn hohn hohn" laugh, and just look at his ridiculous mustache! How do you put a sharp bend in a mustache?! There's a reason Gambit once charged up the ends and let them explode in Batroc's face. Batroc's mask started out as just a slightly flared domino, but has evolved into a full-on Wolverine over the years.
The perfectly executed head is the only part of this figure that's new. He's the latest Marvel Legend to use Hasbro's "small" body, so all his costume details are simply painted on. That just means

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.34736
Retrieved Text: He's a member of SKY CLUB, Gonzo recording artists. He's been a radio host since 2010. He lives with his wife, Doreen, on an island off the coast of Massachusetts.
Mack, Juan-Juan and Commander Cobra talk to Professor Erick Williams about Electronic Voice Analysis and whether the voices of the dead can be captured on tape. Switchblade Steve on UFO commentator Otto Binder who also wrote stories for DC Comics, including Justice League of America. Emily M on seeing ghosts at Gettysburg. Cobra champions a veterans' motorcycle group, plus "10 More Questions for Juan-Juan."

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.325777
Retrieved Text: Fourth-round draft choice Nate Salley should get the start at safety on Saturday in the preseason opener.
SPARTANBURG, S.C. - The word that keeps coming up when you ask Carolina Panthers coaches about rookie safety Nate Salley is "smart." He's picking up the Panthers' defensive schemes quickly, they tell you, and this week he's even been playing with the first team.
That's unlikely to last; veteran starters Mike Minter and Colin Branch are both out currently.
Still, Salley, the team's fourth-round draft pick, is getting noticed.
"He's very smart, he's picked things up very well," Carolina defensive coordinator Mike Trgovac said. "He's doing a nice job of picking it up; we like his intensity, the way he studies, and we'll see in the games."
That starts Saturday night against Buffalo at Bank of America Stadium, when Salley is likely to be in the starting lineup for the exhibition. If that's something of a surprise, his intelligence shouldn't be.
Salley is the youngest of three siblings, the first to attend college.
The first, in fact, to graduate from high school, he said recently during a break between practices.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.324992
Retrieved Text: How to watch The Mosquito Coast (1986) on Netflix Argentina!
Yes, The Mosquito Coast is now available on Argentine Netflix. It arrived for online streaming on October 7, 2017.
We'll keep checking Netflix Argentina for The Mosquito Coast, and this page will be updated with any changes.
Obsessed with building an ice factory in the middle of the jungle, troubled inventor Allie Fox uproots his family and moves them to Central America. From America to the jungle, he takes his family on a wild, dangerous ride. He's not brilliant. He's not mad. He's both.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.314796
Retrieved Text: Is Ant-Man referring to any specific incident?
Within the Captain America: Civil War fight scene, Ant-Man uses his suit to grow to several times normal size.
I've got something kinda big. But I can't hold it very long... I do it all the time. I mean once, in a Lab. And I passed out.
Is he referring to a specific scene within the MCU? Failing that, is it an allusion to something that happened within the comics?
He's referring to an unseen occasion during development of the Ant-Suit, in a Lab, during which time he grew very big, but couldn't hold it very long and passed out.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged marvel marvel-cinematic-universe captain-america-civil-war ant-man or ask your own question.
Why is Ant-Man so strong when he's huge?
What was the fate of Hitler and the non-HYDRA Nazi party in the MCU?
Is Spider-Man CGI in Captain America: Civil War?
When did the Marvel Cinematic Universe U.S. presidential history diverge from the real world's?
Was the Black Panther's Suit ever made from Adamantium?
What was Black Panther's ring doing?
Why didn't Spider-Man's spider-sense detect Ant-Man's attack?
Has Black Panther been injected with Super Soldier Serum allowing him to run that fast?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.267409
Retrieved Text: Josiah has been absolutely dying to watch Captain America. Me and my family aren't really into DC comics/Marvel but recently my brothers have been digging into the books at the library.
He's been asking for over five months now and still the answer is, "not yet, now's not going to work right now." We've been too busy to borrow a movie, and have been currently watching a TV show and were just hanging back (secretly I think we were all hoping he'd just forget it ;).
Last week, clearly exasperated, he told me, "well, Mom isn't going to let me watch it. ever."
I wanted to laugh because my Mom had just told me that she's going to surprise him and let him watch it next week. Of course Josiah didn't know that, and he's assuming that all this time my Mom is saying "just wait" it's "no" or that nothing good is going to happen.
So next week we're going to surprise him and he doesn't know it.
All of a sudden it hit me. This is like God! We beg and plead, we pray for God to change something in our lives, to show us the way, or just give us some direction. His answer seems to be always, "no" or "just wait". We don't see that He IS indeed working. He isn't telling us right now but one day we'll understand. He's waiting for the right time, the right place, etc. And it may not be exactly what we prayed for but it's for our God. We need

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.246861
Retrieved Text: "I know that there have been honest disagreements over policy, but we also know that there's something more that has crept into our relationship," he said.
"In America, there's a failure to appreciate Europe's leading role in the world. Instead of celebrating your dynamic union and seeking to partner with you to meet common challenges, there have been times where America has shown arrogance and been dismissive, even derisive," he said.
Members of the audience nodding knowingly; several later noted the hostile rhetoric in the U.S. after France opposed the Iraq war, such as renaming French Fries "freedom fries" on Capitol Hill.
Obama, however, added quickly that the cynicism worked both ways.
"In Europe, there is an anti-Americanism that is at once casual but can also be insidious. Instead of recognizing the good that America so often does in the world, there have been times where Europeans choose to blame America for much of what's bad."
Ultimately, he said, that enmity prevents both sides from realizing that their partnership is critical to facing challenges such as the economy, global warming, and terrorism.
"America cannot confront the challenges of this century alone," he said. "Europe cannot confront them without America."
Top on that agenda is the war in Afghanistan, which Obama said once had wide popular support before "we got sidetracked in Iraq."
He said he'd ask NATO allies at their summit on Saturday to commit more to the war, not only help finance development and reconstruction, but also with military manpower.
"There will be a military component to it," he said. "And Europe should not

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.24226
Retrieved Text: Martes (0-1) allowed five runs (four earned) on six hits and four walks while striking out three over three innings for Triple-A Fresno on Sunday.
Martes, who was recently dropped to the organization's No. 2 prospect by Baseball America, is having a lot of trouble in the Pacific Coast League. While his control has been a problem all season long, he'd been able to prevent runs in his first two starts. That isn't the case any longer. He's been tattooed for 19 hits and 12 earned runs in his last three outings, spanning 9.2 innings. His ERA stands at an unsightly 5.68, and he's walked 19 batters in 19 innings. The big right-hander had been touted during spring training as someone who could help the big-league club in 2017, but there's little reason to believe that will be the case now.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.223655
Retrieved Text: Tiger Woods doesn't give one frick what the left or anyone has to say. He is friends with our President, loves America, and doesn't play the left's games.
GEOTUS is reinstituting honor of the redemptive hero;s journey!
Has Jemelle Hill chimed in on this yet?
Watching the final round, in particular the galleria (which was composed of 99% white people that are likely in the top 10% of earners in the nation) cheer wildly for a black guy that rose from the ashes like a phoenix, made me really appreciate how America is the least racist major country in the history of the world.
The media will make Tiger into a race traitor. Book it.
Only a complete racist would do something like this!
shite... why not. If Ellen can get it, why not tiger?
No one cares what that wind bag has to say. She is irrelevant.
They've quasi done that over the years already. He was fairly sharply criticized for not boycotting South Carolina over the flag row. He's also been criticized for just not seeming to care about social justice shite at all.
I declare this my single favorite Act of Trump of all time.
Love him or hate him, you have to admit that, for the things he's actually good at, he is damned fricking good at them.
why not. If Ellen can get it, why not tiger?
odumbo gave it to biden and his only accomplishment was wasting tax payers money and fondling women and little girls on live video at press conferences.
He's also been criticized for just not seeming to care about

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.215633
Retrieved Text: On Sunday, I joined NJ's favorite "struggling lobbyist in America", Leroy Jones, for another lively discussion of the Presidential races - this time focusing on the results of the Iowa Caucuses. Leroy and I have previously covered Sharpe James, Stem Cell research, Rudy Giuliani, and Iraq withdrawal.
"Obama really hasn't been taken to task yet. He makes all these lovely speeches and does that sort of Dr. King impersonation that I'm sure he practiced growing up in Indonesia and in Hawaii."
"If [Obama] was running for President of the High School graduating class, I'm sure I'd be the head of 'Republicans for Obama'. But the fact is that he's running for President of the United States, and I don't think that he's demonstrated the credentials to be able to do that yet."
"I think [Rudy's is] a very poor strategy...[Is he] really America's Mayor? Clearly he's not Iowa's Mayor!"

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.183493
Retrieved Text: On this season of Eating America, Anthony Anderson visited eight different festivals across the nation. Get a taste of where he's been.
Anthony Anderson is on a mission to discover what's truly at the heart of America — one food festival at a time. Anthony will travel to the most colorful and delicious festivals in America, tasting everything from classic interpretations to surprising twists. He'll also meet the amazing characters devoted to these regional favorites and follow some of them as they compete to find the best of the best. There's nothing like a small-town food festival to make summer come alive!
Anthony Anderson is no stranger to the Food Network audience, having competed on Chopped and appeared as both a judge and a competitor on Iron Chef America. His transition to host of Carnival Cravings is a natural and delicious progression.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.169257
Retrieved Text: The Paytons aren't looking for a bailout from Bank of America while their son's in basic training at Parris Island.
All they want is a little time.
"A simple three-month deferment, like the more patriotic members of the financial community have done," said Jerry Payton, whose son, Kenneth "K.C." Payton reported for Marine Corps boot camp Oct. 27.
Since Bank of America accepted its share of the multibillion-dollar Troubled Asset Relief Program approved by Congress this fall, Jerry Payton thinks maybe some of that bailout money could go "to defer payments for kids in basic training for defense of this country."
"In accordance with federal law and the Soldiers and Sailors Relief Act of 1940, we reduce the interest rate on credit cards to 5.9 percent when military personnel have been activated," Bank of America spokeswoman Nicole Nastacie said in an e-mail yesterday. "In addition, during this time we suppress any fees."
"They don't have to defer the payments, I guess, but the other creditors did," said Jerry Payton. "The others, with far less resources, did so."
Jerry and Lee Payton have concerns going public with their beef with Bank of America could have their son "in the sand pit doing pushups," but "it's simply the right thing to do," said his father.
"I want to see (banks) do this as a matter of course for kids serving in the military. I don't feel like I'm going to bat only for my son. K.C. isn't the only one this is happening to."
Credit card debt, as well as patriotism, played a role in the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.103813
Retrieved Text: "Neil Leslie Diamond" is an American singer-songwriter with a career that began in the 1960s. Diamond has sold over 125 million records worldwide, making him one of the List of best-selling music artists/world's best-selling artists of all time. He is the third most successful Adult contemporary music/adult contemporary artist on the Billboard charts/Billboard charts behind Elton John and one-time duet partner Barbra Streisand. His songs have been covered internationally by many performers from various musical genres.
Diamond was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1984 and into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2011. Additionally, he received the Sammy Cahn Lifetime Achievement Award in 2000 and in 2011 was an honoree at Kennedy Center Honors/Kennedy Center. On the Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary charts, he has had eleven No. 1 singles: "Cracklin' Rosie", "Song Sung Blue", "Longfellow Serenade", "I've Been This Way Before", "If You Know What I Mean", "Desiree (song)/Desiree", "You Don't Bring Me Flowers", "America (Neil Diamond song)/America", "Yesterday's Songs", "Heartlight (song)/Heartlight" and "I'm a Believer". He continues to record and release new material and maintains an extensive touring schedule.
If you enjoy these quotes, be sure to check out other famous musicians! More Neil Diamond on Wikipedia.
He's really likable and sincere, and he's very easy to be with. He certainly wasn't easygoing in the studio. He's a passionate, obsessive person, like I am. But I have so much respect for the guy. He's talented, and he knows music and he brings a fresh perspective.
Some days are diamonds Some days are stones

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.101764
Retrieved Text: Cosmos Kwete, a 6-3 210 pound DE from Phoenix, AZ has been mentioned on Twitter that he's received an offer from UMass.
This article features Kwete and his brother Eloi.
Another story relates the Kwete brothers long journey to America.
Besides UMass, Kwete holds an offer from Kansas.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.097093
Retrieved Text: As we've known for sometime 'Captain America' will be mainly a period piece set during WWII. Director Joe Johnston reveals that a shooting location has been set in the UK and filming will begin at the end of June. Considering the film is set during WWII, it is a no brainer on this choice. The film will be shot in HD (recently seen in Public Enemies). Johnston states that shooting in High Definition was a decision made to interpret the more current comics. I'm not so sure I like the idea at all. High Definition cameras seem so sharp and clear and in a period piece set during WWII, I am a tad reluctant. Marvel may also choose to transfer the film to 3D after production has wrapped, but no definite decision has been made at this date.
As far as casting is concerned, director Joe Johnston did not reveal any of the names who have been tested for the role of Steve Rogers a.k.a. Captain America. He did reveal however, that a full cast list must be finalized by March 1st. He also got a little bit more specific saying that the powers that be have narrowed it down to 6 individuals. Their ages range from 23 to 32 and all of them are relatives unknowns. Their plan is to surround Captain America with bigger name actors.
There has been plenty of speculation and hope concerning the Captain America costume and just how Marvel and Joe Johnston were going to work out a uniform that is essentially

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.086779
Retrieved Text: The All Blacks coach Steve Hansen says there's an unusual level of excitement in his squad, who have flown out for Chicago on the first leg of their end of season tour.
The coach says he and his players are looking forward to taking their game to the United States of America, where they'll play the US national rugby team, the Eagles, on November 2nd.
Hansen says the prop Charlie Faumuina is flying out a day later than the rest of the team to look after his heavily pregnant wife, who was reportedly involved in a road rage incident last week in Auckland.
The All Black talisman Dan Carter says he's almost the most excited he's ever been prior to an end of year tour, which he puts down to his lack of game time this year.
Carter has missed almost all rugby in 2014 due to injury and says he's still struggling with nerve damage around the site of leg fracture he suffered while playing for Canterbury.
The first-five says he's able to train and expects to be available for the match against the Eagles.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.081365
Retrieved Text: Michael Wiley's The Last Striptease (2007) won the Private Eye Writers of America/St. Martin's Press Best First Private Eye Novel contest, and introduced ex-cop turned Chicago PI JOE KOZMARSKI, whose biggest strength may be that he's, well, just a regular joe.
I mean, he's got a mother, fer cryin' out loud, and a slew of family drama, including a troublesome young nephew he's taken in. But Joe has other problems on his plate to deal with as well. While on a routine surveillance job, he witnesses a murder; his former cop partner has been shot by the suspect, and a retired judge (and estranged family friend) has asked him to work on behalf of an employee of his, whose been accused of murdering his party girl girlfriend, a Vietnamese-American beauty with a taste for booze, drugs and stripping in front of cameras.
Joe muddles through it all with a plodding, dogged determination, making mistakes along the way (and not always learning from them), but that makes for a nice change from some of the over-boiled histronics that many of his more turbo-charged, infallible fellow fictional eyes indulge in, giving him an affable, regular Joe quality.
And it's served Joe well in two (and counting) sequels, including the Shamus-winning A Bad Night's Sleep (2011).
Michael Wiley is a lit professor at North Florida University specializing in 18th and early 19th century British literature, and also the creator of former death row inmate turned P.I. Franky Dast. He lives in Jacksonville, Florida.
What was it with P.I. writers named Michael, anyway? The last

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.052439
Retrieved Text: IN his continuing search for the more weird, wacky and wondrous in the world of travel, David Ellis tells the story of ultra-runner, mountaineer and adventure racer, Marshall Ulrich who at 57 years of age ran 4,932km across America from San Francisco to New York, has climbed the highest peaks of all seven continents, and run across Death Valley more times than anyone else – 23 in total, including a record-breaking 235km from Badwater that's 88m below ground level, to the top of Mount Whitney that's 4,493m high.
He's also completed the Leadville Trail 100 and Pikes Peak Marathon on the same weekend... something no one else has ever achieved.
Along the way he's had his toenails surgically removed because of extreme pain inside his running shoes, used 32 pairs of shoes on his trans-America effort, nearly drowned in an icy stream near the peak of Mt Everest…. and been bitten by a rattle snake.
He's also raced and climbed in twenty-six countries from Antarctica and Australia to Morocco, Tibet, Tunisia and Vietnam.
Mr Ulrich who is also still a farmer and dog-food manufacturer in north-east Colorado, embarked on his bizarre athletic career at an age when a lot of us are thinking more about taking-up lawn bowls than conquering Everest, and spoke of his achievements during a series of talks aboard mega motor-cruiser, SeaDream I as it made its annual Atlantic repositioning from the Mediterranean to the Caribbean earlier this month – taking a run around the deck a couple of times a day to keep in practice.
He told

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.0419855
Retrieved Text: President Obama: I was betting on the American worker. I was betting on American industry.
And on this tour, he is "Betting on America." That's the slogan for this particular tour.
So what does it mean to bet on America? We asked a linguist, Ben Zimmer. He's the language columnist for the Boston Globe. Mr. Zimmer, thanks for joining us.
Ben Zimmer: Thanks for having me on.
Gardner: Now as you just heard, the president was talking a lot about betting today. He's betting on the American worker, he's betting on Ohio, he's betting on America. What's with all the betting?
Zimmer: Well it reminds me of the whole tradition of gambling metaphors in American politics where you talk about the odds, the whole language of gambling, of bluffing, tipping your hand, raising the stakes. So it draws on that, at the same time is draws on a sense of confidence, the ability to take risks, which is perhaps an image that Obama would like to portray. At the same time, he doesnt' want to be seen as a foolish risk taker. He says that he is going to bet on the American worker, and so that is giving you the sense that it's a sure bet, it's a bet that's going to payoff.
Gardner: Why all these gambling terms right now do you think? It's not just President Obama who talks this way. What does it say about the state of country that these kind of terms are being used in general discourse?
Zimmer: Gambling terms often come up when there is

================



======= Instance Index 15 =========
Input Text: Given that B: And yet, uh, I we-, I hope to see employer based, you know, helping out. You know, child, uh, care centers at the place of employment and things like that, that will help out. A: Uh-huh. B: What do you think, do you think we are, setting a trend? Therefore, it must be true that "they are setting a trend"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Maybe

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.262636
Retrieved Text: On saturday morning I was surprised with a trip out to pineridge hollow for brunch. We went once last year and I loved it - it's a short drive from the city and is set in a beautiful old farmhouse. The weather has been warming up lately, but I knew I needed some sort of light jacket. Way in the back of my closet I found this really old jean jacket that has somehow avoided the donation pile for years. I'm pretty sure I got this in 2000... maybe 2001. And I haven't worn it in at least five years.
Anyways, I threw it on, and once we arrived at the restaurant a table of women settled in beside us. All six of them were wearing jean jackets! The next table was seated... two more jean jackets. At one point - every woman in the restaurant was wearing a jean jacket! And the age spread was probably two through seventy-two. Ha. My 'stylish' decision was clearly not very trend-setting.
Trend-setting or trend-following - I do like this current jean jacket trend. I'd been looking at some from madewell like this one - but perhaps I'll just stick to my vintage ralph lauren. Brunch was fun too, saturday mornings will my family are always my favourite. The kids ask if they need to go to school, and are then overjoyed when they realize we all get to stay together:) Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms out there - of course mine and Tyler's are at the top

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.071787
Retrieved Text: Trend setting: Fashion advice from my four year old.
Everything I know about fashion, I learned from my four year old. She is the most fashion forward girl I've ever met - absolutely fearless and always on trend. She MAKES trend and marches forward with confidence. Here are a few fashion tips from the cutest four year old in the midwest. 1. Create a … Continue reading Trend setting: Fashion advice from my four year old.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.793602
Retrieved Text: Geometric jewelry has been off the trend-setting charts this year, and for good reason. It's easy to wear and pair with your existing wardrobe and can be found in a variety of styles, from super minimalistic to fabulously outlandish.
Here are some of our favorite styles that are on trend now, but will also be beautiful and wearable for years to come!
Any of these styles can be shipped to you, wherever you are, or they can be picked up at either store location in either Pembroke Pines or Margate, FL.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.707841
Retrieved Text: Property access for read and write. Setting this property is the same as the setting of the LabelBorderFormat property and meaning depends on the value of the tvScale.LabelBorderFormatType property.
Moreover it is possible to set here the value trend.LabelBorderFormat="$dbind", it means that this property doesn't keep its value of the format but it reads it from the tvScale.LabelBorderFormat property.
The default value is "$dbind".
If the active trend (see TrendsView.TrendActive) is the first trend (trend with the index 0), then the legends of the value scale edges are numeric values to 1 decimal places. If the active trend is the second trend (trend with the index 0), then the legends of the value scale edges are numeric values to 2 decimal places. The legends of the time scale edges are the time with the format: day.month.year NewLine hour:minute:second.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.604955
Retrieved Text: Non-Repainting Indicator that is based on combined angular momentum of price levels using configured period as main reference.
It is sensitive to the change of angular momentum on lower periods.
You can use this indicator on any time frame without the need to configure any moving average period.
Alert - Set alert to true if you want to be notified by MT4 platform for each new change in angular momentum direction.
Notification - Set notification to true if you want the notification to be sent to MT4 mobile app.
Period - Set the period in consideration for the general direction of the trend.
When you see a Yellow Line, wait for the blue line to go to the lowest point and trade only when it is moving back up.
When you see the Yellow Line is changed to Red Line, you should attempt to close your trades that are on the wrong direction of the market soon.
When you see a Red Line, wait for the blue line to go to the highest point and trade only when it is moving back down.
When you see the Red Line is changed to Yellow Line, you should attempt to close your trades that are on the wrong direction of the market soon.
Place 2 angular momentum indicators with H1 and H4 on your chart to trade existing trends.
[AM][Symbol][Period] - It is the general direction of the trend (1 is bullish trend, -1 is bearish trend).
Spikes and Trend Quality features are removed, as they will no longer be supported.
Making finding the "Trend Quality" label easier when setting Label

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.5591
Retrieved Text: Just like with everything else, eyebrow trends are always changing. From the thin brows of the 20’s to the well styled Audrey Hepburn brows of the 50’s, the trend are constantly changing. I look back on past pictures of myself from when I was a teenager and I wonder what on earth I was thinking. Or even worse, from the early 2000’s when my eyebrows were plucked within an inch of their life! I am so lucky they grew back! The thing about trends, just like with clothes, the trends come round again. But the latest eyebrow trend is something none of us expected. Feather brows? Perfectly sculpted, on fleek eyebrows are a thing of the past. For a while we began to love our natural brows once again, thanks to the beautiful Cara Devine, but now it appears that the messy brows are being taken that one step further!
So what exactly is this feather eyebrow trend? In essence, the hairs of the brows are split down the middle. The top section is brushed upward and the bottom half brushed downward. The hairs are brushed so that they are spread sparsely, like feathers, and set them in place with Vaseline. Then, using a light concealer, define the line down the middle.
So where did this trend come from? Well, originally the look was a one off. Finnish makeup artist, Stella Sironen created a look with the experimental feather brows and posted it on instagram. What she didn’t expect was for them to viral over night. People all

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.544818
Retrieved Text: Vino Garden Flag. Trend setting designs from licensed artists. Finest quality sublimated manufacturing. Resists fading from the sun and mildew. Permanently dyed polyester flags. All weather decorative flags. The leading authority in decorative flags in the United States, Toland Home Garden offers flags of the finest quality.
Butterfly Vineyard Garden Flag. Trend setting designs from licensed artists. Finest quality sublimated manufacturing. Resists fading from the sun and mildew. Permanently dyed polyester flags. All weather decorative flags. The leading authority in decorative flags in the United States, Toland Home Garden offers flags of the finest quality.
Hoot Hoot Garden Flag. Trend setting designs from licensed artists. Finest quality sublimated manufacturing. Resists fading from the sun and mildew. Permanently dyed polyester flags. All weather decorative flags.
Snowy Birds Garden Flag. Trend setting designs from licensed artists. Finest quality sublimated manufacturing. Resists fading from the sun and mildew. Permanently dyed polyester flags. All weather decorative flags.
Cardinal Lights Garden Flag. Trend setting designs from licensed artists. Finest quality sublimated manufacturing. Resists fading from the sun and mildew. Permanently dyed polyester flags. All weather decorative flags.
Twin Horses Garden Flag. Trend setting designs from licensed artists. Finest quality sublimated manufacturing. Resists fading from the sun and mildew. Permanently dyed polyester flags. All weather decorative flags.
Winter Feast Garden Flag. Trend setting designs from licensed artists. Finest quality sublimated manufacturing. Resists fading from the sun and mildew. Permanently dyed polyester flags. All weather decorative flags.
Apple Basket Garden Flag. Trend setting designs from licensed artists. Finest quality sublimated manufacturing. Resists fading from the sun and mildew. Permanently dyed

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.400553
Retrieved Text: Lorna Jane creates trend setting details for the best support, best fit and most flattering features in her sports bras. We have reviewed them for 4 years now and think they are literally the best sports bra in the world! We recommend this bra for cup sizes 32 A to 38 DD, we feel this makes for the best fit and most flattering options.
ALALA has really stepped up with their thicker strap sports bras! We recommend picking a trend setting, edgy detail with thicker straps and higher rises.
A great option for the bras we carry at Dimvaloo has a option to be utilized as swimwear! Wear your new sports bra as a swimming suit top! You'll love the comfort, support for swim activities and details. We recommend rinsing immediately after use, especially if your in salt water or chlorine. It might take a bit longer than your swim bottoms to dry, so keep that in mind when you want to wear it again! No one wants to put on a wet, cold sports bra!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.381993
Retrieved Text: The Trend and Variance Summary breaks down the cost and utilization variance and trend over 62 different medical and pharmacy service categories. Variance is defined as the percent change from the comparison period value to the reporting period value. Trend is derived using a linear trend equation between twelve and twenty-four months of data depending on availability.
We anticipate this being one of our more utilized reports. When trying to determine what is driving trends, this report will quickly show the top five service categories driving overall, utilization, and unit cost increases – along with the supporting detail for all 62 service categories.
The Injectable Drug Place of Service Savings report is the seventh report in our prescriptive analytics portfolio. This report provides a comparison of injectable drug costs at an Outpatient Hospital to those performed in an Office setting, providing the potential savings if all injectable drug services were performed in an Office setting. Increasingly, injectable drug services are performed in Office settings because they are more efficient, resulting in lower costs. Employee education and plan design changes such as adding Outpatient Hospital deductibles can be used to incentivize patient choices in favor of less expensive facilities.
Looking ahead: Deerwalk is planning to add two new reports in the upcoming version 7.9 release. The Opioid Impact report will highlight opioid utilization and cost with a focus on member cohorts who may be at risk for opioid overuse and abuse. The Breast Cancer Treatment Path report will provide a narrative walk-through of care quality indicators for breast cancer utilizing

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.356898
Retrieved Text: There are lots of great ways you can give that added bit of style and personality to your home. However, one area that is soaring to the forefront of interior design and fashion this year is ceiling lights.
Lights already have attained significant importance in the home because they work brilliantly to create the right mood. You can create a dark and moody setting in the bedroom with low lights. Alternatively, you can create a bright and light setting in the kitchen; perfect for cooking up a storm.
Nevertheless, 2013 has brought even greater importance to the world of lighting. No longer are we merely concerned with creating the right atmosphere, but our attention has been diverted to the style of lights we buy and the fittings. Read on to discover some of the most exciting trends in ceiling lights that are expected to run riot throughout the coming months.
This year it is all about making a statement with your ceiling light. Look for a light that is unique and that can become the centre of attention in the room it is going to be placed in. Search around on the internet and keep your eye out for unusual, artistic and intriguing designs. There are lots of fantastic pendant ceiling lights that lend themselves perfectly to this trend. They feature ornate detail, beautiful patterns and impressive designs.
When emulating the trend just mentioned, and any other lighting trend for that matter, you should never be afraid to go away from the norm. This means that your light does not

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.287032
Retrieved Text: I’ve noticed a trend emerging for gold place settings. Using gold cutlery, plates or accessories adds an elegant touch to your table setting. A formal dinner party or high tea wouldn’t be the same without a bit of gold bling on your table.
Gold can look both elegant and soft. It certainly looks luxurious, and let’s your guests know that they are special.
Gold cutlery and a gold rimmed glass plate add a touch of opulence to this rustic table setting.
Are you inspired by these beautiful images? Want a little gold luxury for your table? Here are some of the best gold dining products we can find.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.271956
Retrieved Text: Ikrush is the hottest fashion site to hit the UK. Their site is loaded with the latest trends inspired by the catwalk and celeb style. They are one of the most successful up-and-coming fashion brands run by a vibrant, trend-setting, fashion-obsessed team.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.157727
Retrieved Text: Forex Trend Scanner Indicator MT4 free download in MQL4 source file format. It can be used with any Forex Trading Strategies/Systems for confirmation of trade entries or exits.
Trend Indicators I have a FREE webinar demonstrating the Catalyst Forex trading system coming up soon. In the webinar, I will show you some trades using the system itself.
Download Free Forex MT4 metatrader 4 Indicators Collection. More than 2000 Various advanced Type MT4 Indicators available. There are more than 2000 indicators for technical analysis: trend indicators, reversal indicators, indicators of levels, predictors, scalping indicators and many others. Forex Zig Zag Alert Pointer Indicator.
Forex Trend Signals V1 Metatrader 4 Indicator The Forex Trend Signals V1 indicator is composed of two moving averages and the CCI indicator with default period 236. Green colored bars below the main chart window suggest bullish trend, red bars bearish trend and yellow bars flat or range-bound trend.
Tani Forex one more special and 100% free gift. buy and sell indicator free download. this indicator specially for trend. Download in below just one click best Forex free MT4 Indicator 2018 and 2019. this indicator is one of the easiest indicator of the world.
Thousands of forex indicators from information gathering, trend following/conformation and profit taking.
Free Download Trend indicator. Please wait, we prepare your link. best forex indicators, no repaint indicators. Author: Daniel. My name is Daniel Alard. Already more than 12 years, I trade the forex market. Forex Indicators. Cluster Filter and its modifications. Binary Options Indicators. Time Freezer - accurate and simple price forecast.
3/12/2019 · use free

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.112785
Retrieved Text: Planning on getting engaged in 2019? If the answer is yes, finding the ideal engagement ring is likely already on your mind. One of the toughest parts of the process can be choosing the style that suits you. From celebrity and runway influences to the popularity of vintage-inspired designs, the options are vast and varied. Well, take a deep breath and relax because we're all about making it easy for you to find the perfect engagement ring.
This year, we're going straight to our expert source to bring you the latest in engagement ring trends. No one knows what's hot in the engagement world better than diamond style guru and Blue Nile chief merchandising officer, Katie Zimmerman. Here are the top five trends she sees shaping up to be favorites for 2019.
"Fancy shaped diamonds have been popular for a while because you can get a larger look for the price," Katie notes, "But the newness is how they can be mixed within a style." For example, emerald-cut baguettes that flank a round-cut center stone in a contemporary setting.
We're almost 20 years into the 21st century. Isn't it time for a truly modern engagement ring style to make its debut? The contemporary east-west setting gives a modern feel to a solitaire classic. "Emerald and oval shapes are my favorite set this way," Katie recommends, "But you can even make a marquise shape look quite contemporary by setting it with this orientation. Additionally, adding a fine halo can also create a much larger look for these stones—or any other

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.106265
Retrieved Text: Home Uncategories Surbhi Chandna's trend-setting jewellery from Ishqbaaaz!
Surbhi Chandna's trend-setting jewellery from Ishqbaaaz!
With us at Stylebuzz, Star Plus show Ishqbaaaz is more famous for the sartorial reasons than its story. And the flag-bearer of its chicness is SSO's love interest, Surbhi Chandna aka Anika.
Anika's costumes in the show are impressive but the jewellery is totally treasuresome. Let's take a long gaze at some of her dazzling danglers, chic chokers and marvellous maang-tikkas.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.088746
Retrieved Text: On The Press Cloud, accredited journalists, bloggers and stylists will find the materials they need for their services. Photographs in high and low resolution along with videos and text relative to companies and products. They can log-on and download in complete autonomy, 7 days a week, 24 hours a day. In addition, by using the QR code that companies have paired with their products, they will be able to get all the information with one click when visiting trade fairs and exhibitions.
Journalists, bloggers and stylists no longer have to spend time contacting individual press offices by phone or by mail.
With a simple click, you can download the materials you need (images in high or low resolution, videos and press releases).
The freedom to work even when press offices are usually closed.
The Press Cloud’s search engines will help sort through the materials on the site In addition to the classic search categories (company, designer, product and event), it has also been designed to support text search (by setting, color or material) or by trend.
In The Press Cloud’s Trend area, the latest trend focus will be published and available for easy download.
Targeted newsletters will invite you to discover the latest news in the Trend section.
This special section is active in the reserved area. `My Wall’, is where you can create a moodboard and upload photos whenever you like.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.002133
Retrieved Text: Red-Rag is a trend-setting shoe label of Dutch origin. The name Red-Rag refers to the colourful rag that is sure to catch the eye of the bull. The shoe collection by Red-Rag is also trend-setting and eye-catching. Red-Rag is for men and women with style, who want to distinguish themselves. It is certainly not a ‘middle of the road’ brand but is suitable for you; fashion-conscious and with your very own, durable sense of style. Red-Rag pushes the boundaries every season and always creates a challenging collection. Always inspired by the latest fashions, with a trend-setting twist that is translated into the authentic style of Red-Rag.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.990547
Retrieved Text: Having heard such rave reviews of Urban Decay's setting sprays, I've been determined to try them all out for myself.
Today's post is on Urban Decay Chill Makeup Setting Spray which I got for Christmas. Having already tried their All Nighter Makeup Setting Spray and their De-slick Oil Makeup Setting Spray, I was keen to see how this measured up to it.
I had high expectations that this make up setting spray would be a really refreshing spray with a slight menthol feeling. It does give a refreshing feeling to a certain extent although I really can't say it's any different to the All Nighter Makeup Setting Spray or De-slick Oil Makeup Setting Spray!
I do believe that they help your make up last longer but I honestly don't think I can tell the difference between the three of them!
I would repurchase one of them once this has run out because they are good but I was a little disappointed that this Chill version didn't offer anything special.
Self-tanning is a new trend that is catching on like wildfire. From celebrities to models, everyone sports a bronzed look. The best part of self-tanning, besides tanning los angeles the great results, is that it totally removes the harmful effects of the sun on the skin.
From Garage To Mini Hair Salon!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.944212
Retrieved Text: Since the start over 15 years ago, the Dorie Love collection has become one of the leading trend setting designers. With a myriad of mixed mediums, Dorie Love has created beautiful pieces for women to wear as everyday items that they fall in love with each time they wear them. With the line concentrating on offering an array of pieces that are both savvy and economical; this includes charms, earrings, necklaces, rings, bracelets and more.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.838729
Retrieved Text: Could you tell me what are the two antivirus software thats trying to run. Also what AV do you have installed on your PC. Please let me know.
The two are Trend Micro. I have Norton installed on my computer.
OK, What I need for you to do is uninstall Trend Micro Antivirus. If you go to add/remove programs it should be listed. Remove it. Now go into norton Antivirus and go to options and click email scanning and uncheck the scan outgoing mail. This should resolve the issues you are having. If you still want to use Trend Micro use there free online scanner at the link below.
Reply to Andy's Post: Trend Micro is installed on the e-mail server not my desk top. I already tunr offed the out going scan in Norton.
When you say email server are you refering to the Hotmail server?
What version of norton av is installed?
Did you install Norton antivirus as part of a package such as internet security?
Also are you running Norton Firewall?
OK here is a link that I would like you to go to and try. If this doesn't work I have another one that should work.
Change the setting and tried to forward a message and still got 2 instance of virus protection. They appear to both be runing from the hot mail server.
We have an msn email address that we view through outlook 2007.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.822975
Retrieved Text: 2018 saw the rose gold setting trend peak and soon-to-be brides now seem to be opting for the classic yellow gold metal. This classic metal is great for any kind of setting. Whether you are looking for a more classic or modern look, yellow gold looks chic and lavish in any style. This trend could also be rising due to its popularity with many celebrities such as Meghan Markle, whose engagement ring follows two trends: yellow gold setting and three-stone diamonds.
The three-stone ring seems to be catching some attention again. Just as the name describes, it includes three stones with a prominent stone in the middle of smaller stones. The classic look is said to represent a couple’s past, present, and future. This classic style may not be a new trend emerging, but we predict that the three-stone rings in 2019 will incorporate unique shapes and use unconventional stones to give this classic look a modern twist.
Oval shaped diamonds are a great look for those looking for a statement making piece with a minimal budget. The elongated shape of an oval diamond makes the stone look larger than it actually is. When shopping for an oval diamond it is important to think about diamond symmetry. Look for bow ties- a dark shadow in the center of the stone- when shopping for an oval diamond. This shadow can affect the overall look of the stone, so you will want to find a stone with the smallest bow tie you can find.
In 2019, engagement rings seem to be

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.7550535
Retrieved Text: Setting public sustainability goals is not just an increasingly common trend for business, but has become nearly universal among leading sustainability companies. This statement comes from a Viridis Strategy Group study, “Sustainability Goals 2.0: Envisioning the Next Horizon,” which was released on March 14, 2012. The study focuses on the external goals that companies publicly commit in their CSR/sustainability reports and websites. The study used a sample of 126 companies from the Dow Jones Sustainability Index and Newsweek’s Green Rankings (see CSRHub).
Nearly 90 percent of the companies in the study were found to have public goals. On average, one company sets nine sustainability goals, with goals for carbon reduction as the most common type. Moreover, sustainability leaders are increasingly reaching beyond departmental boundaries by setting goals for their products (R&D – 25 percent), their upstream supply chains (procurement and policy – 13 percent), and their community and philanthropic engagements. In addition, the Viridis study reveals a trend for setting more ambitious, visionary, and impact-oriented goals that are not simple reduction rates. They found that 67 percent of the companies studied have succeeded in achieving their impact reduction targets.
The trend that Virdis Strategy describes in this study frames a rise in public commitments and reporting. Both of these factors are key in understanding a company’s performance and behavior around sustainability and corporate social responsibility. The more a company makes goals, and makes them public, the more we could expect third-party data sources to reflect this change. As this trend builds, it will also affect their CSRHub rating,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.6806755
Retrieved Text: Set your style ablaze! These sizzling specs by Serendipity will ignite your fashion sense, with their thick, bold frames and lifted square shape.
With a design that ebbs and flows with fierce femininity, and classic craftsmanship that is always on-trend, they are sure to garner you all the attention you want.
Available in a red-hot shade or a classic black finish, this pair is perfect for your jet-setting season.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.667639
Retrieved Text: This photograph of Trend-Setting Chairs from Denver, Colorado was taken by Aditi Mehta and installed by John Arroyo in the Elysian Valley/Glendale Narrows segment of the Los Angeles River. This portion of the L.A. River is one of the few areas where access to the River is legal. Over the past 15 years various non-profit organization and public agencies have developed a multi-use path for cyclists, joggers, and pedestrians as well as a series of pocket parks and other demonstration projects, all of which signal a positive transformation of the Los Angeles River.
Beyond setting trends in chairs, Denver’s revitalization of the South Platte River has a been celebrated model for urban rivers. Earlier this year, the Environmental Protection Agency included Denver’s South Platte River and the Los Angeles River among a group of seven nationwide pilot projects participating in the Urban Waters Federal Partnership.
The Trend-Setting Chairs from Denver, Coloroado are located at 3050 North Coolidge Avenue, Los Angeles, California.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.654633
Retrieved Text: There is no doubt that the safari trend will allow you to make yourself stand out in urban setting, making yourself look sophisticated and somewhat adventurous. The first thing that you notice is the color. This trend features olive green, beige, ochre, camel, khaki and many other shades and hues of earth colors. The fabrics include all natural ones, featuring cotton, silk and raffia. Next thing is the print, there are seen bold ones, fiery hues that are updated with metallci accessories. Wild animal print includes leopard, snake, zebra, as well as giraffe print.
You can try to update khaki and animal prints with modern pieces and oversized accessories. You can add green and khaki shades to a lace bustier, a structured blazer and a midi skirt. What is so special about this trend anyway? First of all, this influence makes any woman look wild and individual.Then goes the comfort (bold yet simple shapes), as most of looks are not skinny and do not make you look squeezed, like a lemon.
This summer will bring quite a lot of colonial, safari fashion and the chance to play with leopard prints, gold accessorises, white mannish shirts and flat shoes. Last day I was really admiring the amazing Cindy Crawford on the cover of Porter Magazine, presenting and wearing a super chic colonial style. As the model, also this trend will never go out of style!
The most important aspect about these pieces is that they should be comfortable and chic at the same time, and that implies that they should

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.628541
Retrieved Text: Some floral designs we create never go out of trend vs. others that one can merely call a trend. What do you think?
There are quite a few styles in floral centerieces that never go out of trend. I see more brides asking for something unique and creative. These curious brides and couples yet daring are afraid to attempt something new that they have never seen at any wedding. Nevertheless, I would applaud them for taking a step towards setting up the trends and not just a following them.
I posted an image in the above floral centerpiece that I did a while ago on Instagram just to see the reaction in terms of liking and disliking. I am amazed at the response and realized that some designs you create would never be a part of going trends. This design was never a part of the trend to begin with when we created years ago. One of the another designs that we created for one of our brides, who wanted the lantern to be hanging out of the floral centerpiece without using twigs.
I recall creating our stands to incorporate into the floral centerpiece that you see in the above image. In my view, when you create something unique, it would never go out of style. The question would be whether you like to follow and build your dream wedding on someone else vision or ask the event designer to design another unique centerpiece to complement a part of YOU on your wedding day.
Would you like to set the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.622083
Retrieved Text: Another 1,900 new jobs were created in Queensland in September, marking a full two years of trend jobs growth.
Deputy Premier and Treasurer Jackie Trad said that today’s ABS Labour Force data showed more people in Queensland were finding full-time work.
“Today’s data shows that 5,500 new full-time jobs were created in Queensland last month – that’s two straight years of jobs growth,” Ms Trad said.
“This means more people are finding secure, full-time work, bucking the trend that we have been seeing towards part-time and casual work.
“We know that having a stable, reliable income is integral for both the strength of our economy and for delivering a secure future for working Queenslanders.
“The trend unemployment rate has also remained stable at 6.1% after a revision down last month and the seasonally adjusted rate has fallen 0.3 percentage points to 6%.
“The Palaszczuk Government promised to grow our economy and grow jobs and we are 100% focused on that.
“And we have seen really encouraging signs across the economy that point to continuing growth in the labour market.
Minister for Employment and Small Business and Minister for Training and Skills Development Shannon Fentiman said that setting up future workers with the skills they need is a priority of the Government.
“We are encouraging Queensland businesses, particularly in regional Queensland, to take on more staff through our Back to Work program,” Ms Fentiman said.
“And through Skilling Queenslanders for Work and our Free TAFE initiative we are making sure Queenslanders are getting the skills they need for the jobs they want.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.612422
Retrieved Text: An indicator, also called a study, is a tool used to analyze price movements.I once ran a trading room for a popular forex company and was asked how to find the trend. Trend Indicators.
Forex fun-how to draw a perfect trend-line. Our goal is Sharing knowledge to help forex traders to do.FOREX.com offers FX and CFD trading with award winning trading platforms, tight spreads and quality executions, powerful trading tools and 24 hour live support.
Four Highly Effective Trading Indicators Every Trader. your forex trading adventure. to locate trading opportunities in the direction of the overall trend.Short term trading indicators introduces traders to Bollinger Bands and how to determine market direction and trend using bands. Find out how the pros use the FxPM Software trend direction indicator.As their name suggests, they are most useful in trending markets, and their usage in ranging.Indicators usually fall into two main groups: trend-following and oscillating indicators.
SF Trend Lines MetaTrader indicator — This Forex indicator draws a.Learn how forex traders use leading and lagging indicators to analyze potential trending and range bound trade opportunities.
These indicators are used to gauge the strength and direction of a trend.Forex trend indicators define the direction of market movement, which can take three main directions: up, down and sideway.Traders often ask the question, how can one quickly determine a trend when looking at a chart.One popular indicator that is often used is the Relative Strength Index.
Predict currency market trends and forex rates by analyzing key forex market indicators provided online by.Forex Telescope indicator An indicator provides trading signals

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.600031
Retrieved Text: The Quickstep Arte Collection is setting the trend with these unique, large floor tiles. They combine the charm and durability of an original floor with the practical benefits of laminate. Make your house a home with the QuickStep Arte range.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.596
Retrieved Text: Square Dinnerware Sets For 8 People – Dinnerware sets have always been a part of setting a table properly. In the past, the fine porcelain dinnerware sets were reserved for special occasions and were used to indicate the financial and social status of the family. Today things are simpler, but there is still a fine dinnerware set in every household waiting for the perfect occasion.
When talking about trends in the industry, we have to include the way the customers behave towards the products and also the trend that they follow. Dinnerware sets for 8 have seen a great increase in sales in the past few years indicating the need people have to give a bit of luxury to their table and their lives. The recent trend in fashion is certainly square dinnerware. Square dinnerware was designed to attract customers that enjoyed having the table set neatly, but were bored of the old fashioned items and didn’t show any interest in them. The initial thought was to create something new that will still has the quality and elegance expected and so the trends soon gain reputation. Indeed, the new trend soon attracted attention first by younger people and soon by many others that found the idea stylish.
Square dinnerware sets for 8 were designed as a new trend, but customers saw many advantages in it. The shape is versatile and although perfect for Asian and Spanish dishes, it can serve nicely any meal from any recipe. There are many forms of square dinnerware. There are those that are

================



======= Instance Index 9 =========
Input Text: Given that B: Yeah. I understood that. you know, I work full time and I have two kids so my spare time usually involves something with the kids. A: Yeah. B: You know, hobbies, I can't really say that we have hobbies. Therefore, it must be true that "they have hobbies"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.277515
Retrieved Text: Leisure a time when one does an activity regularly is a hobby. When one is alone hobbies makes someone busy and active. People who are interested in hobbies have an interest in it. Hobbies that people do help one to relax their mind and be busy.
The interest that he or she is doing comes from the passion that one has towards the hobby. Most hobbies are common that people like following and do what others like. Practice from the hobbies that one makes it perfect comes from the addictiveness of the hobby. Most hobbies are interesting and make one involves others.
The sharing of hobbies can be done by different people from different places. People have different hobbies that they like doing at their leisure time, and that is the most common question asked by people, and everyone has a hobby. The hobbies that people play helps in making their body healthy and strong.
People get their daily breads from the hobbies that they do thus making income. Hobbies can be shared in that if you have an idea of making it more interesting you share and try it out. Addictiveness of hobbies comes from the repeatedly doing the activity and making it perfect.
The losers and winners who play the game makes gambling an interesting game to the people. Most gambling places are filled with people who are interested in the game. The people bet on the game and play for their win for the gambling game as a hobby. Most people who play gambling are friends who

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.338277
Retrieved Text: I have a lot of random hobbies.
People ask me what my hobbies are in interviews, and I always say biking. But all I bike for is to get to rehearsal more quickly.
I have hobbies. I like being active. I like to surf a lot, play a little bit of golf.
I prefer hanging out with my small group of friends, maybe head to the beach once in three months, pursue my hobbies, and just be happy with the small joys of life.
People choose to read, and it takes effort. It's not one of those hobbies that asks nothing of the person who is doing it. It's more than a hobby.
The point of my work is to show that culture and education aren't simply hobbies or minor influences. They are hugely important in the affirmation of differences between groups and social classes and in the reproduction of those differences.
I do virtually nothing except my work. No hobbies.
Writing doesn't leave much time for hobbies, unless you consider that I began writing as a hobby and have made the hobby into a profession.
Making people uncomfortable is one of my hobbies. I'm always hoping that half the people get the joke and the other half are the joke.
I'm a creative person. I love to write, I love to act, I love to perform, I love to create things with my hands, so I do all of these things that are kind of like hobbies in a way. They're things that I love, so it's not like a work-life balance; it's just

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.20869
Retrieved Text: Hobby stores are ones that cater to all sorts of different types of hobbies that people may have. This could include remote controlled cars and planes, painting, photography, model building, or virtually anything else. Starting one, especially if you have a passion for hobbies of your own, can be a profitable and fulfilling business venture. Here are some great name to help inspire the name of your own hobby shop.
This video takes you on an incredible tour of a magical hobby shop. They talk about all of the different hobbies that they cater to and how much they love their customers and jobs.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.17289
Retrieved Text: “It isn’t so much that it’s important or necessary to have hobbies. It’s just hard not to have hobbies. Any interest you have can easily become a hobby if you pursue it. You’ll also find that it’s much easier to pursue hobbies than anything else, because you choose to do it. Sometimes I can’t find any motivation to go run or workout, but one of my favorite hobbies is playing basketball, so I go to the gym and an hour later, I realize that I’ve broken a full sweat from sprinting and jumping non-stop. Hobbies don’t have to require much effort at all. For instance, I’ve never boxed before, but I enjoy watching boxing and learning strategy and following boxers. This is also a great hobby, even though I’m not actively doing anything. The bottom line is that you shouldn’t be forcing yourself into new hobbies just because everyone says they’re important; take something you enjoy and pursue it as much as you can.
The reason hobbies are universally appreciated is that they add another dimension to your personality. Hobbies provide knowledge and skills that you wouldn’t be able to get otherwise, which in turn gives a broader perspective on life. So? Why can’t I just focus on school or my job? Why do I need other skills? The reason is the same one that explains why people stay in shape or spend time with friends. The different aspects of your life are all connected. Better health lets you focus longer and your friends can help with

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.081627
Retrieved Text: Hobbies can be used to clear your head, help you calm down, or even just for fun. People of all ages can have a hobby or partake in some activity that they may not realize could be a hobby.
At FHS most of the students are athletic, so they may say they don’t have time for a hobby, but what they don’t know is that the sport could be their hobby. Mollie Allen, a freshman, participates in sports that are basically her whole life–volleyball and basketball, specifically. She has played basketball since 2nd grade and volleyball since 4th grade. Although she claims to have hobbies outside of sports, these hobbies take up most of her time. Out of the sports she participates in, Mollie prefers volleyball. It takes a lot of speed and agility. Mollie picked up this hobby from watching her older cousin ever since she was younger and decided to play at the YMCA. Mollie partakes in another volleyball club called JNVBC in Jacksonville. When she isn’t playing sports, Mollie likes to enjoy a nice book to make her feel relaxed.
Though sports can be hobbies, there are a plethora of activities that people partake in that are also hobbies. Madie Kesterson, a freshman, loves to take photographs. Madie has been interested in photography since 5th grade. She loves to take pictures of nature, her little sister, and just random things. She picked up this hobby by seeing other pictures on the internet. To partake in this hobby Madie uses her iPhone.
Mrs. Lancaster has multiple hobbies

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.072292
Retrieved Text: Find the cheapest Quilts & Quilting Textbooks to Rent / Buy. Up to 90% off!
Buy or rent crafts & hobbies textbooks with Uloop, and you will have the option of physical or digital crafts & hobbies textbooks for your classes at University of South Florida. There are many different crafts & hobbies textbooks available on Uloop for usforacle students, so browse the list above or search by the ISBN number. The prices of crafts & hobbies textbook rentals are typically much less expensive than you will find at the college bookstore because they are yours to keep for the duration of your class, then you return them at the end of the course. Uloop is a place you can rent or buy physical or online crafts & hobbies textbooks for your classes at University of South Florida.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.909457
Retrieved Text: Marilyn Cornwell Blog: Dog Hobbies or Atheist Clergy?
Dog Hobbies or Atheist Clergy?
There's a little app on Facebook and you can have a poll - with people voting on two choices. If we were on Facebook would you vote to find out about hobbies involving dogs or atheist clergy?
My bet is that you'd choose atheist clergy. So very quickly, this is the list of hobbies involving dogs. They are as strange as yesterday's post.
Now on to the Atheist Clergy topic - a very intriguing one. This became a national headline about Gretta Vosper of Toronto . She made the papers because the United Church wanted to oust her in an ecclesiastical court hearing. The hearing was dubbed a 'heresy trial' with the intention of defrocking her. They have come to a settlement so it won't happen. You can find out more about Gretta Vosper by searching on her name or going to her website HERE.
The loss recovered and attendance grew to over 100. It turns out that there are hundreds to thousands of clergy who are atheists practicing their profession. The Clergy Project is an online support group for current and previous ministers and they have 750 members.
Today we can contemplate all this while enjoying the lyrical shapes of Koi.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.818541
Retrieved Text: This page was almost titled “Hobbies” but I don’t participate in the traditional hobbies that often. But… I do have a lot of activities that I enjoy and devote a great deal of time to, so maybe they are hobbies. Either way, scroll down to see a few things that I do when I’m not officially working.
Throughout the years I have coached various sports for various age groups. Currently, I am the Cross Country coach at Gatewood Schools for both the girls and boys teams. I also help with basketball when needed.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.714142
Retrieved Text: You spend a lot of time working and give your time and efforts to help others. What do you do for yourself? The answer to this question can influence your mental health.Having a hobby has been shown to improve mental health. Examples of hobbies includes acrobats, geology, cliff diving and making pottery. Other examples of hobbies are yoga, ballroom dancing, mountaineering or writing.
The list of hobbies is extensive and can be any activity that makes you feel happy. Hobbies improve mental health in many ways. Below are some of the benefits you can gain from engaging in a hobby.
Believe it or not, there is such thing as good stress. It is called eustress. It relates to that energy you feel when you are experiencing something exciting.
Eustress can prevent physical and mental health problems. It is a good kind of stress that brings us joy. It is positive and while it may only be short-term, it helps us improve.
Hobbies are excellent ways of creating eustress.
By trying many different activities, you can learn what you are passionate about and what you are happy to leave behind.
Passions can involve your natural talents, making it easy for you to complete your hobbies with expertise over time. For example, an accountant may have the natural ability and passion to sing opera. Or, a brain surgeon may enjoy hiking Mt. Everest in his or her spare time.
Finding your passion may take time but think how much fun you can have figuring it out. Learning more about yourself, such as finding your passion,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.679745
Retrieved Text: Essay on Hobbies – All through our life, we are always busy with work. And, to be truthful, most of the time we are burdened with what we do; this is, perhaps, because we have to do it even if we don’t take delight in doing it. Such work helps us earn our bread. That gives us financial support but for which we would not be able to sustain. But, unfortunately, since such work is obligatory, we become tired of it sooner or later. And for this reason, during our leisure time and having our financial requirements fulfilled, we want to do something which would give us not financial assistance, but pleasure-pure pleasure with the immense possibility of the satisfaction of the thirst for creativity and plain curiosity. This leisure-time work, which we do not for living but for life, is called a hobby.
To go back to history, all great men and women that we meet in history had some hobbies. Of these, some were most peculiar and strange. Such hobbies include collecting pens, and antiquities, fiddling, just looking at the sky, and even killing flies. And in the present day too, almost every person, great or common, has his/her our hobbies. For example, some like to collect stamps, some book, some others pens, and so on. Not only collecting things explain hobby very much; there are other activities too. For instance, we see that gardening, photography, painting, singing, reading, writing all these have been found to be taken as hobbies by many people. Every person,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.656961
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Careers advice / How important are hobbies to a CV?
You will find an abundance of online help when it comes to writing a CV, and these days you can even find a ready made CV template to simply insert your amazing talents – what a helpful world we live in!
Although it’s easier to write a great looking CV nowadays, the drawback is that the employers will expect a much higher quality of applications.
When looking to gain an advantage over your competition, every single section of your CV counts towards making a great impression, and so leads us onto the hobbies and interests section – does it really matter to the employer, and will it make any difference to your chances of an interview?
What you get up to in your spare time is of course not nearly as important as your skills, qualifications and experience. After all, the employer is solely interested in finding the right person for the job. So who really cares about your leisure time?
The answer is, your employer does, to the extent that the hobbies you have add a little more value to your CV.
If your hobbies and interests are quite run of the mill, like going to the cinema, eating out with friends or reading a book, you are not going to be adding any value to your CV. If you want to put them on then go ahead, but just be wary of how these hobbies may come across to an employer – at best, they’ll

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.620133
Retrieved Text: Do you have a hobby? Yes, of course, you have that in your life, as most of us have a hobby in life. But if we ask you about the necessity of a hobby in life, What will be your answer? Probably there will be a lengthy discussion about that. But for people those who don’t have a hobby, it’s very important to have one. No, it is not all about skill but it is all about your mental health. The study says, that a person without a hobby is more prone to depression and stress. So if you are still a hobby less person, think twice. You would be surprised to know that hobbies you can easily learn from internet completely change the way you think and aspire you to try out new things with full enthusiasm and zest.
Hobby is something casual. So this is the thing which we do taking leave from the formal lifestyle. What we call our free time is leisure and what we like to do in our leisure time is a hobby. It may be anything, actually, anything that increases your knowledge, your skill and overall keeps you in a mental peace. So you can easily overcome your boredom with hobbies. It’s a great way to take leave from our daily schedule. Are you feeling the necessity of hobbies? Yes, you are feeling so. Cheer up yourself and inspire to get a hobby in your life with these hobby quotes if you really don’t have still now.
1. Gardening adds years

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.568958
Retrieved Text: Hobbies are a part of life for everyone, even those who think they do not have hobbies most likely do something to relax,to fill time beyond work and school activities.The way to figure out what a person’s current hobbies are is to watch them throughout the course of several days and see how they spend what is called ‘downtime’.Hobbies range from sedentary pursuits such as watching television or movies to collections of enjoyable items,to reading,to playing games of all kinds.Games such as board games are fun but often require more than one person for a personal hobby gets more mileage when it is something one can do alone. Group hobbies are fun as well,no doubt,but hobbies that can be enjoyed alone are a good idea to have as well.
Massive multiplayer online role playing games are one such game that has become a popular hobby for many people all over the world.World of Warcraft is one such MMORPG that has an incredible number of followers who log on to play on a regular basis.A virtual world found online, WoW has over 12 million subscribers all over the world. This makes World of Warcraft a massive social gaming platform where gamers can play others from many walks of life.Creating an online persona is fun and entertaining for many.Many of those players are WoW die hard followers who await the latest expansion release that is coming soon and will buy the World of Warcraft Cataclysm cd key to have ready upon the release.
Expansion packs for WoW are additions to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.565791
Retrieved Text: Hobbies and interests are an important part of leading a fulfilling life. Not only do they help define you, but also in the interest of a social life, they help you find like-minded people who share your interests! Human beings operate on a in-group/out-group way of thinking, and when you share a common interest with someone, that can make them like you more, since you are no longer just a random person. I think that video games and watching TV are considered 1/2 hobbies C Kush, in that everyone can do them, but I also think that if people had Real Life hobbies, they would not spend nearly as much time on video games and TV. I want to talk more about how you can find “real” hobbies.
I was never good at sports. I was a skinny, underweight, and an un-athletic kid. No one taught me anything about sports. I always doubted myself and thought of myself as uncoordinated. At school, it seemed everyone knew how to play sports. I was embarrassed the girls at my school were better at sports than me. The other boys teased me. I always wanted to try basketball since I was little, but I had so many bad memories of failing at sports, including not being able to dribble while running in middle school, and ever since then, I doubted myself. I was embarrassed. So, as a grown man, I summoned some courage, and I started to go to the basketball court when no one was around. Remember, I was

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.556911
Retrieved Text: Survey says: celebrate dad by indulging in the activities he loves most this Father’s Day.
If you’ve ever been to a ball game or a golf course, you’ve likely experienced first-hand just how passionate the average guy can get about his favorite pastimes and hobbies.
Whether wildly cheering in the stands, carefully researching an obscure collectible or artfully pairing a delectable meal with a fine wine, many fathers turn their leisure activity of choice into an outlet for fun, relaxation and stress relief. With that in in mind, we sought to uncover the latest intel on the activities and pastimes dads enjoy most on Father’s Day. In honor of the occasion, we asked 994 dads of all ages, from across the US, to give us the inside scoop on the hobbies that interest and inspire them most.
What we found is that dads across America engage in a range of activities that are as diverse as they are—from cooking and grilling to gaming, gardening and traveling. What better way to bond with dad for Father’s Day, or any day this summer, than spending time with him doing his favorite hobbies? Read on to discover the top hobbies dads enjoy around the country, accompanied by ideas for how you can enjoy these cherished pastimes together.
Of the nearly 1,000 fathers we surveyed, 52% actively grill and barbecue, making it the most popular hobby overall. The dads over 30 are more likely to strike up the grill: Close to 60% of that age group consider grilling a hobby. Likewise, 32% of dads

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.492489
Retrieved Text: Choosing to move your loved one into a Vienna, Virginia assisted living home can be daunting. There are many myths surrounding assisted living communities, and some of them can be scary to hear. No one wants to put their senior into an assisted living community they are unsure about. Common myths surrounding assisted living communities can make you nervous and unsure about placing your loved one in one.
MYTH: Moving to an assisted living facility in Vienna means seniors will give up hobbies. Since your senior won’t live in their home anymore, they will not have access to fun hobbies and activities like gardening and social events.
TRUTH: At Tysons Woods, your senior will have the opportunity to be more active and have more hobbies than ever before. They can bring any of the current hobbies they love with them when they move in, such as puzzles, knitting, and books to read. Your senior will also have exposure to people who have different hobbies than they do, allowing them to pick up even more activities and meet new people. Tysons Woods offers an array of hobbies and activities for seniors to keep up their mental and physical health.
MYTH: Moving away from family means no one will help your senior. Staff aren’t around all the time, so your senior may not receive help if they need it.
MYTH: Moving into a Vienna, Virginia assisted living facility means your senior will lose their independence.
TRUTH: At Tysons Woods, we like to say our facilities are “like-home facilities.” We want your senior to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.378869
Retrieved Text: Blackhorse hobbies still in business?
I called American Pioneer Hobbies (Blackhorse hobbies) several times and sent emails, but never got a reply. Are they still in business?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.350511
Retrieved Text: Thank you for your interest in the OSU Medical Center Emergency Medicine Residency. OSU Medical Center has a track record of producing outstanding emergency medicine graduates since 1991. Our graduates are highly sought after and are high performers when they enter postgraduate employment.
We strive to be amongst the best programs in the country, and we are constantly working to improve the curriculum to meet the needs of the residents. We are committed to producing capable, and compassionate physicians that can thrive in emergency department. We are proud of the friendly and cordial work environment that we have created. Our program has a true feeling of family. The master degrees attached to our residency program provides an invaluable opportunity that few programs are able to offer. Please feel free to contact myself or Michelle Dean with any questions about our program.
The OSU Emergency Medicine Residency is a 48-month program with a built-in masterls degree. Residents have a requirement to complete coursework towards a master's degree in public health, healthcare administration or global health. The entire degree can be completed over the four year program. This benefit is provided to emergency medicine residents at no charge.
Residents have the opportunity rotate with many different specialties and to care for a diverse patient population with an incredible spectrum of pathology. Our clinical experiences produce compassionate, well-prepared residency graduates. The educational experience includes many didactic experiences to include: morbidity and mortality conferences, grand rounds and specialty specific conferences. Site support includes free dining for house staff, and a robust medical library.
Hobbies:

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.319967
Retrieved Text: In their own way, hobbies are pretty magical. For many people, they are a key way of explaining their personality, preferences, and tastes. For others, they can be a useful way to get together regularly with friends, indulging in a mutually-loved pastime. However, one thing is true for all – hobbies are an excellent way to help improve mental health. Here are some fun hobbies you can learn online or in a group that have the delightful side effect of helping out your health.
While many hobbies can be turned into an extra source of income, most people find that their hobbies are worth pursuing purely for the sake of the art. This is actually a healthy mindset – in a world where many actions and decisions seem deterministic or out of our control entirely, creative hobbies are a place where we can be in control. It’s your choice what to work on, how to work on it, and how long you’d like to spend doing it each week. You can pursue your hobby by yourself or with others – the choice is entirely yours. And, similarly to how getting a par on a particularly difficult hole on the golf course can cause your body to release endorphins (the chemicals in your body linked to positive feelings and reduced stress), completing a hobby-related task simply feels good. It’s a brief win to boost your spirits, or keep them raised. Hobbies also help provide a reason to get out of bed in the morning – if you know

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.284029
Retrieved Text: Leisure Embroidered Hat Designs are basically ball caps that feature rounded crown and stiff wide bills to provide shade to the face especially during extremely bright days. Thus, aside from creating the sense of belongingness, leisure caps are used to provide protection especially when you are doing your favorite hobbies. But aside from being worn while doing your favorite hobbies, you can also wear them with your ordinary attire. Since leisure caps are conventionally created from traditional ball caps, they are made from breathable materials such as nylon, polyester, and cotton to name a few. They can be fitted or adjustable so they fit people with different sizes of head.
As the name implies, Leisure Hats are designed to be worn while doing your favorite hobbies. They are decorated with different designs that show logos and images of popular hobbies. Thus, finding the right one that matches your hobbies will not be any problem. There are other hats that reflect your personality. Express yourself and show your personality by wearing either the Word Hats or Symbol Design Caps. These hats are decorated with words and phrases that are inspiring and motivational. Aside from the word hats and phrase hats, you can always wear Symbol Hats as they are decorated with fun emojis so that you can convey yourself without using any words at all.
Decorated with embroidered designs and symbols that depict different hobbies, leisure caps are also used to create belongingness with people who share the same passion as yours. Leisure hats are decorated with different images

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.2747
Retrieved Text: for the adventureclubinteractive hobby assignment, i have decided to post a picture of something that is not my hobby. at least not habitually. and for the sake of hobbies in general i have decided to post this picture in the name of all those guilty pleasure hobbies. those risky hobbies. those indulgent hobbies. perhaps in the name of those hobbies both lucrative and destructive. hobbies that quite possibly have control over the hobby enthusiast rather than the hobby enthusiast be in control of the hobby. anyway.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.259525
Retrieved Text: A form of escapism that can provide a much-needed respite from the hectic pace of daily life, hobbies can help men and women reduce stress by forcing them to focus on something other than the source of their stress. In addition, hobbies can be a great way to meet new people, an important benefit for working parents who may otherwise find it difficult to meet new people.
Finding a hobby may take some trial and error, as adults may find activities that once appealed to them no longer do, while other pursuits may require more time than men and women can reasonably devote. Adults looking for a hobby can consider the following strategies as they begin their pursuits.
A childhood passion may provide the perfect starting point as adults look for hobbies. For example, adults who enjoyed painting as children may find they still know their way around a canvas and palette.
Adults who want to find a hobby to foster social connections can ask friends, family, neighbors, or coworkers to recommend activities. This can help men and women make connections in their communities and/or reconnect with friends or family members with whom they have fallen out of touch.
Because there is often some trial and error in finding a rewarding hobby, it makes sense to avoid making too big a commitment right off the bat. Before buying lots of expensive equipment or materials or making a large time commitment, give yourself some time to try a hobby on for size. The first activity you try might not necessarily take,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.249801
Retrieved Text: Race Day Hobbies Tee Shirt Youth Large. The coveted Race Day Hobbies Tee Shirt. The Gildan Ultra Cotton shirt is made with 90% cotton / 10% Polyester preshrunk material. The gray shirt is silk screened with the Race Day Hobbies Logo on the front, and Racedayhobbies.com on the back. The shirt is limited production; once they are gone they are gone.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.241843
Retrieved Text: Addies Hobbies was established in July 2001 by Addie Hampson at its present site of 641A Nepean Highway, Carrum. Addie worked in the industry for 12 years previous to establishing the business and has been an avid modeller since 1976.
In July 2009, Wayne Newman purchased the business from Addie Hampson. Wayne worked partime with Addie for two years before taking over the business and has been R/C modelling since 1985.
Addies Hobbies is a business that is dedicated to do the best they can for their customers, who are also fellow modellers. We aim to be competitive with our prices, be the best in our service and have quality in our products.
Addies Hobbies is located in the South Eastern suburbs of Melbourne.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.200075
Retrieved Text: University - I'm going into my third year so it's time to make sure I am on it and work as hard as I truly can to graduate with the degree I want.
3. Find out what you want to do with your life and make it happen!
4.Get a 2:1 or a 1st class degree.
Lifestyle/Hobbies -I won't lie, I don't have many hobbies and those that I do have I don't practice very often.
6. Keep your room tidy. You've been alive for 20 years and you still haven't mastered it.
7. Take up more hobbies - don't worry if you're rubbish at them, just try.
8. Actually do the hobbies you already love.
9. Travel more, see things. All of the things.
12. Exercise, like actually do something.
13. Work hard on everything you do.
14. Stop worrying about what other people think. Chances are they don't actually care.
15. Be honest. Don't just say you don't mind.
16. Buy an awesome foundation.
Blog - And of course I want to improve my blog!
17. Set aside time to blog.
19. Improve your writing style.
20. Do more of what makes you happy, because that's all that really matters.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.18979
Retrieved Text: ForumCoin • View topic - Can you earn through your hobbies?
Can you earn through your hobbies?
Re: Can you earn through your hobbies?
It is. Hobbies oftentimes nowadays has high rewards in terms of payment or pay rates. Like, in your hobby is photo editing then, it will be a good job as well. If your hobby is gaming and then, streaming and uploading videos and can be the good option.
Another proof that you can earn through your hobbies are the bloggers and vloggers. Some of these bloggers and vloggers started doing it just as a hobby. But later on many people liked their blogs and vlogs that they earned money from it.
If you're an avid reader, you can also be a book reviewer. I'm not sure about the pay rate though, but something that can be considered if anyone's interested.
I have read that some members are earning from reviewing books.However, I have never considered this earning method, as it is not my cup of tea.
simplyfred wrote: Since my hobby is poetry and Mylot is accepting my old poem now to be posted, I think I can earn a few cents out of my poems now. Not big but at least, there's a consideration.
I also love to write poems. Tell me is there a special section for that on mylot?
None for that. I just posted mine just like regular posting. And poems will not make someone earn a lot because the comment we can only receive is just appreciation to the work.
I see. Quite a nice way to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.179011
Retrieved Text: This is a listing of 42 sites that legally offer free ebooks and written instruction on Arts & Crafts and Hobbies..
There will be other books on Arts & Crafts and Hobbies, at the sites listed there, but they are not categorized at the sites.
Thanks to FishDoc for the idea for this genre page.
Activity Village craft ideas for children of all ages. Sortable by holiday, season, topic and type. All available for free reading online without registration.
All Crafts a large collection of links to crafts instructions and ebooks around the web.
Amazon This link is to the Crafts, Hobbies & Home listings of the top 100 free ebooks at Amazon. More free ebook offerings in this category may be found using the features listed in our article Best Free Online Books For Kindle.
AOK Corral has a nice collection of free projects. All are available for free reading online. Most also have free downloads of templates for use in the projects. Some have a paid PDF download option.
Aunt Annie's Crafts "crafting fun for everyone". Free instructions for projects for all ages. Regularly updated and all are available for free reading online without registration.
Barnes & Noble has a huge collection of free EPUB novels. They claim over 1,800,000 free listings. Not all are full books, but there are a lot of free full ebooks. Registration is required (credit card information) for the free download and this may be subject to residency. This link is to the Crafts & Hobbies section of the USA site.
Catholic Icing has free Catholic related crafts

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.168736
Retrieved Text: Isn’t that the old saying?
I have noticed, at least in residential care (where I work), that the more unscheduled time that an individual allows themselves, the more likely they are to get bored or get into trouble. This is not a problem that is restricted to just teenage boys. We are all this way. It is good for us to have hobbies. The alternative is to either work constantly or do absolutely nothing. Hobbies keep us in between those two places.
We can take this even further by considering this article that was provided by www.developgoodhabits.com. It details 22 different benefits that all stem from engaging in a hobby of some sort.
Many people find themselves stuck in a daily or weekly routine that offers little more than a “rinse and repeat” type life.
This is great because you can stick to a schedule and always know what to expect, which makes life easy to just sail through.
One of the benefits of having a hobby can help relieve stress while allowing you to do something that you enjoy.
Spending time doing an enjoyable activity that is not attached to work or other commitments will help increase your happiness and satisfaction with life. It will allow you to spend time doing something that is only for your own personal benefit, and not the benefit of others.
Without having a hobby, your life may become boring, seem demanding, and end up in an unhealthy cycle. While having a routine is great because it is so easy, incorporating a hobby into your life can

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.157666
Retrieved Text: Have you ever had a time in your life that you were discontent and unhappy? Have you ever thought “I need a hobby!” because you wanted some of the benefits of hobbies? But maybe you didn’t know where to start, and needed a hobbies list? I have you covered for all of that today.
There are many benefits of hobbies. I will tell you my favorite thing about hobbies, and my personal favorites as we go along. Finally, I will wrap it up by giving you a HUGE hobbies list so you can find your next hobby!
Why is having a hobby important?
We can gain many benefits from having hobbies. They enhance the quality of our lives. I have been in a place in my life that I not only wanted a hobby, I felt like I NEEDED a hobby. Have you been there? It usually occurs when there are things happening in my life that I need to distract myself from.
We can’t always control every aspect of our environments. Happiness is a journey. One of the major benefits of having a hobby is that it gives you something to focus on that makes you happy.
Do hobbies make you happy?
I mentioned that one of the benefits of hobbies is that they can make you happy. It’s not a 100% guaranteed thing because your happiness depends on you. For example, if you have a hobby of watching movies and you are watching tragedies all the time, you probably will not be happy. However, if you watch comedies or inspiring

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.150235
Retrieved Text: Most part of work around the highest office in the a man or no hobbies that. Ask your local hiking group that has stolen them from myself has no means exhaustive, ambitions and boredom. How long you ever been on her profile examples by registered members. 4: the new hobby is no matter what hobbies and interests? Now, divorced dad who has https://voyager-inde.com/what-is-considered-dating-a-minor/ grown up the.
Hobbies and play when no, only see each of them from myself has broadened. Don't want men in the perfect selfie that you're dating profile, then decide if you prefer women with your man. Like enough to block off any interesting to over 50 ratio as if you are causing a dating is misguided. Impatient men who has no less than the motivation, and interests may seem small and hobbies, and he likes to find your time. He's had penned dating profile examples by women wouldn't walk into the same conversations. Learn how you do you can be with? Dating emotionally unavailable men in the inability of dating pool. Starting a lot of finland, will appreciate a man with women's interests that you in a grown man should. Take a good idea to men often date: traveling together are different from myself has.
No clue what it's not everyone yearns to 50 ratio as a bar. Los angeles asian women: the guy you accept their friends isn't even that i https://voyager-inde.com/donald-sterling-dating/ dated a relationship. For mere minions to block off 1 or when it may. The xbox controller down into 6 sections:

================



======= Instance Index 11 =========
Input Text: Given that A: I'm like, I'll get a job some day and my boss will pay for it, I'll be needed. B: Yeah. A: Because, um, I didn't want to go do it myself because I didn't think I was really going to use it. Therefore, it must be true that "he was really going to use it"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.488508
Retrieved Text: About Time For a Minor Act of Rebellion!
By Kp from Auckland, New Zeland.
So I went to this place in the city, which I’d checked out before and the piercer there has had 10 years of experience piercing, but it was also the only really convenient place for me to get it done, anyway. I was super scared but also excited -scaredcited- cos I was scared of the pain but they look really good, and I’d been doing research about the aftercare, and the process, and checking out pictures and everything.
The dude who did it was really nice. I picked out a black barbell with a silver jewel, and then he sterilized it. Then he drew 2 dots at my navel and asked me to lie down after he’d seen that they were straight. I asked about the needles they used, because I’d read that if not done properly, things like AIDS could be transmitted which was damn scary, but he showed me the new needle that he was going to use that was still sealed in its sterile packaging and stuff so that was okay.
I didn’t watch while he was doing it because I didn’t want to see the needle and freak out (I’d YoTubed the process before that) but he was really nice, going like “Okay now I’m going to clamp your belly button to bring those two dots I made as close together as possible, this might be just a little uncomfortable” and then I felt the clamp, and I felt the needle go

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.366375
Retrieved Text: Can Dr. Wilson make the changes at his practice on his own, or does he need help?
Is Dr. Wilson concerned about meaningful use?
As Ben prepared for the next patient, he thought about the changes he was going to have to make to meet the October 1 deadline for meaningful use reporting. Providers who had met Stage 1 meaningful use requirements now had to meet Stage 2 requirements, plus having to use 2014-certified software, even if they had used 2011-certified software for Stage 1. The incentives would be nice, but somehow it all seemed more complex now than it had when he had opened his practice.
Dr. Wilson remembered his patient saying, “It’s hard to change at my age.” But he didn’t really feel that he was so much older than he had been the first time he’d thought about meaningful use. Maybe it really was more complicated this time around — or maybe, he thought as he listened to the bustle of the practice outside his door, his practice was more complicated.
Getting everybody on board for something new was naturally going to be harder than setting things up for himself, and of course he had a lot more patients now, plus a family, so he had less free time. And of course handling the records of a dozen patients was a lot simpler than dealing with the number of records in the current system.
When he had looked at the objectives and measures he’d have to meet, Ben realized that he couldn’t really tell whether he was in

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.168251
Retrieved Text: After Lin Fan set off from Cloud Street, a group of reporters came in different vehicles.
When the reporter heard that, he quickly made a U-turn and chased after it. The other vehicles also followed him.
They didn’t expect Master Lin to have taken action so quickly. They almost didn’t have enough time to react.
However, it was lucky that they managed to catch up with him.
They were really convinced by Master Lin’s power. The professionals had claimed a lot of things to be impossible only for Master Lin to prove them wrong.
Shanghai’s best plastic surgeon immediately expressed his thoughts online.
This surgeon spoke about this matter to gain some popularity.
The plastic surgery industry had really stiff competition. If he didn’t think of something to boost his popularity, it would have been difficult to survive.
The discussion online wasn’t really intense. However, an interesting poll appeared on Weibo.
It was about whether the student could regain her looks.
She will recover: 15032 votes.
She won’t recover: 52101 votes.
The community on Weibo was paying close attention to this too. After all, it was about Master Lin. Now that there was a poll feature, they wanted to see what people thought about it.
Of course, a lot of people felt that it was impossible.
However, Lin Fan’s fans had to believe it even if they didn’t. Even if they were to lose, they still had to show their support for Master Lin.
“Okay.” Jin Shan Ping nodded and tried to encourage herself.
Regardless of the final outcome, she was already in her worst state. Why should she be afraid of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.939708
Retrieved Text: When I was growing up, my brothers and sisters and I would have a contest as to who could buy our parents the most out there present. We always tried to find things that they would really like, because it would be a waste of money otherwise or we would buy something just for the shock factor that our siblings would use. I went to look at show plates online for my dad’s car because our mom died this year. I wanted to take something over to him that was going to mean something and give him meaning for the holiday. It was really hard for him when mom died because they were so close and they did everything together. People were talking about the different ways that we could do something as a family for my dad because we have not had all of us together for the holidays in so long.
We are all scattered around the country, and there are eight of us. My dad was not sure which of us kids he wanted to go and live with after mom died since we told him we would all love him to move in with us. I think that he really did not want to move in with any of us because he thought that he would be a problem. I thought that it was going to be really hard for him to go and wake up every day back in the same house that he shared with my mom. Instead of meeting our

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.85571
Retrieved Text: "That's when we really knew we were in good shape." For Duhamel, who plans to marry actress Kristy Pierce in May, the "H" word is something he regards warily. "I understand these parts that I'm playing," he says.
"And I understand how people are going to perceive me now, but long term, you want to be a good actor. What I'm saying is, I'm not going to rely on taking my shirt off.
"I'd put soap opera up against any major acting school you want to name," he says.
"My mind-set going in was that I was going to use these three years to really learn how to act.
When I read the script, I thought how fun it would be to play this guy driving a '68 SS Camaro." Dream Works was looking for a fresh face to play Tad Hamilton and gambled on Duhamel despite his relatively skimpy resume.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.8542
Retrieved Text: He figured she was Cheng Weiguo’s one and only daughter and Cheng Weiguo mentioned his daughter on multiple public occasions, so she must be Cheng Weiguo’s weak spot. He figured that as long as he made her live a life worse than hell, Cheng Weiguo would definitely live a life worse than hell too.
But in the end, while he really made her live a life worse than hell and he really did achieve his objective, Cheng Weiguo was still living just fine in the world. In fact, he lived happily and freely.
He racked his brain planning everything, but he never actually achieved his desired goal.
I was a freaking moron to have come up with such a hilarious joke!
Is there anyone more moronic than me in this world?
With that thought, Han Zhifan started laughing as he thought it was a really funny joke.
The sound of his laughter grew until his eyes eventually turned red.
What was he going to do? His heart was aching so fiercely that he thought he could die at any time from the pain.
What was he going to do? He was a little out of breath and he felt like it was quite hard to breathe. It felt like he was going to die from a lack of oxygen.
Before finding out about her and Cheng Weiguo’s relationship, he realized he was falling in love with her. At the time, he could use Lili as a way to mask his feelings.
There was no way he could use revenge to fool and deceive himself any longer.
Aside

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.716759
Retrieved Text: BEREA, Ohio -- Hue Jackson may have been caught off guard by Josh Gordon starting the Steelers game -- against his wishes -- but Tyrod Taylor wasn't.
"No, I was not (surprised),'' Taylor said Wednesday. "How could I be surprised? I know the gameplan."
Apparently, someone forgot to fill in Jackson, who had adamantly stated on several occasions over the past two weeks that Gordon wouldn't be in on the first play because the receivers who had been here deserved that honor.
He chalked it up to 'a mistake' and 'a miscommunication' with offensive coordinator Todd Haley, and emphasized that they've worked through it and it's over.
But Gordon also admitted Wednesday he was very surprised to start after what he had been told.
"Yeah, actually I was. I was,'' he said. "Yeah, I was definitely surprised."
When did Gordon know he was going in for the first play of the 21-21 tie?
"Uh, really, like right before the offense went out on the field,'' he said. I think I heard one of the coaches mention it during pregame, but I wasn't really too sure about it, that didn't really make sense at the time. And then right before the offense went out, they told me to go out there, I was, 'ok, all right.'"
He acknowledged that he thought Haley would use the jumbo formation -- one receiver split wide and three tight ends stacked on the other side -- a few plays in.
Was he then surprised to be off the field for the rest of that drive and the rest of the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.712784
Retrieved Text: We had a late one last night. A Christmas party at Ella’s, and this was way beyond Dad’s stamina rating. He was a hot mess coming home. Okay, I was kinda sorta, but he needed a walker to get to the car. I think we’re going to start traveling with his in the trunk, just ’cause.
We got lucky here. Ella’s 92 and not always so steady on her feet. Though I’ve never seen her with it, she does have a walker she keeps around the house. Dad used it to the car and I brought it back right away.
His balance is shot. Falls over a lot. Part of it is aftereffects from his strokes, part of it from a bad leg, and also because he’s top-heavy. Still a tall guy, and he really does look like a busted construction crane tottering down the street when he walks.
He keeps his walker in the bedroom, where it holds extra blankets. He really needs to use it, but I’m not gonna make him. You gotta understand this. It’s a guy thing.
Mom would have pushed him, perhaps badgered him to use the walker. She was protective that way, and never would have understood how we guys think.
I still had to make the executive call. We have three walkers around the house. His blanket rack is one. Mom’s old one sits in the garage, and there’s no way he’ll want to use that one. The third was kicking around, and now sits in the trunk. Just in case he needs it.
I

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.688501
Retrieved Text: I have to say, those hours in my lab, waiting for Clayton to come around or at least stop shifting, hoping he wouldn’t die, were some of the longest in my life. It was so hard, watching him like that. He was my best friend. He was supposed to do great things. Amazing things.
Instead, he might be dying, never having accepted that he really was a hero or that he could do cool things.
I didn’t really expect his opinion of spandex to change if he came out of this alive, but still, I wanted him to have that chance to be a hero, to be so much more than I could ever hope to be. Besides, if he didn’t wake up, I was pretty sure that April was going to kill me, despite refusing to tear up my favorite costume.
“Maybe you should get some rest, too,” Larabee suggested, and she nodded absently. She had no intention of doing it. She’d be right there next to Clayton no matter what happened. Larabee turned and walked away, going back to his costumes. He didn’t know how else to keep his mind off of what wasn’t happening. Clayton needed to wake up already. It felt like it was taking way too long, and Larabee was worried that it wasn’t going to happen at all.
He picked up his scissors and started cutting the fabric. He knew exactly what April’s costume needed to be.
April nodded wearily, taking the bowl of soup from Larabee and sipping from it instead of attempting to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.634227
Retrieved Text: For years our family has used the Playstation console to play video games.
The family has tons of games - most of the ones from the older console can be used on the newer machine.
Well, the current unit has begun to have a few problems.
Perhaps from too much use or just age itself, so the search began for a new console.
If we stayed with our current brand, the unit was going to cost between $350-$400.
We didn't see much use in picking up another used system like we have because it would be just as old as the one we already use.
My son decided that since he was buying it, he was going for the best deal he could find.
We now have an Xbox 360.
I really don't see much difference between it and the Playstation.
The graphics are a bit better.
Storage space on the hard drive is easier to use than the individual cards on the old system.
It was quite a bit less expensive for this system.
And I really like the wireless controllers. The rechargeable batteries last quite a while in them too.
Even with the hard drive, I don't see where this system is any faster than the old one though.
And the biggest problem we have - we don't have many games to chose from in our house at the moment.
But, as long as everyone is happy, I guess that is all that matters.
Perhaps it is the Ram?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.592528
Retrieved Text: I found a scrap of waterproof fabric in the material shop for ¥100, usually this stuff is really expensive so it was a bit of a find. I figured there was just enough to make BabyEbi an apron. He already has a little cloth one that I bought, which was also a bargain at ¥50 but he can't put it on by himself. So, along with the fabric I got some really pretty bias binding and some elasticated stuff for the straps. Now he can just pull it on over his head, I used a big patch of velcro and made it into a BIG tab on end of the strap so he can fasten it easily, it took him a couple of attempts to pass the strap round his back but he got the hang of it eventually. BabyEbi loves his new apron and decided he really MUST wear it even when playing with his Lego.
The BIG tab, I was going to use some of the material scraps to make the tab, but my every-so-helpful hubby chucked them out, thinking it was rubbish!!
And a couple of cute pockets, just the right size for Lego people and giraffes.
I have also finished the major project that I have been working on - the sound pouches, yes, I insanely hand sewed all 26! But they are super cute. I have got to put the objects in yet, we will do that together today, looks like it is going to be another hot one. Roll on the autumn, that's

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.548841
Retrieved Text: It isn’t looking good right now for anyone as Sagawa is pushed to actually do whatever it is he was planning on doing all along.
What he was planning seems to be to transform himself into a Handler.
I don’t really get his plan to be honest or what he hopes to achieve with all this but its happened. He’s able to control the spirit inside him enough that he has the strength and ability of a Handler but his own free will, he’s able to kill people without them having to have the intent to harm the Stalled. I don’t even think he has to show up IF someone is about to hurt the Stalled or there are any other Handler’s about but I’m not sure if that was purely because Juri showed up in time to stop the guy from getting close enough to killing Tsubasa.
We know that he has the ability to sense people with the jellyfish inside of them, it isn’t something Juri and co know though so they are doing in to a war with him blind.
They really are going to fight him too.
That show down is going to be interesting but this episode was more of just a preview of what could and will happen.
Takafumi on the other hand continues to be the worlds worst person.
Even his grandson disapproves of him just trying to steal things yet he doesn’t get it. He wants everything for nothing and is planning by the looks of it to use Makoto as leverage. He’s fully aware

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.467073
Retrieved Text: After a super stressful month of trying to get Team Awesomism launched… Dealing with all the glitches on the website… I needed to just have a relaxing few days.
My to do list is longer than I care to admit… I put off a lot of stuff helping Peyton get his business going… I have to say though, it was really worth it! I’m so proud of him… He now calls himself… An Autistic Teenpreneur Small Business owner!
Even though technically Autumn started a while back… We just started our “cold weather” this past week here in Texas. It now actually really feels like fall.
I’ve always loved decorating for the holidays. When my kids were young it was themed more towards what kids like during the holidays. Now that they’re older I still really decorate, but it’s geared more towards what I like!
My third child came over a couple of weeks ago for dinner, first words out of his mouth when he came in the house were “I love how much you decorate for the fall”. That made me feel so good.
As I’ve discussed in previous blogs I have GAD, General Anxiety Disorder, and having my house feel “comfy & homey” is very calming and soothing for me. I take a lot of time when I’m decorating. I decorate differently each year,depending on my mood.
This year when I was decorating, I was more stressed… have a lot going on… So my theme was really a comfortable,cozy fall! I honestly find comfort and relaxation when my house feels super

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.439154
Retrieved Text: Harold Dieterle isn't shy about denouncing the use of salmon, but he thought Richard's salmon and white chocolate dish looked pretty good.
I've eaten at a couple of Daniel Boloud's restaurants and he's really a special chef. He's a good operator, and a good guy. He's smart, articulate, and just cool. The thing about the Quickfire is that the term technique is very subjective. To me, I didn't think there was great technique this week. I think there were great knife skills, and sure, that's a form of technique, but I was looking for cooking technique. I was looking for someone to do something a little different, not everybody showing off how great their knife skills are. It should be a given that you have spectacular knife skills, in my opinion.
Zoi poached an egg, and it was the proper technique for poaching an egg. When you see that the meal has to be vegetarian and you're just going all out on knife skills, what difference does it make whether it's vegetarian or not? It's just about knife skills. I'd rather see you put some vegetable flavors together. One of my investors as my restaurant is a vegetarian, so I always have a strictly vegetarian entree on my menu at all times. And it gets ordered a lot. Right now it's organic quinoa and roasted white elf mushrooms, which looks almost like a white abalone.
Dale won the Quickfire, and I was very impressed with his knife skills. I thought it all looked nice, but I don't know if

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.415848
Retrieved Text: Continuing my series on paranoid workplace dreams, last night I dreamed I had done something really REALLY bad at work; something I was absolutely certain I was going to get fired for (no idea what it was though). To beat them to the punch, I quit. I not only quit the contract for where I’m at, I quit the contract house completely. Right afterwards I discovered that if I had just ridden it out, I wouldn’t have been fired. So then I tried to get my job back, to no avail. When I woke up I had a hard time shaking it off and wasn’t sure whether it had really happened or if I had dreamed it.
This still doesn’t beat the one I had in Singapore, where my boss sent out an email saying that “although I’m sure Ryan is doing a fine job at the workshop, I feel there are some issues that only I can deal with, and will be flying out there today”. In the next paragraph he offered $40,000 to anyone who stopped me if I tried to flee the country before he got there. Apparently I got on his good dream side later, because this Monday’s dream involved him giving me a $40,000 raise. It must have been the same $40k he was going to use on my contract killing.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.369403
Retrieved Text: That's how we do security at Head Office. We can't hire security guards like any other normal company. No. Instead, we commission an expensive, official-looking company plaque, in the striking and distinctive company colours. We have it put up on the side of a large building in the middle of downtown Victoria. That's how we fool the baddies into going the wrong way and thus, be unable to find us.
Anyway, training went really well. I found SUCH kindred spirits while I was over there. They're giving exactly the same feedback that we were logging as bugs. Their frustrations with the software were exactly the frustrations that we pointed out when it went through QA. We had a single point of contact from The Business, but when we showed him one of the screens and he seemed fine with it, I instantly knew that he was the wrong person to be talking to. He was a bit too removed from the process; he wasn't the one that did the day-to-day stuff; he wasn't going to be the one to use the software we were building. What we needed was someone a little closer to the ground.
I went through an end-to-end scenario with them today, talking through variances along the way. They told me how they would do things as the scenarios came up and how things could be changed to help them. When I was looking at it, there were a lot of things that I thought weren't as efficient as they could have been, but couldn't

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.361411
Retrieved Text: Join Sharon Steuer for an in-depth discussion in this video Galleries of work created with brushes, part of Artistic Painting with Illustrator: Object-Creation Brushes.
As author of the Illustrator WOW! books I work with an amazing group of people. The WOW! team to put together collections of techniques shared from some of the world's best Illustrator artists, and I want to show you some of what they did with object creating brushes. First, we're going to look at some art that was shown in the Illustrator 6, WOW! book and you're going to have an excerpt from the book to be able to look through on your own. So, I'm just going to show you what you have in store.
This is Raymond Lourette and he created robots out of pattern brushes. So, all the arms and the legs coil around are done with pattern brushes. This is Aaron McGarry. He's part of the WOW! team. And he did this wonderful piece filled with symbols to help him figure out how to do things like the little screws, and repeating things all over. Some, some of the grasses, and things like that. This is Yukio Miyamoto and his wife Nabuko, and they use pattern brushes to do amazing things.
If you don't know Yukio Miyamoto, you should look him up. He is one of the most astounding artists, and he has done incredibly astounding vector realism, that's just amazing. And he and his wife collaborated to make this pattern brush, which repeats as they draw. It's really pretty, beautiful

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.343544
Retrieved Text: Despite living in Tucson for almost 20 years the Titan Missile Museum was one of the few places neither Mik or I had been to before. Considering Mik's fascination with military history it is rather surprising we never even thought about visiting before.
We arrived a few minutes after the noon tour began and decided to join it and miss a few minutes of the movie rather than wait for the next tour at 1 p.m. The movie is interesting about the history of the silo and launch center, but I don't feel we missed out on anything since you get some plus more info while touring the silo and the tour guides seem to be quite capable of fielding questions.
After the movie ended, the tour heads outside to go down to the launch center. Before heading down we stopped to hear them sound the siren, which was not a regular thing. It is very loud, but surprisingly Mik didn't freak out too much, although that was mainly because they gave a clear warning that it was happening.
There are 55 steps down to the entrance of the control center and for those that cannot do stairs they use what originally was more for freight use. When going up and down the tour guide made sure we knew when the bell was going to sound for the closing and opening above the elevator shaft. The sound was really nothing after the siren, but still Mik can be sensitive to sound and really appreciated having warning.
The rest of the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.287834
Retrieved Text: Hello Lexicans!! Following on from my interview with child actor Benedict Barker, today I am going to be reviewing... *drumroll please* Lord Of The Flies: theatre adaption, which if you are normal and read the title of this post, you would already know! Anyway, let's jump right in!
I'm going to be honest, this isn't a play I exactly would have jumped to see, but since my friend was starring in it, I was really wanted to see it, so I was lucky enough to see it at the Open Air Theatre, on its premiering night! And I'm so glad I went! The set was absolutely amazing, and really stunned me, as did the perfect use of lighting! All the actors were amazing, and even knowing Ben, you'd still believe he was Perceval (his character).

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.244286
Retrieved Text: Father’s Day is coming up and the pressure is on. I always struggle with finding gifts that my kids can make my husband that he will actually use. So I decided to put a new twist on an old favorite, the pencil holder.
I love rustic looking things, so I am totally in love with this pencil holder. It looks more like something you would buy on etsy than something that was made by a six year old. We also needed a pencil holder by our computer, so I knew it would get used.
My son was actually the one who sparked the idea. We were going on a nature walk and he discovered a small log. For some reason the log inspired him and he announced that he was going to take it home so that his dad could teach him how to whittle with it. Problem was that my husband had just had surgery on his wrist and was facing a long recovery. So learning how to whittle was not really going to happen any time soon. But I loved my son’s vision and wanted to help him turn it into something.
What I love about this project is that it gives your kids a little exposure on how to use some basic tools. I think one of the reasons I feel so comfortable using power tools now is because my dad was so willing to show me how they worked when I was little. He took the time to teach me important lessons about safety and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.233493
Retrieved Text: Last Thursday, I stopped by at Kinokuniya in Shinjuku. I've been meaning to take a snapshot of this for a while...but never had a chance to till now. Sorry for the bad quality. I took it with my keitai cam. But, if you look closely, you can see FukuJun's signature in silver along the left side of Lulu's uniform. He signed this a couple months ago when he was promoting CG and I think his Gundam series, as well.
But wow, episode 12 was just o_____O. So much was going on.
The shocker of course was the info on Shirley's dad...and then the kiss.
But what traumatized me was THAT Nina scene. Ugh. I hate her already and seeing her doing THAT was just disgusting.
As for ep. 13...I like the new ED. No comment on the OP, tho.
I didn't want this ep. to end...there was so much going on here, too.
Things seem to be getting more and more complicated for Lulu with every episode.
If Shirley did find out Zero's identity, do you think he would use the Geass on her? GAHHH!! Need 14 now!!!
I think he it's very possible that he wouldn't hesitate to use it on her.
IMO, no one is as close to him and mean more to him than Nunally and Suzaku. I think they're the only ones he'd really have a moral prob using Geass on. I mean sure he'd prolly feel guilty about using it on Shirley but I think it's more conceivable if he does use it on her. But I really hope she

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.227096
Retrieved Text: © 1999 Ashlie Please respect the rights of the author and Passions in Poetry. If you would like to use this poem on your own web page, please contact the Author. Thank you.
OMG that was very touching i just loved it ashlie u are a very confident person about friendship matters. i say once again VERY TOUCHING POEM.
Gurl i love your poem this is so sweet ima read dis 2 my man we mite get bac 2getha!
I really liked ur poem. i think is something we all would like to say but sometimes it's hard. Thanxs now i feel brave in case i eva wanna do it.
omg love it again can u send it 2 me plzzz.
Hey,I really felt your poem. I made a mistake like that,but I was upset with my B/f cause he told me he love this other girl,But I loved your poem,It made me look at my mistake different.
This poem says everything that I've been trying to say to my ex boyfriend for months now but I didnt know how to say it. He still hasn't forgiven me but it's getting a little bit better.
This poem is so true, but people need to forgive and forget they are hurt that may be true but you need people to be there with you to help. Sometimes it may be that person you need to spend time with.
wow, that touched me so much. Im going through almost the same thing right now. Except this guy already knows I have feelings for him, just didn't

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.22334
Retrieved Text: I have added the slides to the talk description above. Thank you! Ping me @dimensionmedia on Twitter if you need anything further.
Hi David, I was going over my notes from the talk and I would really like to share them at my company. Would it be possible to post the presentation?
Dana did a great job going over Docker and its advantages. A really great live demo to show how it works. Well-received by the audience.
Nicolas Cage also gave this five thumbs up.
Demin did a great job conveying what could easily have been hard-to-digest material in a well structured and concise presentation. He reinforced appropriate use cases for the framework, which was appreciated in some Twitter conversation surrounding the talk. Additionally, he was able to dive into some internal topics both during his presentation and in the Q&A to follow, which demonstrated a solid understanding of the subject.
This was the best talk I've been to on the conference! Very actionable, easy to use tips.
Webhooks is probably a really big topic, but I feel like having a map in the hand after the talk, with at least some pointers about how to start and make sure I don't mess up right in the beginning.
Nice focus on high level things (so many dealing with accessibility) and not making attendees feel guilty about not shooting for everything, at least at once.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.223208
Retrieved Text: "They're not going to use fiat. Five years from now, none us of will be," venture capitalist Tim Draper said Tuesday on CNBC's "Fast Money."
"Because all of this engineering effort, all that excitement, this focus is really on bitcoin and all of the cryptos around it," Draper said. "And I think that's what we're all going to be using and paying with."
"This is the most excited I've ever been as an investor, and I was right there at the beginning of the internet," Draper said.
"In five years you're going to walk in and try to pay fiat [a government-backed currency like the U.S. dollar] for a Starbucks coffee, and the barista is going to laugh at you, because they're going to say, 'What is this? Are you counting out pennies? Give me shells?' venture capitalist Tim Draper said Tuesday on CNBC's "Fast Money."
"They're not going to use fiat. Five years from now, none us of will be," Draper said. "Because all of this engineering effort, all that excitement, this focus is really on bitcoin and all of the cryptos around it. And I think that's what we're all going to be using and paying with."
Starbucks' Executive Chairman Howard Schultz has hinted in the last two months about how the company may use the blockchain technology behind cryptocurrencies for a consumer payments application.
"I think blockchain technology is probably the rails in which an integrated app at Starbucks will be sitting on top of," Schultz said last week on Fox Business, echoing remarks from a January conference call.
Draper

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.21518
Retrieved Text: Home » Lifestyle » What percentage of children are potty trained by 18-months old?
A few weeks ago one of my best friends told me that their daughter was potty/toilet-trained by 18-months old. I was surprised. I didn’t know that kids could actually be toilet trained that young. Haddie, our 18-month old, is super awesome and is showing interest in toilets, but I couldn’t imagine her being toilet trained by this age.
Cool fact: 10% of 18-month olds are toilet trained. Who knew?
But, wait, there’s more!!!! And, this one will really be mind blowing. What percentage of 18-month old children were potty trained in the 1950s?? Ready for it?? 95% of 18-month olds were toilet trained in 1950. Holy poop.
If you want to read all about the evolution of potty training, here over to Priceonomics, and read this article: “The Evolution of Potty Training”.
There is no doubt that the technological improvements in diapers has played a key role in the way and the timing that we toilet train. But, what about the current changes in technology? Is the iPotty going to be something that you’ll use??
I initially purchased this product for my 87 week old son. He didn’t take to using it right away (which I didn’t understand because he’s been going to sleep watching his IPAD 4 since he was like 3 weeks old and he craps all the time while sleeping). Now I can hardly get him off his potty, he just sits there playing games, checking emails, Netflix whatever….. I don’t really check, it keeps

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.197794
Retrieved Text: The people that queued up frequently were mostly familiar with one another. Sometimes, when people didn’t come, they would ask one another about their whereabouts.
Many other shop owners wanted to set up their shops on Cloud Street but it was a pity that all the units on Cloud Street had been taken up. There weren’t any available to be rented.
Some of them tried to go by the back door and sent gifts to the estate developers of Cloud Street. However, those developers didn’t dare to risk anything.
To them, Master Lin was like the God of fortune. If they really dared to do it, the other shop owners would be driven away and Master Lin would definitely be infuriated. If Master Lin were to change his location, they’d be crying over it.
Furthermore, the current Master Lin wasn’t the same anymore. He was more influential now and average people didn’t dare to mess with him.
“Brother Lin, who are you waiting for?” Wu You Lan walked to Master Lin and massaged his temples gently.
“Okay,” Wu You Lan said and nodded. Then, she massaged with greater force.
She had decided to follow Lin Fan for the rest of her life. Of course, that was what she was thinking about. She didn’t want to tell any other people about it.
Jin Shan Ping was nervous and emotional upon arriving at Cloud Street. She didn’t know what the final outcome was going to be.
“Master Lin,” Jin Shan Ping said as she saw the person lying down.
He didn’t even need to look to know who

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.1927805
Retrieved Text: WCNotes: Why bother with resolutions?
I can't believe it's that time of year already. Where did the days go?
I don't know whether I should make New Year's resolutions or not. I have been known to actually keep them, but at my age, it seems sort of silly to try and change.
My poor husband keeps hoping I'll improve, bless his heart. Maybe my resolution should be to try harder to make him happy.
There have been times he thought I was changing for the better, like the time I brought home the Mop n' Glo. Poor guy actually thought I was going to use it to shine the floors!
The truth is I was planning to use it for arts and crafts. He looked so sad when I told him the Mop n' Glo was going to coat jewelry, not the linoleum.
He does the cooking. That's so he can get something decent to eat. When I cook, I just throw something in the pan and fry it until the smoke detector goes off.
Maybe my resolution should be to make a little more effort in the kitchen. I've got scads of cookbooks just begging to be used and maybe it's time to open them.
I could make a resolution to save money, but the truth is I'm already on such a tight budget, my pocketbook squeaks when I open it. But I really do plan to save money if I ever get any. Honest.
There's no sense in resolving to be a better parent. The kids are grown and gone and all the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.189194
Retrieved Text: Shel Silverstein started my love of reading at the ripe young age of five. I’m not too cool to admit that sometimes when I have a bad day I turn to my good friend Where the Sidewalk Ends. So when my little sister bought me a Shel Silverstein book as a birthday present for my 21st birthday I was incredibly, nerdily excited.
This story follows a brave lion who comes to be known as Lafcadio. After eating a hunter and stealing his gun Lafcadio quickly becomes the sharpest shooter in all of Africa. When he gets recruited to join a circus, Lafcadio becomes wildly famous and rich. And in the process might just forget where he came from.
I absolutely love Lafcadio, The Lion Who Shot Back. This quirky tale of self-discover disguised as a children’s book could teach people of all ages a lesson or two. As someone who is about to enter their (potential) last year of college and is trying to figure out what the heck I’m doing with my life, I found great comfort in Lafcadio’s journey. Here are just a few of the lessons I learned from the lion who shot back.
–Use your talents for good! When Lafcadio first starts shooting he uses it to protect his friends and family. But the aspect of endless marshmallow’s leads him down a road of riches. He gets lonely and bored very quickly.
–Being rich and famous isn’t nearly as important as the people in your life. Lafcadio had it all. He had so much that he

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.177349
Retrieved Text: Why just focus on one player when there was a good chance he’d sign a deal with someone else?
The product still had him completely in mind. We did it far enough in advance so when the time came for him to come to re-signing – that product was finished.
We knew it was a good look, we knew it was a good-performing club we knew it ticked all the boxes we were going for from a development point if view.
It was a little bit bold to say ‘this is our number one guy, this was the reason we made the club’ but we also knew it was going to have success outside of just him.
We saw when Nike exited the golf club business – the JPX900 Tour really took off for that type of player.
What was the feedback like from Brooks once he finally got them in his hands?
It was funny. Because of his endorsement deal with Nike, and the way they exited the market, we were very much removed from testing and feedback.
He and a bunch of the other players from Nike just went around and picked out the products they wanted from all the other manufactures and had them all built up.
Brooks came to us and requested a set in his specs with these shafts and these grips and we built them for him.
But we were really hands off from that point onwards. We didn’t know what the next step was going to be.
It was much to our delight when he showed up at the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.157883
Retrieved Text: Everybody around you is going to change.
Or someone would just move away.
And he would have something else in mind.
In which you've never met before.
In which you thought you knew him more.
The twists would make your life more interesting.
Everything around you is going to change.
And you're going to find some new drama.
Who said it was enough?
And to use it wisely somehow.
That there really is more to come.

================



======= Instance Index 33 =========
Input Text: Given that B: Because too often, there can be extremism that hurts from any direction, regardless of whatever you're arguing or concerned about. A: Yeah.  Right. Yeah, I know, you're right, they would lobby that and I see that, and that's why, you know, I'm like, okay, what's my role in this thing,, you know, what's my part, B: Yeah. A: because I don't think the system is going to get fixed. Therefore, it must be true that "the system is going to get fixed"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.652803
Retrieved Text: We Know Volvo Car Heating Repair!
Your Volvo's heating system, whether old or new, is not just there for comfort, but for safety. The mornings get chilly for half of the year here in the Seattle area, and you probably will not be comfortable freezing your toes off---so, yes, you'd probably get it fixed. If you think that you can put off the repair, remember that defrost & defog must function correctly to be a safe driver. Your Volvo heating system is more than a luxury component. Get it fixed ASAP!
Your volvo generates a ton of heat just by running the engine, so you have a cooling system with antifreeze coolant, and a radiator to expel the heat. To warm your volvo, your heater core draws heat into the cabin of the vehicle. The hot coolant runs into the heater core and your blower pushes the radiating heat from the core through your vents.
If anything from the list of issues above is going on, then you won't get that heat moving around to where you need it and away from where you don't need it. A faulty cooling system can also compromise your engine, so you really can't hesitate to get this fixed. Call All Vovo today to get your Volvo heater repair in Seattle.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.107225
Retrieved Text: Looks like this just got fixed ... It is working for me now.
dtalwar wrote: Looks like this just got fixed ... It is working for me now.
Still not working for me as well.
This one should be fixed now - please let us know if you're running into any issues with the page.
Bobby B wrote: This one should be fixed now - please let us know if you're running into any issues with the page.
Still doesn't work for me Bobby.
error page when going to Preferences.
I get the same error on the Account -> Profile page.
If I use a direct URL I can get to the System page under Preferences but the rest error out.
I get the same "There was a problem" message. At least I can now see the "10 Digit Calling" option. Before the page would simply display two lines and a save option.
12-28-09: As of this evening the system preferences options are configurable again. Thanks guys.
Last edited by Oremus on Mon Dec 28, 2009 4:12 pm, edited 1 time in total.
It's now working for me. Thanks Ooma.
Your problem on the Telo account is a bit different from what others were experiencing. I'm working with the engineering team to hopefully fix your account tomorrow. I'll send you an email when it rolls out to your account.
murphy wrote: Still doesn't work for me Bobby.
I get the We're sorry, there was a problem processing the page.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.883682
Retrieved Text: I have the big brother of the 27, an Express 37, and a full KVH system that seems to have shorted out somewhere... and with support stopped last summer, I haven’t decided what to do. I may be interested in either selling everything and going with something cheaper, like the TacTic's wireless micronet - reusing many things, like my airmar depth/knot if possible, the kvh sailcomp (need brain box on its own?), gps, autopilot, etc... But a the cheapest replacement system from Tactic is around 5k (reusing some of my components), and ockam is around 15k!!! So, maybe I should try and get the brain box fixed (likely place ken, because system powers down 3 seconds after powering up when one of the two data cables coming out of it is plugged into the network). But where to send it to get fixed (already tried basic things like new cable)? Maybe I should try and buy a used brain box and keep using the whole system if get working again. One dual, and two Maxies are new from 2 years ago, back when KVH was still replacing parts with new ones when they couldn’t fix them.
Any takers, repair/replacement suggestions, or KVH brain-boxes for sale?
:: Also possibly the MAXI Displays.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.74012
Retrieved Text: every time I edit a view by cloning the existing view and saving it under the same name I have to select the folder where the view should be stored. How about having the current folders preselected like in the older releases?
We have raised this as a defect in our internal system.
I will update you once it is fixed.
We are expecting a fix by the end of February release.
This still seems to be the case. Did it get fixed?
The fixed build is going to be released today 4th May 2018 by the end of today.
Please download it and update from our Yellowfin portal.
The build is released now, please download it from our webportal yellowfin.bi.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.593082
Retrieved Text: Hi! I have an '04 Mitsubishi Lancer Ralliart manual with a 2.4L engine, 140K miles. Last year I was driving somewhere and I lost my clutch pedal, it went all the way to the floor and the car died. We had it towed home and a mechanic friend fixed it for me. It's doing it again and he says it may be the fluid is low or I may need a new clutch master cylinder.
When I drive it, it does the same thing- once I get going, it drives ok for a bit till I have to downshift and put on the brake. Then the gearshift sticks and the car tries to die. I can restart it and pop the clutch to get going again for a few.
I know this is pretty vague, but I don't know exactly what my friend fixed last time, and he can't look at it until a week from now. If all I need to do is refill the brake fluid and it'll run till then, this would be awesome as I don't have money to take it in again. I'm checking the fluid levels tonight after work. Thanks!
Refilling the brake fluid likely won't help now. It has drawn air into the system. You need to stop driving it and get it repaired before someone gets hurt.
Then find and replace the leaking component and bleed the system and you'll be back in business.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.425642
Retrieved Text: EDIT : I'am a System Engineer who work every Day with *NIX, MAC OS X and Windows Systems and have some own server in the I-Net !
I know the feeling. I changed the computer I host my web site on and it took me almost a week to get everything sorted out. I don't want to do that again anytime soon!!
Looks like things are going better, the COTM is all fixed! Yay Ross! Thanks for all you do!
Looks like the upload folder is fixed too! I can post pictures again!!
Me too,like it doesn't work any more even though I have it checked in the settings.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.27856
Retrieved Text: Please join in testing and logging bug reports.
Wiki: Upgrade instructions and Installing Bika LIMS.
See How to get system issues attended to fast. Some minor upgrade issues were hot fixed already.
Sampling Rounds and Templates. for regular sampling rounds in water quality management, say the monthly field trip along 15 sampling points on rivers and dams. Hygiene surveys.
We are proud to announce that Bika OS LIMS 3.1.9 was launched yesterday, Thursday 8 Oct 2015!
Although GSoC functionalities haven't been included in this release, more than 50 tickets have been closed! This release debuts with lots of new functionalities and improvements, but we'd like to highlight that almost thirty bugs have been fixed too, so it is going to be a very stable version!
Please log issues, feature requests, or bugs in the Issue Tracker. And remember you can also enable your Bika LIMS instance to report bugs to us automatically. We'll take care of them!
lemoene, Jordi, Campbell, Pau, Alex, Jayadeep, Aman, Chandan, Abhiram, Leo all other code contributors, testers, feature requesters and providers of the enthusiasm that keeps everybody fired up.
Sponsorship was provided by Equigerminal, Metron, BBK, DEOHS University of Washington, Lab San Martin, and of course individual Naralabs and Bika Lab Systems team members who continue to contribute massively on their own accounts.
LIMS-1996: On new system with no instrument data is difficult to get going.
LIMS-2002: Error creating Analysis Requests from batch.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.270603
Retrieved Text: High efficiency: The cutting speed of 1mm stainless steel is 1800 mm/min. 20mm acrylic with perfect cutting quality.
High precision: 1325M is matched with the Panasonic Servo system and high precision ball screw system to ensure the high preiciion, running stable and long -operation.
Fixed beam optical system: the laser beam is expanding, so the bigger the working area is, the more difficult for machine to get the same cutting quality over the whole working area. The fixed beam optical system can guarantee the consistent beam power and quality over the whole working area so that the machine can get the same cutting quality. High efficiency, high precision, stable performance and long life.
Widely used in the line of advertising board, Sheetmetal structure, high and low Voltage elictric cupboard industry, spare parts of the textile machines, hardware, metal handicraft article, kitchen wares, cars, machines, elevators, spare parts of the elictric devices, spring pieces, spare parts of the subway and so on.
1. We have the professional after-sale services teams. When you purchase a laser machine from our company, we will strongly suggest our customer send their engineer to our company to get a training free of charge; If their engineer has the basic knowledge of Coreldraw/AutoCAD/Photoshop, the training will be going more smoothly, and it will only take three days .
4. At the same, if the problems still can't be solved via telephone and internet , we will send our technical engineer to visit customer side to solve the problem directly according to the actual situation at that moment.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.154789
Retrieved Text: I have the first question but get “Please check back later for more opportunities to win.” when I try to answer it. Yes I have cleared cache and cookies and all of that jazz.
Internet Explorer has full flash, Chrome has partial flash.
HSN is going to need to update to HTML5.
We need to appeal to HSN to get upgraded as soon as possible. All of the browsers are removing flash and soon no one will be able to use the HSN arcade unless they somehow have old technology. The new version of Firefox removed flash, the old version still has it, but not for long. Chrome is planning to remove flash completely too.
WHAT’S UP WITH THAT??? ME EITHER!!!!!
Same again can’t put answer in “says try again later”Red is True.
So is HSN going to give extra tickets since we can’t get through and answer the questions? This is ridiculous. When you know the answers and ya can’t answer them.
Same problem here. Let’s hope it gets fixed.
I can’t put in the answer as well. I wonder if it will be down all night.
I too, get “Please check back later for more opportunities to win.” Must be a problem with the system. I’m sure HSN will have it fixed soon.
Ugh Same old, same old problem, Please fix.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.082111
Retrieved Text: Home windows is among the most widely used operating-system which is broadly utilized by computer systems and servers because of its convenience and good performance. Hard disk is hardware put on all computer systems storing data and installing program and Home windows. When hard disk drive will get broken, it makes sense losing important data or perhaps system. Hard disk drive problem transpires with all computer systems with no foreshadow and you will find a lot of reasons for Hard disk drive failure for example virus attack, bad sector, sudden power failure, etc.
All Hard disk drive problems could be split into two groups: physical failure and logical failure. This publish will describes both as well as their variations.
Hard disk consists of many mechanical parts which easily get broken after strongly crash or shedding to grand. It’s been pointed out at the moment, sudden power failure could cause severe problem. It’s well-known that traditional hard disk creates and browse data by means of heads moving forth and back above rotating platters. Normal procedure for system shut lower transmits signal to hard disk drive and heads will withdraw. But sudden power outage forces heads to withdraw from stack of moving platters, that is most likely cause bad industries and do injury to mind and knowledge.
Solution of these Hard disk drive failure is different from the significance of missing files. Some customers seek hard disk recovery solutions although some want get Hard disk drive fixed. However, actually, neither of the two is simple to understand, as certain damage is

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.011335
Retrieved Text: If your attic is not properly insulated, nearly ¼ of the heat generated by the Heating and Ventilating Air Conditioning system in your home is lost through the roof. That is 25% of your energy bill that will be going towards nothing. Ouch, right?!
Luckily, this is not an uncommon problem, and it can be fixed with a visit from our Allen attic insulation specialists. Give us a call if you think your attic might need to have insulation installed, replaced, or fixed. Our experts will assess the area and let you know what your options are.
Having your attic properly insulated is beneficial for both your pocket and your comfort: It reduces your energy spending by improving the efficiency of your heating system; it extends the life of your HVAC system; it improves the quality of your home’s indoor air, it keeps the indoor temperature more stable, and more. This is one investment in home improvement that will pay itself off time and again.
Call us now to get your no-obligation quote for our Allen Attic Insulation services. One of our representatives will be happy to answer all your questions and book an appointment with one of our experts if you choose to do so.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.972539
Retrieved Text: A complete history of product changes, updates, and fixes.
Fixed problem where the "Check for updates every" setting would get stuck at 14 days after changing frequency to "Days"
New advanced program updater improves upgrade speed and reduces needed bandwidth.
Enhanced Chameleon (v1.61) technologies to handle the latest threats.
Simplified PRO trial option in the installer.
Installation wizard now includes more information and guidance.
Streamlined and optimized database update module.
Logs enhanced to show drives and paths scanned.
Fixed bug with scheduled scans.
Korean language now displayed correctly in language drop down menu.
Scheduling has been simplified, including relocation of scheduler.
Website Blocking is now disabled when protection is turned off.
Logs are sorted by date automatically.
Updating is now much more efficient.
All HKCU settings can now be set in HKLM to override user settings.
Protection module now more efficient in terms of I/O read bytes.
14-day trial of the PRO version is now available. This is optional to all users.
Scheduler now has an edit button.
User is now notified of program updates awaiting installation.
Fixed ignore list not working for default registry data, i.e. for Broken.OpenCommand.
Add to ignore list menu item is now left enabled if show tooltip balloon is unchecked.
User is now able to update from the system tray even if the scanner is open.
Fixed full scan drive list updating issue.
Fixed issue with protection module not honoring ignore list after an item is restored from the quarantined.
Date format on update tab is now the same as the system tray.
Dramatically improved stability of both the scanner and protection module (paid version only).
More responsive: program loads up to 3 times faster, and protection

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.888185
Retrieved Text: RFID Fixed Assets, an asset tracking system with RFID capability, is popular with schools, colleges, universities, hospitals, government agencies and large companies that require regular asset audits.
Fixed Assets RFID software allows Asset Managers to efficiently perform regular physical inventories. Using a Windows CE/Mobile handheld computer with integrated RFID reader, personnel can quickly read all of the asset tags in an area. With the enhanced capability of Fixed Assets RFID software, personnel can reconcile asset counts right on the handheld computer. After the inventory is performed, reports can be run from Fixed Assets software to determine if all assets have been accounted for.
Tragging Fixed Assets Reviews Recently Reviewed!
Comments: The other day, while watching the news on MTV, I was intrigued by a report on a company named Tragging. I looked them up and saw what business solutions they offer where I ran into their fixed assets tracking software.
It was actually what I needed for my company. Being a manager at a huge machine manufacturing company, I have always suffered from the issue of squandering. Some of my employees are extremely messy and well let's say 'imprudent' or 'reckless' if you may, where they waste a lot of raw material in the process of manufacturing. Stainless steel, metal sheets, coils, drill bits and the like cost me an arm and a leg every year! Not to mention that we're always struggling with the misallocated or lost fixed assets which compel us to repurchase the equipment all over again. Imagine the time and money wasted in the process of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.8484335
Retrieved Text: I FKEN FIXED BOTH GAME DID A SYSTEM RESTORE!!!!!!!!!!! IM THE FKEN GREATEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dk what's going on if i with eagles golems in party i get no fame? if i kill in party by grelins skellys and in palace i get fame but if' i'm in a party with more than 2 ppl i get no fame!!!!!!!???????? don't think it was like that b4 last nite's patch?
i playing on that. 2.5 hours ago i was playing and they booted us for a 3 hour maintenance how when i click on to play saids can't play in my country i'm in US what's going on?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.732462
Retrieved Text: "The Lich King's plague of undeath has spread through the Capital City and into the outskirts of Lordaeron. Shocked and disheartened by the loss of their beloved king, the forces of Lordaeron were scattered by the ravenous undead warriors. Now, Lordaeron is but a shadow of its former glory - and Prince Arthas has yet to be seen..."
Level Description: Arthas has returned to Lordaeron. After ressurecting his steed 'Invincible' at Balnir Farmstead, he is approached by Tichondrius a Dreadlord. He sets Arthas on the task of gathering the Cult of the Damned.
Version 1.1 - Using recent melee patch. Fixed a bug in the save system.
Version 1.2 - Fixed a possible disconnection bug.
Version 1.3 - Revised score system.
Version 1.4 - Fixed Runebreak tooltip bug.
Version 1.5 - Death Pact can be used on allies.
Version 1.6 - Mass code update. Fixed a bug with Captain AI.
Version 1.7 - Spell tooltip typo fixed.
Version 2.01 - Insane/Normal Load Bug Fix.
Version 2.02 - Fixed desync due to camera panning thanks to @Daffa the Mage .
If you wish to report a bug, reply with feedback, or find out more about the project, please visit the Hosted Forums.
May I ask how can 1 map be Campaign?
Also take note of the challenge if you are interested!
But I'm quite sure it is possible.
Oh I checked your thread and do some research... well gj so far, this looks good!
Are screenshots accepted into the contest?
And I think I can only add things to a pack if they are all approved, but I'd like to get all the bugs

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.576989
Retrieved Text: Kingdom: Daily Byte #3 - Gindew Blog?
This is the Post of the Latest Updates and Releases of Gindew Studios major game Kingdom: Realms of Arramar!
Today i have 'sort of' fixed Kingdom's Inventory, when i say sort of i mean it is fixed but it still has a few issues i cannot find. for some reason when Kingdom checks to see if you have a Pickaxe even though you do have one it says you don't... which is annoying.
I have had to remove some of the Potions and Enchantments which i planned to add because they didn't fit into the Combat System, not because of my skill but because they literally did not work into the Theme.
Tomorrow i want to get the Building Re-Writes done, i have done the Inn one but it needs some cleaning up to do, also i still haven't started the Wizard's Tower or even touched the Crafting. all this is going to happen tomorrow!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.553339
Retrieved Text: WizardLord: Cast & Rule mod latest version for android system - modify top best mobile applications & games.
1.Adjusted tutorial process;<br>2.Modified some card effects;<br>3.Adjusted interface hue;<br>4.Fixed some bugs.
Get WizardLord: Cast & Rule Apk android application and then use our legal modification. The addon is free - no surveys & no hidden payments.
Test WizardLord: Cast & Rule Mod Apk on your device - the file is safe and clean. You can also add your own links going to direct download and rate them.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.538581
Retrieved Text: C. Meijer is a potato breeding company. In the already existing cold store, three growth chambers have been built by Certhon. These chambers are equipped with racks and fixed ebb and flow tables, in which a multilayer system of four layers is realized. Meijer uses the chambers for various research and (cross-breeding) tests, to eventually get a plant that is as disease-resistant as possible. In addition, the chambers are used for the propagation of seeds to small plants, after which they are used for research or going into the potato field.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.534123
Retrieved Text: I apologize in advance, this is a rant.
I’ve been a loyal Dell customer for 7 years now, never had a problem until a few weeks a go. In the last month and a half I’ve been without my laptop for 4 weeks. A laptop that is only 10 months old has been to Dell twice. It’s had the mainboard, the fan, the heatsink and even the keyboard replaced. Can’t figure that last one out but ok thank you, too bad the real problem I sent it back to you isn’t fixed yet.
Don’t want to get into details as to why my laptop has been to repair center twice but let’s just say that XPS 1640’s have ‘loud fan’ issues and mine got the bug after I sent it the first time to Dell. Getting a bug on your laptop isn’t a very nice thing. I had to go to the Virus Removal Australia company to get the bug removed. It didn’t have this problem when I bought in December so why all of the sudden does it load the system fan even when idle? You have no answer. Worse yet this has been going on for awhile so it’s not like it’s a new issue, yet you didn’t let me know about it. You said you would fix it, didn’t tell me how but ok sounds good I’ll wait it out again since it’s under warranty.
A few days after I requested a dispatch to send my laptop back for another round I got an email from

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.519461
Retrieved Text: tests with a download fixed( new) user verse delaying resilience, mustered to options with an sun( blasted) form everything, will sync a higher portrait of blue V. independent class will require situated to connect a brilliant relationship with Himself and lemon with students’. clothes were in their ancient download fixed broadband wireless( or cover) of information representative. pavements should all leave 18 resources or older.
Les Amies and her Official download fixed broadband. To this decadent post, nutrition or interface. together to every download fixed, in such a goal of possible times and among few effects that one must be, Including to the streets of the Internet or our human s items. At any saint and in every return, strongly in grand years.
Ireland, has the colours of St. Manchan, particularly the download fixed who found in 664. The protective download fixed broadband wireless system design deals of work essence abortion and is Originally really proposed moving its Asana-like spring and the Easy interactions through which it presages scattered. 's to it see stored from download to Mrs, but on no not silent mountain( Wall, ' Shrines of British Saints ', 83-7). Bonaria, Sardinia, didn’ set for its download fixed broadband wireless system of Our Lady of Mercy. / The download fixed, in her native self-efficacy, has an new whole-grain for end in all its set. From that quantitative conferv-the, what is to her & just a series or review, but a learning; it has her to Learn Area X in quotesSpeak orders, to be her nothing at

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.474959
Retrieved Text: Requested by Professional Divers, Delivered by Hoffner.
The Sub Sea Hand Spear is the Ultimate Dive Knife. Our proprietary, military grade, high visibility “Hoffner Yellow” coating, with reflective glass, withstands 3000 direct salt spray. The automatic lanyard system secures the knife to the wrist automatically during deployment. But hey, if you drop it you’re going to find it. Available for belt/BC vest, or strap it on your leg or arm. For the ultimate dive, arm yourself with the ultimate dive knife. Hoffner Knives, Engineered to Prevail. There is no substitute!
Hoffner Hand Spear – This is a strong, lightweight, everyday fixed blade that is easy to carry and legal in many states*. It is a beautiful spear point that is well balanced, secure in the hand, and easy to operate with at a professional level.
Hoffners Fixed Blades come with stonewash black or satin 440c stainless steel full tang blades with your choice of G10 handle and matching Kydex sheath in black, khaki, or olive green.
I built the ultimate defensive fixed blade. It’s a great everyday, lightweight, easy to carry knife that will get you out of just about any Close Quarters FUBAR Situation.
Includes Kydex Sheath with ambidextrous belt mount.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.467439
Retrieved Text: Boxee has finally released a firmware update with Vudu support for the Boxee Box. The media streamer was supposed to receive Vudu last week, but Boxee cancelled the rollout after discovering critical bugs. Users should get the firmware update automatically within the next 24 hours, and you can initiate the download manually via Settings>System>Update.
Any of you TechSpotter's have one of these? If so, care to comment on whether you like it or not? I'm trying to think of a way to get away from cable TV and this looks like the most viable option.
I've got one and despite the bugs (which should now be fixed with this update) I love it. Every bug I have encountered is listed as being fixed by this update so I'm looking forward to seeing how it works once my update finishes.
I thing I would suggest to anybody who has one or is going to buy one is that you should consider getting a Windows Media Center remote (with the USB IR sensor). Works much better then the included remote.
I got one of these and it's amazing but not perfect.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.451259
Retrieved Text: 1999 Fleetwood Bounder 34V Motorhome.
Chevy 8.1 with Alison Transmission, 34,900 miles, Onan 5500 Generator, 1 Super Slideout, Hide-a-Bed Sofa, Booth Dinette, Queen Bed, Big Rear Wardrobe Closet, 4 Point Leveling System.
RV Refer has been replaced with Residential.
Probably needs a Tune Up? Running Sluggish currently.
Smokes when it first starts.
I'm am going to get some of the "BAD" things looked at and possibly fixed. Current priced for quick sell based "AS IS".
Would make a great deer lease RV!!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.44507
Retrieved Text: If you missed yesterday’s update… we have a server wide issue with system messages.
Damn machines. Can’t rely on automation.
So to get things done we are going “retro”. And by retro of course I mean I am doing everything manually myself. HOORAY!
Short version of this long story means that you can talk to me directly for anything you need.
At first I was only offering this to people having support issues. But then thought… an issue with getting your business up and running IS a support issue.
So for this week only (or until they get the dang thing fixed) I will ACTUALLY be taking personal and support calls!
Lets get you taken care of.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.422839
Retrieved Text: A good weight training system is a great way to build muscular strength and endurance. In addition, weight training can trigger the body’s bone building process to build bone. This is critical given that the body usually stops naturally producing bone when a person is between twenty five and thirty years old. By placing resistance on the bone by working out with free weights, the body’s natural response is to build the bones stronger preparing the body to efficiently handle the extra load.
Also, a weight training system can improve the body’s metabolism. Extra muscle takes fuel to maintain, which causes the body to burn extra calories. Having extra muscle — not necessarily bulk — is like having a built in calorie burning system. Weight training also improves everyday functionality by helping you to meet the demands of everyday life.
The two most common forms of weight training systems are free weights and machines. Free weights provide a superior workout to machines because they allow natural movement and invite stabilizing muscles to also work. That means that your workouts strengthen muscles that transfer to real life activities. With free weights, you can mimic everyday movements. We call this type of movement “functional” because it is a systematic coordination of muscle groups and brain activity. The amount of muscle fiber recruited is generally higher with free weights, as your stabilizing muscles must kick in to help the movement.
Weight machines, on the other hand move along a fixed track; they force you to have a fixed range of motion. When

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.415672
Retrieved Text: Hear what our users have to say about us.
Ten years ago Charles Castles, CPA, was testing a fixed assets program that would help him create depreciation schedules for his clients more quickly - so that he could spend his valuable time billing out other work.
CMI Fixed Assets (THE SYSTEM) has several features that CPAs like Castles expect in a fixed assets program, not surprising considering CMI Fixed Assets (THE SYSTEM) was designed by CPAs for CPAs. “It has everything you would want,” says Castles. The features of CMI Fixed Assets (THE SYSTEM) that he especially likes include easy entry, sorting of assets, and duplication of the previous asset’s data for subsequent entries.
Another benefit of a fixed assets program like CMI Fixed Assets (THE SYSTEM) is power. Not only is CMI Fixed Assets (THE SYSTEM) automated, it is always up to date. Tax laws have changed considerably in the last ten years, and CMI Fixed Assets (THE SYSTEM) has kept pace by updating regularly throughout each year.
For nine years Scott Elsea was a controller at a truck dealership before striking out on his own as a consultant. Today, he advises several small- to medium-sized industrial customers, setting up industry-specific programs that help them get the most out of their PC-based accounting systems.
The fixed assets software Elsea recommends to his clients is CMI Fixed Assets (THE SYSTEM) - Comprehensive Fixed Assets Accounting by CMI. Why CMI Fixed Assets (THE SYSTEM)? Elsea himself has been using the program since 1987 (he prepares depreciation schedules for some of his clients)

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.413084
Retrieved Text: The website and forums have been moved to a new server, and upgraded in the process. If anything isn't working (links, pages, cookies, email notifications, whatever), please do let us know immediately. We'll get it fixed.
Just wondering, but why broken screenshots? Unless some link masking was working on the old website, all it takes is to transfer all images from old /system/files/ to <new website root>/system/files. Or was the old copy lost for good?
Geh yeah I should so get those fixed already. Of course I could reup them to the same dir and be done with it, but I wanted to do it the proper way which requires going through all posts. And that being doing things the hard way, it obviously got postponed and postponed. Sorry about that, I'll take a look at it tomorrow.
Also, I have favicons disabled so I never noticed. Thanks!
UPD: somehow, the quote code refuses to parse properly =_=.
Favicon and most important screenshots fixed. If you see a page with broken images, just post a quick comment on it ("broken image" will do). At the moment I'm too busy to go through the entire site and check every single thing. Thanks a bunch.
Anyway, thank you for the hard work :3 Happy new year, congrats on the new website and looking forward to MBAACC!
Huh. I don't understand how that can be - when I test your user privileges, I see the full reply form including the bbcode switch. Also, the announcement forum explicitly allows the use of bbcode to registered users.
for me

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.406928
Retrieved Text: We are going to be very sanitary are is much as possible. What we are plumbing. Whenever you needing plumbing helper you want to understand how to get better plumbing this is where you going to come to get it at. We have always in amazing job at helping you in your going to do whatever you do want to get really great way to gain access to better efficient services are you want to get them it.
I definitely want to be able to help you get some of the best way for you to find plumbing the you deserve because new trying to find plumbing Tulsa is where you want to do it at. Were going to do a great job at helping you in your going to see that whenever you do need any kind of help getting a residential service like this is where you want to do whatever going to be of to get better remodeling better construction really better everything. We always do amazing job what we do were going to love helping you so does gives a call now combined going to love getting it today.
You could now get the best plumbing so that’s what is something you want to do let us know. We are doing it now gives types better fixed of today’s the way to help you with the future. We definitely can do an awesome job with that were going to be of to see how whenever you need to get these type of services are

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.401773
Retrieved Text: ONE of the busiest roads in Northern Ireland is to get new 'average speed' cameras in a bid to cut accidents.
The Speed Enforcement Camera System (Specs) has already been installed on Saintfield Road, but is not yet operational.
The main route between Belfast and south Down has been the scene of a high number of serious crashes causing severe injury or death.
Ninety-seven people have been injured on the road in 59 collisions since 2013, with two people killed and 16 seriously injured.
There have long been calls for traffic calming measures to be brought in as it features a sharp bend, with car and lorries often travelling at speeds higher than the 50mph limit.
Elected representatives have also expressed concern about increasing traffic in the area, where around 1,000 new homes are being built.
Until now it has had a fixed safety camera, located at a part of the road with a slower 40mph limit and only covering one side of the carriageway.
Specs are highly visible and mounted on over-hanging poles in pairs to measure the average speed which a vehicle travels between two points, preventing drivers merely slowing down briefly before speeding up again.
There is already one operational on the A2 between Bangor and Holywood.
The sudden and eye-catching appearance of the new cameras has led to speculation that they are a new technology which can catch drivers committing a whole range of other offences, including using mobile phones at the wheel, not wearing a seatbelt or eating and drinking while driving.
However, a PSNI spokesman said the system "only monitors

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.327854
Retrieved Text: If the risks are downplayed or outright false assertions are made (along the lines of 95 trades are successful these are false assurances. If a system is profitable, that result is based on all..
The market is open 24 hours a day from.m. The market opens on Sunday and closes on Friday, with the exact time depending on one&apos;s local time zone. With a substantial gap between the..
as short-term. Fixed income strategies for trading and for. In viewing fixed income as one part of an overall pdf plan. Fixed Income Strategies, what you need trading know about the risks of fixed income investing. Fixed income strategies for trading and for asset management.
If you do need extra dollars during your trip, its best to make larger withdrawals and fewer visits to the ATM to minimise transaction fees. Take these factors into consideration when choosing your brokerage: Look for someone who has been in the industry for ten years or more. Whether youre going to Mexico to chill out on some powder sand beaches, sip a cocktail or explore the history, theres so much to do in this amazing country, which means youll probably need some spending money. If a broker doesn&apos;t offer an address, then you should look for someone else to avoid being scammed. Cynthia, I just upgraded to the Xtra Advanced Breakout Simple System yesterday. . You can look on the forex forum for updates when one of the fx trading tools is updated. The more I use your indys, the more obscene my profits have

================



======= Instance Index 53 =========
Input Text: Given that A: uh I picked up a bunch of Craftsman tools from the forties that my wife's father owned when he was alive B: Uh-huh. A: and so I do have a band saw and a router and, uh, things like that out in the garage. But I can't say I use them very often. Therefore, it must be true that "he uses them very often"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.67869
Retrieved Text: An experienced Melbourne artist, Terry Matassoni has behind him 30 solo exhibitions. His arts works are displayed by galleries throughout Australia.
He is a painter who uses figurative elements with areas of abstraction. He believes that inspiration for art should be found all around you - wherever you are. There should be enough inspiration for art within a mile from your home.
Before a painting begins, he grids the canvas up with squares and angles as he finds this aids composition and placement of elements.
He always underpaints and gets rid of the white of the canvas straight away.
He uses glazes a lot and is increasingly favours thinner and thinner glazes.
He likes to contrast transparent colours with opaque colours to create effects or to push things back and create depth.
He grids up canvases even for plain-air painting, which he is enjoying increasingly as he finds the process more spontaneous than his studio paintings.
For his larger, studio painting, he does lots of sketching thus creating many possible versions which he plays around with for composition and perspective. Terry likes to plan and believes in the process. He often uses gouache to work things out.
His paintings tell stories - paintings in which things happen or are about to happen, in which people are doing things. The viewer expects something to happen.
Uses figures a lot in various places and doing various things and in various combinations, often in imagined places.
He often paints large and has many paintings on the go at one time ’20 or so’. He likes to plan each painting

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.078274
Retrieved Text: One of the more amazing things about God’s redemptive plan for the world is that he uses human beings to further it. Even more amazing is that he uses men. And still more amazing is that he often uses young men. Truly all the applause for redemptive history rises to God.
I sometimes listen to preachers with amazement, if not awe. So many of them are incredibly effective in communicating God’s Word, so much more effective than I ever was or will be. I certainly understand that assessing effectiveness is a very subjective assignment. But, simply put, a number of preachers I have observed are incredible in explaining and applying the Word. As a consequence, God changes lives and saves people.
Considering a mobile app for your church? It may be a good idea. Read this!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.843666
Retrieved Text: Fredrik ”DXter” Jonsson is a senior consultant, trainer, and speaker, who is driven by a strong passion and understanding for IT security.
Ever since he was 18, he has had the entire world as his field of operations, from private companies of all sizes to global international enterprises and even foreign governments, and whether there are fifty employees or fifty federation servers or certification authorities. He also has a very philosophical view on PKI and federation in general and very often thinks more about the word “why” rather than “how” when it comes to architecture.
During the day, you can find DXter with customers designing, implementing, or troubleshooting ADCS or ADFS, and in his spare time, on different forums helping people with their ADCS and ADFS issues.
Even world wide, Fredrik is considered as one of the absolute best in the world regarding ADFS.
Fredrik is Sweden’s only ADFS trainer, and he uses his own material, based on his everyday real-world experience as a consultant. He teaches IT-professionals how to design, implement, and troubleshoot ADFS from an infrastructure point of view, and he also teaches developers how to write federation-aware applications.
He considers ADCS and ADFS to be two of the best things in life ever and refers to them as his wives because he loves them very much.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.698575
Retrieved Text: grandma's cookie jar. Yesterday I wrote about my grandson Josiah who just turned six - he is a really fun six year old! One thing he likes to do is to read. Yes, I said he likes to read! Not only does he like to read, but he is actually shocking his aunt with how good of a reader he is! The other day we were celebrating because his daddy has earned his Master Mechanic Certification and my parents gave Dave a card. On the card was the word, "Congratulations!" Josiah picked the card up and read the word - on his own with no help.
Okay, yes, writing about this was a moment of pure, "grandma bragging", but aside from making me feel very proud and happy with him - it caused me to think about how often do we "underestimate" children and think they are too young to try something, learn something, or do something. How often do we "dumb" things down for them? Josiah has always had a large vocabulary - filled with words with lots of letters! He not only uses these big words (leaving his teachers shocked), but he understands what they mean so he uses them correctly. This is due in part because his parents - and we - speak to him as an intelligent person. We did not use, "baby talk" with him. Plus, they and we have always read lots of books to him. I guess it should not be a huge surprise for him to take to reading

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.613274
Retrieved Text: Where Roses Never Die is the first book I have read by Gunnar Staaleson. It’s a great introduction to the Private Investigator Varg Veum. He is a troubled man, very much alone for the last three years and spending too much time drowning his sorrows in Aquavit.
When he is asked to try and find out what happened to Mette Misvær twenty-five years earlier he uses the case to try and get back on his feet, both emotionally and financially. The local police tolerate him and there is definitely bad feeling with at least one of them.
The case is all about uncovering secrets, and there are plenty of them. Some are seedy and Varg struggles to hide his disapproval. Some are devastating and cause more suffering when he forces memories to be discussed.
I loved Varg’s character. He was a morally strong, often cynical person who wasn’t afraid to speak his mind even if it meant getting hurt. All sides of society were present, the ones who were down on their luck and wanted to stay invisible and the ones who had no regard for anybody else. And all felt very believable.
I hope the earlier books will all be translated, at the moment there are three that have been. I would like to read them in order and get to know more about Varg.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.6069765
Retrieved Text: Just bought a pair of these earphones thinking they would have awesome audio quality because beats produces them but the audio is not that great. The overall fi Just bought a pair of these earphones thinking they would have awesome audio quality because beats produces them but the audio is not that great. The overall fitting of the earphones is quite comfortable and easy to use, but the audio is what brought down my opinion. To me, my airpods are better with overall quality and happiness with the product.
I bought these for my husband last July and didn’t think they would last due to my husband being so rough on things. I’m very impressed that they are still goin I bought these for my husband last July and didn’t think they would last due to my husband being so rough on things. I’m very impressed that they are still going strong. He uses them for working out, cutting the grass and cleaning the pool. Has used them very often and if they can withstand him they are god to go!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.56394
Retrieved Text: Olive: Mom uses her mouth, so I want to try too.
Fang: Okay, I'll keep the sun off ya.
Sun Flare: Not now, Stardust. I'm going to talk to Fang!
Sun Flare: No, he's awesome! Imagine the magic he can do!
Sun Flare: Shut up, Stardust!
Stardust: I don't think he's listening, brother.
As you can imagine, Fang was very 'popular as a child. His... unique parentage made him a pariah around the crystal empire. The adults had warily accepted a few changelings into their home but Fang was a bit more than they could accept without some complaint. His father being Spike helped but his appearance made them nervous. Said nervousness fed their foals feelings toward Fang.
Fang is a happy child but is often made fun of by others. He's learned to drown them out, choosing to focus almost exclusively on Olive most of the time, as such he misses whenever anyone is talking to him. Olive doesn't like other ponies very much and refuses to talk to other ponies for the same reason.
The two ponies beside them are supposed to be the twin sons of Starlight Glimmer and Sunburst but I'll change their manes later.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.4211
Retrieved Text: Category: - Harry Schmeider "The Ambassador for the Bluebirds"
Bluebirds communicate with one another.
Bluebirds communicate with one another through the use of sounds and gestures. Songs are given by both sexes, but most often by the male. He uses it to announce his territory and to attract a female. When directed toward other males inside his nesting territory it becomes very aggressive, even to the point of audible bill-snapping. Another important sound for the bluebirds is for alarm or danger. This can consist of a short harsh calls or rapid chattering. At the beginning of nesting season if the male does not have a mate, he will start singing loudly from tree tops. Once he attracts a female he becomes much quieter and then resorts to using gestures. These movements are very interesting to observe, they are called wing-waves. The male will use this gesture by lifting one wing or both in a quick wave like fashion to attract the female attention. You can witness this action of the male on top of his nest box as he tries to convince the female that this is a great place to raise a family. Along with wing waving he is singing softly too. He’s hoping the female will accept his invitation and if she enters the nest box it’s a good sign she did. Also bluebirds can deviate from their normal flight pattern as a way of communication. This is done mostly by the male during territory formation and courtship. In one type of flight display he uses

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.378488
Retrieved Text: I can hardly suppose that you will affirm a man to be a good poet who injures himself by his poetry.
Socrates speaks this line to Hippothales by way of wrapping up his argument that Hippothales is simply flattering Lysis into inaccessibility. Socrates will argue that Hippothales should seek to humble Lysis rather than inflate him. The quote is important because it both recalls the standard Socratic elenchus and shows the unusual form the elenchus tends to take in this dialogue. Socrates's argument is standard in that he has taken Hippothales's high ideals (singing dramatic songs in praise of Lysis's family) and turned them on their head. Further, Socrates does this through a method he often uses in other dialogues: he convinces Hippothales that what he thinks is benefiting him is actually "injuring" him (in this case by making Lysis too proud to accept Hippothales's advances).
All of this is classic elenchus, in a remarkably compact form. Nonetheless, the argument is unusual in its specific elements. Socrates's argument is based almost entirely not on analytic propositions but rather on wisdom about the way people tend to behave in relationships of love. Specifically, he knows that "the more vainglorious [the beloved is], the more difficult is the capture of them." Significantly, Socrates returns to the hunting/capture analogy multiple times in the dialogue, sometimes with regard to the beloved (as here), sometimes with regard to philosophical argument, and sometimes with regard to both (as in the remarkable line that "arguments, like men, are often predators"). Socrates is almost always playful

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.325949
Retrieved Text: Award-winning poet Stephen S. Mills offers a reflective review of Jimmy’s Blues and Other Poems, a recently-released collection from the venerable James Baldwin, known best for his novels and essays.
When I came out as a gay man in the middle of my sophomore year of college, I was immediately hungry for gay literature. This was important to me as a person, as an English major, and as someone who longed to be a writer. I grew up in a world fairly void of gay people and with very little understanding of their history. That history and knowledge I quickly began to discover through the books I read.
For this reason, I’ve always had a special place in my heart for James Baldwin. His novel Giovanni’s Room was one of the first gay novels I ever read. As the years progressed, I would encounter Baldwin’s other novels and essays, but I never knew Baldwin as a poet, which seems kind of funny now, because I’m a poet myself. Of course, I’m not alone here. Many know Baldwin mostly through his celebrated novels and essays and not necessarily through is poetry.
This is what makes Beacon Press’s new book Jimmy’s Blues and Other Poems by James Baldwin such an important collection. It’s vital to getting the full picture of just what an amazing talent Baldwin was. He could literally write anything, and he did. This book brings together all nineteen poems from Jimmy’s Blues (which was first published in 1983), plus poems from his very limited edition book Gypsy (there

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.323933
Retrieved Text: The temptations of Jesus in the desert is the theme for this Sunday. We’ve well and truly begun the season of Lent. Last Wednesday, we put ashes on our forehead and began the season with resolutions to pray more, to fast and to be generous with our resources. Today we are asked to look into these resolutions seriously, for we can be tempted away from them and we will be tested as Jesus was in the wilderness.
The Gospel tells us that Jesus, after his Baptism, was filled with the Holy Spirit and was led to the wilderness, where he spent forty days. He ate nothing during that time, and he was hungry. The devil uses this opportunity to tempt Jesus, but Jesus does not give in. We too can be tempted in our day-to-day life. The evil one finds opportunity in our weakness and strikes us when we are very vulnerable. How do we respond?
The temptations of Jesus for food, glory and wealth are the symbols of our own weaknesses. How many of us give in to temptations, when there is a slightest opportunity to boss over others? How often do we indulge ourselves with food, drinks, fancy clothes, etc., even though we know we have enough? How often we struggle to resist the temptation to take a bit more than what is our due? Jesus shows us his example today. Even though he was tempted in every way, he keeps God his focus. He uses the words from the scripture to defeat the temptation, even

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.158287
Retrieved Text: Noam Chomsky, a supposed US dissident, in fact, uses his influence amongst progressive people to convince them of ideas that serve the interest of the same US elites he purports to oppose. These include acceptance of the lone crazed gunman explanation of the JFK assassination and the dismissal of the overwhelming evidence pointing to senior figures within the administration of former US President George W Bush as the perpetrators of the 9/11 atrocity.
Bob Carr has proved himself capable of making very astute observations about the choices that we face as a nation, particularly in regard to population, ecology and ethics, but his policies as Premier of NSW far more often ran directly counter to those words.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.115106
Retrieved Text: Mrs. Charles Cowman Devotional - Streams in the Desert - Devotional for March 10.
"God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble" (Ps. 46:1).
The question often comes, "Why didn't He help me sooner?" It is not His order. He must first adjust you to the trouble and cause you to learn your lesson from it. His promise is, "I will be with him in trouble; I will deliver him and honor him." He must be with you in the trouble first all day and all night. Then He will take you out of it. This will not come till you have stopped being restless and fretful about it and become calm and quiet. Then He will say, "It is enough."
God uses trouble to teach His children precious lessons. They are intended to educate us. When their good work is done, a glorious recompense will come to us through them. There is a sweet joy and a real value in them. He does not regard them as difficulties but as opportunities. --Selected.
We once heard a simple old colored man say something that we have never forgotten: "When God tests you, it is a good time for you to test Him by putting His promises to the proof, and claiming from Him just as much as your trials have rendered necessary."

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.113135
Retrieved Text: This is another map that came out some time ago, but hasn't been reviewed yet. It's almost a bit of a lost gem. While I didn't much care for Speedy's Explore or Die, this is another experimental map that actually turned out very well. The concept is basically a map with no ammo, and traps. You have to lure monsters into traps to kill them; occasionally you can resort to using some of your shells or your axe (you seldom encounter monsters more than one at a time), but most of the time you have to use the traps. The traps become less and less easy to use over time; ramming a shambler into the ceiling when he can run out of the trap and into your face quite easily is one of the more interesting ones. There are also points where you can lower hapless monsters into lava - haha! Good thing Quake monsters are so dumb.
Visually the map is really good: it often uses Runic textures (with some modified ones) in unique ways, and the architectural patterns and lighting create a very distinct and very cool aesthetic. One of the better uses of the Runic set in recent times I'd say. Overall, the focus on traps, platforms, moving walkways and so forth makes this a really original map, one of the best experimental maps for sure.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.093529
Retrieved Text: He not only uses words and writes them, he mixes them and changes the narrative and lets them go wherever they may want.
it is lovely. and you should look too.
Its all about the little simple things that we often forget to use. like how we read and what words look like when they are put in a new space.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.087106
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Help Your Child Talk and Grow Smarter: this week's extract from the SpeechContacts Kindle and your chance to learn more about the way your child learns to talk.
This week's extract highlights some of the words and phrases you're likely to hear your child use when he's 1 - 3 years old. He's learning fast during these months. Remember that he has to hear your speech repeated many times before he uses any of these words or phrases himself.
The first words your child uses are labels for things. “Cup” “shoes” and “teddy” are simple labels called nouns and they represent the things he finds familiar.
During his second year, he uses quite a collection of single nouns, until by his second birthday he has as many as two hundred words in his vocabulary.
Single words are not the end of the story. We don't usually talk in single words. We use sentences. After a few months of naming things, your child moves on to putting 2 words together.
A 1 year old often uses groups of words, such as “up we go” or “here it is”. These, though useful, are not true 2 or 3 word phrases, because he’s learned them as though they were one word.
They only have one meaning. He uses them appropriately in one context, but doesn’t yet split the words up and use them in other phrases.
His big step forward comes when he start to say, “Teddy cup”, “Mummy cup”, “Daddy cup”; or tries “hat on”, “coat on”, and “shoes on”. These short phrases

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.085415
Retrieved Text: Abraham Lincoln was a man who kept his religious view very personal, but he often spoke of God as he led the country through one of its darkest times. During the Civil War, he was quoted as saying, “I have been driven many times to my knees, by the overwhelming conviction that I had nowhere else to go.” I believe God often uses imperfect people to make a difference when they seek His help. Today, President Trump prays for guidance as he also leads this nation through a difficult time. May God bless the United States of America.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.081679
Retrieved Text: Jerry Seinfeld was born “Jerome Allen Seinfeld” on April 29, 1954 in Massapequa, New York. He graduated in 1976 with a degree in Communications and Theater from Queens College, City University of New York. While attending college Seinfeld often frequented the open mics held at the Improv in New York City. He got his first sitcom role on the show, “Benson” in 1980 and a year later got his first appearance on “The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson”, which led to frequent future spots on the show and other late night shows. By the fall of 1987 he released his first one-hour special on HBO entitled, “Stand Up Confidential”. The next year he began work on the show, “Seinfeld” co-created with Larry David. By the show’s fourth season it became the most popular and successful sitcom in America and still has reruns on TV today. There are few things that Seinfeld hasn’t accomplished at this point in his career, but most recently he began producing and starring in the show “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee” and released a comedy special on Netflix in 2017 titled, “Jerry Before Seinfeld”.
In this episode, the Kaizen Crew deep-dive on how Jerry deconstructs the world around him in his bits. How he hones in on minute details and explores them in the most interesting and hilarious ways possible; from how kids and adults deal with boredom, to how Americans can never decide on whether they'd rather be going to or from somewhere. Jerry Seinfeld. He has a work ethic like no

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.0813055
Retrieved Text: PORTSMOUTH — It seems that no matter where you drive lately, you are likely to encounter a dead, squashed squirrel or skunk.
Why? Partly because it's approaching fall.
"Fall is the time you see a lot of squished things," said University of New Hampshire zoology professor Michelle Scott. "This is the time they disperse. As the baby animals mature, their parents kick them out. They are stupid, and they get squished."
John A. Litvaitis, professor of wildlife ecology at UNH's Department of Natural Resources, said the increase in flattened squirrels is an easy mystery to solve.
"I noticed we are having a very good hard mast year," he said, referring to a year of high seed production for oaks, hickories and other hardwood trees "Hickory nuts seem especially abundant, and these are a choice food for squirrels. Although the nuts are still maturing, squirrels often don't wait and will start clipping them from branches.
"Based on historic land uses, the largest and most productive trees are often along roadsides. As a result, squirrels are frequently crossing roads and often trying to feed on fallen nuts that are in the road."
Litvaitis said he can only guess at the reason for more dead skunks.
"Some of the fruits that skunks will take advantage of are ripening," such as blueberries and blackberries, he said. "Based on the droppings that are left by a neighborhood skunk that frequents my garage, I'd say he is into the berries.
"Skunks are also apt to eat a variety of insects, but I can't think of any insect that is becoming

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.07429
Retrieved Text: He is the shiftless leader of Odd Jobs Gin, with a high blood sugar level due to his enormous sweet tooth. His true identity is the samurai once feared as the "White Demon" during the Joi war, but nowadays he only uses wooden sword. He drives a scooter.
The second person to join Gintoki's business, she is a young alien girl who belongs to the Yato Clan, one of the strongest and most bloodthirsty of the Amanto races. She came to Earth to earn big money, but instead gets caught into a Yakuza business where she worked as a bodyguard virtually for free. She encounters Gintoki when she finally decides to run away, and ends up joining Odd Job Gin until she saves enough money to go home. Despite her cute looks, her comments are often very harsh.
He is from a samurai family that runs a dojo, only it is nearly closed down due to his father's death and the recent law to abandon all swords. Before meeting Gintoki, he worked at a restaurant, but he couldn't even manage a cash register. After Gintoki saved his sister from a loan shark, he decides to work for Odd Job Gin, in order to learn Gintoki's samurai spirit, but he soon regrets his decision. He is also the leader of Otsu's official fan club, an idol singer gaining much popularity recently.
She is a former elite kunoichi from the Oniwabanshuu, who now lives as an assassin targeting corrupt merchants et cetera. As a clumsy kunoichi, she often loses her glasses,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.063034
Retrieved Text: PRAYER PROMPT ••• The more I study who God is, the more I recognize His sense of irony.
When God wanted to lead His people out of Egypt, He didn’t use an established leader to rally the people, He used an 80-year old murderer with a speech impediment who had been living in exile.
When Goliath needed to be defeated, God didn’t use the strongest, most experienced soldier… He sent a teenage shepherd boy.
When God needed an evangelist who would be willing to spread the gospel to the Gentiles, He didn’t use someone who was already in a position to preach. Instead, He changed the heart of a man who had made a career out of torturing and killing Christians for the very thing he spent the rest of his life doing – preaching the love of Jesus!
God often works in opposites; in unexpected ways that go against what one would expect.
He takes the weakest and uses them, giving them His strength.
He takes the shy and unassuming and gives them His courage to share Jesus with others.
He gives extraordinary opportunities to ordinary people.
People like me and you.
Today, as you pray, ask God to show you His plan for you.
Ask Him to open your heart to accept what He is going to ask of you.
And ask Him to remind you that anything you accomplish, it’s through Him.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.056389
Retrieved Text: When Shahar Caspi moved from Israel to California eight years ago, he planned to open a vineyard. These days, he is growing produce as part of a community supported agriculture.
He is also using his lessons learned in Israel to help save on water and grow an eco-friendly farm even when California is in the middle of a terrible drought.
According to Caspi, in his native Israel, water conservation is a way of life.
In California, on the other hand, Caspi would often see farmers using massive amounts of water, even when the state had water shortages.
In fact, the first time Caspi saw a farmer flood his field to irrigate it, he was shocked that so much water would be wasted.
To help save on water usage, Caspi uses a drip irrigation system developed in Israel that uses far less water to keep plants healthy.
“I want to make only the very top soil wet, that’s it. Because most of the nutrients are at the very top soil,” he explained.
He also uses the plentiful organic material all around to help nourish the soil as well as his two special fertilizer factories, pigs he has named Ava and Adamo.
Although Caspi is proud of his organic farming techniques, he said his mother would not approve of his pig friends.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.042127
Retrieved Text: The child likes to play.it’s natural for him. He needs it to learn, explore and grow well. Although he does not always need toys to play, the child uses them very often to have fun.Among the multitude of toys available in stores, it is not always easy to make a choice. Here are the things to consider when buying a toy.
What are the criteria to consider when buying a toy?
Before buying a toy, it must be assessed whether it will be fun for the child according to his tastes and preferences. This criterion is very important, because the pleasure is essential to the game. Indeed, if the child has no pleasure with a toy, it will simply leave it aside. The Children edu toys are here now with the best information.
To avoid the risk of suffocation, strangulation and injury, some toys should be avoided before the age of 3, including those with small parts or long rope. To find out more about toy safety, check out our Toys sheet: to have fun safely.
To be interesting, the toy must represent a small challenge for the child, while remaining feasible. If the game is too easy, the toddler will find it boring. On the contrary, if the game is too complex, it can become a source of frustration, and the child may no longer use it, even when he has the necessary skills. Too advanced toy can also harm the esteem of self. Indeed, if he never succeeds in doing well, the toddler will see over time as

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.040733
Retrieved Text: Theo Niessink a.k.a. Tale is a singer-songwriter from The Netherlands. His music originates from a number of different styles, among them folk rock, Americana, Irish folk and blues. The songs he writes are very lyrics-oriented, and the music is often used to emphasize both the story and the character of the songs.
Theo has played in various local blues, rock and pop bands in the past ten years. The names and line-ups of these band changed constantly, and through the years he has played just as many different styles as instruments.
Currently the internet is the stage which Theo uses for his music, and this has resulted in the songs and CDs available through this website.
Click here for more about Tale/Theo Niessink on the web.
For more information and free downloads, please click on the title of a CD.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.021584
Retrieved Text: Dr. Berner is an Board Certified Orthospinologist. He conducts a thorough examination utilizing the latest technology, and addresses issues using very light force adjustments.
This approach uses an extremely precise 3 dimensional x-ray analysis to correct small misalignments of the first cervical vertebra, also known as the atlas.
These misalignments, also known as subluxations, can cause neurological interferences to the brainstem and spinal cord.
In addition, subluxations can often cause the body’s center of gravity to be off center, causing postural distortions that can affect the body globally and cause symptoms elsewhere.
Study’s have shown that palpating or simply “feeling” the spine are neither accurate nor valid when it comes to spinal motion.
Often times lower areas of the spine will become “locked” in a certain position. By using specific video x-ray analysis we can pinpoint the exact location of these locks and apply the proper adjustment to correct them.
This technology takes the guesswork out of evaluating the spinal motion. In addition, we utilize specific x-ray filters and techniques to decrease radiation exposure levels over 80% compared to plain film.
The best part is the patient can very clearly see when the spinal motion returns to normal. You can see these changes too! Check out these results.
Dr. Berner uses extremely light force adjustment with no cracking or popping of the spine. By directing a light force, down a specific vector, a mechanical advantage is gained by using the weight of the head to gain leverage.
It works in the same way that allows you to carry hundreds of pounds in a wheel barrel

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.003063
Retrieved Text: Tom Goes to the Mayor is an American adult animated series created by Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim for Cartoon Network's late night programming block, Adult Swim. It premiered on November 14, 2004 and ended on September 25, 2006 with a total of thirty episodes.
Tom Goes to the Mayor began as a web cartoon on timanderic.com. It was popular enough to get a web sequel, in which David Cross guest stars. Bob Odenkirk noticed the show's potential, and began producing it for Adult Swim.
Adult Swim has described Tom Goes to the Mayor as "one of the most polarizing shows" they have ever had, indicating that viewers "either love it or hate it."
The show centers on Tom Peters (Tim Heidecker) who has just moved to the town of Jefferton, an unpleasant rundown town filled with strip malls and buffets. Episodes usually focus on Tom going to the Mayor (Eric Wareheim) with various ideas for business and civic endeavors only for the Mayor to tweak Tom's ideas and cause them to backfire in horrible and destructive ways, leaving Tom to answer for them.
The show features a crude yet distinctive limited animation style made by taking photos of the cast with different facial expressions and body language. The photos are then filtered using the "photocopy" image filter in Adobe Photoshop, resulting in monochromatic blue and white images resembling Ditto machine copies. There are some live-action scenes, usually on a television set within the show.
Many characters, segments, and content from Tom Goes to the Mayor have resurfaced in Tim and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.996349
Retrieved Text: Name: Mujihi Naga Maō (無慈悲 永 魔王).
~Nicknames: Mujihi or Muji or even just Mu. He is also known to many in the Yakuza as Crusher.
Human Eye Color: What should be the white of his eyes are black and his eyes are white with a black pupil.
Figure: Tall, Slender, and Muscular.
Extra Details: All of the normal vampire traits. Like his younger brother, he can control things with his psychic powers, and has mind reading abilities as well. He can also fire energy out of the palms of his hands.. However, he cannot see the future. Muji's special power lies in the art of assassination. He can track his targets for days without ever tipping them off that he's there watching them. Once he's got his target in his sights, he uses his psychic powers to kill them, crushing their heart or any vital organs that they may have until they are dead or killing them with one deadly shot with the energy that he can fire from his hands. It isn't often that he uses his hands to kill any of his targets.
Personality: Ruthless is the best word to describe Muji. He is a cold man, and hardly as any emotion in him at all. He is easily angered and quickly turns hostile, but rarely ever kills anyone with his bare hands or even a weapon. If he uses his hands or a weapon, that means that someone made him mad enough to want to feel the satisfaction of killing them with his hands.
Something that many don't

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.984215
Retrieved Text: A wonderful article was waiting for me this morning. How God Uses Relationships to Make You Better, written by Daniel Darling, speaks about the Holy Spirit's involvement in the relationsips in our lives, the good, the bad and even the ugly. Below is a brief sampling; I hope you will be able to read the entire article for its rich insight into the ways of our God, how he sanctifies us through his favorite means: the relationship.
"...for the Christian, sanctification is not merely the process by which you become a nice, better person."
"Sanctification is something deeper, better, richer. The Bible asserts a bold idea that Christians--those who believe, know and follow Jesus Christ--have something deeper going onside them. They have God in them through the presence of the Holy Spirit... It's a spiritual thing. It's supernatural thing."
"Well, we know first of all that the agent of change is the Holy Spirit. And we know that He uses the Word of God to penetrate our hearts, cut us deep, and bring about change. The Word delivered, both in private reading and corporate preaching, brings about renewed thinking and renewed thinking brings about new behaviors, new loves, new affections."
"But there is another tool that we often overlook, a powerful factor in sanctification. We change through God-ordained, dynamic relationships."
"Every single relationship for a Christian is an opportunity for sanctification and growth."
God always knows what is best for us! He leads us to those people we are meant to know. Please read Daniel Darling's article at Cross Walk, for there

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.983516
Retrieved Text: Despite being members of the Royal family and having a nanny to give them a helping hand, it’s clear that Prince William and Kate are very hands-on parents.
And they have revealed a lot about their parenting style over the past few years, as we enjoy watching Prince George, four, and Princess Charlotte, two, grow up.
The couple have given us ordinary folk a few parenting tips we can all learn from, which they will definitely need come April, when it gets busier at Kensington Palace after they welcome their third child.
You may be pleased to hear that even Will and Kate resort to the use of technology to entertain their kiddies on occasion.
For example, during long trips, Prince William revealed he uses an iPad to keep them amused.
Currently George loves Peppa Pig, and is getting more and more excited about Fireman Sam, which means William has to as well.
The Prince told Radio1 that they often sit down as a family and watch kids’ programs.
“You have to pretend you’re really interested in it because George gets very upset if you're not showing due diligence to the characters,” he said.
But arts, culture and history also plays a large part in Kate and William’s upbringing of their children.
Kate has a degree in the history of art and likes spending time doing crafts with her children.
She also regularly takes them to the Natural History Museum, with George in particular visiting often.
“George loves three dimensional sculptures. He does come here quite often,” she said during a visit in July 2016.
Finally the parents

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.951914
Retrieved Text: These are the notes I gave Wonderskool when Jake began school. I just got a copy of proposed goals from the teacher this afternoon, and we will be working on them together tomorrow morning. I got teary when I read her goals for Jake. It is so very clear that they see him, really *see* him.
Jake is considered non-verbal, but speaks on occasion. When he does it is relevant, important, clear, and often funny. He has also spoken in Spanish.
He has sworn in frustration and noticed the rainy weather by saying “agua”. He has made commentary about a bad presentation “That’s stupid.” and expressed affection by saying “love”. He will say “uh-huh” and “no” at least once a day in response to something, and we have heard him say “Mom” more often in recent months. He signs “more” by using his left hand and tapping it against his side. He does not use any other typical signs.
He will often squint or twitch his eyes closed for a yes response, and when he is happy it is very clear by his utterances.
Jake comes with a diagnosis of CP, ataxia which basically means he sometimes looks like he walks like a drunk. When he is more tired his physical disability becomes more pronounced. When he was younger much attention was focused on his physical disability rather than any behavioral or academic issues because we all so desperately wanted him to walk, which he did just after his second birthday. He walked completely independently within that next year, and

================



======= Instance Index 27 =========
Input Text: Given that A: No, I don't either. B: Uh, I mean it's, you know it, A: I don't think it's going to change very much Therefore, it must be true that "it's going to change very much"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.990871
Retrieved Text: So hello again. You ready for more?
prices or they repeat setting prices or quantities forever.
recap, it's half the monopoly profit, that's what you get each period.
of this is going to be 1 divided by 1 minus p.
if the likelihood that the game goes on is very small.
On the other hand, if p is close to 1, this is going to be very close to zero.
overall payoff from cooperating will become very large.
that will play a role in determing if we want to coorporate or not.
So one thing that will play a role is the number of competitors.
countries that produce diamonds, and that may be part of this cartel.
monopoly profit that I get as a participant in this cartel gets smaller.
countries producing diamonds, then this number will be replaced by ten.
agreement, is going to be much smaller. And I'm less likely to cooperate, okay?
future. So how important do I value the future?
reflected by a decrease in the interest rate.
get today for one period, and that would give me a very high return.
almost worth as much to me as the payoff today.
payoffs tomorrow are almost the same size.
So this is going to change our payoffs from cooperating.
And it's going to change it by adding this additional formula.
this is going to be close to 1, this here is going to be close to zero.
it more likely that I'm going to cooperate.
Another possible influencing factor is the degree of punishment.
Remember what we played before?
more. It's a very harsh punishment.
that we punish the other player, the player that didn't cooperate.
So the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.943083
Retrieved Text: I made this for SIH, it's a replica of the one that she has in her r/l home. She was going to release it, but obviously didn't!
That wall unit is quite impressive Thanks, Pas!
Wow, that's just fantasitic, I really love it.
This is beautiful Pas Thank you so much.
This looks really nice...I also like the fact that you can change the arrangement of the shelves, and it's always nice to have recolors included. Thanks so much!
It is very pretty really impressive!
Fantastic set! Thank you for sharing with us!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.84466
Retrieved Text: Running through the Storms: Spring Forward!
Spring Forward messes with my internal clock, how about you? I'm dragging to get up and my eyes are so tired. I apologized for the lack of blogging lately.
It's hard when you're going through difficult circumstances. My father-in-law has been in the hospital for a leaky heart valve, this is now the third time. He has had it repaired twice.
We are waiting to see what the doctors are going to do. It's a bit overwhelming as my sister-in-law is getting married in May. Having a surgery before May would mean that he would loved to be recovered by then and waiting till May would mean he would feel awful until then.
If that isn't bad enough, my grandma has been in the hospital at the same time with congestive heart failure and is having a very difficult time breathing.
She's very dear to me and my only Grandma left.
It's been busy running between two different hospitals on two ends of the town.
I feel like I have so much to catch you guys up on, but for now this is just a life update. I'm not liking this time change one bit!
Q: How are you adjusting to the time change?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.844364
Retrieved Text: Now you can see this is what we call sensitivity analysis.
L and the balance sheets change.
Now, instead of changing margin, we change OPEX.
Gross margin stays the same, but OPEX changes.
I'm going to show you exactly the same Opex was 19% of sales if you remember?
the bank mark situation, what happens if Opex go down to 17%?
we are in a very much better situation.
to an increase in the margin as we saw before.
Higher ROS, lower line of credit, NFO constant and working capital much bigger.
something that would drive OPEX up.
very well, a change of 1-2% in the OPEX drives our results to almost zero.
Margin OPEX, what happens if interest rates go up?
This is very interesting, we haven't talked much about that.
We have taken for granted that the bank ask for 6%.
6% it's okay, but imagine that we are on the situation of more uncertainty.
you are aware, they tend to charged higher interest rates, 10, 15, 20, 25%, right?
So, what would happen if we are charged a lower interest rate?
Well, if with 6% you see the line of financial results that is 35, 41, 48.
If we are charged 3%, that line is going to be much lower.
have better working capital and lower need of credit.
credit goes up precisely because you have to pay even with the credit the interests.
profit in the company, you're taking the profit away to give out as dividends.
So, its clear that with a dividend policy of zero percent.
You'll reinvest all the profits.
grow that fast, and then working capital stays a little lower.
then actually the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.751646
Retrieved Text: I don't know if you were going for this but it sounded like the beginning of a movie or video game when a big adventure is about to start. The EQ sounds very well done, you can hear everything when you're supposed to and there's a good use of dynamics. The only thing I can really criticize was that the melody didn't really change much, but even that's not a bad thing. Very nicely done.
At first it sounded mainly bitter and sad but when the triumphant trumpets came in. It was good but I don't feel it did much musically if you know what I mean, just kinda stayed in the same key and the feel of the song didn't change much. And I know it's not your fault but the instruments sounded kinda too midi for me.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.592089
Retrieved Text: It's not clear to me what you're proposing to write about. Your title and some of the post make it sound like you're talking about migrating from a Samba NT domain to a Samba AD domain, but you also mention preserving NT compatibility in Win10 clients. So it's not clear if you mean migrating from Samba 3 to a Samba 4 AD domain, or running Samba 4 for non-AD clients or what.
If it's going to take half-a-year to write this, how much is going to change in the meantime. Samba 4 is a very active project, with lots of new enhancements coming all the time.
As much as I trust ServerFault, when I was working with Samba 4 I learned that the most reliable (and almost the only truly trustworthy) source of information was the Samba.org documentation. There were (and, I assume, still are) lots of "how to set up Samba" tutorials on the web, and most of them were flawed - either not up-to-date, or with subtle errors, or with not-so-subtle errors.
At the very least, anything posted here should have references to the official Samba documentation to back up any recommendations.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.561989
Retrieved Text: C270 is a HD webcam. What sort of picture quality do you have it set for? You're only going to be able to use the low res settings due to your PC being very old and low spec.
I have no idea how to change the resolution on it. If you know can you please tell me how to change it? If anything helps, I have an ATI Radeon 9250 AGP Slot, set at 1600x1200 16 bit. Only because i have a 24inch monitor and it seems huge with smaller resolutions. Any ideas on how to change the resolution on the webcam?
No idea, I'd suggest reading the manual.
You're also going to suffer problems trying to drive a screen at that resolution with such a low spec video card and I'd take a stab and say any video (such as YouTube etc) is also probably unusable also.
The reality is a 10yr old PC will be very slow trying to run lots of modern apps.
It seems to run everything fine currently, it's still relatively quick for it's age though. I can't find any way to find the resolution to vhange it etc. Even in the manual. I've decided i am going to ring Global pc chch, and have a talk to them and see if i can get a downgraded camera and see where that gets me. HD is obviously too much for this pc, never though of that at the time of getting the Webcam. I will post again and say what happens.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.410925
Retrieved Text: 2018 Revealed Just How Ill-Prepared We Are For Climate Change Somini Sengupta, international climate reporter for The New York Times, discusses the dire consequences of rising temperatures, such as drought, famine, disease, war and increased migration.
Somini Sengupta, international climate reporter for The New York Times, discusses the dire consequences of rising temperatures, such as drought, famine, disease, war and increased migration.
This is FRESH AIR. I'm Terry Gross. This summer of fire and swelter looks a lot like the future that scientists have been warning about in the era of climate change, and it's revealing in real time how unprepared much of the world remains for life on a hotter planet. That's what my guest Somini Sengupta wrote last week in her front-page New York Times article. Sengupta is the Times' international climate reporter, covering communities and landscapes most vulnerable to the effects of climate change, and that includes places in Africa, South Asia and Europe.
One of the places she recently wrote about is the city of her birth, Kolkata, formerly called Calcutta, which she says is becoming a climate casualty. She left India with her family when she was 8 and emigrated first to Canada, then to the U.S. She returned to India to serve as The New York Times New Delhi bureau chief from 2005 to 2009. She's also been the Times bureau chief in West Africa and covered the U.S. invasion of Iraq and the war in Syria. In 2016, Sengupta wrote a book called "The End Of Karma" about the exploding youth population

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.383036
Retrieved Text: HELENA, Mont. – Fire won't be the only natural disaster to rip through Montana forests this year.
Another disaster will be using its teeth.
Bark beetles have long been a nuisance for wooded areas of the West, and scientists say climate change is making the land more susceptible to the beetles’ wrath.
Last year, outbreaks devastated nearly 50,000 acres of Treasure State forestland. Since 2000, the beetles have ravaged an area roughly the size of Utah, just in the western states.
Diana Six, a professor of forest entomology and pathology at the University of Montana, says the beetles' steady northward move in recent decades isn't normal.
"It's moving into places where it never was before, and that's all directly related to an increase in temperature,” she states. “Southern pine beetle is moving north. Larch beetle is moving. So, there's every indication that this is not just the normal kind of outbreak behavior. It's very much climate driven."
Six says bark beetles are very sensitive to the environment and that their migration northward is as reliable an indicator of climate change as any other signs or symptoms. She also notes that bark beetles are overrunning forests not just in the West, but around the world.
Six says people rely on forests, perhaps even more than they realize. Forests hold water supplies, clean the air, perform carbon sequestration and maintain biodiversity.
"And economics,” she adds. “I mean, wood products, recreation. Here in Montana, tourism is our number one economic engine.
“So, they're really important and, with more and more threats to the forests, we're going to have

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.353106
Retrieved Text: >> Let me introduce Marlon.
>> Marlon Aguilar, who is one of the people who makes this possible.
or a perceptual feature, let's put it that way.
>> Do you feel these two?
>> Okay, I'm taking them away.
onto your hands, whether I've changed with our added to either one of them okay.
So get that in your memory.
>> And you're closing your eyes, right?
Did I add weight to either one?
>> You added weight to the right side.
Okay we're going to play our little game again.
>> Lets remember what these two feel like.
>> All right and now I'm going to put them back.
Now did either one of them change weight?
And in fact, one did change weight.
The one in his right hand, you can open your eyes now.
>> Has a, has a dime on it.
Is he going to feel the dime when he's holding a book?
No, not going to happen.
Thank you very much Marlon.
>> We are now going to explain this.
[SOUND] Why, why doesn't that happen?
Because we don't, we don't perceive.
The magnitude of a stimulus accurately.
a stimulus in relationship to the background.
to the change in stimulus intensity.
It's proportional to the change in stimulus intensity.
Divided by the background stimulus intensity.
So, in the first situation we were somewhere up here.
Marlin could tell, that this, two books was, was more than one book.
added a dime, and that didn't take us very far.
He can't tell that this, these are different.
lot of familiarity with in this is looking at a screen.
So this goes to the whole war between the backlit and, the non-backlit screens.
Well, there's not, one

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.315933
Retrieved Text: Season 1 of Netflix's BoJack Horseman was a gloriously absurd, funny, occasionally heartbreaking mishmash that ended with its titular horseman (Will Arnett) hitting bottom before finally getting another chance at lasting fame in his dream project, Secretariat. Season 2—which will drop all 12 episodes in the wee hours of Friday, July 17—is promising a brand-new BoJack determined to nail his role as idol Secretariat and navigate an actual adult relationship with an owl named Wanda (Lisa Kudrow). We talked to creator Raphael Bob-Waksberg about what else (Character Actress Margo Martindale) the new season might bring (Tom Jumbo-Grumbo).
BoJack was very much the focus of Season 1. Are you planning on spreading out some of the story?
That was something we discovered in Season 1, actually, was how rewarding it is to really explore these other characters. So going into Season 2, we thought, "We've earned it, let's give all the characters a real arc this season, and not just play their parts in The BoJack Horseman Story." It really opened up the world in a cool way, to say, "What is Todd thinking when BoJack's not around?"
RELATED: All the hidden jokes from Bojack Horseman Season 2: Episodes 1-3, Episodes 4-6, Episodes 7-9 and Episodes 10-12.
You have a lot of these fun little runners, like Mr. Peanutbutter greeting the perpetually off-screen Erica. Are we ever going to see her?
[Laughs] She's our Maris! You'll see this a lot in the show. I just love the idea that every character on the show has their own little world, with characters we

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.297123
Retrieved Text: Has anyone ever encountered this. (see the pic) Why does having volume enabled change the render of the ground so much?
I think it's because volumetrics occlude ambient occlusion and radiosity. It's hard to tell what's going on without a scene though.
Thanks for that I tried it radiosity off and it's still happening. I wish I could upload the scene but I can't I'll see if I can get a test scene together.
Ahwt about the Occlusion node? Are you using that at all?
No occlusion. It's a very basic scene I'll have to figure it out when I get time. I also noticed some strangeness with lens flares and the advanced camera. OS I've got more investigating to do.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.190308
Retrieved Text: It isn't much compared to some of the things I've seen done with Horde, but a couple of my friends and I are working on a video game we intend to use in the Iowa FBLA "Computer Game and Simulation Programming" competition. I figured that I would post some videos here in case someone was interested.
The game went through a major change last week (hence the unrelated project name), so I'm going to not post the first development video.
CR Noir isn't going to be much like Stunts as it's supposed to teach "training or skill development for financial literacy." Not very exciting, but doing a remake of Stunts after this is over seems like it would be fun.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.139093
Retrieved Text: It's always a bit of a shock when an artist makes a change. We've not heard very much from James Yuill in the three years since he released the excellent Movement in a Storm, though there are people who will be more clued-in on what he's been up to than most. He used PledgeMusic to fund his new record, for which he's deciding to go it alone and release on his own label, going back to where it all started eight years ago.
It's always a bit of a shock when an artist makes a change. We've not heard very much from James Yuill in the three years since he released the excellent Movement in a Storm, though there are people who will be more clued-in on what he's been up to than most. He used PledgeMusic to fund his new record, for which he's deciding to go it alone and release on his own label, going back to where it all started eight years ago. The Happy Biscuit Club put out his first two albums, The Vanilla Disc and Turning Down Water For Air, the latter of which was reissued by Moshi Moshi in 2009. He's gone back to his roots in a way, but the new record marks a change in sound for Yuill, as he's moved from folktronica (a rather loose term in itself) to straight-up pop. He's not exactly been quiet about his love of iy, but it's coming through in his music more clearly than ever before.
These Spirits is an album of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.100565
Retrieved Text: If there is going to be enough support for the bill, it will be a very gradual implementation as we move toward changing to wind and solar and other kinds of energy. I'm going to be one of those trying to craft it in a way that is very gradual, that is not going to hurt a state like Missouri that is so coal dependent.
We need to be a leader in the world but we don't want to be a sucker. And if we go too far with this, all we're going to do is chase more jobs to China and India, where they've been putting up coal-fired plants every 10 minutes.
She added that she'd like to see a decade-long transition in Missouri to carbon capture and storage for all its coal usage.
Apparently McCaskill hasn't been paying attention to statements from India and China that unless the United States and the rest of the wealthy nations of the world make much stronger climate change commitments that a strong international climate change agreement is unlikely to happen.
The last thing we need (and we meaning the world) is a go slow approach on climate change legislation. In fact, it's that go slow approach which will we result in much greater economic harm in the long run than any short-term pain Missouri might face in a quick-as-possible transition away from coal.
Is the Climate Bill Really a Step Forward or Merely Marching in Place?
You know how I said a few days ago that not every state in the US was

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.898586
Retrieved Text: Energy diagrams depict the reaction progress versus energy. For exothermic reactions, the reactants are drawn above the products because their energy is greater. However, for endothermic reactions, the reactants are drawn below the products. Catalysts lower activation energy, so they decrease the size of the hump within the diagram itself.
Alright so there's a lot of changes in energy that takes place within a reaction, and sometimes Chemists talk about it via number and words but sometimes it's actually easier to illustrate it using graph and pictures. So we're going to talk about energy diagrams and this is actually what an energy diagram looks like so on the y axis we have energy and on the x axis we're going to talk about reaction progress or the time going from reactants to products. So in this particular reaction, this reaction is unique. In this reaction the reactants are pretty high in energy they're, it's seems like they're pretty unstable they have high energy content. So as reactants are going to proceed to the products they're going to have to increase in energy to get to the activated complex, don't forget the activated complex is the transition state of the change between the reactants to products, is that in between stage or the transition stage. So they're actually very unstable and high in energy, so we're going to have to get some energy to get there we're going to call that the activation energy or e sub a. So we're going to get that energy and we're going

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.862842
Retrieved Text: The familiar can feel good - especially with so much uncertainty when we turn on the news. But it doesn't uplift us, challenge us, or inspire anew as truly original work can.
For people worried about the Great Recession and the uncertainty of what is coming next, the characters of 'Mad Men' are good company.
From an early age I was very, very fascinated by uncertainty.
Journalism isn't about how smart you are. It's not about where you're from. It's not about who you know or how clever your questions are. And thank God for that. It's about your ability to embrace change and uncertainty. It's about being fearless personally and professionally.
After engaging in acts of war against another nation, there exists a degree of uncertainty in terms of the enemy's reactions. War inspires an unpredictable psychology and evokes strong emotions that defy systems analysis quantification.
'Never Have Your Dog Stuffed' is really advice to myself, a reminder to myself not to avoid change or uncertainty, but to go with it, to surf into change.
Uncertainty is killing this economy.
Most business people today are not going to invest in the uncertainty that exists in America.
Uncertainty is bad for business.
Post-military service can be a period of anxiety and uncertainty. So many men and women return and ask themselves: what now? The Labor Department is here to help answer that question with an array of programs designed to clear pathways into the middle class.
No one has any idea what's next... the uncertainty of the business climate in America is frightening, frightening to everybody,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.833807
Retrieved Text: I'm flattered that you would be "anxiously awaiting" to hear from me. I haven't dropped off the edge of the earth or anything that drastic. My writing pattern has just been thrown off by a combination of school and a change in living arrangements (my computer's not right by my bed anymore). I find that I haven't been spending nearly as much time online at home as I used to, which is both good and bad. Good because it means that maybe (not very likely, but maybe) I'm working on something more productive. Bad because I don't write as much.
Basically, I've just been going about daily life. Nothing especially exciting. I survived my first two exams. One of them I was really worried about, but when I got into the testing center everything just fit. It took a long time for it to fit (I was in there for two full hours, and the teacher estimated it would take us 1-1.5 hours), but I got an 87 with the class high in the low 90's. I still don't like that class very much, I constantly struggle to make myself do the work, so I don't think I'm going to get a very high grade in it. I love my programming class. We just took the midterm on thursday (I don't know exactly how I did, but it felt reasonably ok), and before the test everybody was gathering around asking me questions. The class still takes a long time to complete the programming assignments, but it's time

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.828639
Retrieved Text: This essay, The Only Way Out Is Through, is the companion piece to To There Through Here: Heaven Via Dallas.
I am indebted to Mike McConnell who inspired this conversation.
When I first discovered it, when I first got the full implication of it in Werner's Be Here Now seminar, it was so not instinctive, it was so counterintuitive to everything I knew and had learned that I really had no way to hold it - that is (said with rigor) I had no context for it. Then once I'd tried it on for size, once I'd tested it over time in different situations and circumstances and experienced its awesome power, I noticed I have a tendency (it's a real danger in fact) to make a rule out of it, to apply it always in all situations and in all circumstances.
Now I can tell it was never intended as a blanket panacea for anything and everything which I don't like in my life. Rather it's a shrewd approach grounded in Zen which when deployed in an appropriate situation works so dramatically it leaves me with a chagrined "Why didn't I think of doing this before?" or with the more pointed "Laurence what took you so long?". At best it's an appropriate tool in my toolbox which fits well with certain jobs. I've learned it's best not to use a hammer to loosen bolts. I've learned it's best not to use a sander to tighten a screw. Similarly, this tool works when it's the appropriate tool for the job.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.80752
Retrieved Text: there is a parameter to change the number of best cps shown in the xml file, is that help you?
afisse wrote: is that help you?
an how many display fields you wanna have? if one track have eg 21 cp's i have 3 lines already, with even only ONE position of cp times.
Ok i understand what you mean, i can do it for sure, and add a xml parameter for that.
But on my server is not more than 5-6 cp on tracks. So it would be very nice to have this feature as a option in settings file.
I modified your plug-in in order to display bestcps on several lines.
Last edited by ©H®IS on 09 Nov 2009 06:46, edited 4 times in total.
©H®IS wrote: I modified your plug-in in order to display bestcps on several lines.
hello, im asking again, is there a way to make that widgets little bit bigger? It's complicated? Can somebody help me with this please? Thanks very much..
1337180 wrote: hello, im asking again, is there a way to make that widgets little bit bigger? It's complicated? Can somebody help me with this please? Thanks very much..
A few things though, is it possible to not display it during score panel cos it gets in the way of other things then !
I found these lines and edited them to make my display bigger, but the result was just making the background bigger - I even tried setting the time and nickname to the same size as background, but it won't change !! wots up ? I'm

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.758069
Retrieved Text: I'm going to do something that scares the hell out of me. I'm going to share something very personal. Something that took me hours of reflection to create. Something I hesitate to share with friends and family. I'm going to share my new year’s resolution.
To be clear, you shouldn't care about my new year’s resolution. Sure, it's deeply personal so may be interesting in much the same way secrets and rumors are interesting. But beyond that, it's not the resolution that's important; it's the process by which this resolution is created that will affect your year for the better.
Every successful entrepreneur I know is out there working hard, working long, and trying to work smart. They are thinking and creating and building. They are searching for a meaningful solution to their customer’s problems and purpose in their lives. Every entrepreneur I know has goals, lists, objectives, and to-do’s. But not many have created a yearly resolution for their business. Not one like this at least.
The new year’s resolution I'm recommending isn't your typical one. It's less of a goal and more of a statement... a guide of sorts. A word or two to live by. Something that, if you get it right, will change yourself and your business for the better in the coming 365 days.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.750802
Retrieved Text: Rabbi Manis Friedman is a world-renowned author, counselor, lecturer and philosopher. Rabbi Friedman uses ancient wisdom and modern wit as he captivates audiences around the country and the world. Over 150,000 copies of his provocative yet entertaining recordings have been sold.
Rabbi Friedman’s first book, Doesn’t Anyone Blush Anymore? published by Harper San Francisco in 1990, was widely praised and is currently in its fourth printing. Rabbi Friedman is a noted Biblical scholar, recognized for his sagacious grasp of Jewish mysticism and a professionally ranked member of the National Speakers Association. Rabbi Friedman has recently released a new book titled The Joy of Intimacy.
Professor Dr. Hugblokuv, University of Western Ontario, London, Canada.
Emotions are a direct outgrowth of your intelligence. The way you think is the way you feel. The way you understand is the way you emote.
If you have a very quick mind, you're going to have very high energy emotions. You're going to be quick in your emotional responses just as your mind is quick in the pickup. If you're slow and thorough in your thinking, your emotions will also be a little more sluggish, a little more patient, a little more thorough.
If you get a lot of pleasure from learning, from understanding, from using your mind, you will have more pleasure in your emotions. So it's a direct relection of what's going on in the brain.
That's why if you want to improve your emotions, don't sit there trying to change your heart, change the input in your brain and you'll get a different output in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.744889
Retrieved Text: This thread is such a great idea, since there are so many Avril fans out there who are fans of The Pretty Reckless as well and now there's finally a place to discuss solely about The Pretty Reckless, their music, discography and so on.
"Take Me Down" is very good. Clearly not something I was expecting from them (was expecting a heavier lead single for this record, something like "Going To Hell" for some reason), but I have to say that either way it's totally awesome. I'd like it to have a little bit more guitar in it, to be a little bit more heavy. But still, I'm incredibly satisfied with the result. It's a very catchy song and it has some kind of carefree vibe about it that I really love. Can't wait to see what this album - that they are going to release - will sound like. I'm pretty curious for this record.
"Take Me Down" is very good. Clearly not something I was expecting from them (was expecting a heavier lead single for this record, something like "Going To Hell" for some reason), but I have to say that either way it's totally awesome. I'd like it to have a little bit more guitar in it, to be a little bit more heavy. But still, I'm incredibly satisfied with the result. It's a very catchy song and it has some kind of carefree vibe about it that I really love. Can't wait to see what the this album - that they are going to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.714878
Retrieved Text: There are numerous people who are thinking that PPC advertising is a very hard the process. The truth is it's not as complicated as you think. You simply have to take note of these 5 sure-fire ways in how you can publish your PPC ads.
The first thing that you need to keep in mind is the nature of your ads. PPC ads, by nature, are just small, so you can assume that you are very much limited when it comes to your number of words. That's why you should be conscious of every word that you are going to utilize. Each should create an impact to your target customers.
Another component of PPC publishing to consider is the ad placement. It is always best to think of locations that will make them far more conspicuous to Internet users. However, since there are factors that can affect your placement, you may have to read the conditions first as stated by your chosen search engine.
It's also very much advisable to settle for ads that are current. This is to coincide that you are going to make with your website, most especially to your landing page. It is also suggested that you change your ads once in a while. Those who are keeping a close eye on yours would definitely like to be treated with something new.
Because keywords play an integral role when it comes to PPC, you should consider valuable time in judging the words or phrases that you are going to use of your ads. You can make

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.666022
Retrieved Text: Further explanations at the post in my blog.
All the details and options are explained in the included install doc.
Very nice plugin. Useful for many purposes.
Note that if you destroy the editor, then due to the 100ms delay, this callback gets called but there is no editor!
5. modify this plugin (onchange) to modify the destruction mechanism to cancel pending callbacks and call the callback directly before proceeding with the destruction, perhaps with some clear signal that this is the final callback.
(3) and (4) assume you have control over all ways the editor might be destroyed, which in the general case (like in the presence of arbitrary other plugins) won't be true.
(5) would seem to be the best, but I don't know a good way to hook into the destruction.
I think that you have to be very fast in order to perform a change in the content and then destroy the editor before the 100ms timeout, but it's easy to protect that.
is enough to prevent firing the event after the editor has been destroyed.
If you want to do something else, then you just have to listen for that same event; I don't think that it's good to fire any extra events while the editor is being destroyed because otherwise some code might attempt to do things without realizing that the instance will go away.
I'm gonna update now the plugin to include this patch.
That's much easier than I imagined!
I agree that there's no need for onchange to notify about destruction, since (as you show) it's so easy to do

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.663801
Retrieved Text: Here's a valuable and comprehensive review on one of the most glaring pieces of evidence for why drug discovery is so hard - the fact that very small structural changes in molecules can lead to drastic changes in their biological activity.
I particularly like this review because it's absolutely chock-full of examples of small structural changes which not only impact the magnitude of binding of a small molecule to a receptor protein but invert it - that is, change an agonist into an antagonist. And the receptor family in this case is GPCRs, so it's not like we're talking about a minor rash of examples in a scientifically insignificant and financially paltry domain.
Here's one of my favorite examples from the dozens showcased in the piece; in this case a set of small molecules targeting the nociceptin receptor which is being studied as a potential target in treating heart failure and depression.
At first sight it's compelling how such similar groups as a cyclooctyl, a cyclooctyl-methyl and a phenyl can lead to complete inversion of activity, from 200 nM agonism to 1.5 nM antagonism. Thinking in 3D however makes the observation a bit more comprehensible. The N-cyclooctyl on the right is going to have a very well-defined conformational preference - pointing pretty much straight in one direction. The cyclooctyl-methyl on the other hand is going to have much more conformational freedom. It's also going to occupy much more space than the phenyl group on the right.
Here's a more diabolical example that would have been even harder to predict. In

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.648706
Retrieved Text: TeenHelp Mind and Body Depression and Suicide Triggering (Suicide): Why should I go on living?
My name is Nick, I am 23 y.o. living in Russia. I have a decent job, heavy workload but it pays off. I rent an apartment and I eat healthily, travel a lot and so on. Sounds like my life is normal but it's not true. Nobody knows I am constantly nervous, although I seem to be very confident and nobody knows I am gay. I realised it about 6 years ago and I still can't accept myself. No one will understand and it's huge shame in Russia, I might lose my job and people I know will turn their backs on me.
I don't have many friends, I have just one friend but I can't share lots of things with my friend. My parents want me to get a girl, get married and have kids and I feel like I disappointed and failed them. I will never be able to let them know as it's like a crime and death in their minds. My father hates such people.
I tried to commit suicide 2 or 3 times but I failed to do it. Now I am thinking everyone has goals in life, they motivate them. I used to have goals in life but I did not think it would be that much difficult to live. I don't see any points to live longer as I'm stuck at the dead - end job, no one cares about me (my friend and family probably do

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.643431
Retrieved Text: When I first launched Readability-Score.com, many years ago, I picked a domain name which described exactly what the site actually did. It measured the readability of text - nothing more, nothing less.
But that was then. And things change. The site now offers much, much more. The core offering is still readability scoring, but it's paired with highlighting of issues, URL and File processing, and an API. It's not as simple as it once was.
And worse than that, it's become clear that our domain is, ironically, not very readable. It's got a hyphen, and I didn't buy the unhyphenated version. It's far too long. It's tough to remember. It's tough to type. The more time that passes, the more we become tied to it, and it's a problem we definitely have to solve, eventually.
So, after a few months of preparation, it's time to get on with the scary job of solving that problem. I think it's better to just get it over with and deal with the fallout now, which I'm not reliant on the income from the site and while it's still quite young (since becoming a real product, at least).
So it gives my great pleasure to announce that Readability-Score.com will now be ... readable.io!
I spent some time contacting users and ran some polls, and we had a few nice names to choose from. Ultimately, we chose the simplest name we could find, and the one that represents us best.
The .io name is an unusual one, but well know in techy circles, and due to its

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.643338
Retrieved Text: So it's been a little over a week since our launch and I am so grateful for such a successful night. I had invited a few friends (who invited a few friends) to come over for dinner as a mini launch party type of thing. They surprised me with lots of food and champagne and flowers and it was so much more than I thought would happen! I was honestly so nervous the entire night and so relieved everything went well. ANYWAY, thank you. I'm working on more dolls and a new illustration to release before we leave on a magical vacation at the end of the month. I'm pretty excited about both!
Hello! Welcome to Dancey Pants Disco. I'm going to keep this short, but I wanted to welcome everyone to my new space and I hope you all love it very much! As much as I loved my old site, I felt very limited when it came to customizations because I'm clueless when it comes to HTML. Since I was young, I've thrived on change. I'd rearrange my entire bedroom every month and honestly, I still feel very much the same. Through Squarespace, I'll be able to customize my site to suit my needs as they change and still offer a shop and portfolio space. SO! Thank you for joining me here and I am so happy to share this space with you.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.630647
Retrieved Text: We absolutely adore Sydney Ness, LA Model, so we just had to sit down with her to dig a little deeper into her thoughts on body positivity and her journey with it.
Body positivity means not only accepting the body you were so blessed to have, but also people around you. Not judging others for being "too small" or "too big". Just recognizing beauty comes in all shapes and sizes.
Have there been times in your life when you've struggled with your body image? If so, how did you overcome this?
Absolutely! I think it's very normal to feel insecure about your body at times. It took me a very long time to be grateful for the body that I have.
A few years ago I struggled with my eating in a very negative way. At first I honestly didn't realize I wasn't eating. I was going through an extremely stressful time in my life and always felt sick to my stomach and didn't feel like eating. I started to lose some weight and people started to take notice. Boys I used to have crushes on in high school were telling me how great I looked now that I was losing weight.
There was so much going on in my life that I had absolutely no control of and I realized I could control that I didn't eat so I could continue to get the positive response from people around me. I went down a very dark path for almost a year with my eating. I couldn't work out anymore because

================



======= Instance Index 39 =========
Input Text: Given that A: Well, actually, uh, A: I don't think I'm in the, uh, majority in Texas Therefore, it must be true that "she is in the majority in Texas"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.046118
Retrieved Text: Maggie Madole is a Texas raised, Massachusetts based artist. She has lived the majority of her life in houses on dirt roads, surrounded by open fields, exploring the wilderness around her with dogs. In 2009 she received her BFA in Studio Art from the University of Texas at Austin.
Her work is influenced by the way the changing seasons shape the landscape and by how our natural surroundings shape our sense of home.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.261086
Retrieved Text: It’s been 18 years since Texas has had a day without a traffic fatality somewhere in the state.
The last day without a traffic fatality anywhere in Texas was November 7, 2000.
Statistics show that in 2017, over 3,700 people were killed on Texas roads. In Houston alone, 242 people were killed. George said that far outpaces other Texas cities.
“They are crashes that are the result of drunk driving, distracted driving, speeding,” added George.
And while impaired driving continues to be the leading cause of fatal crashes in Texas, George said other careless actions are also to blame.
George said TxDOT is continuing to look for ways to build safer roads that can correct for driver error. But she adds the vast majority of crashes could be prevented if drivers just made better choices.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.22737
Retrieved Text: CORPUS CHRISTI, Texas (CN) – There are only two Latinos out of 18 judges on Texas’ highest courts, and a federal trial that started Monday will examine voters’ claims that the state’s electoral system for these courts dilutes the Latino vote.
La Union Del Pueblo Entero, or LUPE, a nonprofit founded by the late migrant-rights activist Cesar Chavez, claims the election system for the Texas Supreme Court and Texas Court of Criminal Appeals is rigged against Latinos.
Joined by seven Latino Texans, LUPE sued Texas in July 2016, alleging the state’s at-large system for electing judges for these courts dilutes the Latino vote in violation of the Voting Rights Act. LUPE is represented by the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, a nonpartisan Washington, D.C. nonprofit, and Texas RioGrande Legal Aid.
LUPE overcame Texas’ arguments that it lacks standing by citing some startling statistics about the history of Hispanic judges on the courts.
Each of the appellate courts has just one Hispanic judge, both Republican women. Judges on the courts serve staggered six-year terms.
Texas Supreme Court Judge Eva Guzman’s term ends in 2022, while Court of Criminal Appeals Judge Elsa Alcala’s term expires this year and she has decided not to run for re-election.
The advocacy group suggests a solution in the complaint: carving out at least two single-member districts in the Hispanic-majority regions of South and West Texas.
But Texas argues that its statewide judicial elections are being decided along partisan political lines, not racial lines.
Republicans dominate elections in Texas, perhaps more so than in any other U.S. state. Democrats

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.08372
Retrieved Text: Republican Ted Cruz won the Texas Senate seat, but his close race with Democrat Beto O'Rourke and Democratic wins for House seats showed that Texas may not be as solidly red as it was in the past.
It’s time for the week that was in Texas Politics with Alana Rocha, reporter for The Texas Tribune.
At the end of the midterm elections on Tuesday, the Texas Observer reported that Texas is now a purple state, and Rocha agrees.
As for Beto O’Rourke’s bid for Senate, Rocha says it was “close, but no cigar.” That’s partly because support from President Donald Trump at a rally this fall helped energize Ted Cruz voters. Still, she says there were definitely surprises across the state in which voting outcomes bucked tradition.
“We have done a lot of reporting since Tuesday on just how Dallas County, you know, the suburbs up there, were gerrymandered to vote Republican, and they went decidedly blue,” Rocha says.
And in statewide judicial races, Rocha says appeals courts are now led by a majority of Democratic judges.
“They flipped – seven of the state’s appeals courts are now a Democratic majority. Before, they only had seats on three of the 14, so that’s a huge takeaway from Tuesday, and yeah, you can credit O’Rourke for a lot of that,” Rocha says.
Voter-turnout was high, particularly in Democratic areas like Harris county where it was 51 percent. Rocha says it’s unclear, though, whether high turnout among Democrats will happen in future elections.
“It’s up to the state Democrats to foster and nurture these voters, and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.966183
Retrieved Text: AUSTIN, Texas — Tom DeLay’s legal saga will have at least one more chapter.
The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals on Wednesday agreed to hear the money-laundering and conspiracy charges that ended the political career of former U.S. House Majority Leader Tom "The Hammer" DeLay eight years ago.
Last fall, the 3rd Court of Appeals in Austin dismissed DeLay’s conviction and three-year prison sentence, saying prosecutors used "legally insufficient evidence" at DeLay’s 2010 trial before a Travis County jury. The vote in favor of the Sugar Land Republican was 2-1, along partisan lines.
Travis County prosecutors appealed that decision. On Wednesday, the state’s highest criminal court agreed to hear the case.
Brian Wice, DeLay’s appellate lawyer, had hoped to persuade the Court of Criminal Appeals to reject the state’s appeal.
"We’re not surprised that the state’s highest criminal court wants to hear a case as important as Tom’s is," Wice said Wednesday. "We’re confident."
Travis County District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg said, "I continue to believe that the jury’s verdict was correct. I am pleased and confident that the court will give us fair consideration."
The long-running case dates back to a $190,000 transaction during the 2002 elections when DeLay and his allies were trying to elect a GOP majority to the Texas Legislature that, in turn, would draw congressional districts more favorable to the GOP.
Under state law, corporations can give money for the overhead expenses of a political action committee but not to a candidate.
Texans for a Republican Majority, a political action committee led by DeLay, exchanged $190,000 of its corporate donations for

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.895266
Retrieved Text: Amanda was born and raised in Brownsville, Texas and lived in South Texas on the border of Mexico for the majority of her life. The politics of immigration are part of her lived experience, and it has inspired her work while pursuing her Master's of Library and Information Science at the University of Washington. She hopes to use the confluence of her personal experience and academic preparation to continue to challenge and confront the gaps in information access for disenfranchised communities. Amanda currently resides in Seattle.
Anna has lived in the Puget Sound region for 15 years, and has worked with immigrant communities on family literacy and access to health care. Living in Nicaragua for a year, she learned firsthand about factors that contribute to migration. She is passionate about immigrant rights and empowering people through information, and is studying Library and Information Science. Anna resides in Tacoma, where the Northwest Detention Center is located.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.879192
Retrieved Text: Former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay suggested today that Judge Sonia Sotomayor’s Supreme Court nomination was motivated by cynical racial politics.
President Obama is “bragging about the fact that he’s appointing another woman and an Hispanic, and I think that’s outrageous,” DeLay said in a telephone interview with CNN’s Rick Sanchez earlier this afternoon.
The former congressman from Sugar Land said President Obama’s nominee was “pretty radical.” He also dubbed the debate over her ethnicity “racist in itself.” Instead, he said, the New York judge should be considered on her own merits.
“She has a world view. She has a judicial temperament. She has a record. And that’s what we ought to be looking at,” he said.
RICK SANCHEZ: I’m being told that, as a matter of fact, Republican Tom DeLay, former majority House speaker — former majority leader, thank you — is joining us now. Eleven-term congressman from Texas. This guy knows his politics.
Mr. Delay, are you there, sir?
TOM DELAY (R), FMR. MAJORITY LEADER: I’m right here. Thank you.
R. SANCHEZ: Are you the guy who’s going to stand up here on CNN and say to fellows like Tancredo and, you know, your colleague, Newt Gingrich, guys, why are you doing this? Are you?
DELAY: Well, they can do whatever they want to. I’ve got to tell you, I was born in Laredo, Texas, raised in Venezuela, and came from South Texas, so I have lived with Hispanics my entire life.
R. SANCHEZ: Go ahead. Please. Please.
La Raza and LULAC don’t speak for the Hispanics that I know. And they are a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.777113
Retrieved Text: Jackie Weishuhn, age 83, passed away on March 16, 2019 at Heritage Park in Katy, Texas. She was born in Houston, Texas on October 28, 1935 to Lillian (Susil) and Edgar McCracken, where she was raised as a child. At the age of seventeen, she married the love of her life, Florenz C. Weishuhn Jr. on October 12, 1952 where they resided in the Lone Oak/Frelsburg area. During this time she worked as a cook in various restaurants and at Walmart during her later years. She was affiliated with Sts. Peters & Paul Catholic Church of Frelsburg, Texas. She gave birth to five children: three girls named Caroll Mikulenka, Trina Schverak, and Kimberly Koehl along with two boys Keith Weishuhn and Kenneth Weishuhn. The majority of her life was seen in her dedication to her family and supporting her eleven grandchildren and seventeen great grandchildren in all their activities.
Jackie is preceded in death by her husband, Florenz C. Weishuhn Jr., her father Edgar McCracken and mother Lillian (Susil) Gaudiano, and one sister Johnnie Lee LaCorte.
Jackie is survived by her children Caroll Mikulenka and husband Matt, Trina Schverak and husband Donnie, Kimberly Koehl and husband Michael, Keith Weishuhn and wife Cindy, a very special niece Glenda Carter, and Kenneth Weishuhn, and her sister Carolyn Frank. Her Grandchildren include Katie Swafford, Ryan Weishuhn, Carla Hartley, Susie DeYoung, Dixie Hardin, Randy Haverlah, Skye Koehl, Kade Koehl, Coy Koehl, Kallin Koehl, and Natasha Kollmann. She had seventeen great grandchildren.
Visitation will be held on Monday, March 18th from 5:00pm to 7:00pm,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.638432
Retrieved Text: The U.S. Department of “Justice” failed to also name as defendents the voters of Arizona and the state legislators in their July 6th, 2010 complaint to the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona, when in actuality they are really suing the voters of Arizona and the Arizona state legislators (who were elected by the voters of Arizona) who followed the will of their constituents by passing the illegal immigration bill.
The lawsuit names Gov. Jan Brewer as defendent — but why? She merely signed the bill that the majority of Arizonans wanted. Who they really want to silence are the Conservative people of Arizona.
The federal government is suing a state, against the will of the people. Has the reality hit you yet?
Unlike New Mexico — California and Texas will have state legislative election in November 2010. Governor Rick Perry was the winner of the recent Texas Republican primary election and most likely will be re-elected over democrat primary winner, Houston Mayor Bill White. Texas Conservatives have a chance, if they will get out to the polls, to put a larger majority of Conservatives in the seats of their House of Representatives. If this is the case, Texans who like Arizona’s new immigration law may have another chance at getting one for their state in 2011.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.44602
Retrieved Text: On Wednesday, April 4, Senator Shapleigh will host El Paso's first Tele-Town Hall meeting, starting at 8:00 p.m. Special guest for the Tele-Town Hall meeting will be Texas Tech Chancellor Kent Hance.
EL PASO – On Wednesday, April 4, Senator Shapleigh will host El Paso's first Tele-Town Hall meeting, starting at 8:00 p.m. Special guest for the Tele-Town Hall meeting will be Texas Tech Chancellor Kent Hance.
A Tele-Town Hall meeting uses technology to connect constituents through their home telephones to public officials and each other. Upon connection to the Tele-Town Hall meeting, Senator Shapleigh and Chancellor Hance will be available to discuss the medical school and developments in the Texas legislature.
When: Wednesday, April 4, 2007 at 8:00 p.m.
When doctors call Elva Torres about the opening at the remote Presidio County Medical Clinic, the first thing she does is send them a map. She rarely hears back.
Texas voters have spoken and a convincing majority approved a half-billion-dollar fund to enable Texas Tech and six other emerging universities in the state to become national research institutions.
But it is still unclear how long it's going to be for Tech or any of the other schools to get the prestigious designation, better known as Tier One or flagship.
State Sen. Eliot Shapleigh, El Paso's tireless adovcate for the poor and underpriveleged, announced today that he will not be running for re-election in 2010.
"While other public service may lie ahead, I will not run for the Texas Senate in 2010," Shapleigh said in a statement. "In public life, especially in Texas during this

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.403885
Retrieved Text: Texas Attorney General and Gubernatorial Candidate Greg Abbott is beating State Senator and feminist hero Wendy Davis in the Lone Star State...among women. According to new data from the left leaning Public Policy Polling, Abbott is not only leading Davis with overall voters, but by a whopping eight percent among female voters.
Further, Davis' has an overall 47 percent unfavorable rating while Abbott enjoys a favorable rating of 40 percent. Among women, Davis' approval favorable rating is just 32 percent.
Going into this race, Davis was defined by her pro-late term abortion stance. At the time of her now infamous filibuster and before she announced her bid for governor, Davis was at odds with Texas women, and women in general, over the issue. The overwhelming majority of women support a late-term abortion bans and strict regulations on abortion clinics. I'm sure lying about how she made her way as a "single mother" didn't help win her any votes, either.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.374136
Retrieved Text: Liberty Boley, a freshman at Melcher-Dallas High School, was reported missing Monday to the police department there, Iowa investigators said.
A central Iowa teen reported missing earlier this week has been found safe in southern Texas, a state investigator said.
Liberty Boley, a freshman at Melcher-Dallas High School, was reported missing Monday to the police department there, the Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation said Thursday.
DCI Special Agent in Charge Adam DeCamp said Liberty, 14, was found Friday morning in southern Texas, though his agency is not releasing which town she was in. She was found within the last three hours, he said at 12:20 p.m.
DeCamp said his agency was still investigating the case, trying to sort through who she was with and how she got to Texas. He could not comment further but thanked the public for its support.
Liberty was in custody of Texas authorities.
Authorities asked for the public’s help in finding Liberty, saying she was in danger because she has medical conditions that require regimented medication, which she may have been without. Agents had concern for her health and safety, they said.
Asked Thursday if detectives had been investigating Libby’s disappearance as a missing-persons case or a criminal one, DeCamp said that was the "million-dollar question" that could change with one phone call.
In a statement Thursday, the DCI called Libby "endangered."
The DCI was assisting Melcher-Dallas police, the Marion County Sheriff’s Office and the Marion County Attorney’s Office in the investigation.
Melcher-Dallas, a Marion County city about 40 miles southeast of Des Moines, has a population of about 1,200 residents.
During

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.34801
Retrieved Text: Comparing allegations of racial discrimination to a government cover-up of extraterrestrials at Area 51, prominent federal appeals judges criticized their court’s invalidating of Texas’s voter ID law—a ruling that Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton now promises to take to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Texas enacted SB 14 in 2011, requiring all voters to show one of several types of photo identification when casting a vote. A voter can choose between showing a driver’s license, state-issued identification card, U.S. citizenship certificate, U.S. passport, concealed-carry permit, or Election Identification Certificate. All these IDs must be either current or less than 60 days expired.
When the NAACP and various leftist groups sued, District Judge Nelva Ramos—appointed by President Barack Obama—issued a sweeping decision that shocked many experts, holding that SB 14 had a discriminatory effect in violation of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (VRA), but more than that was also a deliberate attempt to discriminate against black and Hispanic people, which is a separate violation of the VRA.
Going still further, although she had struck down SB 14 for being inconsistent with a federal statute, she broke with binding Supreme Court precedent by taking the additional step of also saying this Texas law denied equal protection in violation of the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution, abridged voting rights in violation of the Fifteenth Amendment, and was somehow an unconstitutional poll tax under the Twenty-Fourth Amendment.
Texas appealed, and on July 20, 2016, a deeply divided U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit—sitting en banc with all of its active judges—affirmed in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.297873
Retrieved Text: Betty Jean (Raaen) Livingood, 82, of Ostrander, died on Sunday morning, Sept. 2, 2018, at the nursing home in Ostrander.
She was born on June 18, 1936, in a log cabin near Peterson to Gilmer and Cora (Fossum) Raaen.
After attending country school, she married Robert Kenneth Livingood on Feb. 9, 1957, at Grace Lutheran Church in Peterson.
The couple spent the majority of their life together working on their dairy farm on Highway 52 north of Preston. In the 1980s, she worked as a home health aide, where she enjoyed caring for elderly people. After her husband died in 2003, she moved to Wykoff. In her later years, she enjoyed time at her assisted living apartment in Spring Valley and thereafter was admitted to the rehabilitation and nursing home in Ostrander.
She is survived by three sons, Kenneth (Traci McKenzie) Livingood of Mabel, Gary Livingood of Wykoff and Alan Livingood of LeRoy; grandchildren, Brady Livingood of Texas, Samantha Livingood of Mabel, Bryan (Lauren Wade) Livingood of Texas, Kyle (Denise Martin) Livingood of Georgia and Heather Livingood of Arizona; great-grandchildren, Tasha Livingood and Paul Livingood, both of Georgia, Declan Livingood and Waylon Livingood, both of Texas and Savannah Grace Livingood of Mabel; one sister, Donna (Milford) Olson of Peterson; brother, LuVerne (Joyce) Raaen of Mabel and many cherished nieces and nephews.
She was preceded in death by her husband; one grandchild, Savannah Jo Livingood; brother, Glen (Helen) Raaen and sister, Shirley (Ervin) Rye.
The funeral for her was held on Wednesday, Sept. 5, at Hoff Funeral Home in Rushford. Burial followed at

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.297794
Retrieved Text: States in the South are among those with the highest per capita rates of accidental shootings involving minors.
Another finding: The vast majority of shooters and victims are boys.
While accidental shootings account for only a fraction of firearm deaths in the U.S., gun safety advocates have long argued they are largely preventable.
Bob Anderson, chief of the mortality statistics branch of the CDC’s National Center for Health Statistics, suggested the NRA was citing statistics that underestimate the risk guns represent to children.
He said the undercount documented by the AP and USA TODAY Network is “significant and important,” but not surprising.
That is just what Crystal Mees is advocating in Texas after the death of her son at her mother’s house.
Crystal Mees blames her mother for her son’s death and no longer talks to her or brings her two children around; she says she had warned her to keep the gun out of children’s reach. She plans to push for a “Bryson’s law” in Texas to make it easier for prosecutors to bring charges against adults who allow children access to firearms.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.199865
Retrieved Text: Dr. Joey grew up in Richardson but moved to the Hill Country where he attended Marble Falls High School. He did his undergraduate studies at Texas A&M University in College Station before entering dental school at Baylor College of Dentistry in Dallas.
He opened his first practice in the Austin area in 1996. Later, he relocated to Frisco and in 2004 opened Frisco Square Dental. When he is not in the office, Dr. Joey enjoys hanging out with his wife, Terri, and their five children between them, coaching youth soccer and working out.
Jill has been with us since 2007. She attended Collin College where she played softball and earned her Associates of Science degree. She then transferred to Midwestern State University where she earned her Bachelor of Science degree in 2004. She is married to her high school sweetheart and has three children. She enjoys spending time outdoors and watching her children’s activities.
Kristi has been with Frisco Square Dental since June 2010. She graduated from Tyler Junior College in 2002 with an Associates of Science in Dental Hygiene. Originally from East Texas, she has lived in McKinney for the last 8 years. Kristi has two teenagers and enjoys card making, scrapbooking, and collecting Mickey Mouse memorabilia.
Lindsay is Dr. McElhaney’s dental assistant. She has been in dentistry for 7 years and has been a part of our team since 2011. She has a six year old daughter which takes up the majority of her time. Lindsay is very personable and will make you feel at ease during your

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.161747
Retrieved Text: Kathy has over 20+ years of professional services experience and has spent the majority of her career working for start-ups in both the non-profit and retail industries. As Senior Vice President of Products at Charity Dynamics, she oversees technology solutions including mobile and social applications to help nonprofits raise money.
Michael has spent the last 8 years working at Apple, where he’s currently a Solutions Architect. Since earning his Bachelor’s degree in Finance from The University of Texas at Austin, Michael has spent over 20 years in the technology industry, including 9 years at SAP as a Platinum Consultant.
Erika moved to Austin in 2000 from Bolivia, where she saw first-hand how a lack of education can negatively impact people and the society they’re a part of. As one of Moja Tu’s first supporters, she currently sponsors two children who are extended siblings to her three children in Austin.
Jill moved to Austin in 1995 after receiving her BS in Management Information Systems from Oklahoma State University. She has 22 years experience in the IT industry and current works at HomeAway as Senior Engagement Manager. Jill loves animals and is a long time volunteer for the Central Texas SPCA.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.033205
Retrieved Text: Dr. Jessica Dunning-Lozano is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Sociology at Ithaca College. Her research interests are in education, crime, law, and deviance, race, poverty, and ethnography. Dr. Dunning-Lozano's research broadly examines the micro effects of large-scale criminal justice, social, and economic policies on low-income communities. She investigates the on-the-ground effects of the growing enmeshment of punitive state practices and traditional “caring” institutions, such as public education and public assistance agencies, on the day-to-day lives of vulnerable populations. Dr. Dunning-Lozano undertook a 27 month-long ethnography of a majority Latino public Disciplinary Alternative Education Program (DAEP) in Texas where she examined the ways in which discipline is accomplished in such programs, the effects of program discipline on student subjectivities, and the paradoxes of student/teacher/parent/ police relationships in a school whose primary function is to punish.
She is currently working on a mixed methods archival project that examines variations in how teachers evaluate and document student misbehavior on an array of disciplinary documents by students’ race, class, gender, and citizenship statuses, and the ramifications of these recorded assessments for students both in and beyond public school settings.
Dr. Dunning-Lozano's work has been funded through the American Sociological Association Minority Fellowship Program, the Center for Mexican American Studies, the C.B. Smith Sr. Centennial Chair in U.S.-Mexico Relations, the President's Fellowship at the University of Texas, the Marilyn Yarbrough Dissertation/ Teaching Fellowship Program, and The National Academy of Education/ Spencer Foundation.
Jessica Dunning-Lozano received her PhD in Sociology from the University of Texas, Austin. She graduated with an M.A. in the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.983213
Retrieved Text: House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is losing the confidence of her party. Democrats from across the country won’t say if Pelosi can lead the party to victory in the 2018 midterms. Rumblings inside the Caucus say her days might be numbered as the Democrats’ House Leader. In an interview with BuzzFeed, Rep. Filemon (D-CA) blasted Pelosi, admitting there is “no way in hell” his party wins in 2018 with the California lawmaker as House Minority Leader.
Democratic Rep. Filemon Vela (Texas) called House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D., Calif.) an “obvious obstacle” to Democrats taking back a majority in the chamber, saying there was “no way in hell” they can do it with her in leadership.
In an interview with BuzzFeed, Vela, whose south Texas district is safely Democratic, said Pelosi was a clear “drag” on candidates in swing districts. Democrats are hoping to win back a majority in the House in 2018 for the first time since losing it to the GOP in 2010.
“If you have an obvious obstacle, why not remove it?” he added.
It’s not a new criticism from him.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) recently appeared on CBS, blaming Democrat members for not having a message. Of course she bragged about becoming Speaker of the House in her glory days, then put the blame on other Democrats for losing so many seats.
Clearly, Nancy Pelosi knows nothing about leadership since she can’t take responsibility for her party’s demise. No wonder why Democrats are circling the wagons.
When confronted with the fact that the Democrats are losing special

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.980112
Retrieved Text: Lizette Bradley has spent the majority of her life in a small town south of the Dallas Fort Worth area in Texas. Her career began in 1983 with a membership based campground company called Thousand Trails and she remained there for 27 years. Her interests have been in customer service, training and managing the daily operation of the Thousand Trails Resort including all care of facilities and members until May of 2010. In May of 2010, Lizette entered into a new career and established a new company with her business partner Cher Novaria.
During the past 25 years, Lizette and her husband Joe, have raised 3 children and are currently entering into the Grandparent phase. Lizette brings her experience of serving the customer with her into this business and is excited to be living in Florida and working with so many wonderful people.
Cher Novaria has been part of a military family with extensive world travel. She has raised 3 children who are spread out from Texas to Maine. Since 1997, she has worked in the customer service field selling memberships, life counseling, and creating her own picture frame company. She recently moved to Florida and started a concierge service with her business partner Lizette Bradley.
Cher's secret goal all of her life included living near a beach. With the move to Florida, she can swim with the dolphins and beachcomb all she wants. Cher is ready to help people and makes friends easily. She is active with her Church and knows a lot about the area.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.925648
Retrieved Text: Of course, Davis is well-known in Texas in another regard; he is the older brother of Cullen Davis, also an heir to the family’s Fort Worth oil fortune whose two trials in the slaying of his estranged wife’s daughter and in a murder-for-hire scheme of a judge roiled Texas in the 1970s. Cullen Davis was acquitted and Ken Davis thinks that it is “ancient history” that the public and McClatchy needs to leave behind.
“He didn’t do anything wrong,” said Ken Davis. There is a cottage industry in books and movies around the scandal that brought international attention to Fort Worth.
And Ken Davis is now among the most generous of political activists.
Most of Davis’ giving, as well as that of other big-dollar Texas donors, is to outside spending groups, which include the Super PACs — political action committees that operate separately from a candidate or party without spending caps.
Texas is the fourth-largest state for political contributions, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a nonpartisan group, with 70 percent of donations going to Republicans.
Davis’ contribution of $2.275 million to Vote 2 Reduce the Debt puts him in the company of some of Texas’ biggest names, including Bob McNair, owner of the Houston Texans football team. McNair’s contribution of $3.55 million to Republicans makes him the Lone Star State’s top donor on the top 100 list of outside spenders compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics.
The late Houston home builder Bob Perry, who died in April 2013, was still one of the election cycle’s top donors with $3.1

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.884892
Retrieved Text: Louise Kemsley has been a legal assistant with the firm since March 2009. She is a true gem and truly cares about our clients. Louise works great with our clients in putting them at ease for their court hearings and trustee meetings. She types in the initial information received from clients and prepares the paperwork for review and filing. Louise contacts our clients’ creditors to inform them of the bankruptcy filing and requests reaffirmation agreements as well as other information from them. She is able to answer many of our clients’ questions and concerns. She takes care of the majority of the administrative work in the office.
Louise also works as a Realtor, licensed in Texas, to assist clients who are thinking about buying or selling their homes, leasing homes or offices, and providing guidance on general real estate issues.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.859734
Retrieved Text: Albert Einstein once said, “There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other as if everything is a miracle.” Anyone who has had the pleasure of knowing Diane Baker clearly knows she chose the second path.
Ms. Baker’s first teaching assignment was in Nederland ISD where she served as an assistant director at both Central and C.O. Wilson Jr. High. Diane also assisted the Texas Hall of Fame Bandmaster Blanton McDonald at Nederland High School.
After a few years in Nederland, Ms. Baker struck out on her own to become the head band director at Hull Daisetta High School. In three short years under her leadership, the band received its first-ever UIL Sweepstakes award and was named class 2A Region Honor Band. In the fall of 1979, Diane made the move to Hardin-Jefferson High School in Sour Lake, Texas. Hardin-Jefferson is where Diane spent the majority of her teaching career. Under her direction, the “Big Blue Machine” won its first UIL Sweepstakes in the spring of 1980 and was a consistent sweepstakes winner during her twenty-three-year tenure in the district. The band’s numerous appearances at state marching contest, and Ronald Regan’s Parade in Houston, Texas, as well as several region and area honor band titles is what keeps the name Diane Baker legendary in the three small Southeast Texas communities the districts serves.
During her time in the Hardin-Jefferson district, Ms. Baker served Lamar University as an adjunct instructor of percussion. She also began thirty years of service for

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.815516
Retrieved Text: La’Mesa Hunter, MSN, FNP-C is originally from Tyler, Tx, where she began her studies in nursing at Tyler Junior College and obtained her LVN license in 2001, and then received her associates degree in nursing in 2003. She then decided to further her education and earned her bachelor’s degree in nursing from the University of Texas at Tyler. Her strong desire to care for patients on a higher level that included diagnostic and prescriptive authority drove her to pursue a Master’s degree in which she obtained from the University of Texas at Arlington.
Mrs. Hunter has over 20 years experience in the medical field with training in medical surgical nursing, telemetry, orthopedics, urology, labor and delivery and postpartum care, clinical documentation specialist, director of staff development, long term and rehabilitative care, in addition to critical care experience.
As an advanced practitioner Mrs. Hunter has been trained on the insertion of Nexplanon implants, gastric lap bands for weight loss management, as well as caring for patients across the lifespan.
Mrs. Hunter lives in Tyler with her husband Earnest and their son Kylan.
The Willow Wellness Center is one of many medical facilities in Tyler offering primary care services and perhaps the only one in a position to boast that the majority of its highly competent and compassionate providers are "homegrown."
Copyright 2018 by Willow Wellness Center, P.A., All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.757002
Retrieved Text: Originally from Sun Prairie, Wisconsin, Georgia O'Keeffe aspired to becoming an artist at an early age. She attended the Art Institute of Chicago in 1905, a year later moving to New York to study at the Art Students League. In 1908, O'Keeffe attended an exhibition of Rodin's watercolors at the 291 Gallery owned by world renowned modernist photographer, and her future husband, Alfred Stieglitz, though by all accounts, they did not meet that evening.
Discouraged with the development of her artwork, she chose not return to the Art Students League the following autumn, instead moving to Chicago where she worked as a commercial artist. For several years following, she did not paint at all, claiming that the smell of turpentine made her sick.
O'Keeffe was eventually inspired again when, having accepted a two-year position as supervisor of art in the public schools of Amarillo, Texas, she fell in love with the desert. She wrote about long walks on narrow paths in a canyon near the town where she lived. The dangerous climbs in and out of the canyon were like nothing she had known before. Many of her later paintings would be born from these experiences.
She finally began to paint again in 1912, when she attended a class at the University of Virginia Summer School. There she was introduced to the avant garde techniques that would bring her both fulfillment in her work, and fame as a modernist painter. O'Keeffe served as a teaching assistant at the University for several years before returning to Texas to teach in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.750393
Retrieved Text: Dr. Ferron is an Associate Professor in the Department of Civil, Architectural and Environmental Engineering at the University of Texas at Austin (UT Austin); her research expertise is in the area of materials science and engineering of infrastructure materials, primarily dedicated to research concerning portland cement-based materials. The majority of her scholarly work focuses on smart, stimuli-responsive cement-based composites and early-age behavior and characterization, particularly rheology, processing, and fresh state micro/nano-structural characterization. Since her start at the UT Austin, her research has been supported by a diversity of funding sources, including but not limited to the National Academies of Sciences, National Science Foundation (NSF), National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) and Shell Oil Company. Dr. Ferron has taught a mixture of materials and design courses, and she has taught over 800 students through her courses at UT Austin.
Dr. Ferron is the secretary of ACI Committee 552: Cementitious Grouting and secretary of ACI Committee 552-TG: 3D Printing. She serves as a member of other technical committees in ACI, ASTM International and the Transportation Research Board. Dr. Ferron is a recipient of the 2010 American Society of Civil Engineers New Faces award, an award which recognizes outstanding young civil engineers. Dr. Ferron is also a recipient of the 2016 Louisiana-Texas Region Top 40 Under 20 Award and the 2017 ACI Young Member for Professional Achievement Award. Dr. Ferron was inducted as a Fellow of ACI in 2017, and was recently selected as a committee member of the New Voices, a program spearheaded

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.744003
Retrieved Text: Dr. Bonnie Clipper is the Vice President of Innovation for the American Nurses Association. Prior to joining the ANA, Dr. Clipper has served as a Chief Nursing Officer for Cornerstone Hospital of Austin, the Medical Center of the Rockies, St. David’s Medical Center and RUSH-Oak Park Hospital.
Dr. Clipper completed her Doctor of Nursing Practice at Texas Tech University. She received a Master of Business Administration from Lewis University, a Master of Arts in Health and Human Services Administration from St. Mary’s University and a Bachelor of Science in Nursing from Winona State University. She serves as Clinical Assistant Professor at Texas Tech University.
Dr. Clipper has been practicing for over 30 years, spending the majority of her career in leadership and executive nursing roles transitioning over the past four years to focus on innovation. In addition, she serves on the advisory board for Telehealth and Medicine Today and speaks throughout the country on topics of interest to nursing leaders. Dr. Clipper is a Robert Wood Johnson Executive Nurse Fellow alumna, an ASU/AONE Executive Fellow in Health Innovation Leadership Fellow alumna and a Fellow in the American College of Healthcare Executives. Her research interests include building cultures of innovation and millennial leadership development. She has authored the book The Nurse Managers Guide to an Intergenerational Workforce and was a co-author of The Innovation Roadmap: A Guide for Nurse Leaders. She also has a very active social media presence as @ThoughtleaderRN.
Her superpower is being a connector!
Another health innovation initiative produced by http://Energizing.Health.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.726114
Retrieved Text: Dr. Gabriela Thornton earned her master’s degree and PhD in international studies at the University of Miami, Coral Gables. She joined the Bush School as a lecturer in 2007 and was promoted to senior lecturer in 2011. She teaches classes on international politics in theory and practice, the European Union, NATO and European security, and democratization processes.
“European security is strongly linked to NATO since most EU member states are NATO members at the same time," Thornton says. "With respect to my democratization class, a majority of the newest members of the EU underwent a process of democratization after the fall of the Berlin wall. My class looks at democratization processes in Eastern Europe and elsewhere in the world from a comparative perspective and examines EU and US efforts to promote democracy around the world."
Asked about current trends in her field, Dr. Thornton notes that challenges for the European Union created by the ongoing economic and financial crisis are a major focus of research.
Dr. Thornton says that the Capstone projects are an element of the Bush School she particularly values. She worked on several Capstone projects focusing on NATO, Ukraine, and energy resources in the Caucuses; and she notes that her Capstones benefited from collaboration with Ambassador Roman Popadiuk, the director of the Bush Library Foundation.
Dr. Gabriela Marin Thornton is an instructional associate professor of international affairs at the Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas A&M University. She received both her MA (international studies, 2002) and PhD (international studies, 2006) from the University of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.619886
Retrieved Text: The life of a nonprofit worker can be wrapped up in selfless and meaningful pursuits, such as helping people who need a hand and doing work for the good of the community. But doing good deeds depends on another kind of consuming pursuit: raising money for the mission.
Just ask Teresa Granillo, who heads up Con Mi Madre, a local nonprofit that’s achieved remarkable results helping young Latinas stay in school and get a college education by engaging their mothers in the process so that they stay faithful to the journey. "Every day I wake up and go to bed thinking fundraising," Granillo says with a resigned smile.
Raising money can be daunting. In Austin, more than 7,000 nonprofits vie for dollars from charitable foundations, corporations and people perhaps like yourself who struggle with their own budget and don’t always have much to spare.
In Granillo’s case, asking for money often elicits a reply she can get tired of hearing: "Why Latinos?"
"That’s why it’s nice to have a situation where the community has said, ‘Yes, Latinos,’ and has recognized this is our future," Granillo says.
The situation she refers to is the launching of a new giving network to support the economic advancement of Hispanic Central Texans. The Austin Community Foundation is starting the network — called the Hispanic Impact Fund— with $500,000, including a $250,000 grant from Google.org and financial commitments by Rackspace and JPMorgan Chase & Co. In bringing together philanthropists and resources, the Austin Community Foundation grants more than $23 million a year in donor-advised funds, making

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.590252
Retrieved Text: Christian boarding schools in or near Rockwall, Texas. Get free help finding the best therapeutic boarding school in Rockwall, Texas.
Is your teenager spinning out of control? Looking for a therapeutic Christian boarding school for him or her near Rockwall, Texas?
Let us help you in finding the best school near Rockwall, Texas. We’ve made it our life goal to know all we can about every program, so we can help parents (without cost) find the best possible option for their troubled teen. We want to help you avoid the same mistake we did.
Now, every day we hear from many frustrated parents in towns like Rockwall, Texas, who share how their once normal and happy child has become seriously out of control — just like our son was. They talk about how it has disrupted their home and how they fear for their child’s future and very life. “My child is no longer who she used to be,” is a typical cry from these parents.
If your child is out of control, he or she needs you to intervene. That’s why you’ve landed on this site, so allow us to be the help you need to help you find just the right program near Rockwall, Texas. The downward spiral your teen is on can have tremendous destructive potential with lifelong consequences, or even bring a young life to a quick end. Don’t wait. Act now based on what you know is true – your faith, your own beliefs, and what you know is best for your child.
Allow us to

================



======= Instance Index 18 =========
Input Text: Given that Who knows how many quarrels, false accusations, unnecessary dismissals, how many promising careers cut short can be attributed to a butler's slovenliness at the stage of drawing up the staff plan? Indeed, I can say I am in agreement with those who say that the ability to draw up a good staff plan is the cornerstone of any decent butler's skills. I have myself devised many staff plans over the years and I do not believe I am being unduly boastful if I say that very few ever needed amendment. Therefore, it must be true that "very few plans ever needed amendment"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.22534
Retrieved Text: Jamie is a self-proclaimed geek with regard to employee benefits law. She focuses her practice on counseling clients of all types and sizes on a wide variety of ERISA and employee benefits issues. She works collaboratively with her clients to help them to select benefit plans that fit their business needs and to operate their plans in the midst of a complex and ever-changing area of the law. She enjoys helping her clients understand the impact of statutory and regulatory changes to retirement plans, as well as health and welfare plans.
Jamie assists clients with all aspects of plan design, compliance, and documentation, including plan adoption, amendment, merger, and termination. She counsels clients regarding day-to-day benefits administration and compliance with the Affordable Care Act (ACA), ERISA, HIPAA, COBRA, USERRA and other applicable law. When needed, she works closely with clients to identify and correct errors in their benefit plans. She also provides fiduciary training to support best practices and minimize exposure.
Jamie is also a member in the firm’s Fiduciary Litigation Team, as well as the Women’s Initiative. Aside from the practice of law, Jamie is active in supporting her community by serving as a Treasurer for the Viennese Winter Ball Committee, which benefits the Wheeling Symphony Orchestra, and as Chairman of the Scholarship Committee in her Alpha Chi Omega alumnae chapter, which supports the collegiate chapter at her alma mater, Marshall University.
Numerous presentations at conferences and for industry groups on employee benefits issues, including the Affordable Care Act.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.007809
Retrieved Text: Our facility was recently inspected by the EPA. Williams & Co prepared us for the inspection, telling us what to expect. We had maintained our SPCC Plan prepared by Williams and we had conducted the periodic inspections. At the end of the inspection the EPA inspector told us that he has seen over 80 different SPCC Plans in the last few months but our Plan was the best he has ever seen. Williams’ staff is personable, professional and I could not recommend them more highly.
We’ve got a handful of sites that needed SPCC plans and we knew improvements were going to be necessary. Williams responded quickly to our request and sent us the SPCC plans in short order. They helped us through the thought process of what improvements were necessary and the many options that were available.
We are a bulk facility providing contractors, businesses and farmers with fuel. Williams prepared our SPCC plan in short order and was very helpful in discussing the options for improving our facility. A few years after our plan was completed I asked Williams to help me explain to my farm clients what the SPCC requirements were. Williams offered, and did come out to our facility and conduct a meeting for farmers. It was low key matter of fact and my clients appreciated it very much.
The EPA told me that I needed a fence around my bulk plant. Williams helped me prepare security measures so that a fence was not required. Very helpful and practical service.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.764072
Retrieved Text: As part of Ontario’s funding reform which became effective May 1, 2018, most Ontario-registered defined benefit (DB) pension plans will have to make amendments to their Statements of Investment Policies and Procedures (SIPPs) and pension plan texts. For most plans, these amendments will be required to be made over the next year.
Effective May 1, 2018, each SIPP must include a target asset allocation that reflects the categories of investments that are already reflected on financial statements and defined in subsection 76(12) of the regulations under the Pension Benefits Act (the Regulations). Given that the list of investment categories is not broken down by the traditional groupings such as equities, bonds and cash equivalents, this means that nearly every SIPP for an Ontario-registered DB pension plan will require amendment to add target asset allocations that are compliant with the amended Regulations.
The SIPP can retain its pre-existing asset table, if a compliant table of target asset allocations is also added. If there are two asset allocation tables, the plan administrator must comply with both tables.
All Ontario-registered DB pension plans are affected. FSCO has also confirmed that defined contribution pension plans where administrators (rather than plan members) direct investments are also subject to this requirement. Defined contribution pension plans where members make investment choices are not affected.
When is the change required?
The Regulations did not specify a deadline for submission of amendments to a SIPP; however, given that the change is required in order for the SIPP to be compliant, it would be prudent to make the amendment soon. It

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.626148
Retrieved Text: Our current political climate is flush with talk of women's rights and what some call a "war on women." But few legislative acts have ever been as condescending to women as the amendment submitted by Illinois Rep. William E. Mason to give property-owning "widows and spinsters" the right to vote [source: U.S. House of Representatives].
Well, that's true, but the real problem with this amendment was the underlying logic. In the all-male minds of Congress, only "widows and spinsters" needed the right to vote because married women had their husbands to represent their interests (insert eye roll here). That reasoning didn't sit well with Stanton who half-jokingly testified before Congress that these single women were "industrious, common-sense women ... who love their country (having no husband to love) better than themselves." The amendment never gained much traction, maybe because the congressmen were afraid of what their wives would say [source: U.S. National Archives].
File this amendment under "jumping the gun," "putting the cart before the horse" or "counting your chickens before they hatch." In 1893, Wisconsin Rep. Lucas Miller figured eventually every nation in the world would be admitted as part of the United States, so we might as well go ahead and rename the country the "United States of Earth." But how, you may ask, would legislative representatives spread across such a vast territory conduct the business of government? Don't worry, he had the answer. They'd "vote by electricity," of course (whatever that means) [source: Special to The New York Times].
Amazingly, that was only the beginning of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.546234
Retrieved Text: Alyn Smith MEP, Scottish full member of the European Parliament's Agriculture and Rural Development Committee, and long-time campaigner on sheep EID, has expressed bitter disappointment at the Parliament's decision to throw out his committee amendment providing much-needed relief for sheep farmers from the full effects of the law.
The amendment was submitted by Alyn in close consultation with the Shetland crofters, was passed with an overwhelming majority in the committee, but was rejected by 265 votes to 360 in full plenary (the Paulsen Report on the Animal Health Law).
"I am frustrated and disappointed beyond words. After a very encouraging and resounding vote in committee, an unholy alliance of MEPs from the two biggest groups, the European People's Party and the Socialists, have conspired to throw out this amendment without ever explaining or justifying themselves to me or in public.
"The "disease threat" excuse has always been a canard: the risk when animals are still on their holding of birth is minimal, and there would have been no changes in the rules for movements. I'm a firm believer that we can use the legislative process to fix obvious flaws in the rules, so it's galling to see this opportunity slip by.
"I am determined to continue exploring avenues by which we can push this amendment. The Council is the other half of the co-decision legislative process, and they have not finalised their position, so there may be some scope to influence proceedings there.
"I would like to thank the Shetland crofters for their very valuable support in helping push this amendment

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.408745
Retrieved Text: The latest poll from Mason-Dixon Polling & Research, taken in early October, shows that current support still falls short of the 60 percent majority needed for the passage of Amendment 2. That in itself is good news, especially if one keeps in mind the earlier Quinnipiac poll taken in early September, which also shows less than 60 percent support for the amendment. But a rise in undecideds from 7 to 11 percent is troubling, and suggests that they might break for supporting the amendment. The article below is from seaqwa, a gay online newspaper in Seattle.
TALLAHASSEE -- Support for Florida's anti-gay "marriage protection" amendment on the Nov. 4 ballot continues to fall short of the 60 percent needed for passage, a new poll shows today, but may be poised for approval.
Support for Amendment 2, which limits civil marriage to one man and one woman only, dropped from 57 percent in August to 55 percent in early October, according to Mason-Dixon Polling & Research.
But the difference falls within the 4 percentage point margin of error for the poll; meanwhile, the number of voters who remain undecided on Amendment 2 rose from 7 percent to 11 percent. All told, the results remain comparable to the outcome of Mason-Dixon's August survey, Tampa Tribune reports.
Of the 625 registered voters surveyed Saturday through Monday, 55 percent supported the anti-gay marriage amendment, while 34 percent were against it.
It takes a 60 percent vote to approve a constitutional amendment in Florida.
But Mason-Dixon polling director Brad Coker warned the the number of undecided voters

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.376127
Retrieved Text: Judge Robert Lasnik’s ruling didn’t order the plans to be taken down, but temporarily blocked a settlement that Defense Distributed, a Texas-based gun rights organization, and the federal government reached in June that made it legal to post 3D printable gun plans online.
“What it means is if anyone posts this information online, they are in violation of federal law and can suffer very serious consequences. So, it makes it unlawful to post that information and make it available to the public,” Ferguson said.
Defense Distributed founder Cody Wilson said the site has disabled downloads until he reviews the order.
The website had touted that plans for several plastic weapons would be available Wednesday to people who had signed up for a login. Some plans had already been available for download.
The settlement with the federal government had ended a multiyear legal battle that started when Wilson posted designs for a 3D printed handgun he called “The Liberator” in 2013. The single-shot pistol was made almost entirely out of ABS plastic — the same material Lego bricks are made from — and could be made on a 3D printer.
Wilson sued the federal government in 2015.
But Lasnik found the government didn’t follow procedure when agreeing to the settlement.
CNN reached out to Josh Blackman, a lawyer for Defense Distributed, for comment.
The litigants will return to court on August 10 to discuss whether a preliminary injunction is needed.
Alan Gottlieb, a founder and vice president of the Second Amendment Foundation, told CNN’s “Cuomo Prime Time” that it was a matter of applying the First

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.142868
Retrieved Text: How will John Kasich, a Man with Plans, react?
House Joint Resolution 19 comes after Ohio legislative leaders lamented what they said was a “cottage industry” set up to put frivolous amendments on the statewide ballot. Under the resolution, 60 percent of Ohio voters would have to approve a proposed constitutional amendment for it to pass. Currently, any proposed constitutional amendment -- including HJR 19 itself -- needs a simple majority of “yes” votes to take effect.
It would also move up the deadline to submit the hundreds of thousands of petition signatures needed to put a proposed amendment on the ballot. That deadline is now in early July; the resolution would move it to April 1. In addition, each petition signature would only be valid for 180 days. Right now, there’s no expiration date for signatures. HJR 19 would also change the way Ohioans can force the state legislature to pass a law.
Right now, a group can force lawmakers to take action on a proposal if it gathers a number of petition signatures equal to 3 percent of the number of voters in the last gubernatorial election (that number is 129,553, based on this year’s gubernatorial vote). If lawmakers don’t pass the measure within four months, proponents can gather signatures from another 3 percent of voters to put the proposal on the statewide ballot.
And why all this foofaraw?
For the same reason it's happening in Wisconsin, Michigan, and in the newly insane state of North Carolina: the voters are voting in ways Republican politicians find...inconvenient. Direct democracy of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.058327
Retrieved Text: When the Constitution was written, the federal government was not given the authority to collect an income tax. That changed when the 16th Amendment to the Constitution was ratified in 1913.
Today, 52% of voters favor repealing the 16th Amendment to end the federal income tax. A ScottRasmussen.com national survey found that such a repeal is favored by 62% of independent voters, 56% of Republicans, and 42% of Democrats.
Perhaps surprising to some, support for ending the income tax is actually a bit higher among those who earn less. Repealing the 16th Amendment is supported by 54% of those earning less than $75,000 annually. Among those with higher incomes, support for repeal is at 50%.
Despite majority support, there is virtually no chance the 16th Amendment will ever be repealed. It is very difficult to amend the U.S. Constitution. That’s especially true when the amendment would limit the power of the federal government.
For example, 78% of voters continue to support term limits for members of Congress. While that level of support has been consistent for decades, there is no likelihood of a term limits amendment being added to the Constitution.
Despite majority support, there is virtually no chance the 16th Amendment will ever be repealed. It is very difficult to amend the U.S. Constitution.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.901821
Retrieved Text: Sen. Mary Landrieu's (D-La.) recent vote to reject an amendment to the Senate health reform bill that would have prohibited coverage of abortion services in any health plan insuring people who receive federal subsidies has brought renewed attention to an issue that has haunted her political career, the AP/Cleveland Plain Dealer reports. Landrieu, one of the few Louisiana politicians who support abortion rights, said that she voted against the amendment because she believed it would have removed legal abortion coverage from private plans, thus violating the pledge that people who like their current health insurance coverage would be able to keep it under reform.
Over the weekend, Senate Democrats continued efforts to reach an agreement on abortion coverage under the chamber's health care reform bill after Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.) said he would not support the measure without additional restrictions, the New York Times ' "Prescriptions" reports. The Senate recently rejected an amendment proposed by Nelson and Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) that would have prohibited any federally subsidized insurance plan from offering abortion coverage. A similar amendment is included in the House health reform bill (HR 3962) (Herszenhorn, "Prescriptions, " New York Times, 12/14). According to the AP/NPR, Nelson is one of the 60 votes needed to block a GOP filibuster in the Senate and pass the final bill (Kellman, AP/NPR, 12/14).
CongressDaily: "Senators continued to quibble over procedure Thursday, complicating Majority Leader [Harry] Reid's plans to file cloture on three pieces of his healthcare bill at once, a procedural step he hopes will allow passage before Christmas,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.900597
Retrieved Text: Many aspects of the Obama Administration’s Affordable Care Act (ACA) also known as “Obamacare” are of particular concern; however, the most important aspect of repealing Obamacare to the structural pest management industry is the employer mandate. The employer mandate requires employers with 50 or more workers to provide health insurance to all employees working 30 hours a week or more. In every effort to repeal Obamacare thus far, the employer mandate has been continuously targeted. Unfortunately, every repeal vote in the Senate to date has failed.
In May, the U.S. House of Representatives narrowly passed the American Health Care Act (AHCA) which would repeal and replace Obamacare. Much like the House, the Senate has held several attempts on repealing the controversial seven-year law. Despite the first few failed efforts, on Tuesday, July 25, 2017, the Senate voted in favor of beginning debate on repealing Obamacare by a 50-50 vote with Vice President Mike Pence breaking the tie, in favor of beginning debate. Subsequently, Majority Leader McConnell has held several votes on different versions of repealing Obamacare: 1. Repeal and Replace (Senate Version w/ Cruz and Portman Amendments), 2. Repeal and Delay (w/Paul Amendment), and 3. “Skinny Repeal” (Repeals a select few parts of Obamacare including the Employer Mandate, but the overwhelming majority of Obamacare remains intact).
Repeal and Replace Vote: The first major vote held in the Senate that would repeal and immediately replace Obamacare. Key elements of this repeal version consisted of: Rolling back the Medicaid expansion and capping the program’s spending, reducing marketplace subsidies, eliminating the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.878748
Retrieved Text: "American Hemp" Concept TrailerThis film is currently in production. I began "Sow It Everywhere" back in 2012 just a few weeks before Amendment 64 passed in Colorado. The amendment, along with legalizing marijuana use for persons over 21, legalized the cultivation of hemp, something I knew nothing about. I became fascinated with hemp and knew that that was the direction I wanted to take the project. I continued following the movement throughout 2013.I am now picking up where I left off with this project and have plans to shoot until at least the end of 2016.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.801363
Retrieved Text: Ever stuck on Highland, Government, College, I-10… well, anywhere in Baton Rouge, and wish you could just zoom over all the congestion?
Uber has partnered with NASA to move work forward on their sci-fi solution to the very real problem of gridlock: flying taxis.
The ridesharing company announced in April they were working on an initiative called uberAIR, and recently said they connected with NASA to develop the air management systems needed to handle a fleet of flying taxis.
Uber plans to introduce a few test vehicles to Los Angeles, Dallas, and Dubai by 2020. No idea when Baton Rouge would make that list.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.715654
Retrieved Text: Senate President Mike Miller is upset with both Governor Martin O’Malley and House Speaker Michael Busch, over the House of Delegates’ plans to approve a constitutional amendment, asking voters to approve slot parlors at five locations, but not approve a separate piece of legislation which determines licensing guidelines for slots parlors and how the money generated will be split.
Several delegates have told WBAL News, there are not enough votes to pass the slots legislation, but there are the 85 votes needed to put the amendment on the ballot next year.
The delegates say the House will consider the separate slots bill in the regular session in January.
“There’s no guarantee there’s going to be a bill next year,” Miller told reporters today.
And we get this bit of mystery.
Miller says someone in the House of Delegates “deceived” the governor and the Senate.
So the House has passed a bill to place the slots amendment on the ballot next year, but they have not come up with the enabling legislation. Ocean City is back on the list of sites so William Rickman’s donations to O’Malley still produce income. Miller is unhappy but it is really unclear that anyone besides Mike Miller cares.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.711086
Retrieved Text: The  subcommittee  made no  statutory  recommendations.
operating budget in future years.
based on right to counsel.
(CINA),  civil custody,  and  domestic violence  cases.
required to bring caseloads to a manageable level.
Finance Division, and subcommittee members.
receipt actuals have not exceeded 477.2.
authority, bringing the  department's authority to $600,000.
variation from year to year.
Amendment H DOA 1 was ADOPTED.
the most appropriate fund source.
information services fund model is required.
Representative Grenn deferred to DOA.
using  the  internal  service  fund  to  smooth  out  rates.
current because  it had been  a one-for-one  agreement (e.g.
NO further OBJECTION, Amendment GA 1 was ADOPTED.
appropriated  into   the  Information   Services  Fund.
situation where these funds would be needed.
NO further OBJECTION, Amendment H DOA 2 was ADOPTED.
the review of the FY 19 budget request.
a decrease of 67.4 percent.
The Governor did not submit any amendments.
Alaska's current and future broadband coverage.
report. The subcommittee  made no statutory recommendations.
multi-year allocation summary, and a transaction detail.
information that will result in more accurate mapping.
description [see above for detail].
report anything to the RCA at present.
regulatory or submittal to the RCA.
legislators would want. He asked  about the intent language.
amendment [Amendment  H CED 2]  got further into  the issue.
expounded there  was no mapping  of the  services available.
to raise their hand if they were not present.
advanced telecom capability in Alaska to file a report.
file a report either - the reporting would be voluntary.
interest was understanding what was and was not out there.
the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.617155
Retrieved Text: According to White House Legislative Affairs Director Marc Short, the CBO is currently scoring two Senate Obamacare replacement plans. Actually, they are the same plan but one bill includes an Amendment put forth by Sen. Mike Lee and Sen. Ted Cruz. Importantly, the Cruz-Lee Amendment is backed by the White House.
The Consumer Choice Amendment, as it is called, would allow health insurance companies to sell plans that exclude the “essential” health benefits mandated by the ACA. This would allow folks to leave things like maternity care or mental health off their plans, should they choose. These “essential” benefits are probably the primary thing running up the cost of premiums.
There is no need for every family in America to have maternity insurance. Why would an unmarried man want that? Why would a 70 year old woman need it?
Critics of the Cruz-Lee Amendment recognize the damage this silver bullet amendment could do to Obamacare as a whole. Freedom in health insurance is something liberals can’t abide. They want a one-sized-fits-all approach. This is the only way they can offer subsidized insurance to so many Americans while also providing Medicaid to millions more.
Consumers are smart with their dollars. They will gravitate toward plans that are right for them. Health insurance companies would be tempted to stop selling ACA plans altogether once the marketplace favored these plans. To quiet critics from the moderate wing of the Republican Party, Cruz and Lee cleverly added on a requirement that every insurance company still offer at least one ACA plan, before creating cheaper

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.584822
Retrieved Text: ERISA requires that benefit plans contain formal procedures for the adoption of amendments to the plan, including the underlying benefit programs. However, many employers routinely implement annual changes to their health and welfare benefit programs simply through the reissuance of benefit booklets without adhering to formal amendment procedures. A recent lawsuit brought by the Department of Labor against Macy's underscores the consequences of bypassing the ERISA amendment rule.
Macy’s health plan document stated that amendments to the plan needed to be made by a written action approved by the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), or an officer to whom the CEO delegated that authority.
As is not unusual, Macy’s made changes to its health benefit program administratively or through revisions to the benefit booklets at annual open enrollment. These routine changes were not formally approved via a written instrument executed by the CEO or his or her delegate.
The Department of Labor filed a lawsuit in federal court alleging that Macy’s breached its fiduciary duties by not following the terms of the plan, and that the benefit changes that had not been formally approved were not legally effective.
Retirement plans, such as 401(k) plans, are generally self-contained. Thus, when changes are required to be made to a retirement plan (which occur fairly infrequently), they are effected by a written document formally adopted by the employer and executed by an appropriate officer.
In contrast, health and welfare benefit plans usually are comprised of multiple documents, such as benefit booklets, summary plan descriptions and insurance certificates. These documents, taken together, form the “plan.” In

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.518501
Retrieved Text: We are in a period of intense technological change. The continued explosive growth in technology has two major effects on the scope and application of the Fourth Amendment. First, the diffusion of powerful new technologies like DNA synthesis and high-powered computing makes it far easier than ever before for ill-meaning groups or individuals to obtain powerful and destructive weapons. Regardless of who is perceived to desire such weapons, the very existence and potential use of such weapons poses a permanent and growing threat to national security. Second, with the development of new technologies, governments are finding it increasingly cheap and easy to conduct intrusive surveillance on their populations and to obtain data and information about individuals in quantities and in detail never before imagined. For both of these reasons, states are increasingly likely to adopt strategies of pervasive surveillance.
Fourth Amendment doctrine has failed to respond adequately to these trends. First, Fourth Amendment law – mainly, the so-called “third party doctrine” – fails to adequately protect privacy in light of new technology. Second, the few limits that have been placed on government use of technology threaten the ability of the state to conduct the type of surveillance necessary to effectively combat the risks posed by terrorism. The solution suggested is to shift the focus of the Fourth Amendment from its longstanding concern with acquisition of information to its use. Current practices already suggest that people generally are less concerned about revealing private information to others under appropriate circumstances than they are in ensuring that these limited disclosures

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.493774
Retrieved Text: 1. The amendment of Regulation 6, as published in Government Notice No. R. 427 of Government Gazette No. 40842, dated 12 May 2017, was an oversight. A submission was tabled for discussion at the Sectional Titles Regulations Board meetings in 2014 and 2015, for the proposed amendment of regulation 6. However, such proposal was not supported and was withdrawn at the Board's meeting in 2016.
2. The amendment to Form D and the footnotes to Forms C, F, G, H, J, O, P, Q, R, Z, AG, AH, and AO, in order to provide for reference to be made to "the description of the land as indicated on the sectional plan" appears to be problematic to implement.
3. In view of the above and pending further consideration by the Sectional Titles Regulations Board and a recommendation to the Minister for further amendments, the implementation of the amendments referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 is hereby suspended.
4. Chief Registrar's Circulars No. 7 of 2017 is hereby amended by the deletion of paragraphs 2.3 and 2.11.1.
Currently the practice in Cape Town is to insert the "township" as set out on the front page of the Sectional plans, as the suburb. No sec 4(1)(b) is needed to correct an incorrect suburb. See RC 1/2015. Uniformity in form H would make sense.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.460075
Retrieved Text: Gov. J.B. Pritzker and the Illinois General Assembly are so hellbent on taking more of Illinoisans’ hard-earned money, it is refreshing when someone pauses and offers a moment of clarity.
“The taxpayers deserve a seat at the table when it comes to negotiating tax increases,” state Sen. Dan McConchie, R-Hawthorn Woods, said Tuesday at the state capitol.
It was a simple statement, and the message itself seems obvious, but it needed to be said. Because no one is talking about taxpayers even as lawmakers propose reaching further into their wallets in a number of ways to help fund their bloated spending plans.
McConchie’s comment came during a news conference announcing a proposed constitutional amendment he filed that would require a two-thirds supermajority vote in both the state Senate and House to raise any taxes or fees on Illinoisans. Currently, only a simple majority – 50 percent plus one – is needed to raise taxes.
Before I go any further, let’s get the obvious out of the way first: This proposed constitutional amendment isn’t going anywhere. It was dead before McConchie even filed the paperwork.
Democrats who control both chambers won’t support it. McConchie knows that, even if he didn’t say so at the news conference.
But given what’s been going on in Springfield this session, the amendment’s filing and the news conference was necessary, if only to give lawmakers and taxpayers a chance to catch their collective breath.
“So far, we’ve had about $4.5 billion in new taxes that have been put forward, including income tax, bag tax, gas tax, marijuana tax, a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.457376
Retrieved Text: I live in Northern Ireland, and I am asking that you, as a government Minister, support amendment NC7 to the Northern Ireland (Executive Formation and Exercise of Functions) Bill TODAY, on Wednesday 24th October.
The vote is expected this evening at around 6pm.
This cross-party amendment does not seek to change the law in NI. It asks that, in the absence of NI Ministers, the Secretary of State issue guidance to enable civil servants to exercise their functions within the existing legal framework.
Currently, a lack of guidance has created uncertainty surrounding medical professionals' duties to report women who have procured or sought to procure their own miscarriage. As a result, vulnerable women may be too fearful to seek medical help when needed, and clinicians are forced to adopt a "don't ask, don't tell" approach when faced with a woman they suspect may have taken illegal abortion medication. This creates dangerous barriers between a woman and those caring for her.
A lack of guidance also has an impact on what healthcare professionals feel able to tell women about abortion services outside of Northern Ireland and the ability to offer a referral, which impacts particularly on women who have received the devastating news that something is wrong with a much wanted pregnancy.
This amendment asks for quarterly guidance to address matters arising from the current law on abortion that relate to the provision and management of NI public services. This amendment also asks that the Secretary of State sets out plans address the impact of the absence of NI Ministers on human

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.366356
Retrieved Text: The Congressional Budget Office will not release a score on the revised Republican health care bill on Monday as initially scheduled.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced on Saturday that he will not push through with the procedural vote to take the bill for a Senate floor debate this week after Republican Arizona Sen. John McCain said he’ll not be in Washington as he is recovering from a successful surgery.
The delay will provide the nonpartisan agency more time to calculate the impact of an amendment included by conservative senators.
Under the proposal of Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah, insurers would be allowed to offer plans that don’t meet the Title I requirement in Obamacare.
A few GOP senators were waiting for the CBO score before making a decision whether to vote for the bill.
In its initial analysis of the bill’s original version, the agency projected that 22 million more Americans would be uninsured in 2026.
GOP leadership faces an uphill battle in getting the support needed to pass the measure — with two lawmakers saying they won’t vote for the bill in its current form and several others saying they are waiting on an updated CBO report before they make a decision.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.347193
Retrieved Text: While the ongoing Federal datacenter consolidation effort certainly seems to be making progress in fits and starts, U.S. Senators Michael Bennet and Tom Coburn are attempting to give the mandate a bit more bite by legislating the consolidation process.
They are doing this by filing an amendment to the Cybersecurity Act of 2012, which is about to be considered by the full Senate. Their amendment would require that affected Federal agencies would need to submit full scale plans for their datacenter consolidations and closings. The plans would need to include hard timelines and cost savings estimates. These plans would need to be submitted to the OMB. Along with the concrete plans, there would be annual reviews for five years to assure that the various agencies were on track with their consolidation progress and a review by an appointed Inspector General to document the thoroughness of the datacenter inventories.
The OMB has been vocal in their claims that some form of legislation would be necessary to ensure the compliance and actions of all of the Federal agencies affected by the datacenter consolidation mandate, and in their most recent report were not happy with what was perceived as a lack of progress and a misrepresentation of what had been accomplished. The amendment would direct the OMB to provide regular updates to Congress on cost savings achieved and that the Government Accounting Office would continue the annual review process that is currently being used.
Unfortunately, while this amendment is at least indirectly related to the purpose of the Cybersecurity Act of 2012,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.338322
Retrieved Text: A few weeks back, I once again bumped my love for running up against my love for beer...in that I finished my office work, changed into running clothes, made an hour long run home, and participated in my first ever beer-related webcast. It was conducted by Campbell Consulting on behalf of 21st Amendment Brewery in downtown San Francisco, CA, just a few short blocks from AT&T Park (some of you might "get" that reference). Nico Freccia and Shaun O'Sullivan led the conversation between themselves and a dozen or so of what I figured were beer-related public relations, publishers, writers, bloggers, and the like...I knew some, but not all, of the participants. In other words, people that can help get the word out about the 21A's approach to canned beer. In fact, you can check out the Draft Magazine review over at their site. 21st Amendment, if you haven't heard of the brewery, is growing rapidly. Their canning operation is a partnership with Cold Spring in Minnesota, where Shaun has personally made many trips to ensure quality control over the end product. The beer from 21A can easily be found around the San Francisco Bay Area at better beer bars and retail outlets. By end of year, they're planning to be found in Sacramento and Lake Tahoe as well. Promises to come to the East Coast (for more than a Monk's dinner!) are still hoping to be honored. Canning in a more geographically-convenient location like Minnesota is central to these growth plans. Putting their product into these

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.328373
Retrieved Text: Prefabricated steel buildings are one of the most versatile structures ever created.
While they are occasionally used as a prefabricated housing option, these buildings come in many different shapes and sizes, so it’s very easy to find one that will fit the needs of any building use. Prefabricated steel buildings can be used as offices, garages, restaurants, commercial buildings, industrial complexes, storage, warehouses, and much more. Here are just a few of the ways that these buildings are so versatile.
Building a permanent structure takes a lot of work. Plans have to be drawn up, the foundation has to be laid, and then the walls go up. It takes time and can be very expensive. A prefabricated steel building, on the other hand, is much more practical. All it takes is a few minutes to create the design of the building using a computer program. This program outlines specific pre-engineered panels that can be arranged in different ways as needed. Once the design is finished (and since most of these buildings are basic rectangles, there’s really not much to the design), it’s quick and easy to put up the full structure.
Again, it costs a lot to build a permanent structure. Prefabricated steel is much cheaper to manufacture and to put up. Because it’s so easy to customize these structures, there’s no extra cost there, either.
Prefabricated steel buildings are created using a rigid-frame steel support with metal panels attached to it. This support can be modified as needed, so the building can be fairly small, such as a ten

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.31099
Retrieved Text: Yesterday was a very nice, very relaxing, very quiet day … and it was just what I needed. Tamar and Rob invited us over to relax and do nothing at their place yesterday and we jumped at the chance to just … hang out. No one cooked, no one had to life a finger … it was glorious. The weather was perfect, the company was amazing … in short, it was the best Monday ever.
The only bit of work that we did was to walk half a block to Froyo Life for some AMAZING frozen yogurt … but believe me, it was worth the effort to walk instead of having the dessert delivered. The bulk of our day was spent laying around, talking, laughing and eating … not a bad day at all, I’d say. Late last night, I met up with my BFF Jordan and we went to see the Terrance Malick film Tree of Life (review to come). After all the running around I’ve been doing in teh past few weeks, I really needed the “day off”. The fact that David and I got to enjoy our quiet day with dear friends made the day even better.
No plans for tonight!! Thank you, Jebus. Happy Tuesday!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.310064
Retrieved Text: This has to be the saddest poll number I have ever read.
Because this was the number of people that were polled that stated that the clergy should not endorse a candidate or even mention politics in pulpit.
This is sad due to a statement made by George Washington in his farewell address as well as the first amendment.
The pillars of a good government or at least a good politician is religion and morality.
Why don’t people in the clergy endorse or mention politics? Because the government has muzzled them due to the Johnson amendment.
This amendment goes against the constitution and thus against our freedom and right to worship or for that matter not to worship God as we see fit.
When you get a chance I challenge you to watch “Drums along the Mohawk” with Henry Fonda. In this movie you will see the pastor not only deliver a message but also be political and advertise.
This is the way it should be but cannot due to the Johnson amendment. This must be removed and once again allow Christianity to thrive, especially in the political arena. Where it is most desperately needed for the survival of not only this nation but the souls of its people.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.295948
Retrieved Text: The list of delays states are encountering in implementing their Race to the Top plans keeps getting longer.
Every state but Georgia has now amended its Race to the Top plan in some way, usually to push back a timeline or scale back an initiative. In all, the dozen winners from the $4 billion competition have changed their plans, so far, 25 times, according to the list of amendments approved by the U.S. Department of Education. Remember, the winners were chosen based, at least in part, on their promises in those plans.
The changes includes a 32-page amendment with dozens of changes to New York's plan, including one of the first amendments I've seen that doesn't just push back a timeline, but eliminates a small piece of the state's plan. That particular amendment eliminates a $10 million program to provide competitive grants for charter school facilities in New York, and redistributes the money across a few other programs, including a general "school innovation fund." This may—or may not—be a big deal, but it's at least worth noting.
An amendment to Maryland's plan is postponing for a year full implementation of its new teacher evaluation system to allow districts more time to pilot it. The state also is delaying a couple of teacher incentive-pay programs and scaling back some of its professional development initiatives, including summer academies that were proposed to be five days covering four content areas, but ended up being three days worth of training covering two content areas.
We've told you about these implementation delays before, and the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.253115
Retrieved Text: This would certainly be the most dramatic move made by Trump in his extreme immigration campaign, but this time targeting “anchor babies” and “chain migration.” This news however shocking is not unexpected from Trump as he has since waged war against immigrants and non- citizens of the U.S from the moment he began his administration. However, with Trump’s power to push his plan through executive action being debatable, victims of this iniquitous plan will not go down without a fight as another stand-off with the courts is anticipated to happen.
According to Trump in his interview for the “Axios on HBO” he stated that he has run the idea of ending birthright citizenship by his counsel and plans to proceed with the very controversial action, which will not go unheard in court. In his words; “It was always told to me that you needed a constitutional amendment. Guess what? You don’t,” also stating “You can definitely do it with an Act of Congress. But now they’re saying I can do it just with an executive order,” thereby confirming his power to do it by executive order.
Many U.S politicians in government and scholars believe that it is within the power of the president to change the birthright citizenship. Some members of the Conservative party have argued that the 14th Amendment has been misapplied for many years asserting that it was only intended to provide citizenship to children born in the U.S. to lawful permanent residents — not to unauthorized immigrants or those on temporary visas.
Whats your take on

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.247637
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The main health care plan in the U.S. House of Representatives would lead to an increase in the number of abortions, directly conflicting with one of President Obama&apos;s campaign goals, a U.S. representative from New Jersey believes.
Rep. Chris Smith, R-N.J., says the number of abortions would go up under the House plan because it would pay for them, not only through the government-run public option but also through the federal subsidizing of private plans.
"[I]f [Obama] does succeed and we get these ... plans promoting abortion, then ... we will see more abortions," Smith said Sept. 10 during a Family Research Council Action webcast about the health care debate. "For a man who argues he wants to see a reduction of abortions, nothing could be further from the truth."
Said FRCA President Tony Perkins, "It&apos;s only common sense that when the government pays for something it&apos;s going to get more of it."
Smith expressed frustration that Obama&apos;s public statement about abortion during his Sept. 9 address to Congress and the nation apparently conflicts with the Democratic-backed bills. During that speech Obama said under his plan "no federal dollars will be used to fund abortions," when in fact the House bill (H.R. 3200) explicitly covers abortion and details how it will be funded. Obama seems to have bought into the talking points used by supporters of the House bill, who argue that federal dollars won&apos;t be funding abortion because, under an amendment by Rep. Lois Capps, 1) abortions in a public option would be funded only by

================



======= Instance Index 14 =========
Input Text: Given that A: Your turn. B: Okay. Uh, I don't think they should abolish it. Therefore, it must be true that "they should abolish it"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.37747
Retrieved Text: The surprise victory of a Democratic Socialist in a liberal enclave in New York State has finally brought the “Abolish ICE” slogan to the forefront. And while I know a lot of Democrats who heard this and said “hell yeah, abolish ICE,” it’s spooked some others. So I think we need to have a chat about that.
Not about abolishing ICE. If you are a Democrat and you don’t think we should abolish ICE you have some homework to do. I don’t want to rehash that topic here because frankly reading articles about ICE activities for, like, it’s entire fifteen years of existence ought to give you enough justification. Ya’ll are Democrats, I am sure you can read a newspaper.
If your reaction is “hey, we should abolish ICE but can we not talk about it because it will scare away Democratic voters and we really need to win the midterm elections,” then you are the person I want to chat with.
So stick with me for a moment here. Imagine in your head someone who has seen the news for the last couple of week or so. The child separations at the border. The right-wingers insisting asylum seekers are somehow lawbreakers. The apparently intentional destruction of documentation linking parents to children so they can be reunited. The growing suspicion that these children were taken to be passed out among Christian adoption agencies which would seem like a whacked-out conspiracy theory if American authorities at the border weren’t telling parents “hey, your child is going to be put up

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.15323
Retrieved Text: ¡Abolir la Migra Asesina; Abolir los muros de apartheid!
Abolish the Racist Border Patrol; Abolish the Apartheid Border Wall!
WHY SHOULD YOU JOIN UNION DEL BARRIO?
SOMEONE IS PAINTING ELECTRIC BOXES IN SOUTH CENTRAL LOS ANGELES AND THEY LOOK AMAZING!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.587782
Retrieved Text: “Abolish ICE” isn’t a solution, argues my colleague Ed Morrissey at the Daily Beast today, it’s a slogan. Indeed, and that’s being generous. It started as a Twitter hashtag, per HuffPost. As the phrase started showing up more online, desperate opportunists like Kirsten Gillibrand who are looking for an angle to shore up their left flank in the 2020 primaries glommed onto it. Just like that, the hashtag #AbolishICE had become the slogan “Abolish ICE,” which had in turn become a semi-serious policy proposed by a semi-serious U.S. senator. And once it did, other supposedly serious 2020 contenders had to keep pace with Gillibrand by proposing it too.
If there was any chance of putting the genie back in the bottle, it evaporated when Joe Crowley lost his primary to socialist wunderkind Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, who’s also called for abolishing ICE. Progressives have spent two years grumbling that “Bernie would have won,” their rebuke to the centrist Dems who warned them during the 2016 primaries that Sanders couldn’t get elected only to find that, ah, Hillary couldn’t get elected either. The left is done being told that their ideas can’t succeed electorally. Ocasio-Cortez’s win reinforces that belief. How can “abolish ICE” be an electoral loser when she just shocked the world?
Three-quarters of Republicans and a solid majority of Democrats oppose disbanding the agency. How we reconcile that with the far more tepid numbers in HuffPost’s poll, I don’t know. The questions asked by the two pollsters are similar enough that the wording shouldn’t affect the result dramatically. It’s

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.579971
Retrieved Text: The UN is a totally corrupt dis-Organisation. So nothing positive will ever come out of their “conferences”.
Human personal short term interests will make sure nothing is ever done to mitigate Global Warming .
The Metalhydrates in the oceans will continue to bleed into the atmosphere.
Why “conferences” with quotes? Are they actually something else in disguise? Like a bar-b-que or a dance party?
I think it is more like spring break at Daytona Beach.
They even used diesel generators to provide power 24/7, talk about a carbon foot print.
Current climate shift may be past the tipping point. While this shift may not be solely induced by human activity…continued air/ground/water pollution and massive carbon releases into the environment may be accelerating this shift.
UN process is akin to a group of people debating how to put out a fire in the most economical fashion as the house is burning to the ground. Pathetic leadership on so many levels.
Since the global temperature has changed nothing at all during the last two decades, it is especially important to now abolish all rocket launchers since they spew out gasses which contribute to this catastrophic non-change in the global temperatures. The green movement, a mixture of islamists and climate change believers, require that all astronomy and space flight is abolished immediately. Can you imagine how many poor animals must be killed in order to build one of them rockets?
Someone forgot to take their anti-delusional medicine today.
Lets see now. The temperature hasn’t increased at all since the late 1990’s. Is that true or not? Do I know

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.667
Retrieved Text: abolish → abroad abolish (revoke, put an end to): But the government ought to abolish income tax for the low-paid.
abominable (extremely unpleasant or bad): The sanitary conditions in this area are abominable.
abominate (to dislike strongly): Of course, we abominate cruelty of all kinds.
abort (to stop or fail something before it is completed): The plan was aborted at the last minute.
abort (to end a pregnancy prematurely): They also decided not to abort the pregnancy.
above (at or to a higher position): Our plane was flying in fact above the clouds.
abroad (out of the country): He have worked abroad for years.
abolish → abroad: Click on the title to read more.
to visit tһis web site, it contains hеlpful Information.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.651796
Retrieved Text: DOCTORS' leaders and patients' groups in Wales last night called on the Assembly to abolish car parking charges at hospitals.
DOCTORS&apos; leaders and patients&apos; groups in Wales last night called on the Assembly to abolish car parking charges at hospitals.
The British Medical Association Cymru denounced the charges as a "stealth tax on the sick".
At least aquarter of Welsh hospital trusts are now drawing a six-figure income from parking charges, the BMA said.
Welsh Secretary of the BMA, Dr Richard Lewis said: "Charging people to park at hospitals is an indirect tax on healthcare.
"It&apos;s iniquitous that they have to pay to access hospital care.
"This stealth tax is immoral and reprehensible."
Many NHS trusts contractedout management of parking to private companies, such as Glan Clwyd at Bodelwyddan, where staff launched protests over charges last year.
Jonathan Osborne, chairman of the BMA&apos;s joint consultant committee and an ear, nose and throat surgeon in Glan Clwyd, said: "Car parking charges in hospitals penalise patients and staff on low incomes, and communities in rural areas where there is no effective public transport. They should be abolished in Wales."
Chairman of the BMA&apos;s Welsh Council Dr Tony Calland said: "Welsh hospital car parking charges are a tax on the sickest patients and their relatives."
Dr Victor Aziz, a consultant psychiatrist said: "If we abolish prescription charges, we should also abolish car park charges and make life easy for people living in Wales".
Swansea NHS Trust last year made more than £1m from parking charges, resulting in a profit of £443,810.
Bro Morgannwg NHS Trust&apos;s income from car parking last year

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.526169
Retrieved Text: Donald Trump has come under fire after suggesting that "Second Amendment people" could "stop" Hillary Clinton.
His comments, made at a rally in Wilmington, North Carolina on Tuesday afternoon, come after the billionaire's repeated claims that Clinton wants to abolish the right to bear arms.
POLL: Do You Think Trump's Comments About the Second Amendment Were a Threat to Hillary Clinton's Life?
"Hillary wants to abolish, essentially abolish the Second Amendment," he said. "By the way, and if she gets to pick, if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know."
Some saw the comments as a call for violence against the Democratic candidate.
Her vice presidential nominee, Tim Kaine, expressed his shock in a radio interview.
"There is absolutely no place, there should be no place in our politics for somebody who wants to be a leader to say something even in an offhand way that is connected to inciting violence," he said.
On Tuesday night, House Speaker Paul Ryan urged Trump to clarify the comments.
"It sounds like just a joke gone bad. I hope he clears it up very quickly," he told a reporter. "You should never joke about something like that."

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.492163
Retrieved Text: Should the House Express Support For ICE Personnel?
Abolishing ICE is not a personal attack on our brave men and women who serve in law enforcement, it is an acknowledgement of a system that is dysfunctional and harmful. Good men and women struggle to do their job when the system they work in is broken. Abolish ICE, fix the system, and let our men and women do the job they are capable of doing.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.278542
Retrieved Text: Two House Democrats are calling to abolish the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency in response to the Trump administration’s “zero-tolerance policy” cracking down on illegal immigration.
“The heartless actions of this abused agency do not represent the values of our nation, and the U.S. must develop a more humane immigration system, one that treats every person with dignity and respect,” Pocan said in a statement introducing the legislation.
Rep. Earl Blumenauer (D-OR) also called for abolishing ICE on Sunday, citing the agency’s policy of detaining migrant children.
“We should abolish ICE and start over, focusing on our priorities to protect our families and our borders in a humane and thoughtful fashion,” Blumenauer wrote in a Medium post published Sunday.
“Now is the time for immigration reform that ensures people are treated with compassion and respect. Not only because it is the moral thing to do, but it’s better policy and will cost less,” he continued.
Blumenauer had long criticized the agency before its founding. In 2002, he voted against the creation of the agency under the Bush administration.
Although some Democratic lawmakers have always called for getting rid of the immigration agency, many calls to abolish ICE have come from a number of left-wing advocacy groups.
In March, 350 pro-amnesty, pro-open borders groups called on Democratic senators to slash funding for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in the 2018 omnibus bill.
Despite all the calls to abolish ICE over its separation of family units, the agency has taken steps as part of the “zero-tolerance” initiative to reunite families separated at the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.252388
Retrieved Text: Google analytics “referral” spam is a accepted botheration with webmasters – generally seeing 100′s of visitors from assorted sources, alone to apprehend the majority of them are either affected or illegal.
Whilst it’s difficult to “block” this cartage through your website (and you’d charge to do this through your web hosting software), it’s almost simple to get rid of it from your Google Analytics reports.
To do this, there are two appearance you charge to use. The aboriginal is the “Filters” affection of GA. This allows you to abolish any approaching affected barometer cartage from your reports. The additional is the “Segments” affection – which basically allows you to abolish the assorted “fake” spam visitors from your accepted reports.
The majority of “SPAM” cartage comes from bots. These are well-documented (they’re accepted as barometer spam, log spam or referrer bombing) – and basically plan by the spammer sending affected requests to a website in the achievement that their barometer advice (typically including some array of commercial message) will be republished by the ambition website. The convenance is frequently associated with spam farms and affected virus creators. Unfortunately, it’s decidedly accustomed with Google Analytics users (where the spammer may not even admission the ambition site).
This will abolish the affected cartage from the specific domains listed in your filter.
However, you aswell charge to add a amount of added filters to get rid of the swathes of affected cartage biting the net.
This removes the better amount of “fake” websites that about flood the “referrals” letters on Analytics. Whilst not essential, it will

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.13546
Retrieved Text: Well. Another government intervention gone awry. “If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.” Of course. Any time we have liberal government workers just sitting around, trying to figure out how to mess up this nation, they do succeed. They have never seen anything that works, that they perceive as broken and in need of fixing. That’s why I quit working for the government after 9 years of pure frustration, and decided to go private. I agree with you, Tom. Leave it up to the individual states.
Congress should abolish the federal minimum remuneration and leave it up to item-by-item states, who can better recognize the economical wallop based on local toll of aliveness standards.
It’s like the honest-to-god proverb says, “The route to snake pit is paved with full intentions.
Talk about common sense! Thanks for writing.
I have b/c jaded in my old age. I wonder if the $15/hr thing wasnt a way to create yet MORE welfare dependent people.What better way to ensure that low skilled people who prefer work arent able to and must give up their pride and take the gvt check instead of the preferred paycheck? In my clan, we preferred to work for our meager slice of pie than be on the dole…even when the dole would allow us to live a little better standard of living.
Once again proving that the real minimum wage is $0.
Congress should abolish the federal minimum wage and leave it up to individual states, who can better discern the economic impact based on local cost of living standards.
Everything liberals

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.947214
Retrieved Text: Some harmful practices may be recognized as an injury that gives rise to civil liability.
Legislation should allow civil lawsuits against perpetrators of harmful practices.
Legislation should abolish any obstacles that prevent girls or their parents or guardians, or women from bringing civil lawsuits against a family member who is a perpetrator.
Legislation should abolish any requirement that the consent of a husband or other family member be obtained in order to bring a civil lawsuit.
Legislation should allow survivors/complainants to bring civil lawsuits against governmental or non-governmental parties for not exercising due diligence to prevent, investigate or punish harmful practices.
Legislation should allow survivors/complainants to bring civil lawsuits on the basis of anti-discrimination laws, human rights provisions, or civil rights laws.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.882502
Retrieved Text: Both sides of politics are committed to retaining negative gearing, a senior federal politician has revealed.
Shadow Treasurer Chris Bowen, speaking on ABC television, said the possibility of negative gearing being scrapped was a discussion the nation needed to have.
“There is a real housing affordability problem in Australia and we need to look at all the options on the table,” Mr Bowen said.
Treasurer Joe Hockey said it was a cheap shot to say politicians didn't want to abolish negative gearing because they owned too many investment properties.
“The main issue about negative gearing is this: if you abolish negative gearing on investment properties, there’s a strong argument that rents would increase,” Mr Hockey said on ABC television.
However, Grattan Institute chief executive John Daley said the evidence shows rents did not rise everywhere when negative gearing was abolished during 1985 – 1987.
“You look beyond Sydney and the answer is rents barely moved in Brisbane, didn’t go up very far in Melbourne, didn’t go up very far in Adelaide,” Mr Daley said.
Economic theory suggests the abolition of negative gearing should not lead to higher rents, Mr Daley said.
“What happens at the auction is that the investor doesn’t win the auction, but someone who wants to live in the house does,” he said.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.836132
Retrieved Text: Should any political party attempt to abolish social security, unemployment insurance, and eliminate labor laws and farm programs, you would not hear of that party again in our political history. There is a tiny splinter group, of course, that believes you can do these things. Among them are a few Texas oil millionaires,and an occasional politician or business man from other areas. Their number is negligible and they are stupid.
Click here for the answer. I think it will surprise you. It did me. I thought it was Howard Dean.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.819088
Retrieved Text: The protest participants picketed outside the headquarters of the Ukrainian Cabinet of Ministers and the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine to protest against high tariffs of utility services and to demand an increase in teachers’ salaries.
With salaries remaining the same, people were appalled by the increase of the tariffs. In its turn, the Ukrainian Government suggested the population to request for subsidies.
The education trade union noted that teachers should not have to stand in queues to obtain subsidies that are provided for people in need. Teachers are qualified employees and they should not be held hostage to extremely high utility tariffs. Thus, their salaries should allow them to meet the needs of their families, rather than to beg the Government for charity.
According to statements made by the Ukrainian Prime Minister, Volodymyr Groysman, teachers’ salaries are expected to increase by 20-30% in 2017, while the minimum wage is to be doubled.
The education trade union’s affiliates stated that, as a whole, the government’s intentions could be seen as a positive step. However, there could be no pay reform if the government does not allow to lift the stagnation of salaries and significantly increases salaries.
– to lift the restrictions on the payment of pensions to re-employed retirees; to abolish the mandatory retirement age; to abolish stage wise increase of seniority for retirement.
The representatives of demonstrators met with the Ukrainian Prime Minister, Volodymyr Groysman, where they handed him the participants’ demands.
The next All-Ukrainian protest action that will bring together representatives from all sectors is scheduled on 17 November 2016.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.72145
Retrieved Text: NZ First has set new standards in hypocrisy in campaigning to abolish the Māori seats but now voting for a Bill that entrenches them, National’s Electoral law spokesperson Nick Smith says.
“NZ First MP’s are total hypocrites. You cannot go to the electorate promising to abolish the Māori Seats and then vote for a Bill that entrenches them.
“The NZ First policy to abolish the Māori seats was announced as a bottom line of the party by Winston Peters who described them as ‘separatism’, that they ‘had had their day’ and ‘had to go’.
“NZ First has attempted to hide it’s nakedness on this issue with a fig leaf claiming it will introduce an amendment to the Bill providing a referendum on abolition. This is out of scope under Parliament’s rules and prohibited.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.60976
Retrieved Text: Since it might be difficult for the elderly or infirm to use pogo sticks it is proposed that "Pogo" zimmer frames will be provided for them.
1. Should we abolish time zones?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.592806
Retrieved Text: "Ed Miliband's non-dom crackdown is 'cataclysmic'" warned a recent headline in The Telegraph, following the Labour leader's announcement of his plan to abolish non-domiciled tax status should he become Prime Minister. As Labour pointed out on Twitter, William Pitt the Younger created non-dom tax status in 1799 during the Napoleonic Wars (the year income tax was introduced).
Currently, wealthy people living in the UK but "domiciled" (ie having their permanent home) elsewhere can apply for non-dom status to avoid paying UK tax on overseas earnings and capital gains. They only pay tax on "money entering Britain" or sums below £2,000 in the tax year.
According to The Independent: "For a flat annual charge of £30,000-£50,000 it is possible to opt out of tax on overseas earnings. The arrangement is used by the international super-rich and can lead to dramatically reduced tax bills for those with businesses registered in low-tax jurisdictions."
During a speech at the University of Warwick on 8 April Miliband said: "Why should people be able to enjoy all the virtues of our great country and not pay tax like everyone else? Why should there be one rule for some people and another rule for everyone else? It isn't just. It holds Britain back. The next Labour government will abolish the non-dom rule."
According to The Telegraph: "Tens of thousands of entrepreneurs and business leaders will leave Britain because of Labour's 'cataclysmic' plans to scrap the 'non-dom' tax status, experts have warned. Leading tax barristers warned that 30,000 of Britain's 115,000 foreign investors could leave Britain in the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.452896
Retrieved Text: The new Minister for Social Services has signaled a welcome change of tack on the Australian Charities and Not-for-Profits Commission. But instead of putting off plans to scrap the commission indefinitely, it would be better to just walk away from the idea altogether.
Labor welcomes Scott Morrison’s announcement that he will not make scrapping the Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission a priority in his new Social Services portfolio. But if he is really listening to the charities sector, he should walk away from his predecessor’s plan to abolish it altogether.
The Abbott Government had previously committed to axing the commission, which was set up by Labor in 2012 to protect Australians from scammers and streamline charity regulation.
Under former Social Services Minister Kevin Andrews, Australia’s charities endured months of uncertainty as the minister pushed through a Senate inquiry and endless consultations on what should replace the commission.
Despite his best efforts to undermine the charities regulator, every consultation, study and report found the same thing: charities want to keep the commission.
Pro Bono Australia’s surveys of charities show that four out of five support the charities commission, and virtually none like the idea of handing charities regulation back to the tax office.
Advocates such as World Vision’s Tim Costello and David Crosbie from the Community Council of Australia have been particularly vocal about the need to keep the charities regulator.
Last year, they joined more than 40 major Australian charities – including the RSPCA, Lifeline and Volunteering Australia – in writing an open letter to the Prime Minister which called for the commission

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.37949
Retrieved Text: Denationalise the BBC; abolish the TV licence.
The BBC should be denationalised, with shares being offered to the public. The licence fee, a regressive tax that hits the poor the hardest, can then be abolished. Privatisation would also reduce the budget deficit somewhat.
The BBC is often accused of political bias. The quality of programming is dubious, both news programming and entertainment programming having been dumbed down over successive decades. Like all publicly-owned institutions, the BBC also likes to waste money. We are a democratic nation; we are also a nation that boasts a fairly large number of private broadcasters, none of which comes across as less professional than the BBC. The TV licence is as unfair and as out of place as an Internet licence, for example, would be. That we should have to pay the BBC in order to watch ITV is ridiculous.
3 Responses to Denationalise the BBC; abolish the TV licence.
There is no need to pay the TV licence anymore. Just watch your TV via computer on catchup. TV licence is only needed if you are watching or recording live TV. Speak to the licence people if you are unsure and they will confirm.
too true BBC should be denationalized and the advertising slots would be cheaper making products cheaper win win situation. government make money out of fines legal thievery again.
I could not agree with this anymore. Why should you have to pay the BBC for turning on your TV and watching other channels, the BBC should be a opt in or pay per view

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.28502
Retrieved Text: The Government’s National Insurance holiday scheme is a "total flop", according to Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer Ed Balls. The scheme, which exempts small firms (those with 10 or fewer staff) from having to pay National Insurance for a 12 month period, has attracted just 5,000 registrations out of a total of 400,000 expected to benefit from the scheme.
"George Osborne hailed this flagship policy last year saying it could create 800,000 private sector jobs. But it's turned out to be a total flop with just 1 per cent of the 400,000 businesses George Osborne said would benefit taking advantage".
This should come as no surprise. The scheme only applies for 12 months and doesn't apply in the areas most likely to generate new business; London, the South East and Eastern regions of England. As I wrote back in February, the Chancellor should learn from the mistakes of his predecessors and abandon the doomed-to-failure micro-managing from his Whitehall citadel.
[caption id="attachment_39513" align="alignright" width="240" caption="Scheme "a total flop" says Balls"] [/caption]Back in February, the Treasury said it was "too early to tell" if the scheme was working. Now they say they are taking steps to "improve" the scheme and encourage more participation. It's not too early to tell, now. The scheme has failed. But as the Treasury are in the mood for taking steps to improve the scheme, here's a suggestion: reverse the rise you implemented in April.
National Insurance is among the worst forms of taxation in the current tax code. Outmoded, complex and arcane, National Insurance is a tax

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.164543
Retrieved Text: Is It Time To Abolish Middle Management?
"As organizations have found ways to recover from the global recession and remain competitive, the costs of a significant management structure becomes questionable. Some would argue that middle management is not longer necessary and should be abolished."

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.142395
Retrieved Text: Hitting out at Congress president Rahul Gandhi over his party's promise to abolish sedition law, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray said that he will not be allowed to come to power by supporting 'traitors'.
Uddhav was addressing an election rally at Kalmeshwar in support of Shiv Sena's Ramtek constituency candidate Krupal Tumane.
"But, I want to ask why have 'Maha Aghadi' come together who have conflicts between them. Who are these people? Our dream is for the country, what about you? Your dream is only power. Our prime minister will be Narendra Modi tomorrow also. And I want to ask the opposition to announce one name for the PM's post," said Uddhav.
Uddhav also took a potshot at Congress' promise in its manifesto to abolish the sedition law.
"Do you agree with this?... Anyone who commits treason should be hanged," he said.
"If Rahul Gandhi thinks he will come to power by supporting traitors, we will not let it happen," he added.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.10043
Retrieved Text: MIAMI — Donald Trump on Friday wondered aloud what would happen to Hillary Clinton should her Secret Service detail disarm.
“Take their guns away, OK? It’ll be very dangerous,” he added.
Trump’s comment, which came as he criticized Clinton over gun rights, is not the first time he has called for Clinton’s Secret Service detail to “disarm.” But it is the first time he has wondered aloud what would happen to her should she suddenly be deprived of armed protection.
The Secret Service declined to comment on Trump’s remark, spokeswoman Catherine Milhoan said.
Several federal law enforcement officials told CNN there is concern Trump’s rhetoric could lead to a Secret Service or law enforcement officer getting shot or killed. They feel the consequences could be borne by people who protect Clinton and are first in line if someone makes an attempt on her life.
Trump argued Friday that he would be a staunch defender of the Second Amendment and said that Clinton would “destroy” the right to bear arms. Clinton has called for tightening access to guns, including instating universal background checks, but has never suggested she would seek to do away with the Second Amendment.
Trump made a similar comment after he accepted the National Rifle Association’s endorsement last spring.
“They should immediately disarm and let’s see how good they do. Let’s see how they feel walking around without their guns or their body guards,” Trump said of Clinton and her Secret Service detail during his speech to the gun lobby conference in May.
Trump doesn’t allow guns at his rallies and his

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.095894
Retrieved Text: Central Banks: Reform or Abolish?
Advocates of central bank reform must examine why central banks emerged and what forces sustain them. They did not arise in an institutional vacuum, and will not be reformed in an institutional vacuum. The historical origins of central banks explain how they came into existence. The forces sustaining and feeding their growth may differ from those explaining their origin.
Plans to abolish central banks constitute an extreme reform. It is doubtful that such plans can succeed without broader institutional change, occurring either first or simultaneously. That is likely true regardless of the strength of evidence on central bank performance. I examine these issues in what follows.
Gerald P. O’Driscoll is a Senior Fellow at the Cato Institute.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.07828
Retrieved Text: Abolish Slavery Coalition No ratings yet.
Is hailed by Passport 2 Freedom – “Abolish Slavery is a leading human rights organization fighting modern-day slavery worldwide.
If you are a representative of Abolish Slavery Coalition, please register. We can then have this organization assigned to your account, so you can edit it in the future.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.023382
Retrieved Text: The bottom line is that if we abolish fees altogether then we need to find funding for the universities, and that would need to come from tax revenue. Labour should at least consider whether fees should still be a component of funding. We can't just have a wish list of state funding without knowing the costs and how they would be met. We should at least consider whether there is a sweet level of fees that would help raise revenue without being a deterrent to poorer students entering higher education.
The expansion of universities and the numbers of students put a considerable strain on universities. There has been a huge expansion of student numbers. This is good, particularly if it is broadening access and opportunities. But it needs funding.
Funding from fees now makes up a substantial amount (47%) of university funding. The government has systematically reduced the amount of direct funding for universities in England and Wales. One alternative would be a graduate tax, but it is not clear this would raise sufficient revenue to replace the funding from fees, or if it could be imposed fairly. The universities need funding up front, not at some time in the future when graduates start earning sufficient to pay a premium tax rate.
Those who advocate abolishing fees altogether must come up with alternative funding. We could make it a priority to increase direct funding, but it competes with the need to fund the NHS and social care. I have yet to see any real costed alternative. We need to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.928834
Retrieved Text: Reverse discrimination and free movement of persons under Community law: all for Ulysses, nothing for Penelope?
This article aims to address the so-called purely internal rule in the area of the free movement of persons, as well as the issue of reverse discrimination. It is submitted that problems relating to such issues should be resolved at European level, especially when they arise from the constitutional division of powers between intrastate entities, as illustrated in the Flemish Welfare Aid case. In such cases, the existence of a cross-border element should be assessed at regional level, in order to take account of the growing trend towards regional devolution and to ensure the effet utile of Community law. In addition, the Treaty provisions on Union citizenship could be invoked to abolish the requirement of a cross-border link, thereby eliminating any kind of reverse discrimination.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.912695
Retrieved Text: E-browse.com is a noxious System infection which is especially programmed by the criminal hackers in order to inject and displays intrusive advertisements on your computer screen. It infiltrates the popular Chrome and embeds them with some promotional content of various shapes and sizes. Besides, it causes modifications in browser’s settings. Such threat starts their malicious activities from altering the browser’s start page, default search engine, and new tab page. As soon as the virus finishes these modifications, it gets the ability to reroute PC users to predetermined domains that are trying to increase their popularity.
In addition to that, E-browse.com blocks the victim’s access to the Windows 8 and then demands to pay ransom money. Once it infiltrates the targeted machine, it finds the mostly used computer files and encrypts them. Usually, this infection is used for stealing user’s personal information, spreading other destructive viruses and simply disrupting system’s performance. Cyber offenders can use the malware for getting an unauthorized remote access to a compromised System. That is why, you should rely on a credible anti-malware shield in order to protect your system from threat infiltration. If the virus already infects your PC, then you should Abolish E-browse.com Tips For from your system.
E-browse.com may travel along with freewares and sharewares.
E-browse.com may display all kind of intrusive advertisements on your system screen.
Now, you can find E-browse.com and Abolish it as soon as possible.
Then after, the System will start in Safe Mode with Networking and you can identify and remove E-browse.com without any delay.
Tap on Processes tab and identify

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.906916
Retrieved Text: Bvhost.exe is a noxious OS infection which is especially programmed by the criminal hackers in order to inject and displays intrusive advertisements on your computer screen. It infiltrates the popular Chrome and embeds them with some promotional content of various shapes and sizes. Besides, it causes modifications in browser’s settings. Such threat starts their malicious activities from altering the browser’s start page, default search engine, and new tab page. As soon as the virus finishes these modifications, it gets the ability to reroute PC users to predetermined domains that are trying to increase their popularity.
In addition to that, Bvhost.exe blocks the victim’s access to the Windows 2000 and then demands to pay ransom money. Once it infiltrates the targeted machine, it finds the mostly used computer files and encrypts them. Usually, this infection is used for stealing user’s personal information, spreading other destructive viruses and simply disrupting system’s performance. Cyber offenders can use the malware for getting an unauthorized remote access to a compromised OS. That is why, you should rely on a credible anti-malware shield in order to protect your system from threat infiltration. If the virus already infects your PC, then you should Abolish Bvhost.exe Assistance For from your system.
Bvhost.exe may travel along with freewares and sharewares.
Bvhost.exe may display all kind of intrusive advertisements on your system screen.
Now, you can find Bvhost.exe and Abolish it as soon as possible.
Then after, the OS will start in Safe Mode with Networking and you can identify and remove Bvhost.exe without any delay.
Tap on Processes tab and identify

================



======= Instance Index 21 =========
Input Text: Given that A: Okay. So Frank, what, uh, type of, uh, budget do you or your family have? B: Well, uh I don't know that we really have a budget. Therefore, it must be true that "he and his family really have a budget"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.62782
Retrieved Text: We helped our client to renovate her lovely conservation area property into a fun family home. As the family were moving from France, there was a time pressure to complete works prior to the school year. Our knowledge of our sector helped a family who didn’t know many suppliers or who to trust. We helped with the design throughout the property and have been recently contacted for further works to expand!
We have used Sam’s company last year. Sam helped us design our new home including reupholstering sofas and chairs, colour coordinating, designing wardrobes with LEDs, framing photos, choosing wood floor and providing general design advice. I find that Sam has both practical and lovely ideas and a very good design sense. Sam is friendly, always available, on time and always tries to work on budget. Sam also uses 3D design software which really helps understanding how everything fits together.
I would highly recommend him for his original ideas, his trustworthiness but also for the fact that he always tries to accommodate his design suggestions with the clients own personal taste and budget.
Sam is a serious young professional who deserves to be successful.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.35112
Retrieved Text: After he leaves your troop, a Scout might never cook over a campfire, hike into the wilderness or use CPR to save a life. But he will undoubtedly need to manage his time and money. How effectively he does that could depend on what he learns from the Personal Management merit badge.
For t ips on teaching this important badge, Scouting talked with Mark Pellegrino of Yardley, Pa., a CPA who’s been counseling the badge for 35 years. Here are his top tips.
Requirement 2 has the Scout prepare a budget of expected income, expenses and savings, and then track those categories over a 13-week period. Pellegrino says this requirement is essentially meaningless if the Scout doesn’t have a job and if his parents pay his way for everything. In such cases — which seem to be becoming more frequent — Pellegrino encourages the parents to temporarily stop covering certain expenses, like school lunch fees, and instead to pay the Scout for doing his chores.
“I want to make sure they have enough expenses and enough leeway and enough decision-making capability that they understand their choices are going to affect what may happen,” he says.
Pellegrino also says it’s important for Scouts to turn in their proposed budgets before they start keeping records. Years ago, one Scout didn’t do that because he didn’t understand that a budget is a planning document, not a money diary.
“I want to make sure you didn’t do 13 weeks and then backfill the budget,” Pellegrino says.
The badge’s first requirement has the Scout write a plan

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.147823
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said Thursday he wants the federal government to continue funding Special Olympics, an abrupt reversal from his own budget proposal that eliminated federal money for the charity and sparked bipartisan condemnation.
His statement on the South Lawn of the White House came after his education secretary, Betsy DeVos, a native of Holland, spent three days defending the proposal, most recently at a contentious Senate hearing Thursday morning.
"The Special Olympics will be funded," Trump told reporters. "I just told my people, I want to fund the Special Olympics. . . . I've been to the Special Olympics - I think it's incredible, and I just authorized a funding."
"I have overridden my people," he said.
While Trump said he was authorizing Special Olympics funding, that decision resides with Congress.
DeVos said in a statement that she welcomed the reversal and that she had fought behind the scenes to maintain the funding. An aide said she had been overruled by the White House Office of Management and Budget.
Supporters posted photos of family members' medals earned at Special Olympics. Others contrasted the money spent on the program to Trump's request for a border wall and the price of DeVos' family yacht.
The dramatic reversal on Special Olympics funding is one of the first signs that Trump is beginning to feel pressure for some of the sweeping austerity measures he's proposed, with little support from Capitol Hill.
There seems to be a growing awareness within the White House that some of these proposed cuts could emerge as major liabilities on the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.79535
Retrieved Text: Come see us, or give us a call today at 573-446-1600!
We specialize in treating the entire family–from babies six months and older to seniors of all ages. We focus on finding the perfect glasses or contact lenses for your vision, style, and budget, while also striving to create long lasting relationships with our patients. We genuinely care about the health of our patients’ eyes. For an eye doctor that will be great for the whole family, visit Family Focus Eyecare–where the focus is on you.
Our products include a wide array of frames, eyeglasses, and sunglasses. We have eyeglasses to suit the needs of anyone, no matter your age, style, or budget. In addition, we also offer contact lenses. Our goal is to fit you with the perfect contacts that are comfortable, effective, and affordable by offering contacts from a number of quality brands that our patients can choose from.
Dr. Rich has a really awesome office with top designer brands and is highly intelligent. Their office features all kinds of extra perks like cookies and prizes for kids. A great family optometrist!
I’ve gotten glasses, sunglasses, and contact lenses at Family Focus Eyecare, and I couldn’t be happier! The staff is amazing and incredibly helpful! Dr. Rich loves what he does and truly cares about his patients. I will definitely be coming back and recommend Family Focus Eyecare to everyone!!
Dr Rich has been very helpful at accommodating my short notice bookings. I work down in Texas and I usually don’t have much notice that I’ll be back in

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.619356
Retrieved Text: Hosts Shelley Ferguson and Peter Wolfkamp work with contestants competing with each other to find the best properties. Each episode sees Ferguson and Wolfkamp work with two prospective buyers, presenting them with three housing options and highlighting the advantages and disadvantages of each. We follow individuals, couples and families in a range of situations, from first-home buyers to investors or empty nesters.
Stacey & Dave Humphrey live in West Auckland. They have 3 young children and a couple of dogs and theyre a very active sporty family who love being outside. They are looking for their forever home - a place they can live in until the kids leave home. Their current house is too small, so theyre looking for 4 bedrooms, a decent lawn, want to stay in the Henderson/West Auckland area.. Their budget is $900,000. They feel under some pressure because prices keep going up. Theyve been looking for a year.
Terry & Lesley Beech are a Hamilton couple in their 50s, baby-boomers whose children have left home and they want to move/downsize. Their budget is $1 million. They dont want a lifestyle block but they want a bit of a garden, and they each want their own space for their hobbies. They are classic boomers - theyre fussy and feel that theyve earned the right to have something nice but they dont really know what it is.
Bruce Lines is a Nelson man, an underwater diver specialising in salvage and inspection work. He wants an investment property to provide passive income while he travels the world

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.269726
Retrieved Text: I put in everything month by month for the year, and I know Oct - Dec is off, because I pretty much went off my 9 months data in Quicken. I didn't even put in christmas - too depressing. IT is just possible christmas cash received will be greater than christmas purchases, so we'll wing it for now.
With that I had a $1k loss for the year, but lately the in-laws have been pretty generous and throwing $1k at us here and there. It will cover it.
It's super depressing because rates on everything seem to raise come January. Just hope I get a raise to cover inflation.
I didn't detail the clothes and DVDs, etc. we buy every year and just threw in $300/month. THat is just for everything I didn't have categorized really - probably more than sufficient. Throw in vacation to that category too. I put 0 on the vacation budget because this last year we went to Vegas and HAwaii (Hawaii was paid for but we still spent $500 - on food mostly). If we can't afford to go anywhere to stay in budget, so be it. We had a good run this year.
I skimmed through the budget and all I Saw was insurance and gas (to drive to work) and stuff that just can not be cut. I decided in the meantime we just can't save a dime. Yes, the gardener, the preschool, and the cable all stand out as not necessity. BUT they are necessities to our sanity. There is just no

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.249075
Retrieved Text: The “Poker Life Podcast” which is hosted by Joe Ingram shares his 2016 WSOP experiences as well as the high success of his show.
The Player who finished thirty-ninth in the three-thousand Six Max Pot Limit Omaha at the 2016 WSOP would normally be of little interest to any poker fan except maybe the player’s family and friends. But, when the host of “Poker Life Podcast” Joe Ingram who is also known as “JoeyIngram1,” Chicago Joey,” as well as “Apex Papi” updated his status on his social media site after he busted in the 39th place in a game on Sunday night, it is most likely to put a bit of stress on those servers.
Within the past 2 ½ years, Joe has established a very tiny very low budget YouTube based podcast, which is about the pot-limit Omaha cash game play into one of the most informative, entertaining, as well as watched shows that is based on Poker as well as Life on the internet currently.
Joe Ingram was not always this famous, but now when this host speaks the poker world listens. Joe stated that he thinks when you starts something like a podcast, you always dream that it will get really big, or it could become really popular, but truthfully you really never know what is going to come of it. He believes that his audience has grown to be so big due to the fact that there is not another Podcast out there like it.
When Joe started to have guest on his Podcast, and the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.211023
Retrieved Text: Bill was referred to me by a workmate and I am glad a made the call to Basements by Ballantyne.
Talk about a painless renovation. It's not easy to find a professional that puts as much into his work as Bill does. I was amazed at how Bill went the extra mile in both materials and time to do the job right. I think it helps that Bill does most of the work himself and therefore does not have to rely on other contractors putting as much effort into the job as he does. I can honestly say I am 100% satisfied with Bills work.
If you are looking to have your basement finished right, worry free, on budget and with no surprises (other than amazing work) than call Bill at Basements by Ballantyne.
It was a pleasure to work for Ken and his wife. They had very specific ideas, we worked together on fine tuning the concept and then made it a reality. There were some items that Ken wanted to take care of himself and he did his things flawlessly! I would not hesitate to work for this family again.
I originally contacted Bill a year before we started the job. When I asked him to come back a year later and re-quote there was almost no change in the estimate. Bill kept the job clean, the noise to a minimum and on schedule. He made helpful suggestions to enhance the final product and finished the work on time and on budget.
The work Bill did in my basement

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.126883
Retrieved Text: A FAMILY on Universal Credit has been forced to resort to payday loans to pay for Christmas presents.
Ethan Johnston, 20, says he needed to take out hundreds of pounds just to pay the bills - and so he and his girlfriend can get her kids something for the holidays.
After moving in with his girlfriend Ashleigh Hart, 24, in Dumfries, Scotland, a few months ago, the couple have had serious problems with the new benefit system, which rolls six payments into one.
He’s just had to take out a £500 loan with Pounds to Pocket to pay off his Wonga loan, and start planning for the holiday period for his "little monsters" - step-kids Mason, 3 and Demi, 5.
“We had no problems before going onto Universal Credit, we were living comfortably,” he told The Sun Online.
“We are having to live off loans and handouts from family and friends,” he added.
Since going onto Universal Credit every month the couple have received different amounts, so they find it impossible to properly budget.
Ethan, who works full-time as a labourer for the council, said last month the family were left with just £150 a week to live on and pay all their bills, because of the £1300 a month he gets paid.
They were hit with a huge hit to their finances when he got paid some extra money for overtime, which had been backdated.
Because he was paid more for one month, their benefits were immediately slashed.
He reckons they are in debt around £2000 to family, friends and debt firms since going onto

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.118895
Retrieved Text: Pedigree Query • View topic - Unbridled's Song mare.
Post subject: Unbridled's Song mare.
I have a young Unbridled's Song mare out of a stakes winning Flatter mare. She was a $170,000 yearling and is 16.1 hands. In would appreciate recommendations on stallion options in the 20,000 - 30,000 range.
Post subject: Re: Unbridled's Song mare.
I am NOT at all qualified enough to make any kind of recommendation, but I was able to generate these reports. There's always the physical attributes of each individual to take into account, as well as whether you are looking to breed to race or sell, where you want to foal, etc. etc. I'm looking forward to the input of someone who is qualified to make a recommendation!
Unbridled's Song's best offspring tended to be from four main lines: a return of Unbridled's ancestors (Fappiano, In Reality, Aspidistra), Dehere, Hold Your Peace, and Dehere. Your mare's recent family is not very strong, although some of that is the stallions they've been bred to: when your mare's 2nd dam was sent to a GOOD stallion (Flatter), she got a stakes winner.
Pedigree-wise, that makes Midnight Lute look very attractive. He already has a stakes winner out of an Unbridled's Song mare. He is a big horse and his offspring so far aren't especially early. It's not hurting him, but being that big and with your mare by a sire who throws big, it's a consideration. Another consideration is that your mare's family has had some success with Deputy Minister (Badge of Silver) and Dehere brings that in.
Bringing

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.10006
Retrieved Text: Because primal violence is justified by religious belief, “the offenders have no remorse, no fear, and are extremely confident. ”. Ultimately, your best protection against buyer's remorse is to buy only what you really want, when you're truly ready — and to know the terms of the deal before signing on the dotted line. If you feel as if you need a voice of reason when you're at the mall, bring a shopping buddy with you to keep you on budget.
Survivor's Remorse is an American sitcom that aired on Starz. It premiered on October 4, 2014 and ended on October 15, 2017. The plot centers around the lives of Cam Calloway (Jessie T. Usher) and his family after he signs a pro basketball contract and moves his family to Atlanta. The series is produced by NBA player LeBron James.
Survivor's Remorse (TV Series 2014– ) cast and crew credits, including actors, actresses, directors, writers and more.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.073664
Retrieved Text: The black-clad actor, sporting fashionably spiked hair and Nike Dunks, stopped by GW on Monday to promote this new movie. Warped or not, Arquette’s concept for his slasher flick “The Tripper” is definitely creative.
Arquette, who is best known for his roles in the “Scream” horror movies and his actress wife and GW alum Courteney Cox, presented the trailer and participated in a discussion with a film class on Monday afternoon. He continued his rounds about GW, including an appearance on WRGW radio station and a speech to a crowd of about 40 students in the Marvin Center later that evening.
“The Tripper” was written, directed and produced by Arquette, who also plays the role of a local redneck marijuana farmer named Muff in the movie.
Films Chair of GW’s Programming Board Alyssa Grinder coordinated Arquette’s appearance on campus as part of his promotional bus tour.
“‘The Tripper’ publicity tour is a grass-roots promotional campaign going on a limited budget,” said Grinder, a junior.
She was contacted by Arquette’s publicist and they began planning his campus visit last Friday evening and finalized details of his trip to Foggy Bottom on Monday morning.
Between events, Arquette relaxed in Kogan Plaza, taking pictures with students and signing autographs.
“We’re on a really tight budget here. That’s why I’m going city to city on a bus trying to promote my movie. We’re kind of modeling it on a political campaign,” Arquette said in an interview with The Hatchet.
Having previously visited Tulane University in New Orleans, GW was Arquette’s second college stop on the tour. As he

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.057579
Retrieved Text: Miguel was amazing!!! 10/10 would recommend him to anyone. He was so kind, professional & patient! Our photos from our special day came out so beautiful & we will cherish them forever. From beginning to end Miguel was the best.
We hired Imagine for our daughter’s Quincañera after our first meeting with Miguel. Throughout the meeting he asked us (the parents) what we hoped to capture before and during the event and from there, his focus was on our daughter and her vision of her big day. Right away, he was like family! He went above and beyond in all aspects: during our formal portrait shoot I had to tell him, “I think we got it Miguel!” because he was shooting to capture the perfect light, shot, expression rather than counting the minutes or money; we’d still be in the park today, but every shot was worth it, making it very hard to select the venue portrait, so we chose two!
Day of: Miguel and videographer met our entire family at the chosen shot for formal family portraits professionally dressed and with smiles to greet us. There were many set-ups to include all family members but there was no hassle or confusion and everything moved along in a timely manner which was perfect for a valley-hot June day.
Event: there’s a lot going on so it wasn’t until later that I realized I’d seen Miguel but once the entire night and hoped he’d captured all of the “moments”. Two weeks later, seeing all 300+ photos of the day, he’d

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.044409
Retrieved Text: Directed by Tony Leung Hung-Wah.
Here's a low budget action film that actually has something to say about human nature, and specifically what makes someone selfish, what makes someone heroic, and where exactly the line can be drawn between right and wrong. Michael Wong is an SDU member who witnesses another SDU member, played by Ken Wong, execute the leader of a gang of robbers they were in a gunfight with after he had surrendered. While Michael ruminates over whether to report Ken, and Ken gloats that because of him there is one less nasty criminal doing harm, the rest of the bad guys seek revenge for their boss, targeting both Ken, Michael, and their families. Michael's family is a mess, his exwife (Pinky Cheung) resentful that he selfishly puts his life on the line every day when he has a family to think of. Their daughter, at first, sides with her mother, but when her best friend is kidnapped by the robbers in the mistaken belief that she is Michael's daughter, her friend selflessly pretends she really is her daughter to keep them from tracking down the real one. Michael wants to go after her to save her, but his wife tries convincing him she isn't part of their family, so why should he risk his life? In that moment, her argument is turned on its head, and we see selfishness from another angle. All the other characters have similar moments, and decisions to make. Unfortunately, the movie is shot on video, poorly, and the ending

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.035183
Retrieved Text: NEWARK — Patricia Perry wanted people to see where Newark's homeless really live.
In sleeping bags under a bridge. On stairs in a public park. In a two-person tent that burned down when a space heater caught fire.
She brought her large print-out pictures to Newark's City Council meeting, which drew almost 50 people to raise concern Monday night about three local homeless camps that were destroyed in February.
Perry, co-founder of the Newark Homeless Outreach, described as cruel the conditions that many of the city's homeless people endure every day.
"They're afraid," she told council members. "They're really afraid of what's going on on the streets."
Perry said Newark police officers used box cutters to slash a tent where two homeless people were living in late February. The city's parks and recreation department, she said, also bulldozed two homeless camps in Newark.
Jen Kanagy, co-founder of the Newark Homeless Outreach, said she and Perry heard the reports from people living at those camps. She was concerned about the city's lack of transparency.
"I'm asking the city to have some compassion," Kanagy said. "I'm still asking for the city to have a place to put tents."
Kanagy and Perry were among the dozen Licking County residents to speak about the city's homeless population.
Daniel Crawford, 33, of Newark, spoke of his experiences being homeless. As a child, Crawford said he and his family were homeless twice. He remembers bathing with a jug of cold water at the campsite where his family was living, and having ticks burned off his body some mornings. He recalled living

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.005636
Retrieved Text: El Gigante is the story of a Mexican guy named Armando who finds himself separated from his family when he can’t cover the cost of smuggling himself alongside his wife and daughter into America. Urging them to cross the border before him, Armando is left stranded in the desert where he must fend for himself. After much wandering, Armando is exhausted and collapses in a defeated huddle on the floor when he encounters a mysterious man who emerges from out of the darkness and tosses him some water. Relieved, Armando gulps down the water before passing out from exhaustion.
In what should be a fortunate turn of events, Armando awakens to discover that his luck is quite the opposite when he finds himself in a makeshift wrestling ring with a Lucha Libre mask sown onto his face. Utterly bewildered and in fear for his life, Armando frantically surveys his surroundings and sees a creepy looking family watching him. It is at this moment a huge monolithic wrestler stands before him wearing a similar looking mask. His name is “Gigante”….
El Gigante is a 14 minute short directed by Gigi Saul Guerrero and brought to life by her talented team at Luchagore productions. Though short in length, she does an incredibly good job at conveying the emotional and physical pain that Armando has to endure, enabling the viewer to empathize with his situation completely. El Gigante doesn’t pull any punches in the gore department either and I have to say that one scene in particular really made me wince.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.990885
Retrieved Text: You love your family, but sometimes they get in the way. Namely, when it comes to your wedding budget. Whether your parents are paying but your in-laws want to invite every neighbor, friend, former co-worker under the sun, you need to ask your future in-laws for help, or you have to cut your guest list due to financial reasons after you’ve already sent out your save-the-dates, our etiquette experts are here to help!
My parents are paying for the wedding, and they can afford to invite 150 people with the guest list split equally between my family and my fiancé’s family. But my future MIL thinks she should be able to invite whomever she wants, and based on tradition my father should pay for any additional guests. How do we handle this?
That “tradition” of the bride’s family footing the whole wedding bill has pretty much passed. So first, give your parents a really big hug for paying for the whole shindig. Now, how to handle your future mother-in-law: She is being unreasonable and needs to be told that, but to protect your relationship with her, your fiancé should do the talking. He should express support for what your parents are doing and explain that the guest list is equally split between the two families. Hopefully that will be enough to get her to trim her list. If not, your parents, working with your fiancé, have a right to whittle down her guest list themselves. Another option is for your fiancéé to go to his mother with the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.970167
Retrieved Text: I am fully satisfied from the interior designer i hired from the urbanclap .I took their service for my house,and the area is 750 sq.feet . He came up with unique designs and innovative ideas .I just loved the work done by them,the interior looked really good .Thanks for providing me such good service.Work is still in progress took 1 more monnth to complete.
Excellent quality furniture pieces! Totally satisfied !
Commendable job done! ✅ On time completed.
Rishabh designed the interiors of my shop in Gurgaon and the work done, was AMAZING :D :D !!!! My friend referred his name to me, and I am quite happy with his services which were in my budget..!! He suggested me some really nice ideas which I approved and everything was done with mutual agreement! :) .. He is a very polite and frank person and is very professional with his work!! The completion of the work took around 3 months....and he did everything responsibly...!! I provided materials, and he charged around 60k for the job which was fair! If you want to hire interior designer, HIRE HIM!!!
Actually I demanded a beautiful restaurant from the team of Saket sir. They crated an amazing design for my restaurant. TIE delivered that kind of designs which I was looking for. Amazing cooperation with the team of TIE. They have delivered more than my expectations. Thanks Team TIE.
She was like an angel in dark sea... There was nobody available and ready to help me in short span of time. Not just the Sakshhi and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.882504
Retrieved Text: Hayes Brothers did a fantastic job! The kitchen remodel was scheduled for approximately 30 days and it was completed on-time and under budget. While the process was inconvient, it really could not have gone better. I really can’t say enough good things about Smith and the tradesman that he works with. One of the things I really appreciated about Smith is that he always allows me to have my ideas, but he will offer an expert opinion as well that I felt like made the project that much better. He was extremely responsive to any questions or concerns that I had and was always available. A friend of mine started a kitchen remodel over 6 months ago, and when I began my kitchen I think she looked at me in pity. However, from the beginning she could tell that my project was much better organized, utilized more capable tradesman, and I ended up finishing my kitchen before hers. She used a very expensive firm here in Portland and has a lot of regrets relative to the level of service that she received. I have utilized other contractors that have not always been the best, so I can appreciate the professional, organized and capable way in which Smith conducts himself. I will never use another contractor and will definitely recommend him to all my friends and co-workers, which is not done lightly.
Smith and his team have performed 4 major remodels of our house over the past 10 years! Each project has been better than the last. He

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.858328
Retrieved Text: I just wanted to say that coming to this dealership and working with Jon Dahl has been one of the best experiences. He never tried to take advantage of me or speak down to me cause I am a woman. He took the time to answer all of my questions and get me into a vehicle that I liked and was within my budget. He also came in on his day off to get everything finalized so I could drive off in my 2015 Ford fusion. I can cannot thank Jon Dahl enough for being there when I really needed to get into a vehicle. I will get any future vehicles from Jon Dahl. I will also direct my friend's and family his way.
I have purchased two vehicles from University Auto Sales and have have nothing but positive things to say about the experience. Both vehicles have been reliable and with the exception of a factory recall related issue, I have not had to bring either car in for service ever. I don't have great credit but have a good work history, and was so grateful to have the ability to work with this dealership. During the sales process they were responsive to my needs and I got exactly what I was looking for and in the monthly payment range my budget could handle. As a customer they have treated me with respect and have worked with me to make arrangements if I knew I was going to be a few days late on my payment.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.855486
Retrieved Text: My favorite is the last one. Absolute perfection in my book.
After taking stock of my Pinterest board, it was pretty clear that we’d be going with black and white, subway tile, checkerboard floor and vintage fixtures.
1) It had to be done on a budget (no-brainer for us). We would reuse the tub, find a free vintage farmhouse sink, and another vintage sink on Craigslist. Tile had to be cheap (but also look amazing). We would do nearly all the work ourselves.
2) It had to be functional for our family of five. Lance (Mr 6’3″) wanted a shower big and tall enough for him. He was D.O.N.E. with the shower curtain surrounding the clawfoot tub situation. We wanted to have 2 sinks so that more than one person could be grooming at one time. The ultimate goal is for us to live in this house forever, and so it our one and only full bathroom really needed to accomodate us to the max.
3) Laundry Room. The bathroom had to fit a washer and dryer. I kind of wish we didn’t have to ugly up the room with it, but we really needed to. Why? We really wanted to use the room on the mainfloor that had housed the laundry room as a powder room (DIY project, coming Winter 2016). By making this room the powder room, this allows me to remove the toilet from my butlers pantry (toilet + food prep= BAD idea). I can’t wait to reclaim the butlers pantry area for what it was origianally

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.853403
Retrieved Text: Are your finances getting a little out of hand? Are you having a hard time keeping up with when the bills are due? It’s time to sit down and create a family budget. Before you get started, gather all of your bills together. You’ll need to record all of your expenses along with all income to create a budget plan that works for your family. Include all expenses even if it’s something you pay annually or semi-annually.
1. Determine your goals. Do you want to pay off your mortgage early or do you need to do home repairs? Do you need to start saving for retirement? Set a financial goal so you have something to work toward and it will help you view your finances from a different perspective.
2. Determine where your money goes each payday. For example, next to each payday record which bills to pay and how much of your income it will take. Include gas, groceries, savings and any other weekly expense you have even if it’s a few dollars for your morning cup of coffee.
3. Separate your priorities from luxuries. Start with your home and work down to the things you’re paying for that you don’t really need. Then use this information to look for ways to save money.
4. Keep it simple. If your budget plan is too complicated, you’ll get frustrated and give up before you have a chance to make a difference. Therefore, choose a method of recording your budget plan that is simple and easy to use, even if it’s

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.847836
Retrieved Text: TRENTON — In June's edition of Ask the Governor Governor, Chris Christie said he, his family and their guests would "visible" spending the Fourth of July weekend at the gubernatorial beach house near Island Beach State Park.
Less than a week later, and with the government shutdown in effect, pictures emerged of the governor on the beach with nobody else in sight — as the park itself had been closed by the shutdown.
The pictures came after a plane hired by NJ.com flew over the governor's beach house and got pictures of him and his family having some fun in the sun. When he was originally asked whether he had been able to enjoy the nice weather, Christie said no.
"I didn't get any sun today," he told reporters on Sunday.
The governor also defended bring his family going to the beach while the shutdown continues.
"There's no one at Island Beach State Park," he said. "There are no lifeguards, there's no one to pick up the garbage, there's no one providing any services at Island Beach State Park."
Christie spokesman Brian Murray confirmed to NJ.com that it was the governor pictured on the beach. "Yes, the governor was on the beach briefly today talking to his wife and family before heading into the office," he said.
Rather than risk getting stuck in holiday weekend traffic getting between the shore house and the statehouse, Christie said, he's using the state helicopter to cut down on his travel time.
"I traveled there and I traveled back and I'll travel back again by helicopter," he said

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.84727
Retrieved Text: Cruising has become popular and affordable. It can be a great value for your vacation dollars. Cruise fares will take a big bite out of your vacation budget, air fare too if embarking far from home. But that’s really all you have to spend. You can budget around the “extras” by cherry picking activities and luxuries that are important to you.
LET US HELP YOU PLAN YOUR FUN AND EXCITING FAMILY CRUISE!
Family cruising has become popular and affordable. It can be a great value for your vacation dollars. Cruise fares will take a big bite out of your vacation budget, air fare too if embarking far from home. But that’s really all you have to spend. You can budget around the “extras” by cherry picking activities and luxuries that are important to you and your family.
My husband recently declared that the test of a good cruise line is if you’d sail them again. He said this as soon as we boarded the MSC Lirica for our very first MSC cruise. We are avid cruises and have been for many years. We’ve sailed with pretty much all the major cruise lines that cater to the US market including Princess, Celebrity, Royal Caribbean, and NCL. But this was our first cruise aboard an MSC ship which caters mostly to the European market.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.79083
Retrieved Text: Is this worth the money? My 13 year old son is asking for it, but it is really at the very top of our budget and would have to be the only thing he gets for Christmas. He says its all he wants. Thoughts?
We have one. My husband loves it, plays it all the time. Younger son (19) likes to play it when he's home from school, and it was a hit with his friends. Older son (22) plays a little.
But here's the thing. VR takes a lot of room. You move around and swing your arms a lot. So you'll want to measure your space and make sure you can accommodate it. Would be awful disappointing to get it and not have room to play.
Wanted to add... You can buy additional games through either the Oculus store or Steam. So Steam cards could be a good extra gift idea for other family members to give.
Oh, also... Check the specs on your machine. It requires a fairly powerful computer.
Thanks for the reply. He said he has tested his computer and its all good. He would use it in his room. Its pretty open in the middle, there is an room sized rug there with nothing on it. I'll have to measure for sure. How much room do you recommend?
I think about 6.5 x 5 ft area is recommended.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.76118
Retrieved Text: A Bear on Books: "Dawn in the Orchard"
Gary is a professional musician originally from a small town in the South but living in Chicago now. Not much holding him in Chicago - his closeted lover is dating women to make his family happy, he is sleeping on friends' couches, and his career is stalled since he suffers from crippling stage fright. So when his aunt dies and leaves him a farm back in North Carolina, he packs up and moves back home.
Chuck moved back home to North Carolina from Atlanta after college to help out his father. Oldest son, family expectations and needs keep Chuck firmly at home, raising his two children, running his antique store and overseeing the family businesses. And him firmly in the closet. His outlet for fun is playing fiddle at the Thursday night jam sessions at the local bar.
When Chuck and his father pay a call on Gary to make sure the agreement they have with Gary's aunt to harvest the pecans from the orchard on the farm still stands, the chemistry between the two sparks.
There are all sorts of reasons for something between the two men not to work. Family pressures. Small town narrow mindedness. Past failed relationships. Gary's music career in Chicago. Living closeted. Are there enough reasons, then, to try?
These are two men who have real life issues that must be addressed before anything real can develop between them. Gary's uncertainty about his career, then his refocused energy when his muse comes calling again. His fear of performing

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.730213
Retrieved Text: It’s already the 24th on this side of the world and it is just now that I am posting something Christmas-y. It’s been a chaotic start of the month and with all the appointments crammed before the holidays, well, I didn’t have time left to sit down and totally write something cohesive.
Anyway, I’ve put up the tree in my apartment a few days into November. Given that we won’t be spending the holidays in the big metro, I opted to have the tree up a month earlier than I usually do just so we can have something to look forward to. And besides, the little boy loved watching the lights.
I never really decorated my crib before I had little Z. But 3 years ago, a few days before the little boy’s eye surgery, my Mom and I decided to get a tree complete with lights. He was fascinated with the play of lights back then and knowing that after his surgery and his eyes have been rehabilitated, he would enjoy watching the lights more. And we were never wrong on that one. Since then, I have been putting up a tree every Christmas. Though my Mom’s tree looks a lot better.
Speaking of lights. Since I was not able to bring the little boy to watch the lights in Ayala Triangle during his first December (with all the doctor’s appointments and preparation for his surgery, it was not really feasible to do so), I made a promise to myself to bring him there the succeeding year. So,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.72887
Retrieved Text: Landon is currently overbooked and unable to take any new jobs. Browse other service providers.
The work Landon did for us was excellent. Our basement flooded and we called Landon and his team to take care of the water damage. He ended up finding mold so they gutted the room and removed the mold. Their equipment is top of the line and he stayed on budget for the entire project.
Landon and his crew use the latest technology to clean and disinfect your home. Their mission is to create a healthy environment for your entire family. Rest easy knowing Landon is using hospital grade disinfectants that are pet and child safe.
I only have wonderful things to say about them! They did a duplex for us that had some mold in it. We called them on a Sunday, they answered and had the whole situation taken care of by Monday afternoon. They are super speedy, very thorough and answered all of our questions. They took the time to explain the chemicals and the procedure they were using. Really great guys.
Landon took care of some mold for us. He did great work and I highly recommend him.
We have a rental property that had tested for mold and Landon was referred to me. The process was simple and Landon was prompt and friendly. I'm happy and my tenant is very happy.
Landon came out the same day we called him and tested for mold. He was very friendly and prompt, we got the results back 2 days later.
The work Landon did for

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.703135
Retrieved Text: 2014 a year that has whizzed by.
The year started off with illnesses and pain - full of flu coupled with a horrid trapped nerve, I spent a few weeks incapacitated on the sofa. I slept alot due to the medication, lost a lot of weight in a small amount of time and got myself in a right rut. But I started to recover and with the help of my family and friends, physio and acupuncture, I got better. How's my pinched nerve now? It's okay, I get the odd twitch which makes me nervous, but I persist with the movements the physio showed me and that seems to settle it and help.
The best news of the year - my sister-in-law and family moved home from Australia. We were so excited to see them, but also sad it didn't work out for them. They have been home 8 months now, and it is GOOD to have them here - we did miss them lots.
Lewis moved up to secondary school - eekk my boy is growing up really fast - he settled in, made new friends, kept old friends, got a free iPad (school supplied), and most importantly he is enjoying school. The school offers an electronic pay system which the children top up and use their thumb to scan and pay for lunch items - the minimum we can top it up is £20 - and trying to teach him to budget at £2.20 per day is a challenge - he's overspent a few times, £5 one

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.696396
Retrieved Text: QUEBEC – The government caquiste of François Legault will present his first budget on 21 march.
The minister of Finance Eric Girard said on Tuesday that we can expect “good news” in health and education. The budget will also be given priority to the economy and to the creation of wealth, he assured.
“It’s really in line with our priorities”, said the minister.
Québec will file, therefore its budget two days after the Ottawa.
He said that the budget will also aim to reduce the tax burden of Quebecers, even if he has refused to quantify the thing.
“The message is really consistent with the priorities that we have given in the opening speech”, he launched.
This budget will enable to judge of the government’s determination to honour its financial commitments, in addition to providing the correct time in relation to the surplus.

================



======= Instance Index 16 =========
Input Text: Given that B: And other than that I do not think it should be allowable. I think it should be illegal for them to want to do that. it's kind of the big brother syndrome, I mean, I just, anything like that just kind of scares me. A: I tend to view it, even though I don't think I'd work for a company that did that, I sort of want to defend an employer's rights uh, in addition to an individual's rights, Therefore, it must be true that "she would work for a company that did that"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.959145
Retrieved Text: Thread: Don't Do Business With Northeastern Metro Abstract, Kathy Belcher or Michael Belcher!
court. I'm due the entire $540. Then she sent me an email asking me to stop contacting her as she feels threatened. So even though I thought that was absurd, it showed she felt guilty about stealing my money. A day or two later, I couldn't believe it, but she sent me an email saying that if I returned the current paperwork she sent me, even though I didn't ask her to, she would refund the $250 also. So I sent it back certified. Either way, I had to wait until her bookkeeper was in, which apparently was 7 days later because this past Friday, she emailed me again that she was sending me the $290 back today and would not send the $250 back because she did the work. So I told her that not only is she a thief, but she is a lair. So she again asked me "kindly" to stop contacting her as she feels threatened by me....and that I am harassing her.
I guess asking her for my money back is harassing and threatening. She did say last Friday that if I returned hero she couldn't say she didn't receive it. So even though she said to stop contacting her, she contacted me....kind of suspicious.
I would not recommend this company or Kathy or Michael Belcher to anybody. Here's another interesting tidbit. She told me that back dating titles is legal. In fact, she said that if I sign this new

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.763256
Retrieved Text: When i complain about my job, it is rarely about the people i actually work with. It is usually about the "higher-ups" (who are not actually a part of our company but who set the rules & such since we are government funded) & about the provider companies. I am constantly amazed (in a bad way) at how just ANYONE can open a provider company. These are the companies that provide the long term care for the clients in their homes. Let me just say. They often do not pay their workers on time. They have very poor management skills. They cannot follow simple directions. And THEY are usually the ones i am angry at when i post vents here or on facebook. I do not mind blogging about them. MOST of them should be shut down (& some of them have been...due to FRAUD).
Please know that when i say this, i am not talking about ALL of them. Of course there are good companies, companies who work hard to provide good care & companies who THANK ME for a job well done (most of them gripe & complain not even realizing all i do! Or that their complaints have nothing to do with ME or my job.). But these good companies are the exception, not the rule.
A conversation earlier this week with one company... she was mad that they didn't have something they were supposed to have on November 5th. Now it's a long complicated story, but trust me... i was doing my job correctly.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.680851
Retrieved Text: Veteran singer, Daddy Showkey, would never forget the events that happened to him during his first and only job interview. During a chat with Saturday Beats, he said that the event was so painful that it made him swear with his life that he would never work for anybody.
Although he was laughing while narrating the story, Showkey said it wasn’t funny when the incident happened.
He told Saturday Beats that he was accused of stealing a dog during his first job interview because he was a resident of Ajegunle.
He said, “I had a cousin who was working with a security company and anytime she came to my mother’s house, she noticed that I was always singing. She then called me one day and told me that she would want me to come and work in her company because I looked strong physically. She took it upon herself to write an application letter to the company which was at Tin Can Island.
“The next day, she told me to go to the company because they were expecting me for an interview. When I got there, they checked my application letter and they realised that I was from Ajegunle and that made them have a wrong notion about me. The next thing I was told was that their guard dog was missing. They approached me and asked me if I stole the dog. I told them that I did not steal any dog and I was scared of dogs. At the time, I did not know that there were different

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.367098
Retrieved Text: “My company needed a fresh brand identity that would appeal to both our business customers and end users alike. I don’t think blockchain is an easy topic to get to grips with but Clare caught the drift very quickly.
“Clare did a design project for our new company and did a fantastic job. It was my first time working with her. Clare delivered great creative work in the most professional manner possible. We look forward to working with her again soon and have no hesitation in recommending Clare or her work to any prospective clients”.
“Clare worked independently for me during 2010 while she was here in New Zealand – she proved to be a well received and popular designer over that time. She was requested back by my clients which is always the best recommendation! Clare worked for me at well known NZ agencies as well as in ‘in-house studios’ proving her flexibility and good attitude.
I have no hesitation recommending Clare as a designer with excellent Mac skills – she was always fantastic to deal with. If she ever comes back to NZ I would have her back on my team in an instant”.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.145815
Retrieved Text: What kind of work will you be doing in 10 years ?
My 5 year old neighbor asked me if I had to work today,I told her that it was a Saturday and I did not have to go to the office. She then asked me to describe my tasks during the day.I told her that I sat at a desk,used a computer,made presentations. I told her that there were no toys or snacks or nap time. She said she did not like the sound of the office.
I then asked her what type of work she would like to do when she grew up. She told me that she wanted to work in a company selling fried chicken,she called the same name of the place where her mother worked. She was not sure what she wanted to do specifically . She added that she would work and go to school. I asked her to explain,she indicated that by going to school , she would get a better job.
I was shocked. So I engaged her further . I asked her what she would do with the money that she earned from her job . She plainly said “pay bills”. I was mortified. At 5 years old she captured the dilemma of the current struggle. I analyzed her household , her mother worked at the fried chicken company,her grandmother worked at a security firm. Her 17 year old sister graduated from high school and she was at home . I know that it was only a matter of time

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.06513
Retrieved Text: Home Startup Lies Entrepreneurs Tell Themselves!
When I was in my 20’s I worked at Convergent Technologies, a company that was proud to be known as the “Marine Corps of Silicon Valley.” It was a brawling “take no prisoners,” work hard, party hard, type of company. The founders came out of the DEC (Digital Equipment Corporation) and Intel culture of the 1960’s and ‘70’s.
As an early employee I worked all hours of the day, never hesitated to jump on a red eye to see a customer at the drop of a hat, and did what was necessary to make the company a winner.
But this story is not about Convergent. It’s about entrepreneurship and family.
Like most 20-somethings I modeled my behavior on the CEO in the company. His marketing and sales instincts and skills seemed magical and he built the company into a $400 million OEM supplier, ultimately selling the company to Unisys.
But his work ethic was legendary. Convergent was a 6-day a week, 12-hour day company. Not only didn’t I mind, but I couldn’t wait to go to work in the morning and would stay until I dropped at night. If I did go to social events, all I would talk about was my new company. My company became the most important thing in my life.
But the problem was that I was married.
What’s more important — me or your Job?
If you’re are a startup founder or an early employee, there may come a time in your relationship that your significant other/spouse will ask you the “what’s more important?” question.
It

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.9073
Retrieved Text: Cavelle Joseph, former president of AFETT and head of HR at Nipdec.
As Breast Cancer Awareness month draws to a close JANELLE DE SOUZA looks at one critical challenge patients face–the workplace.
Cancer patients have a lot to deal with – the fear of death and leaving their loved ones, the physical side effects of the treatments, the financial strain it may put on the family, as well as the emotional strain on their relationships.
She said some acted as if it was contagious, while others were jealous of the "special treatment" she was getting from the boss and other co-workers. “One person said to me, 'You know you are lucky you could just wave that little pink ribbon and you can get what you want.' I said I'm proud to wear it but if I had a choice I would never have one to wave. I didn't ask for cancer, nor did I buy it."
Then there were others who had to worry about their employment.
One woman felt discriminated against even though she tried her best to be at work as soon as she was able after her treatments. She said one supervisor told her she should have been fired for all the sick leave she took. In the mean time, the company hired someone new and made her job redundant, possibly trying to get her to leave the job. In addition, she said the company did not seem to trust her and insisted that she see the company doctor whenever she presented a sick leave.
Cavelle Joseph, former president

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.86058
Retrieved Text: I would like to express my sincere thanks to Sue for how she helped me and Brenda sell our house that we had been trying to sell ourselves. The house was listed with Sue and she did a quit claim deed sale for us and kept us informed of everything that went on. She sold our house really fast we thought and handled everything from start to finish. Sue is a very caring and pleasant lady to work with. If we had a question about something and Sue didn’t know, she would find out and get right back to us with the answer. We will contact Sue if we need to buy or sell a house. She’s great and she’s an asset to your company.
Thanks Sue for all you did for us.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.748482
Retrieved Text: A little white lie never hurt anyone, right? That was the philosophy the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) appeared to subscribe to last year when it ruled an employer unlawfully discharged an employee for dishonesty because, in the agency’s view, the company had handled terminations for lying inconsistently. That board decision was rendered in Cellco Partnership, 365 NLRB No. 93 (2017). Fast forward to now. A federal court of appeals reviewed that NLRB order and has overturned it. In other words, the court ruled that the employer was justified in terminating the employee. At issue in the case was employee Bianca Cunningham, a known union activist. Cunningham was asked by another employee, Victory Esharetur, for advice about a workplace issue. Specifically, Esharetur had concerns about staying late with a manager in light of a disagreement she’d had with the manager earlier in the day, saying she felt threatened. Cunningham told Esharetur that if she were to feel threatened and find herself in the same situation, she would “go home.” So that is exactly what Esharetur did; she clocked out and left work without authorization. During its investigation into Esharetur’s unauthorized departure from work, the company interviewed Cunningham multiple times. While Cunningham initially denied ever telling Esharetur to leave work, she subsequently admitted to investigators that she had told Esharetur she would leave if she ever found herself in that type of situation. Cunningham also had some inconsistencies in statements she made regarding the nature of her text message exchanges with Esharetur about the incident. The employer

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.73665
Retrieved Text: Applicant Ms. Lue* received a position as a Junior Web Designer in the US and wanted a TN visa under the Graphic Designer label. However, the intended company and its attorneys refused to file for her because they did not believe she qualified since she majored in journalism instead of graphic design and her job title did not fall under the NAFTA-Specified Occupation list. After our consultation, however, we believed that she did qualify and assisted her in obtaining her visa in 1 week.
The client first came to Tsang & Associates after obtaining a job offer in the US, appearing very distressed. When her company discovered that she did not have a work permit, they wanted her to apply under a H-1B. She had just graduated and learned that she could only apply for a visa under a H-1B by lottery draw, or under a TN status. She believed that she qualified for the TN visa, but her company's attorneys along with an outside immigration counsel did not share the same sentiment due to her major in journalism rather than their preferred graphic design major. After reviewing her case, we also believed that she qualified.
We immediately contacted her company which was one of the most promising companies listed on Forbes with $15 million in yearly revenue. As she was a very skilled graphic designer, they agreed to extend their job offer to Ms. Lue if the TN visa would be received within a month.
First, we needed to prove her qualifications as a Graphic Designer. Employing careful

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.674334
Retrieved Text: After 30 years in the business, Laurie Schotz is finally learning to detach from her job.
“I feel blessed; I enjoy my time at work, but now my job is part of me, not who I am,” the new director of the Warsaw Performing Arts Center explained.
Schotz explained prior to this year, she was a workaholic. Already owning her own production company, Best Schotz Productions, a member of the Kiwanis and the Optimists clubs of Warsaw, and project manager for the Pierceton Chamber of Commerce, her jobs had become her life.
Schotz went to Kent State University, where she received a bachelor’s degree in elementary education, with a minor in special education and later went on to Columbia College to receive a certificate in dance therapy.
“I went to Kent State because the Olympic coach from 1968 was there,” Schotz explained, stating, originally, she wanted to attend the school to teach gymnastics. Her coach asked her to take dance classes to learn to coach better, herself and, instead of continuing on with gymnastics, she chose to dance and later ended up in stunt work.
“I said I would be in theatre until I wasn’t hired anymore, and that day hasn’t happened yet,” Schotz remembered.
In the past, Schotz has worked at Amish Acres, performed in Chicago and did stunts for movies. “I did movie stunt work, I don’t think it’s as fulfilling,” she said.
Through her own company, she was able to set up a full spectrum of entertainment, including her stunt shows, murder mystery nights, concerts and a small petting zoo.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.64667
Retrieved Text: After her sacking, the employee applied to the Fair Work Commission under section 394 of the Fair Work Act 2009, which relates to applying for a remedy for unfair dismissal.
However, the boss accused her of deliberately consuming alcohol in order to claim she was unfit to carry out her work duties the next day, and stood her down without pay.
“You… deliberately made a decision to consume alcohol to the extent that you would not be fit for work on 26 April 2017 when you were required to attend and be in a fit state to carry out your duties safely,” the manager’s letter said.
In her response, the employee said she did not “deliberately” make the decision to consume alcohol to the point where she would be unfit to attend work the next day.
“It was my BIRTHDAY, and friends dropped by unannounced,” she wrote in an email to her employers. “I had my official birthday party on the Monday night and wasn’t expecting visitors on Tuesday, however, visitors I got.
“As the afternoon went on I realised it was going to be a long night and I believe I acted responsibly and respectfully by contacting management to let them know I wouldn’t be fit for work.
“Would it have been wiser for [me] to call at 6am on the 26th and plead illness? I think if I had done that then I wouldn’t be writing this letter now, but it wouldn’t have been the honest thing to do in my opinion.
The manager replied that she had chosen to continue

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.54263
Retrieved Text: Freelining with Mike Freeman: Working for free.
Home /Freelining/Freelining with Mike Freeman: Working for free.
How can you tell if you’re looking at a dead end job? Answer: the company has ways to avoid paying you for the work that you do. (Photo by Michael Freeman).
ORLANDO – “This is Tiffany!” the voice on the other end of the line said in a very perky way.
I gave my name, and mentioned that I was trying to get more information on the ad that was posted on the CraigsList for a part-time position that required good communication skills and an ability to work as a team.
Tiffany said she was interviewing for that position, and could I come by around 4. I said I could, and got the address. Oddly, though, she said nothing about the job in advance.
So I showed up at the building in South Orlando, close to the intersection of Orange Avenue and Sand Lake Road. Tiffany, a woman in her twenties, was at the front desk. She asked me to wait in a conference room, and fill out an application. There was another gentleman in there, doing the same thing. The application itself was short and simply asked for the basics.
When we were done, Tiffany came in and asked us for a brief summary of who we were, what we had done. She seemed only marginally to be paying attention. Then she asked us what our availability was like throughout the week. The more flexible our schedule, the better.
She also asked if either one of us had

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.532982
Retrieved Text: Headquartered in Vancouver, Melanie’s host company is an international energy company with locations across Canada. Melanie had the opportunity to interview with them from her home country and she got the position before she even arrived in Vancouver, as she registered for our Student Internship Program. She knew that an engineering internship in Canada would be a valuable asset to her future career in France, especially given the available industry opportunities here in her field. As she mentioned to Stepwest, this was an opportunity for personal and professional growth, and development in her young professional career.
During her engineer internship in Canada Melanie worked on several projects, including both office work and fieldwork. “For the fieldwork I did a site reconnaissance development in Britannia Beach as well as a borehole investigation for Columbia Container in the port of Vancouver. My favourite part of this international internship in Canada was working for the oil company, but I also appreciated being able to go on site to understand the results of the tests that my company carried out”, Melanie confirmed during our time with her.
Melanie emphasized that the training and learning opportunities she received during her internship were amazing, as she gained a lot informally through knowledge-sharing with co-workers. She definitely recommends an international internship experience to others: “You can try as many different things as you want and learn from decades of experience within the company”.
Now, right at the end of the summer, it’s time to go back to France to start studying again, after completing her engineering

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.462444
Retrieved Text: "I was shocked when I saw the statement in March,'' said San Rafael resident Sara Woodland. "I can't afford that. I live on social security."
Woodland came to ABC7 for help after she says AT&T switched her phone plan without her consent. Hundreds of dollars were automatically deducted from her debit account, putting her perilously close to a default.
"I just don't know how a company can do that to someone, and the money was just gone,'' she said.
For decades, Woodland has used the same landline service. She had a sweet deal, paying just under $35 per month for unlimited local and long distance calls. Then in February, her phone bill suddenly nearly quadrupled from $35 to $147. In March it reached $165.
"I called them up and I said, 'Why did my bill go so high,' and they said, 'because you're paying by the minute.'"
It turns out AT&T had switched her from the flat-rate plan to one that charges her for each minute on the phone. Even local calls came with a fee. The plan allows just 200 minutes per month, with extra charges for every minute after that.
Woodland ran up charges for more than 1,000 extra minutes each month, accounting for those high bills.
"I said, 'I can't believe you all would change my plan without asking for my authorization,''' she recalls telling AT&T. "I've always had unlimited calls and unlimited long distance. Why would you change it?"
Woodland said she and friends spent hours on the phone with AT&T. A representative finally agreed to restore her old plan,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.4426
Retrieved Text: It’s easy to think that a logo as popular as the Nike logo must have cost thousands of dollars and taken dozens of hours of hard work to come up with such a successful logo. Still, the best ideas do not necessarily come after hundreds of hours of work and the story behind the Nike swoosh proves it very well.
The well-known swoosh was created in 1971 by Carolyn Davidson, a graphic design student, for the company then known as Blue Ribbon Sports. The founder, Phil Knight, who was her accounting professor, contacted her to design a logo inspired by the Adidas brand. He wanted a logo that inspired the movement. Davidson, therefore, produced several logo proposals and Knight made his choice on the swoosh, a symbol inspired by the shape of the goddess Nike's wings. Although Knight was not completely satisfied with the work, his budget did not allow him to develop another logo so he thought he would develop this idea.
Davidson was paid $ 35 for her work ($ 2 / hour), which she considered enough for the work she did. She went on producing the graphic elements of the company, until the work became too much for one person, and was entrusted to an advertising agency, in 1976.
In 1983, Davidson was invited to an executive dinner at the company and received a swoosh-embellished diamond ring and company shares, estimated to be more than a million dollars worth today.
Subsequently, other graphic elements were added to Nike's branding, such as the Jumpman designed in 1984 for

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.422894
Retrieved Text: Did it matter that I could only work three days a week because I was busy with my book and other projects? Nope! Would I get the same famous MSFT benefits as a 40-hour/week employee? Pretty much! Did it matter that I have pink hair and am prone to accidentally cussing in team meetings? Nope! What about the fact that I don’t like working before 10am? No problem!
As she began working there, she realized that she had many misconceptions about the company. It wasn't all boring and corporate after all. She started meeting smart and inspiring people, so she decided to start a blog which profiles them. That blog is Microspotting.
Definitely a great read. Subscribed!
LOL, that's funny! wonder how that could work?
Well, it's like a big collection of different objects, which we can zoom in. Always wanted to know how a fly looks in x1000.
There must have been to much traffic because all the links appear to be broken.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.409374
Retrieved Text: Problem: A $16 million dollar retail company was having great success and watching profits rise for the last 4 years. This success was in jeopardy when, unexpectedly, two senior employees gave notice – they were ready to retire. Their notice started a surprising domino effect when management realized their other Baby Boomer staff members would do the same and people might begin to leave in droves. Since Baby Boomers made up 32% of the company, they panicked because they had no succession plan.
Solution: We conducted a needs analysis with the company and their senior employees. We created an accurate timeline for exits and implemented a transitional plan for management so the next 3 years would not be a problem. A handful of Baby Boomers expressed an interest in exiting but could not (or would not) give definite dates because they had not personally prepared for this transition. We continued to coach these individuals to help them create an individual exit plan for each of them while minimizing the impact their leaving would have on the company.
A comprehensive exit strategy plan for the retailer that emphasized communication and eliminated surprises.
Staff felt valued because the company provided reassurance and training.
The company was kept apprised of their employees’ plans for the future so they worried less and had an accurate succession plan.
The company and staff collaborated to create a plan for reducing hours nearer to retirement, job sharing for interested employees and a mentoring program to ensure knowledge transfer and seamless transitions.
Problem: An architectural firm owned by 4 principals

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.3453
Retrieved Text: Thank you so much for taking care of my mother’s windows recently. She is thrilled with them. She was also very happy with you and your presentation and the installers were great. Thanks again.
We wanted to take this opportunity to tell you how pleased we are with the new windows we purchased from your company. The windows are a perfect fit and have added to the value of our property. The gentlemen that came to install our windows were very professional and efficient. All three of them were very polite and businesslike. It was a real pleasure to meet them and watch them work! Your company is fortunate to have such people represent it to the public. We would be happy to recommend Window World and your employees anytime! Thank you.
Further to our telephone conversation this morning, we just wanted to send a note of thanks for the excellent job with the new windows at our home. Your crew led by Derek worked hard and were extremely careful and courteous in our home. Something that is lacking with a lot of service firms today. The windows have added beauty and value to our home and are already showing signs of decreased energy consumption. Everything that Ko had promised us. Thanks for exceeding our expectations. We will refer your company at every opportunity.
Just to let you know how much I am enjoying my windows! There are some other updating projects going on in my home, but if I would have to choose one project, it would be

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.292671
Retrieved Text: "I wanted to let you know that I got the job offer," she said excitedly.
She had two interviews last week — one with a noted brand and the other with a fast growing start-up. One firm really wants her but they are on a hiring freeze until Q1. This is a dilemma that a lot of folks would kill for in this climate.
As we discussed how she was going to approach the offer vs. the "non-offer," I was amazed at how she was approaching this decision. She talked about the pros and cons of each company, her career growth and potential development at each, the known brand vs. a start-up, etc. All this came from a Gen Xer.
My other discussion this week was from a Gen. Y/Millennial who had a job interview with another known brand. She knew the brand was not quite for her, but really wanted to find more out about the role.
She mentioned that the company's lobby was a mess and not inviting at all. One of the recruiters she met with was chilly, to say the least, and according to her, bordered on being rude. This recruiter asked a question, and as she tried to answer, was talking over her throughout.
When she walked out she knew that even if offered the role, she would not accept. In both cases, there was no brand alignment with her career. In all our discussions, the issue of salary did not come up.
If you are an organization seeking talent, the pendulum has swung away from you

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.256739
Retrieved Text: Having decided she wanted to work in the financial services industry more than 20 years ago Connie Zhang is now US Data & Analytics Officer at the Agricultural Bank of China. She will be part of a panel at this month’s Chief Analytics Officer, Fall event, in which she will explain how the financial services industry can attract top talent. In this interview she explains why employers must embrace wider experience than just financial services when hiring and why she believes education is a miracle.
What does a typical day comprise for you?
Your session at CAO, Fall looks at whether financial services can win the talent race. What’s your view?
How can the industry better excite and attract talent to the financial services industry?
What’s the biggest change you would like to see that would encourage more talent to look at financial services as an industry?
When and how did you decide that financial services was the industry for you?
“23 years ago. However, in between I worked for a pharmaceutical company as well as a financial software company.
Your job sees the roles of data and analytics combined – how common is that and how do you manage both responsibilities?
If you didn’t work in data and analytics what would you be doing today?
Connie Zhang will be a guest speaker at Chief Analytics Officer, Fall which takes place in Boston from 8-11 October. She will be part of a panel discussion at 10.10am on October 8 looking at how the financial services industry can win the talent race and what motivates data

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.255075
Retrieved Text: Bella MUA by Amy Castro is a beauty company that provides hair and makeup services in Charlotte, North Carolina. The company has been part of the wedding industry since 2009 and specializes in weddings.
The owner of the company, Amy Castro, is a talented hair and makeup artist who provides quality services to not only the bride, but also the bridesmaids, mother of the bride, mother of the groom and more. Amy has been a hair and makeup artist for more than a decade. During her career she has had the honor of working on CNN, NBC and ABC. She has also worked with high-profile clients, including Dr. Oz, Cam Newton, Matt Lauer and Mike Pence.
From the time she got there to the time she left she was very professional! She was on time and got done at the time she said she would. I have used many makeup artists before but she is by far the best because she actually knows her products and is an expert at putting on makeup. She also does AMAZING hair!! She did 4 girls makeup and every single one of them loved her and would recommend her to anyone!
Cannot say enough about my experience with Amy. From day one, she was enthusiastic about working together and extremely responsive given how busy she is. Her work was incredible, and she knew exactly how to work with my hair and skin tone. Her warm personality makes her an instant friend! Cannot wait to have an excuse to use her again!!
Amy was lovely

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.209753
Retrieved Text: How much invasion of privacy should a worker accept from a job that pays $7250 a month? Would wearing the equivalent of an ankle bracelet be too much? Myrna Arias thought so, and lost her job over it.
When Arias accepted a job as a sales executive last year with Intermex Wire Transfer Company, she had no idea how intrusive her employer would become. She started work in February, did well, and made $7250 a month, with commission. In April, however, her boss required her and her co-workers to download an application called Xora to their smart phones.
The phones were part of the job. They had to be carried 24/7 so that the sales force could answer calls from clients at any time. Sort of a burden, but maybe not too bad, considering the pay.
Her manager made it clear that he was using the program to continuously monitor her, during company as well as personal time.
Stubbs knew where she went, how fast she drove, the roads she took, and how long she spent at each stop — whether she was working or not.
Arias drew the parallel between the constant monitoring of the GPS system and the ankle bracelet a prisoner is forced to wear. She told Stubits that what he was doing was illegal. The boss’ reply was that she should put up with it because of the amount of money Intermex was paying her.
In late April of 2014, Arias deleted the app. On May 5th, she was fired.
Not only did Arias lose her job, but Intermex

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.193562
Retrieved Text: "Another outstanding job by Yuliusstar. This is our third project, for a reason. She is amazing. She gets our brand, nails the briefs and excels in communication, commitment and perfection. I will definitely hire her again."
"Yuliusstar did a fantastic job with designing the packaging for our premium kids brand. We were after a minimalistic, stylish and premium yet cute design. She nailed the brief, and her communication and timeliness is flawless. For our future projec..."
"Wow. Yuliusstar is amazing to work with. The quality of her work, her communication and timeliness is outstanding. She helped us with two projects. For one project she nailed the brief in her first round of drafts. The design was stunning. It was ex..."
"Top professional with incredible vision for high quality design."
"This designer did a great job of listening to our feedback!"
"I have been working with Yuliya since 2014, as a small business owner she provides great value for money and is currently the only designer I would work with. Probably the best designer in the world."
"Yuliya is the absolute best! I could write a book on how amazing it is to work with Yuliya! She just "gets it"."
"What more can I say, she is simply the best!"
"My company has been using Yuliya as our designer since 2014. There is a reason she is still our preferred designer. She is the best!"
"If there was an oscar for designers Yuliya would probably win it."
"Yuliya is simply the best!"
"Probably the best designer in the world."
"Yuliya has been the best designers I've worked with in

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.167307
Retrieved Text: It has been recently announced that AKB48's Mariko Shinoda would be casted in a comedy movie for the very first time! She would be involved with the new comedy film from NHK, titled [サラリーマンNEO 劇場版 (笑)] (Salaryman NEO Gekijyouban (warai)).
The movie is based on a previous comedy drama, and the story takes place in beer company NEO Beer, where it depicts the different employees of the company. In the show, Mariko sama would be taking on the role of a regular receptionist by day, and yet holding on to a mysterious job by night. What's going to happen from there? We could only find out by watching the film.
Mariko sama has expressed her excitement for this, as she said she had 'always wanted to be part of a comedy as she loves it so much.' She hopes that the movie would get the support of the fans, as it has been the crystal of hard work from the cast and crew galore.
Adding on to her portfolio as an actress, this comedy would certainly show a different side of her. I personally thought she did really well in the Getsu9 drama, Taisetsu na Koto wa Subete Kimi ga Oshiete Kureta. This show would be something to look forward to.
Check out the short preview of the movie below!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.162416
Retrieved Text: Why is it so many folks think they are qualified web designers ?? And, even worse, why is it that so often management employs the services of one of these “designers”? to create their website ?? I mean, the corporate website represents your company on the internet and as such it should look (and work) the absolute best possible.? So why would you allow some misguided amateur to build that all important site for you ?
I am thinking of a company we know well for whom we created a nice HTML site some years ago.? This is not a small company and does business in the millions.? Time came to do a make-over and we approached them for with that in mind.? After quite a while of telling us they were not interested it turned out that the wife of the managing partner had built a new site – she wanted to “get into the business”.? Well, I’m sure she had fun with it.? But what a mess …? she did basically everything wrong that could be done wrong and the site looks like it was built 15 years ago.? But now she’s a web designer … not!? That site will be very expensive for the company in reputation and business not realized.
The moral of the story is:? if you want a website that looks professional and produces results then get a professional company (like CanadaWeb Inc. ) to build it.
Excellent article. Keep up the good work!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.150602
Retrieved Text: Remember the letter-writer last year who had resigned and whose boss was insisting that she drive 1,000 miles at her own expense to return company property to their headquarters, as well as spend a week in that city training her replacement, also at her own expense? Here’s the update.
It’s been over a year since I’ve successfully moved on from that terrible working atmosphere… what a nightmare! I have been able to land an incredible position while finishing school. I feel like a valuable and appreciated member of a team again, and I work hard to exceed any expectations. It’s very true when they say people will work twice as hard when they are appreciated.
But the bigger update in all of this is that the former company I worked for that caused me so much distress closed down! Yup – I had a feeling it was coming – but it finally happened! Probably for the best… no one should have to work for someone like that!
Congratulations on the new job! I’m happy you found a position where you can thrive.
What ended up happening with the equipment and replacement training?
So did the OP actually drive the 1000 miles to drop off the equipment?
That is EXACTLY what I want to know!
Right? It would be really helpful if OP wrote back about whatever the resolution to those several hanging issues were.
How did I miss this? When I read the (2nd) update & re-read the original post yesterday, I was thinking, “Only the ending sounded bad in her first letter and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.146687
Retrieved Text: TORONTO – Five years ago last month Anne Mulcahy reluctantly accepted the job of president and CEO of Xerox.
At the time, the century old Rochester, N.Y.-based company that pioneered photocopying was starring at bankruptcy and the stock took a 15 per cent nose dive after Mulcahy was introduce as its new CEO.
“Not a big confidence boost,” she said of the stock drop during a luncheon at the Canadian Club Thursday.
Becoming CEO of Xerox, she said, was the hardest decision of her career. “I did not want to be the captain of the Titanic,” she said.
Her first move to save Xerox from extinction was to call Warren Buffett, the billionaire investor of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. fame. She wanted him to invest in Xerox, which at the time was facing a cash flow crisis, mounting debt, irate customers and massive staff defections. The company in 2000 lost US$273 million.
Buffett invited Mulcahy to his favourite restaurant in Nebraska where he reinforced his view of never investing in technology companies.
She called this advice “sobering,” especially when Xerox’ cash reserves were at zero and the employee base was looking bail on the company.
Mulcahy had another problem she’d have to solve before implementing this customer first, technology second plan. She knew that some of the senior leaders of the firm did not have confidence in her leadership. So she quickly called a meeting of all senior Xerox leaders and said to them point blank that if any of them wanted to leave she would help. Mulcahy did this tactical move because she

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.142532
Retrieved Text: Finally, after shooting hundreds of weddings, our old man tied the knot last October. Yes, it happened. He sobs at times. But we are pretty sure that he is elated and happy the other times. This is his story. And also the bride’s story. I think.
Once upon a time – not so long ago, in a land not so far away, there was a boy who worked in the ‘Corporate’ world. He was known to be a little shy and usually dug himself into his work. He rarely had any time for friends.
And then there was a girl, who worked in the same company but was a lot more chirpy and fun loving.
She would come to his desk all the time to chit chat. He didn’t like it that much. But what could he do? He had no other option but to continue with the conversations. Long conversations.
It didn’t take long before he would offer to drop her midway cause their homes were not very far from each other and coincidentally came in the same route.
Unknowingly, he really enjoyed her company. He would wait for her occasionally, so that they could head back together. She did that as well. The friendship grew.
They became thick friends over the years. Oh, and she would eat all the fancy food that he used to carry to work. I was told to highlight that point. It was a game-changer in their lives apparently.
Best Friends or something more?
Days became months, months became years and they continued to stay best friends at

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.119726
Retrieved Text: Yesterday, Yin Zhiwu revealed in the program that the reason why she left Korea earlier was because a representative of a planning company, Yin Zhiwu, said that she was in her 20s, went to meet a representative of a company with the idea of trying to see the last company. At dinner, the other party suggested that she move to Jiangnan. Yin Zhiwu honestly said that she could not live in Jiangnan because she was in her original home. And Im not going to be late for work.
At this time, the president said, You did not understand, I helped you prepare a room, you go to live, I would like to see you. Yin Zhiwu immediately understood the words in the dialect and asked the other party who clearly had children, if the daughter heard this kind of thing, what would happen? The president was indifferent, and finally turned his face angrily and said, Dont you want to be an artist? Well, be obedient. Well-known artists want to associate with me. What are you?
Yin Zhiwu said that after the storm, she suffered from depression due to heavy pressure, and finally left Korean life. Show host Sun Shixi asked the representatives identity curiously. Yin Zhiwu said in a low-key way, Now she is still a very famous person.
Witness Zhang Ziyan was forced to take care of the president to talk to artists who wanted to associate with me.

================



======= Instance Index 47 =========
Input Text: Given that The assassin's tone and bearing were completely confident. If he noticed that Zukov was now edging further to the side widening the arc of fire he did not appear to be troubled. Therefore, it must be true that "Zukov was edging further to the side"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.018364
Retrieved Text: Celebrate England’s iconic birdlife with the Reed 21cm fine bone china side plate from William Edwards Home. Each 21cm bone china side plate is beautifully decorated with vibrant hand-painted illustrations, which showcase traditional English craftsmanship.
Celebrate England’s iconic birdlife with the Reed 21cm fine bone china side plate from William Edwards Home. Each 21cm bone china side plate is beautifully decorated with colourful hand-painted illustrations of birds such as kingfishers, reed buntings and lapwings showcasing the craftsmanship that is still found in the world-renowned Potteries. To add a further sense of opulence, 24-carat gold edging gives a final flourish to this fine bone china side plate.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.868225
Retrieved Text: Just 8 months ago we moved home into a much smaller block with a predominantly native garden. A wide strip of grass and lots of natural, native sand. I’ve finally got around to getting some before and after photos uploaded. The photo below was taken on the 29th October 2010. I had to laugh! The water bowl in the top photo has been moved around numerous times throughout the garden. Look at where it turns up in the photo below – not far from where it started actually!
One of the main design changes has been moving the concrete edging further out to widen the plant garden and the replacing of the lawned area with limestone pebbles. This has actually kept a more moist and humid environment which gives earthworms greater access and movement than then lawn appeared to. In digging up the lawn it was incredible to see just how resilient it was. The sand held no water (this was during late summer early autumn) and was very dry to at least a foot and a half which is about where the roots of the grass stopped!
The photo above was taken in March 2010. Not long after the initial changes to the garden beds after a hand from my brother. The original reticulation piping was modified to follow the concrete edging but to date has never had to be used. As is evident in the photo below the garden has established well. There is a much larger tamarillo (now over 7 foot tall and ready to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.42338
Retrieved Text: Installing a crushed gravel walkway in your yard provides a surface to walk on when the grass is wet and muddy. There are several advantages to using gravel instead of concrete. A gravel walkway is cheaper than using concrete, it allows water to seep into the ground rather than sit on top of the surface, which can make concrete slippery -- especially in the winter when it gets icy -- and it doesn't stand out the way a bare concrete slab does.
Dig a trench in the yard where you're installing the walkway. The trench should be 4 inches deep.
Smooth the bottom of the trench with a rake and tamp it down to make the ground firm.
Pour 2 1/2 inches of gravel into the bottom of the trench and smooth it with a rake. Spray the gravel with water to reduce dust.
Compact the gravel with the tamp.
Place landscaping fabric into the trench. This acts as a barrier that stops weeds from growing up through the gravel.
Cut a piece of 2-by-4 board that is 4 feet long and cut two notches into the board spaced 3 feet apart. The board will be used to space metal edging.
Install metal edging on one side of the trench. Edging is often installed by placing it against the side of the trench and securing it by driving metal pins into the ground though holes in the edging. Read the manufacturer's instructions for the edging you purchased to be sure of the proper installation method.
Place the 4-foot long 2-by-4 across the trench at

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.407282
Retrieved Text: A long-lasting Garden edging was once a rather elusive Holy Grail for persons constructing gardens. The resources, in fact, have ranged pretty much from segmented brick edging, to wood edging to steel edging. During these “Dark Ages” for edging materials, the disadvantages of for one shown through with depressing regularity.
The segmented brick edging required a supporting framework of cement or very undisturbed compacted materials and yet for all that was porous enough to allow rhizomes to reach through the cracks on their way to diabolical destinations, such as flower gardens or into the food garden. Timber edging needed either sawing and striating the wood to allow for a bending curve to suit a small radius or else using slapped together slices of thin veneers whose ever-duringness was always in question. Indeed, wood products are unfortunately organic as they can be which indicates the need for restoration when their time is up and they break down. Steel edging, while extremely long-lasting to some degree, was a dreadful product full of hazards for the installer and is extremely costly – especially these days. But these were pretty much the choices up until latter years.
The invention and widespread acceptance of plastic edging has led to a revolution based on many factors. Perhaps most importantly, this edging material can be as obvious or as hidden as the installer/designer desires. As a “sleeper” edging, it still functions well, sunk deeply as a vertical wall prohibiting expansions of weeds and rhizomes coming out of other areas. It as well supplies the perfect

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.268566
Retrieved Text: Very comfortable and stylish grip breeches with knee patches, practical foot cuff and side pockets trimmed with Spooks buttons.
Sporty hoodie sweater with two closable side pockets. At the front the SPOOKS-logo is sparkling imprinted.
Cozy headband with SPOOKS-logo patch and glitter application on the edging. The headband has a soft teddy lining.
Cozy loop with SPOOKS-logo patch and glitter application on the edging. The loop has soft teddy lining.
Comfortable Spooks Sox to complete your outfit!
Stylish, quilted vest with two closable side pockets, the SPOOKS-logo patch and a decorative zipper at the front. The hood is partly made up of felt. Further an extra mobile pocket is mounted on the side.
Keep warm whatever the weather this winter with the Spooks Emma Bobble Hat, available in a range of colours to match your outfit.
This stylish Spooks bobble hat has a classic cable knit pattern with a large pom-pom. The headband is lined with teddy fleece to keep you extra cozy.
Finished with the Spooks Union flag logo on the front with pink and silver detailing.
The Spooks Emma Bobble Hat is available in Black, Navy, Grey or Bordeaux.
These lightweight, comfortable Spooks horse riding socks have a thin leg, and are designed to be worn under close-fitting riding boots.
Featuring a contrast colour stripe and the Spooks logo on the calf.
Available in (from left to right) Pink/Navy, Navy/Ocean Blue, Navy/Pink or Navy/Red.
Very comfortable and stylish knee grip breeches with a practical mobile pocket along the right leg and elastic foot cuff. The grip is provided with small SPOOKS-crowns. In addition, the breeches have a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.107338
Retrieved Text: We are certified Paver Edging installers in Maryland.We have all the certification that are needed to carry out all kinds of Paver Edging services, which is installing and maintenance. Our Paver Edging craftsmens are all certified according to the laws and regulation of all Paver Edging professionals in Maryland.We ensure that we only employ professionals who have the right kind of certification to offer Paver Edging services. For all your commercial and residential Paver Edging services call 800-906-7554 and a certified Paver Edging professionals will handle your project.
At Paver Edging Guys in Maryland, we have fully protected our Paver Edging craftsmen and all the machines that we use when offering Paver Edging services. In the process when our team is handling your project and our Paver Edging experts causes any kind of damage in your compound be assured you will be adequately compensated. We deal with both residential and commercial buildings, and we are aware of risks and damages that can occur when working on the project, and that is the reason we have insured our experts and our machines. We are reachable on 800-906-7554, for further consultation with our Paver Edging experts.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.88541
Retrieved Text: On the further side of a path that bounds my June garden is a border about seventy feet long and ten feet wide. At every ten feet along the back is a larch post planted with a free-growing Rose. These are not only to clothe their posts, but to grow into garlands swinging on slack chains from post to post. Beyond are Bamboos, and then an old hedge-bank with Scotch Firs, Oaks, Thorns, &c. The border slopes upwards from the path, forming a bank of gentle ascent. It was first planted with hardy Ferns in bold drifts; Male Fern for the most part, because it is not only handsome but extremely persistent the fronds remaining green into the winter. The Fern-spaces are shown in the plan by diagonal hatching; between them come the bulbs, with a general edging to the front of mossy Saxifrage.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.866703
Retrieved Text: Landscape edging is a design detail that has an impact on the visual quality of the garden. Scalloped cinder blocks, and the contemporary precast concrete paver adaptation, can reinforce a traditional theme in the garden. The decorative scallop detail is meant to be seen; take care that it's visually compatible with the landscape work.
Edging retains loose landscape materials, such as gravel and mulch, to keep them from spilling over their boundaries. You can use edging mainly for functional purposes, but some edging products combine function with a decorative element. Apply edging with visible ornamentation where it's consistent with the garden style; to reinforce the garden theme. Make sure the product is also serviceable and long-lasting -- low-quality materials detract from the effect.
Scalloped cinder blocks are a concrete masonry unit made from waste products, including cinders -- ashes. The blocks have a decorative scalloped finish on the exposed, or top side. Scalloped edging is also available in a precast concrete paver version. The edging is manufactured in different colors, typically white, gray or red. Scalloped edging is evocative of garden styles from the end of the 19th century, when craftsmanship was prized and often showcased in the garden.
Scalloped cinder blocks or precast concrete pavers are manufactured in short lengths, with each end tooled to connect to another piece. Scalloped edge pieces are made in various configurations for curves and trim pieces, and you can plan the garden layout so that cutting the blocks isn't required. Dig a trench to the depth specified for the product, with a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.72535
Retrieved Text: When setting up an edging material you can specify the optimize thickness. The optimize thickness can impact the final optimized panel size depending on the settings for the input panel.
There are two main options. You can have MaxCut automatically reduce the final panel size by the edging settings. Alternatively you can have MaxCut keep the final panel size and "add" edging thickness onto that.
To demonstrate how to adjust the settings lets use the following input panel as an example. This panel has a 1000mm (L) x 500mm (W) size with 3mm Colour Example Edging along "Length 1".
To adjust the edging behaviour for that panel you need to click the advanced button on the bottom right hand side of the input panel window.
Then select the "Exclude Edging Thickness" option under "Panel Edging Thickness"
If you now run the optimization and look at the final panel size it will be 1000mm x 500mm.
Then select the "Include Edging Thickness" option under "Panel Edging Thickness"
If you now run the optimization and look at the final panel size it will be 1000mm x 497mm. MaxCut would have removed 3mm from the width of the input panel to allow for a 3mm edging along one length.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.501932
Retrieved Text: You will need: jersey; fusing; 1 separating zipper (depending on front part's length); elastic cord for the hood; 2 caps for cord.
1. Apply the fusing to wrong side of off-set welt and press the welt along the center. Fold pocket bags right sides together, insert the welt between them and stitch the edge of pocket entrance. Turn pocket bags right side out and press them.
2. Lay ready patch pocket on side part in accordance with marking. Stitch side part to front part inserting patch pocket with the welt. Topstitch joining seam. Stitch shoulder edges together. Stitch side seams. Stitch sleeves. Stitch sleeves into armholes. Stitch hood details together. Serge buttonholes into the hood according to marks. Fold the allowance under and topstitch it along hood's front edge. Stitch the hood into neckline.
3. Lay the zipper on edging right sides together (teeth are from edging). Overstitch edging with front facings inserting the zipper. Overstitch the neckline with facing and topstitch it along shoulder seam.
4. Press garment/sleeve hems under and topstitch hems.
6. Pull the cord into the hood.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.462257
Retrieved Text: Breathable and comfortable blue and grey sports brief with net inserts at each side to regulate your body temperature.
Flat edging at the waistline and legs to prevent chafing.
Breathable and comfortable black sports brief with net inserts at each side to regulate your body temperature. Easy-care fabric. Flat edging at the waistline and legs to prevent chafing. Buy today.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.352299
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Tiling Forum' started by AOIS, Sep 9, 2018.
Discuss Chrome Edging Trim Question in the Tiling Forum area at TilersForums.co.uk.
Im interested in people’s views of how this edging trim has been installed.
All other edges meet together in the bathroom but these two done look right to me?
Is this the only corner like this?
Yes that’s correct, all the other corners meet.
It’s the edge of a shelf the other side of the bathroom looks like this.
Still interested in views on this please?
Do you like it? Are you happy with it ?
Personally I think it looks terrible and he's made a mistake in the set out which has led him up stupid street.
Personally I’d do either one or the other, not a Mixage.
Would this be fairly easy to rectify?
No, it wouldn’t be easy to rectify.
I think you should have a chat with your Tiler.
Many thanks. I will post some further images this evening.
I think a bigger problem lies with the fact that it looks like a shower door frame runs up along that window/shelf.
Is that a shower door frame?
A couple more pictures showing the trim in different parts of the bathroom.
Thank you in advance for all the advice.
Its not the way I do it, but some people do do their trim like this.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.250881
Retrieved Text: Yes, I just broke into my own garage by removing the glass of the side window and climbing through!
To recap, this morning I discovered my Miata was stuck in the garage since the power was shut off to the garage door opener. PG&E refused to reactivate the power unless the past due was paid, and I couldn't reach my landlords all day. At 5pm after busy signals since 8:45am, I tried the operator who said their phone was off the hook, not an active conversation. I am a little worried about them, since they are an older couple so who knows what might have happened, but I only have a PO box to send my rent checks, and the operator would not give me any further information. I even tried googling them but no luck except the phone number I already have - which is also the number on the "for rent" sign that is still in front of the other unit. So, after sharing music at choir rehearsal tonight since all my music was stuck in the Miata, I got home at 10pm, changed clothes, got out my flashlight and investigated the garage side window.
It had always looked like a normal house-type window to me, more for decoration with its shutters that match the house, but all I had ever done before was glance in passing, taking it for granted. After a close look, I could tell it was never designed to slide open, so I was out of luck that method anyway. However, this

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.221886
Retrieved Text: I’ve had lots of lovely compliments on the edging I chose to do on my cosy stripe blanket, which I have found very encouraging. It was last year at this time that I picked up a crochet hook again after a 25-year break and its great that there is now such a community of other crocheters on Facebook, Instagram and on other blogs.
This is a descriptive post about my border, rather than a tutorial. If you can crochet enough to do the blanket, my border is very easy and I would be happy for anyone who wants to do a similar border to take whatever inspiration they like 🙂 Note that this is written in UK crochet terms. In the US, a double crochet is termed a single crochet, a treble is a double crochet and a half treble is a half double crochet.
The granny edging is my own thing and I am pleased that it makes my blanket unique, even though it is similar to all of the others in Lucy’s crochet-along. Lucy used meadow in her edge – my least favourite Stylecraft DK colour so I was never going to use that. But I did like the style of her border and my edge of the edge is pretty similar.
My first step was to use a low-key colour to go all around the blanket in treble doublets. I chose plum and made two trebles into one stitch of the previous row and then missed a stitch, and so on. For the sides I did

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.147314
Retrieved Text: Size: 240' Easy Flex Heavy Duty No-Dig Edging is easy to install right out of the box. Nostraightening or heating in the sun to make it flexible. Easy Flex Heavy DutyNo-Dig Edging has a thicker and higher wall compared to Easy Flex No-DigEdging. To install, place the edging in the desired shape and location. Hammeranchoring spikes through the tabs on the edging. It is recommended to placethe spikes a maximum of 40 in. apart. Pack includes (6) 40 ft. coils, enoughto do a 240 linear ft. installation. Multiple sections can be linked together.When connecting end to end, place the included connector on the bed side andspike through connector and both end pieces. Pack includes (72) 8" anchoringspikes and (12) connectors. Additional anchoring spikes are available and soldseparately. To cut edging ; use clippers or a hand saw, and cut an equaldistance between two tabs. Always wear appropriate eye protection whencutting.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.102034
Retrieved Text: Whenever you are looking for commercial or residential Lawn Edging in Wisconsin, consider Lawn Edging Guys. You will discover a highly qualified group of workers who offer Lawn Edging in Wisconsin at a budget friendly cost. Lawn Edging Guys is the very best service in the industry with the most cost-effective prices. Give us a call now! 888-200-2648.
Lawn Edging Guys could help you by supplying expert guidance and premium materials at a rate that will not break the bank. When you contact us by dialing 888-200-2648, we will answer all of your concerns about Lawn Edging in Wisconsin and provide you with a quote to the cost and schedule of any job. We work hard to finish each project at a reasonable cost with professionalism and quickness. We are going to outshine the competition in support service and customer satisfaction on every occasion. We're the best business of Lawn Edging in Wisconsin. You will not experience the clumsy errors and lower value supplies which other businesses are recognized for when you work with Lawn Edging Guys for all your Lawn Edging needs.
We guarantee that you will be very pleased with our work on residential and industrial Lawn Edging in Wisconsin. We offer informed guidance and quality services to our clients. Go ahead and ask any kind of concerns that you have, and we are prepared to answer them. We're devoted to promising your satisfaction with any Lawn Edging in Wisconsin job. When you need competent and prompt solutions, you're able to rely on our company to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.097708
Retrieved Text: 6mm Corten Steel Garden Edging Factory Price Corten A Steel Plate , Find Complete Details about 6mm Corten Steel Garden Edging Factory Price Corten A Steel Plate,Corten Steel Data Sheet,Corten Steel Plate Price,Corten Steel Price from Steel Sheets Supplier or Manufacturer-Gnee (Tianjin) Multinational Trade Co., Ltd.
May 15, 2017· I want Corten (weathering steel that takes on a rust patina ... s all this architect love for COR-TEN steel? : ... Corten supplier (for garden edging)?
Application: Mold & Dies, Ship Plate, Boiler Plate, Container Plate, Flange Plate Suppliers with verified business licenses Lanxi Kingway International Trade Co., Ltd.
We can also offer different grades such as GR350, Bisalloy or Corten Plates. *Not all items stocked in warehouse – please call or email for stock availability. **Please note all the listed prices are GST EXCLUSIVE. The required GST will be calculated at checkout.
Oudoor decorative corten steel metal garden edging is most popular materials widely used in architectural wall cladding system... See More Keenhai brings here quality corten steel plate for sale: competitive in great design, quality materials, exquisite crafts and reasonable price.
Hakonechloa macra ‘Alboaurea’ cascades over the side of the corten steel edging. ... steel used as a water feature on The Telegraph Garden designed by Sarah Price.
Corten steel planters and commercial plant containers from IOTA. Corten steel planters require no maintenance, and naturally develop a protective patina of bronze, rust and copper colours.
Keenhai brings here quality corten steel products for sale: competitive in great design, quality materials, exquisite crafts and reasonable price. We're known as one of the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.02221
Retrieved Text: Whenever you are looking for commercial or residential Lawn Edging in Montana, consider Lawn Edging Guys. You will discover a highly qualified group of workers who offer Lawn Edging in Montana at a budget friendly cost. Lawn Edging Guys is the very best service in the industry with the most cost-effective prices. Give us a call now! 888-200-2648.
Lawn Edging Guys could help you by supplying expert guidance and premium materials at a rate that will not break the bank. When you contact us by dialing 888-200-2648, we will answer all of your concerns about Lawn Edging in Montana and provide you with a quote to the cost and schedule of any job. We work hard to finish each project at a reasonable cost with professionalism and quickness. We are going to outshine the competition in support service and customer satisfaction on every occasion. We're the best business of Lawn Edging in Montana. You will not experience the clumsy errors and lower value supplies which other businesses are recognized for when you work with Lawn Edging Guys for all your Lawn Edging needs.
We guarantee that you will be very pleased with our work on residential and industrial Lawn Edging in Montana. We offer informed guidance and quality services to our clients. Go ahead and ask any kind of concerns that you have, and we are prepared to answer them. We're devoted to promising your satisfaction with any Lawn Edging in Montana job. When you need competent and prompt solutions, you're able to rely on our company to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.826021
Retrieved Text: Coffee / Side Table - Decorsit :: Supply Cafe Furniture, Restaurant Furniture, Pub Furniture, Office furniture and more.
Coffee / Side Table There are 49 products.
Coffee Table. Top: Lamianted MDF Board. Top Thickness: 25mm. Top Edging: Straight Cut with Round corner. Top Color: Woodgrain. Base: Spray walnut rubber wood leg (round / square).
Coffee Table. Top: Lamianted MDF Board. Top Thickness: 25mm. Top Edging: Straight Cut with Round corner. Top Color: Woodgrain. Base: YH 517 Steel Epoxy Black Base (4pcs).
Side Table. Top: Ø 500mm Tempered Clear Glass. Glass Thickness: 10mm. Base: Stainless Steel.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.769215
Retrieved Text: Installing new edging is one of the easiest, fastest ways to improve the overall .. Installation tip: Like plastic bender board, metal edging comes in long strips and.
Bender board, which is also known under a variety of brand names, is a synthetic landscaping material designed to resemble wood. It is typically made from.
Feb 25, 2010 . Brian H #10 installing the bender board.3g2 . How to Install a Beautiful and Affordable Paving Stone Edging - Duration: 7:47. dial2fast 498,361.
All it takes is a trip to a big retailer like Home Depot to pick up bender board edging. It's flexible and made from 100% recycled polyethylene plastic that comes in.
Do you want to replace those worn out bender boards in your concrete patio? . Now bender boards are made from synthetic products or recycled plastic and.
Dark wood appearance plastic bender board stakes.
Dec 13, 2006 . Have you used bender board to create winding area's in your yard for containing . I haven't installed benderboard myself, but my landscapers used it to . There are also some cheap plastic edging products that you can buy.
Amazon : Master Mark Plastics 99310 Terrace Board 10 Inch 10 .
Product Description. Size: Inquiries - by email. Made of hefty-weight recycled HDPE plastics . 99310 Terrace Board 10 Inch 10 Pack, Brown Stakes, : Bender Board Stakes : Patio . Master Mark Plastics' Terrace Board Landscape Edging Install Stakes are .. 5 star plastic stakes: 1 star deducted because, well, they are not.
Plan to attach the bender board to the stakes on the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.765823
Retrieved Text: Strong athletes from around the globe are flocking to skimo racing as a winter pursuit, which means that the specialized gear can become even more specialized. Higher levels of competition necessitate higher levels of performance. The Gara Aero Sprint ski is designed for the increasingly popular and increasingly competitive sprint and vertical racing formats. Ski Trab left no detail overlooked for maximum climbing speed. Narrower than most race skis, the Sprint is just 61mm at the waist, which instantly presents a noticeable advantage as soon as you leave the start line. With a narrower waist comes enhanced climbing prowess, more precise edging, and a noticeable reduction in mass. This adds up to a sure-footed platform that kick turns like it’s not even there. The ski is narrower at the tip and tail, which shaves every bit of unnecessary weight, but also lengthens the side-cut and further enhances the already impressive edging power on steep terrain. The tip has been reshaped to reduce friction and increase glide. The tail is a new shape from Trab: the Sprint uses a rounded tail which speeds booter transitions by making it easier to guide the tails into your ski carry loop. The top sheet is textured and encourages snow to fall off on its own, so no matter the conditions, your skis stay as light as possible. The aramid honeycomb core and cap construction dampen vibrations on the way down, making it easier to hold your line through challenging, tracked out courses. Interested in specializing your skimo career? The Gara

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.74053
Retrieved Text: Two dozen. Twenty-four. That's how many patterns I now have in my catalogue. 800 miles from Lerwick was released this weekend. This beautiful laceweight stole is a modern take on Shetland traditional lace. It combines elements of the practical hap shawl with the intricate wedding ring shawl to make an up-to-date very wearable stole. The centre lace panel (true lace, with patterning on both right-side and wrong-side rows) is started from a provisional cast-on. Once it is completed, stitches are picked up from the sides and from the provisional cast-on and the classic Old Shale border is worked in the round. Once that is completed, stitches are cast on to form the knitted-on lace edging which is attached to the live stitches around the entire work. The whole shawl is made from one continuous length of yarn (around 1500 yards) with the only "seam" being the graft of 9 stitches at the end of the lace edging on to its beginning stitches. Yes, it is possible to make a 70" by 26" stole with no monster-of-a-cast-off-row!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.678484
Retrieved Text: With our exceptional administration, robust technical capability and strict high-quality control procedure, we carry on to provide our consumers with dependable high-quality, reasonable selling prices and superb providers. We aim at becoming amongst your most responsible partners and earning your pleasure for Decorate Abs Edging Banding , Decorate ABS Edging Banding , Furniture Decorative ABS Edge Banding , with an aim to gain global recognition and sustainable development.
"Which has a positive and progressive attitude to customer's desire, our corporation constantly improves our merchandise quality to satisfy the desires of consumers and further focuses on safety, reliability, environmental demands, and innovation of Decorate Abs Edging Banding , Decorate ABS Edging Banding , Furniture Decorative ABS Edge Banding , We welcome you to visit our company & factory and our showroom displays various products that will meet your expectations. Meanwhile it is convenient to visit our website. Our sales staff will try their best to provide you with the best services. If you need more information please do not hesitate to contact us via E-mail fax or telephone.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.673101
Retrieved Text: This project was carried out in Woolton. Here we have Installed block edging and red tarmac to the front and rear areas. This project also included: a raised edge around front corner border, new fences around the front, side and rear of the house and to fix a cracked drain that was underneath the driveway.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.635677
Retrieved Text: My ex-husband is great at fixing things inside the house but when it comes to the garden, he has a black thumb. He wants a beautiful yard but is clueless on how to achieve it so I spend alot of time over his house helping him out.
He wanted to find some edging for his garden that runs along the front of his house and then down the side. He wanted something to keep the grass from creeping into the garden area but it also had to be decorative too. He has 2 large dogs that play in the front yard plus he smashes into things all the time with the lawnmower so it had to be able to stand up to abuse without cracking or falling over all the time.
We shopped around the local garden centers and brought home a few different choices which he laid out in the garden and looked at for a few weeks. The style we ended up choosing was the Oldcastle Empire Edger. We liked this one because it is made of stone and have variations in the color so it blends in and looks very natural. Each piece sells for $3.24 at Lowes and looks like it is individual small stones but it is in fact 15 inches long, 3 1/2 inches wide and 4 3/4 inches high. We found it much easier to go with the longer pieces than to have placed many small individual stones. The longer, heavier design is also sturdier than individual stones and is harder

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.626068
Retrieved Text: In conjunction with her New Prints artist residency, and to close Edging Forward: New Prints 2018/Winter, join Shivangi Ladha for an artist talk and "Pint 'n Print" monotype demo.
Materials and beer provided, free and open to the public.
Kristina Davis, Kevin Pomerleau, Qiaoyi Shi, and Monica Velez, on view in Edging Forward: New Prints 2018/Winter present their work and talk about their practice, process, and inspiration. They differ widely in their choice formats, which include photolithography, frottage (on eyelashes!), aquatint, and lotion stenciled on our wall.
IPCNY is pleased to introduce the second cohort of its New Prints Artist Development Program awardees. As part of the program, the artists on view in Edging Forward: New Prints 2018/Winter were invited to apply for three opportunities for further development: an artist residency, artist mentorship, and sponsored coursework.
Before arriving in New York in March, Shivangi interviewed and photographed victims of acid attacks in India. She responds to their stories by using acid to etch their portraits into zinc plates. In the resulting series, acid is an agent of creation as well as destruction. With these prints, she aims to raise awareness of this particular form of violence.
The New Prints artist residency is divided between IPCNY's small workshop press and our partner EFA Robert Blackburn Printmaking Workshop.
Marco Hernandez. El Viaje, 2016. Etching.
All images (c) the artists.
Opening Artist Talks and unique installations | "Edging Forward: New Prints 2018/Winter"
Edging Forward: New Prints 2018/Winter opened with artist talks by four of the artists on view. Rod Nelson, Neah Kelly, Eszter Sziksz, and Shivangi Ladha discussed

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.555128
Retrieved Text: Concrete Edging – Planting flower beds or gardens in your yard can provide the satisfaction of having plants grown successfully. While you beautifying your yard or providing fresh vegetables. Although the beds will have a neat and clean outline when you first install them, they will eventually erode, or the grass that surrounds the beds will start to overgrow the edges. You can block this from happening by placing cement edging stones throughout the beds.
Place the cement stones on the floor around the edge of the bed where you want to install the stones. Dig a ditch in the ground between the lines. The trench should be enough to hold the stones halfway in the deep soil. Hammer a wooden stake into the ground at each end of the trench. Tie the bricklayer line between the stakes. Set the first stone in the trench, place the front edge of the stone against the edge of the trench. Place another stone in the trench next to the first stone.
Finish the installation of the stones in the trench. Line installation of a second mason on the corner of the bed. If you are installing edging on the side of the bed that runs perpendicular to the edging on the first side. If the bed is curved, use pre-cut curved stones in the trench. Continue laying the stones until the bed is finished. Fill the gaps around the back edge of the stones with dirt. Add water to the earth to get it wet and step on the ground

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.47829
Retrieved Text: This shawl begins with a variation on a garter tab cast-on, then the Body of the shawl is formed by increasing 6 sts on every right-side row. The wide lace edging is worked sideways, attaching to the shawl Body as you go. The lace pattern for the Body is presented in chart form only. You may work the edging from text or chart.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.470615
Retrieved Text: Jeff and Sharon both had unfun birthdays this year. In June, on Sharon's birthday, we were organizing the garage. Yesterday, on Jeff's birthday, he got to cut and pound cement. Though, on the bright side, he got to use a big manly tool. The plan was for Jeff to cut a line in the cement so that when he broke the section next to it, it would break along that line. It mostly worked. Then Jeff went through with a sledge hammer and digging bar to break up the cement for removal. Jeff actually expected to get a bit further on this project yesterday, but it took so long to get the cement out of there.
This is where Jeff started this morning. Today we decided to find some help for Jeff; someone who could actually dig. We don't want to break Jeff.
Jeff and his helper, Buddy, got a lot done today. Actually, they got further than Sharon expected. They finished excavating the path area, laid down landscape mat, then put down 6 inches of gravel and used a rented plate compactor to compact it down. Then they put in snap lock edging, and filled it with an inch and half of sand.Then we started laying the bricks.
And we continued to do that until the bricks started to run out and the rain really started to pour. Obviously, we'll be cleaning bricks this weekend. We put down the cardboard in an attempt to keep the dog child off the sand; it probably won't work.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.429714
Retrieved Text: Pair of replacement satin black edging strips to fit the Range Rover Sport 2 OEM side steps (L494). These strips are brand new, made by JNK 2000 Ltd and dispatched to you direct from the manufacturer. Price includes ONE PAIR of black satin finish edging strips, screws and fitting instructions.
Side Step Edging Trim Replacement in Black (pair).
Trims now available in satin black (polypropylene) to replace damaged or missing trims on genuine OEM steps.
Comes complete with fitting kit & instructions. Fitted in minutes & will never corrode or fall off again.
Suits cars with black pack &/or black wheels.
These trims are only available from us.
To Fit Range Rover Sport 2 (L494).
Please note that if you require a replacement strip for a QuickTread product (as opposed to Land Rover OEM) these are listed separately and are available for Range Rover Sport, Discovery 3, Discovery 4 and Freelander 2.
Outside the UK mainland? We can ship to you - just fill in the form and we'll send you a quote.
We need the delivery address so that we can provide an accurate quote.
QuickTread® products have been manufactured in the UK since 1987 by JNK 2000 Ltd, a company registered in England and Wales no. 05254946.

================



======= Instance Index 4 =========
Input Text: Given that A: for the moment, and that's what really is getting me about what George Bush's stand on the budget is right now is that he is saying, I am going to give you this ludicrous little tax cut so that you'll be happy come November, and you'll elect me again B: Uh-huh.  Uh-huh. A: and then I'm going to go on and just forget everything that I said B: Uh-huh. A: or you know, it doesn't seem that it's going to make much of a difference. Therefore, it must be true that "it's going to make much of a difference"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.164991
Retrieved Text: MANNY PACQUIAO: "IT'S GOING TO BE A BIG DIFFERENCE COMPARED TO THE LAST TWO FIGHTS"
"It's really important, but, you know, like I said, nothing personal. I'm going to do my job in the ring and make sure that I'm going to win the fight, and I will pray to God that nobody gets hurt and the fight will be successful...I don't think it's the same fight, you know. It's going to be a big difference compared to the last two fights that we had. This is going to be a good fight for me because of the weight and the style and the power is going to be different than compared to before. It's going to be a big difference," stated 8-division world champion Manny Pacquiao, who took time out of training camp to discuss his upcoming November 12 showdown with Juan Manuel Marquez. Check it out!
BT: Manny, thanks for taking a quick break from your training to speak with me. Is this fight with Marquez a little more personal for you than any of your other fights?
MP: It's really important, but, you know, like I said, nothing personal. I'm going to do my job in the ring and make sure that I'm going to win the fight, and I will pray to God that nobody gets hurt and the fight will be successful.
BT: Does the fact that Marquez thinks he should have won the last fight motivate you to really make a statement in this fight?
MP: I don't think that's what he thought, but, you

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.04775
Retrieved Text: Q: How much trees does it take to make this poster? A: Less than it takes to make a tree!
Okay, we know they should have said "how many trees" but it's the holidays. Forgive and forget. Get the House Christmas tree (poster) from Atypyk for €22.00 (that's $30.80).
Those type of modern alternatives to trees are fine for adults. I think anyone with small children should go to the effort of getting a real tree, or at least make a fuss of decorating an artificial one. Just think of all the happy childhood memories you'd be creating!
Personally, I've gotten a bonsai christmas tree this year. It's 18 inches tall and lives in a pot. I'm going to plant it back out in nature after the holiday period is over. It's probably not going to make much of a difference to the environment but I think it's a nice idea anyway.
What is irresponsible about a Christmas Tree? they are a sustainable resource -- grown on farms and fully recyclable.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.771841
Retrieved Text: I came in this morning to find this on my desk!
Do pink tigers eat peeps?
I can't have coffee, since it gives me palpitations ... does it really make that much of a difference?
It makes a difference to me! To most of the wonderful women I work with, actually - we buy filter coffee by the kilogram bag! But I also think it's the community of sharing coffee - making a pot and then preparing cups for everyone who wants one, knowing how everyone takes their coffee . . . it's a team bonding experience, to be honest.
Sounds like a good idea, although are you sure the tiger's not going to take a flying leap ... ?
Arright. I guess it's like bacon sandwiches were when I was at uni.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.557386
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Graphics Cards' started by Kaapstad, Sep 29, 2018.
Hmm actually his GPU looks overclocked, maybe on water?
Not got anything special going on, just an overclocked MSI GTX 970 4G. I'll see if I can run another benchmark and see what it comes up with.
I'm going to say it's the other 2's processors though.
Although I suppose that doesn't explain why that 1060 is so much lower as well.
Also knocked my CPU back to stock settings, so 3.4ghz with the base turbo and power limits set, vs 4.2ghz all core turbo and it doesn't seem to make any difference.
It has to just be the CPU's the other two are using, if you look at the CPU Render results, mine are a decent amount higher.
Just realised what is going on.
There is an RX580 on the board above your 970, they are normally close to a 1060.
I think what has happened is the settings are filling up the 3gb VRAM on PiKe 1060 and holding it back.
I have updated the scoreboard with your new run.
This comparison shows the 1060 3gb on its back foot because it's missing 128 shaders in addition to the 3gb of memory. I can't see there being much difference between 2nd and 3rd gen i5.
Got a new Benchmark to add. VEGA64 running 1556/1000 @ 1V. Using drivers 18.11.2. Looks like now with the high stutter count and the fact it's only 84% GPU limited. The 3570k can't do much more.
Here's one for 1440p as well, same settings as above.
Benchmark results with the GTX 1070 Ti

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.401451
Retrieved Text: I bought myself a pair of Rokit 5, and the guy at the store told me that the simple TS cables were good enough. Does it make a difference from TS to TRS? i understand the TRS is balanced etc, but in this situation, where they are running into my focusrite 24, and nothing else is going in there....do I need to go back to get the TRS?
I think you need TRS. Seems the unblanaced input is RCA and the balanced input wants to see TRS or XLR.
I'd just stick with balanced if you plan on using the 1/4" input. TS should *work*, but it would be much more subject to noise/interference/buzz.
Ok. Thanks guys. The store is 40 min away, and I didn't want to have to go back lol. But if it will make that much of a difference, then so be it. I'd rather have the quality. I was just wondering if it's worth it; I would use XLR but the saffire doesn't have that, and I don't know how much of a difference it would make.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.3125
Retrieved Text: DESOTO COUNTY, Miss. — A young man in Nesbit, MS has been having a difficult time.
He's been very sick, but thankfully he has a school bus driver who noticed and wanted to make a difference.
Our play maker Shelly tells us why she wants to help her passenger in need.
"We are trying to help a little guy on my bus who just had a kidney transplant. His mom was a match, and he received the transplant. Now, times are a little rough," she said.
She says the child is on a lot of medicine and just wants to be a regular kid.
So the school community has come together to help the little boy named Seth.
"It's our culture at school. We take care of each other," Shelly said.
We are passing on $300 from News Channel 3 and $300 from anonymous donor in Nesbit, MS for a total of $600.
"This is going to help them so much," Shelly said.
At this point we found out the teacher and assistant principal have a surprise of their own.
"So the mom and son are going to get more than $600.
Once a month we have another donor that gives us an extra $400. So Christine and Seth received a total of $1,000.
They also received some household products and groceries.
"We are passing it on because we love you," Shelly said. Christine definiely felt loved.
So about Seth and how is he doing?
"It's been good. It's been a rough ride, but it's not as bad as being connected to a dialysis machine," Christine said.
Seth's life will be so

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.195415
Retrieved Text: Jake Tapper Pushes Back On Rudy Giuliani's Dog Whistles About Election Fraud In "The Inner Cities"
JAKE TAPPER (HOST): Why does [Donald Trump] call for people to go to elections, to go to polling places to be election monitors? Why does he say “if I lose Pennsylvania, it will be because it's stolen”? Pennsylvania, a state that hasn’t gone Republican since 1988?
RUDY GIULIANI: There are a few places and not many in the swing states, there are a few places where they have been notorious for stealing votes, Pennsylvania, Chicago, there have been places where a lot of cheating has gone on over the years. I know that from my own knowledge, of bussing people in from Camden. When I ran for mayor of New York City, the first time, some people voted eight and ten times and the second time I had firefighters and police officers outside checking on the buses so we take down the number of the bus, the bus that voted ten times and then we wouldn't let the bus vote again. When I asked Randy Levine who is now president of the Yankees, who did this for me, I said how much cheating did we stop, he said I think we stopped about 75 percent of it, and we're still going to have to give them about 25,000 votes. I'm sorry, dead people generally vote for Democrats rather than Republicans.
TAPPER: So he's not talking about elections being stolen except in some cases when he is talking about elections being stolen?
GIULIANI: You want

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.073767
Retrieved Text: Religion is not black and white. It's much more complicated. Spirituality is much bigger than that. God is much bigger than that.
It's great to see people who find joy in service and don't close their eyes and aren't afraid.
Susan Abigail Sarandon (née Tomalin; born October 4, 1946) is an Academy Award winning American actress and activist.
Kind of like the difference between making love and masturbation, I'd say.
Religion is not black and white. It's much more complicated. Spirituality is much bigger than that. God is much bigger than that. I don't believe in a wrathful God. I believe he's much more forgiving and inclusive than some religions. The things that are done in her name or his name are horrible.
Every relationship starts out with a dream of what you think it's going to be, and you either have the tool kit when you get to the hard spots where you'll make it through, or you need to move on.
This page was last edited on 31 August 2018, at 22:51.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.882605
Retrieved Text: On Wednesday it was announced that the Washington Redskins Charitable Foundation and the Dale Jr. Foundation will be teaming up to make a difference in the lives of local children.
Exciting news was revealed Wednesday at the Redskins' 56th annual Welcome Home Luncheon as it was announced that the Washington Redskins Charitable Foundation is teaming up with the Dale Jr. Foundation to celebrate student achievement.
NASCAR star and diehard Redskins fan Dale Earnhardt Jr. is bringing his foundation together with the Redskins Charitable Foundation to make a difference in the lives of young people throughout the DMV area.
Together the two foundations will re-design and create a state of the art library at a local elementary school. The school will be selected from the more than 140 schools actively participating in the Redskins Read Program and will be based on the students’ accomplishments in the program.
The Dale Jr. Foundation was established in 2007 and has raised more than $4.2 million to help those in need. Earnhardt Jr. said Wednesday that his foundation works with about 80 charities a year, but supports roughly 300 different charities finanacially.
"I want to thank Dan [Snyder] for allowing me to be a part of that," Earnhardt Jr. said at the luncheon. "We're going to have boots on the ground. We're not just going to write a check. We're going to be in this together, helping to design this, helping to make the choices on this design."
On the track, Earnhardt Jr. has totaled 26 career victories, including two Daytona 500 wins. He's been a lifetime

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.844263
Retrieved Text: You mention sweating, that's one thing that I don't do I rarely sweat. I think that's why heat bothers me so much.
I went ahead and joined the MS Gym. I have improved in my walking already, I've had other people mention that I'm walking better so that's positive. My biggest obstacle is to find the time to do the exercises every night.
It's a shame that it's so expensive to have this done. I checked, and to go to Russia or Mexico it's about $75,000 Canadian.
He does have lots of free videos on facebook and youtube to look at and a lot of his exercise's seem to make sense.
I'm going to give it a try, I don't feel very good and feel like I'm getting worse all the time. So I feel it's worth a shot and my hope is if I spend money to join that I will actually do it.
Topic: Is Dr. Sclafani still around?
Re: Is Dr. Sclafani still around?
I convinced myself to have it done at least a dozen times only to talk myself back out of it. Now I'll never know if the procedure would have made a difference in my life.
Okay thanks, it's hard for me to find the time to try this much longer without taking away from my sleep. I'm going to try harder though to make more time.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.718096
Retrieved Text: Is short man syndrome driving you to act smaller than you are?
Are you always measuring yourself against others and feeling that they've got an unfair edge on you?
Anybody who tells you that physical proportions don't make any difference to anything is talking nonsense. What size something (or someone) is makes a difference in all sorts of ways, in different circumstances. But, as with many other things in life, context is everything. In the unimaginably vast universe, relative differences in the size of human beings cannot be said to count for much.
Except, you will say, among the human beings themselves! Human beings sometimes act as if their relative height is something of consequence. Of course, in certain contexts, it will make a difference. A fly-weight fighter who takes on a heavy-weight will have to find a way to deal with the size difference. A taller person is going to be able to reach that high shelf when a shorter person won't make it.
But that kind of difference is really a matter of practicalities and the laws of physics. It is not a question of value. Short man complex stems from value judgments about being taller or shorter than others. Value judgments are subjective (that is, they come out of how you see the world). They are also very susceptible to social conditioning (that is, you are likely to be strongly influenced by how others see the world).
So when people around you seem to value a taller physical stature over a shorter physical stature, and you are a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.67009
Retrieved Text: My scales say I'm up a pound this week. I've been so sick this last week and now Dale has it. I stopped taking my diet meds. so that I could take my anti-biotic. I was afraid of how they would interact. I looked it up on the internet and it advised against taking them together. I couldn't stay home from work, so I struggled through it. I'm better so now I'm starting back on them today. My head is full and I am still blowing my nose all the time. But no fever and chills. Thank the Lord! I didn't eat that much, so it's got to be water gain. It will be OK. Dale missed church yesterday he was so sick. That's the first time in years and years that he's missed. I can't even remember the last time. I left him in bed this morning. He was some better last night. It's bad stuff already and it's only Sept. I hate to see what the rest of Winter will bring. Maybe we are getting it out of the way early this year.
Friday night a few ladies came over and we made mints for the wedding. I had Pizza Hut deliver and had a good time. I felt so nasty though I didn't really enjoy it much. I didn't make many of them, just put them away as they were coming out of the molds. I wish I would have taken more control. I may get more fixins and make a few more they

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.666105
Retrieved Text: How much of a difference does it make as far as performance goes on PCSX2? What about 32-bit to 64-bit?
If it's as big of a difference as I might hope to see in responses, I might have to just get a copy of Vista64 just to try PCSX2 on it.
(06-01-2009, 01:33 AM)BlueToast Wrote: How much of a difference does it make as far as performance goes on PCSX2? What about 32-bit to 64-bit?
32bit-64bit doesn't impart any performance benefit. But if you're looking for future-proofing and/or have >= 4GB of ram, it's a good idea to get the x64 version.
DX10 in general outperforms DX9 by a noticeable margin. Gabest is actively developing the DX10 portion of GSDX, so that gap is just going to keep on increasing.
All in all, I say go for it if you can get a copy of Vista x64 and your hardware has available drivers. If you're a student at a US university there's a good chance you can get it for a steep discount through your CS department.
Most games get better speed with DX10. I get 10more fps on tekken5 with DX10.
But yeah DX10 will make most games faster overall anyway.
what are your specs? internal resolution? do you use any speedhacks?
Skip Vista and get 7, you can download a free copy and use it till june 2010 I think.
(06-01-2009, 03:05 PM)kyoko Wrote: Skip Vista and get 7, you can download a free copy and use it till june 2010 I think.
On my machine, Gsdx performance in DX9 mode is abysmal, whereas in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.645573
Retrieved Text: I'm going through a journey of finding out who I really am, and what I'm meant to do in my lifetime. I know many of you are too, so I thought I'd share some of my learnings so far during my journey. For decades, I've wondered what I was meant to do. When Naya became ill, I knew that I was chosen and meant to carry Naya through her life, and be strong and loving for her. My upbringing shaped and prepared me to carry her. I also know that I'm here to see that Zak thrives, survives the loss of his sister and becomes the man he was meant to be.
-Dream big, really big -Always have a dream you are shooting for -One person can make a difference in the world. I can make a difference. You can make a difference. -A sports legend said to me after coming in second that "#2 is the first loser". True in sports, but it could be true in many places. Figure out when #1 matters, and make it happen. It's part of the dream big. -Your entire life is part of your narrative. In my case, my upbringing prepared me for the unimaginable loss of my lovely Naya, and also prepared me for being an advocate for children. In Monica Lewinsky's case, she's helping us understand the price of shame. What's your narrative? -Be compassionate -Have empathy -Have a daily dose or two of inspiration. Surround your day with inspiring people. It's a cycle...they inspire you, you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.553112
Retrieved Text: Petrol prices seem to be always going up, so it can feel like a painful experience whenever you have to go to the pumps. But a few small changes could save you money, and could help you reduce your impact on the environment too. Here are some of the things to make sure you're doing to increase your fuel economy.
If you're not in a rush, don’t be afraid to take it easy on the roads. Not only will this make you safer, it will also make a big difference to your fuel consumption. The AA says that going 70mph rather than 80mph can use 25% less fuel, and reducing your speed further down to 60 can save a further 15%!
Having slightly flat tyres can create unwanted drag on your car that can cost you money. Check your tyre pressures to ensure that you are getting the best performance out of your car, especially when you are initially pulling away.
When it's really hot you might not want to follow this advice but, when the weather is cooler, turning your air-con off can make a huge difference to fuel consumption. Although this is not so much the case for the latest cars, many older cars will benefit a huge amount from this. Reducing your usage of air-con in start stop traffic will make the most significant difference to your fuel usage - around 5-10%!
Ensure that you do use your air con from time to time as not using it for prolonged period may cause it to break. At

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.46724
Retrieved Text: Make sure to work with a company you trust!
Contact our team today for transparent pricing.
Everything I've talked about in this report has a bearing on the price you'll pay. Size, efficiency, accessories, permits, installation, quality, overhead, warranties, guarantees.
They all affect the cost of your system. When you call for an estimate, do you think someone is going to say, "We're the cheapest in town - that's because we cut corners!"? No, you know they're not. You see, they never have to justify why they're the cheapest, because to most people, cheap is good. Everyone gets excited when they get a cheap price. Nobody asks, "Why?" From now on though, you will.
From the lowest priced manufacturer to the highest, the range in cost to the contractor is no more than $200 - $500. But then why are estimate from different companies all over the place?
You should be able to see why, as I said earlier, the cost of the equipment itself (what it costs the contractor) does not make much of a difference in the price you pay. That's the one constant price in all of this. All contractors pay pretty much the same thing, and even the difference from manufacturer to manufacturer is not that great. It's the variables that make up the difference and you need to decide how important it is to you that those variables are done right.
That's why, even if you narrow your choice down to 2 or 3 models, you still can't compare companies by cost alone. You've got to dig

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.382002
Retrieved Text: I think I'm just mostly angry at him. He knows it's wrong, but just like the rest of the sheep he is incredibly able to justify his sin.
My mom calls him a bleeding wound that bleeds money. He gets tickets like it's going out of style, he steals money and credit cards. He smells like pot- he uses all of us.
If you hold a problem close up to a person do they see it? It's amazing how he'll try to turn it around and make it a "parenting issue". Our parents are too mean to him and they don't understand him and can't grasp how "enlightened" he is. I'm not quite sure when being a junkie was being intelligent. No matter what.
I can't tell you how much I hate this. How much I hate the lies that come out of his mouth. I want to slap him. It's that bad. It feels the same as when we were younger and I got mad at him for something and I was able to grab him by the hair or scratch him with my nails. I wish I could do that again. Maybe it would make a difference. If I could just grab his hair hard enough or scratch him to make him bleed, he would change.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.343622
Retrieved Text: Because a six-pack isn't going to get you far in the long run.
There are things everybody looks for in a partner. A good sense of humor, compatibility, and a six-pack, just to name a few. But some traits are so much more important than the obvious— so don't look over them.
Because when you're fighting, it's the one thing that's going to get you through. They'll be on your side even when they disagree with you.
You'll stop problems before they start if you can talk about everything.
In the long run, you'll need to try new things. Better to have someone who's up for it.
It's way overlooked— and will make a partner seem so much more bearable.
You need to be able to laugh it off. Even the really big, bad things. Being able to make a joke out of anything is a life saver.
In the long run, it really is the little things. They make all the difference.
Someone who can be aware of their own actions— and how those actions affect others— is so important.
I don't mean they have to be a millionaire. In fact, it doesn't matter how much money they do make. But being aware of money can save a lot of stress.
Someone who will thrive to get the job done, no matter what— they're always a solid bet.
Sure, it's nice that they want to do things with you— a lot of things. But someone who can be their own person within a couple makes sure that you don't lose yourself in the long term.
Being able

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.250233
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'The Projects Forum' started by jellytot, May 30, 2016.
A few days ago, I measured the current draw of a load, powered by an 1.5V AA alkaline battery. It was around 100ma (and today, a retest with a fresh battery, the load draws 150ma).
Today, I measured the same load, but this time it's powered by a 1.5V (1A max) wall adapter. This time, the current draw is 450ma.
Why the difference? It's my understanding the load will draw as much current as it needs, so if it really needs 450ma, why didn't it draw that much from the battery (which I believe can output a maximum of around 2A)? Is there an error in my understanding on how current works?
It's actually better for me if the load uses less current (it's OK if the load doesn't "work" as well). I was going to switch the load from battery power to a 1.5V regulator, but there aren't a lot of 1.5V regulators that can handle 0.5A, plus 0.5A would create a lot of heat in the regulator. Anyway, can anyone shed some light on whats going on?
ETA You can use an adjustable regulator to get 1.5V e.g. LM317T can handle 1.5A. How hot it gets depends on what voltage you supply it with.
The load is a TEC (Thermoelectric Cooler) max rating 15.4V, 3A.
I do have a 1.5V (out) linear regulator, that can handle 0.5A. Input voltage will be 5V. I worry about the amount of heat that will be generated, but I haven't tried it yet. Would

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.195862
Retrieved Text: We look into the Quad Channel and Dual Channel performance of the new X79 platform and compare it to the well established Z68 one.
Memory performance on the new platform has been all over the place and I've personally been talking to both motherboard and RAM manufacturers to see what we can do about the performance. The big issue at the moment is under AIDA64 - an almost industry standard benchmark for us, we see that Quad Channel isn't painted in the best light.
It's not our job to go out there and make sure the product is painted in the best light. It's not like Intel has turned around and said anything to us, though, it's just this personal issue I'm having at the moment with the numbers we're getting out of Quad Channel memory in our normal benchmarks. It doesn't make sense that from a bandwidth perspective it offers no more performance than Dual Channel, if not slightly less at times.
Some of the numbers we've seen under AIDA64 haven't lined up with what you'd think Quad Channel is capable of. The general word around was that if you look at the performance under SiSoft Sandra and Passmark PerformanceTest, you're able to get a better idea with what's going on with bandwidth for the new standard.
So today with our Corsair Dominator GTX8 kit we've taken the time to run through not only under AIDA64 again, but also PerformanceTest and Sandra. We've also run our RAM in a number of different settings, but we'll cover that in the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.175846
Retrieved Text: Why do I get the feeling this will hurt the independent licencees far more than it will hurt the chains?
From what i heard on weekends, "happy hours" have to be at least 48 hours long as to put off pubs from having them... Happy Weekends sound quite nice.
People will just buy cheap booze from the 'offie' so it's not going to make one pick of difference.
"If approved, it would make happy hours illegal and would allow local boards to refuse a licence if an area was already flooded with pubs and clubs."
Weren't they supposed to be doing this in Aberdeen with the minimum drinks price not two months ago? i've got a funny feeling this won't go through either.
this happened in glasgow ages ago (the ban on happy hours)...cheap pubs stayed cheap and expensive ones stayed expensive. Not that much difference really i dont think.
apparently pubs aren't allowed to put up posters or give out flyers with drinks offers on them, but that hasn't stopped pretty much every pub on Belmont Street displaying 'make it a double for 1 more' posters everywhere.
Does anywhere have happy hours anymore? I suppose we could kiss good bye to spinning the wheel at Flying Circus if it goes through.
"If approved' date=' it would make happy hours illegal and would allow local boards to refuse a licence if an area was already flooded with pubs and clubs."
Difference being that Aberdeen's decision would have contravened the licensing laws, whereas this will change the licensing laws.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.129345
Retrieved Text: Clyde: Where do you think you're going?
Clyde: No you're not! Santa is the only one who can deliver the presents.
Willie: No, only a Claus can deliver the presents, and that is a Claus.
Fred Claus: Only one man's going to walk away from this thing, and I promise you! It's going to be the lightning-quick dude with the big yellow things in his hands! Dig it?
DJ Donnie: What up, Brother Fred? Can I get a 'ho ho... '?
DJ Donnie: Ooh, you Scrooge, you lose.
Willie: Charlene, do you think it's possible we can make enough gifts to meet our quota?
Charlene: Baseball bats, lose four seconds, 55... Yeah, it is possible.
Willie: It is, but, Fred, that's not what the kids asked for.
Fred Claus: Yeah, but all that matters is that each of the kids get a toy. That they have something that they can open when they wake up in the morning. Most importantly, they all know there's somebody who's thinking about them.
DJ Donnie: I'm from the south side of the north pole man.
Willie: Are you sure you wouldn't be more comfortable on bottom, Fred?
Fred Claus: To be honest Willie, I don't think it's gonna make much of a difference either way.
When Fred gets to the North Pole and the Security elves take him down. Fred comes up and the snow on his face change between shots.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.108606
Retrieved Text: After 47 years of education and public service the Central Branch of the Windsor Public Library will turn a new page.
Library CEO Kitty Pope took a moment to reflect on what's to come at the launch of the Downtown Mission's Building Hope fundraising campaign over the weekend. The Mission will be taking over the 101,000-sq.ft. building on June 28 after purchasing it from the city for $3.6-million.
Pope's says moving thousands of items is going to be quite the feat — but knowing what's next for the building makes it worthwhile.
"This isn't going to some unknown purpose; they are using every single square foot. As much as they're very humble about making a difference with the homeless and the opioid crisis that we're dealing with, they are going to make a difference with this building," she says. "That's what I think sustains as we go through this moving process."
The primary reason for the move is the massive building is underutilized, so everything won't fit in the library's next home.
Pope is excited to see where they can spread the wealth of knowledge and services the library supplies to other branches.
"Push our collections out to areas that have been wanting some collections, and then re-evaluating exactly how we provide our service," says Pope. "It's not about the physicality, it's about the service and the access to that service; it's a good exercise for us."
She says the library will close to the public about a month before the move; then it's all hands on deck for the move.
"We'll likely be

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.063488
Retrieved Text: Array of card is going to be a tough task in your case. You must not decide on the cardboard by inspiring others invitation card you bought. It is best to select an attractive but reasonably priced card for inviting your circle. It's not sure that only pricey playing cards are very good and beautiful but a simple and straightforward reasonably priced card also can impress in your acquainted. It is best to far more consider within the wording in the invitation cards simply because it is going to influence most to your reader. The language should show your politeness and someday the receiver isn't going to read through the cardboard due to lengthy make any difference of card and so the make a difference mustn't that lengthy being browse.
Men and women express that net has the solution of all difficulties as well as in the event of invitation cards. You are able to discover the appropriate invitations playing cards as per your need on the web. You may discover wording for all kind of invites and also a lengthy choice of invitations card styles. You'll find some providers which might be specially functioning for invitation cards as a career and these organizations have internet web pages. You may stop by these web pages and solute your confusion. You may find below much other form of cards these types of as thanks playing cards, birthday playing cards, congratulation playing cards and many others.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.05172
Retrieved Text: Since the new year there hasn't been much baking going on here. That way there are no temptations to sabotage my diet, but of course, the blog starts to suffer. I'm currently waiting for my new oven to be fitted, which I'm hoping will be this week, so this could be my last bake in my old oven. I have no sentimental connection to my old oven, and can't wait to get my long awaited new and shiny model fitted. The old one has done well though, and has been put through it's paces for the past 11 years, despite being a bit crooked, hotter on one side, not having a functioning light & worn away temperature controls. The main difference will be my hob, as I'm getting rid of my gas one and having an induction fitted. This is going to make a huge difference in terms of speed - the gas hob takes an age to bring water to the boil - as well as giving me an extra work surface and be easier to clean. I'm just a little bit excited..
Onto the Bramley apple crumble slices, which were a Sunday morning bake, eaten as an afternoon snack after working on a fence in the garden (husband & Jack) and going for a run (myself & Hanna), as well as dessert after a big roast.
Make the base by adding the flour, sugar & butter to a food processor.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.039492
Retrieved Text: I've been suffering from breakouts for about two years now, and while they're never too severe, they still make me feel incredibly self conscious about my skin. My acne first flared up when I was about fourteen, and I was prescribed a contraceptive pill to help clear it. The results were amazing, and I enjoyed lovely clear skin right up until my early twenties. While today my pill still keeps the worst of my acne under control, these past few years I've been getting a cluster of pimples around my jawline that don't want to shift! I've no idea what the cause is, but due to them being located at the bottom of my face I'm guessing it's hormone related. Therefore, after reading a dozen articles on the milk and acne relationship, I've decided to go dairy-free for a while to see if it makes a difference.
Now, here's the science-y bit: Cows milk (particularly skimmed/semi-skimmed) contains natural growth hormones that are thought to nourish spots by blocking pores and making skin greasy. It's also packed with androgens such as testosterone which can create an excess of sebum and aggravate acne. Seeing as my pill suppresses testosterone, it makes sense to think that milk and dairy products may be making my skin worse.
I've noticed that I tend to get more spots when I come home from uni. My family are all big tea drinkers, so whenever my parents make themselves a cuppa they make me one, too. I also eat a lot more cheese when I'm at

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.999859
Retrieved Text: Everything in the world right now seems sort of jumbled right? So often I want to make a huge difference and impact, but I feel like it's much bigger than me. But then again, maybe not...(I did say I was never going to say that something was too "BIG" again didn't I!) So, I urge you to take this on! Help influence others about ways that we can make the earth beautiful for future generations by eliminating plastic. Please make the Promise, commit to it and pass it on...this is something we can all do as ONE!
Thanks to all of you who have already signed the Promise..it's amazing that in 1 week we're up to 234!
Carry a tote...bring with you EVERYWHERE!! I even bring mine with me when I buy clothes. I know it's looked at as "not the norm" but I don't need 10 plastic bags just to bring my clothes from the store to my closet!
Carry one of these with you to the produce section...Wouldn't you rather these over a plastic bag for your fresh, organic vegetables anyway? I think it's such a great and simple idea!
Have a beautiful...plastic free day!!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.919424
Retrieved Text: Whenever a science experiment involves something exploding or a rocket launch you're always on to a winner! This one kinda combines both so there's no way the kids aren't going to love this experiment!
STEP1 - Your washing up liquid bottle is going to be your rocket! It's best not to waste the whole bottle and to do this experiment when there's about a 1 cm layer left in the bottom of your washing up bottle!
WARNING: Make sure to do this experiment outside! It's a great experiment but it does make a real mess, outside only for this one!
EXTRA WARNING: Make sure to only do this experiment with bottle tops that can "pop off". This way your bottle can never explode, as when the pressure gets high enough the top will pop off and that's what will launch your rocket!
STEP2 - Now the warnings are out of the way, let's get cracking! Fill your washing up bottle about a third of the way up with white vinegar and mix it in with the washing up liquid.
NOTE: Some types of bottle will need more pressure than others to blast off. If it's not going to launch you can flick the bottle top open and that will fire a stream of foamy goodness! Not as good as launching a bottle but still pretty good!
As the bicarbonate of soda reacts with the vinegar and releases carbon dioxide. The pressure builds up in the bottle and eventually it'll be too much and the lid will go pop! A gooey stream of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.906044
Retrieved Text: Not really into this stuff, but thought this video was cool. https://ca.screen.yahoo.com/plane-in...200514361.html It makes you wonder what little difference a tip shape, or small design change really does overall. The cloud is deformed above the plane for quite a distance in this pic. I remember seeing a video of a light plane going through some mist over some trees too, maybe someone can find it and post here.
Last edited by aspeed; 02-08-2015 at 07:04 AM.
I love that over-wing condensation and vortexes. Yes the winglets on the ends of the wing make a HUGE difference in performance.
The ability of the big heavies to create such vortices is why there's a wait time after a heavy takes off or arrives before smaller planes can use the runways.
I suppose it depends on what you define as huge but I think you might be disappointed how small it actually is but then just one or two percent is significant in the very competitive airline industry.
Well yeah i guess "huge" is subjective. NASA measured a 6.5% improvement on a 707. I consider that very big for such a small part of a plane.
Well, actually it was a KC-135 which is a Boeing 717 not a 707, there are significant differences.
And the loads imposed on the KC-135's wing did some extensive structural damage. That is why you see very few retrofit kits on airliners. Those that have winglets were usually designed with them from scratch.
And the NASA 6.5% improvement was ONLY in straight and level cruise. For a typical tanker mission profile

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.90144
Retrieved Text: Hello, welcome to the final week of our course, Understanding Violence.
It's nice to be with you again, Deb.
partly because it was about prevention.
all the different sites where one can do, preventive work on violence.
you know the legal realms, community organizations.
there are just so many approaches and, somewhere in there something works.
well as out in the mid-west where you can actually target, high risk gang members.
involved in violence, involved in the criminal justice system.
just really shows the how you can do that, the grassroots level.
protective factors to really have a difference.
whether it be religion, criminal justice, public health to impact violence.
see what they might be able to do in their own back yard to impact violence.
organizations which started with peep's, people's passion to do.
like men stopping violence >> Yes.
using the tools they have, being creative about dramatic performances.
It's really, it's really quite inspiring in, in, actually, I thought.
me one of the take homes has been, really the importance of empathy.
in trying to understand why some people are violent.
as well as being a victim.
And that is why we decided to have the Day of Compassion that you're doing this week.
As one of the, the things we'd like you to accomplish in this course.
Because it is about trying to understand life from another person's point of view.
if you haven't really lived it yourself.
that's why there might be neglect or something that's going on.
saw about how you can address it at both the individual as well as the macro level.
better schools, you know for, for students or better safety.
enough green

================



======= Instance Index 34 =========
Input Text: Given that Obeying his instruction, I proffered my hand, open palm upwards, towards the animal. The ratbird climbed on and began to preen its fur unconcernedly. Nobody will blame me if I say that in the circumstances I became very uneasy. Therefore, it must be true that "in the circumstances she became very uneasy"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.192951
Retrieved Text: THE WONG STREET JOURNAL breaks down the complexities of global poverty, privilege and economic theory using uneasy-to-read charts, live hashtag wars, and riveting slideshows from post-conflict Northern Uganda. Wong tells the story of how she as a not-so-white savior, became a hip hop star in Northern Uganda. Wong combines self-skewering personal narrative with a hilarious interrogation of America's legacy on the rest of the world.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.0624
Retrieved Text: She suddenly shot up in bed. A very loud ‘bang’ woke her up while she slept deeply under the warm covers in her cool room. She was too scared and nervous to investigate, but something was telling her she just had to. She slowly pulled the covers off herself, and stood her bare feet onto the cold floorboards. She quietly tip-toed to her bedroom door, slowly opening the door and peering out of the crack with one eye.
She didn’t spot anything out of the usual. ‘What on earth was that noise?’ she said to herself in her head. She had a roommate, but they were out of town for a few days visiting family. She suddenly felt very uneasy as this was the first night she had been alone since living in this house for 2 and a half months. She didn’t like being alone.
As she slowly opened the door she felt a slight breeze in the hallway. She looked curiously from side to side. The right side was towards the bathroom, and the left was towards the lounge room and the kitchen.
She built up the courage to go right and investigate the bathroom first. There was nothing out of the ordinary in here, everything was as it was left. She turned around and slowly walked the other way, towards the kitchen. She began to smell a slight burning, gassy smell. She turned to face the stove and it had been turned on. She rushed to quickly turn it off. ‘I haven’t used the stove today..’

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.99192
Retrieved Text: Plans for the status of Mount Vernon College have yet to be determined, but will be finalized in the near future, GW Director of Public Affairs Mike Freedman said.
Despite receiving financial help from GW since last year, MVC has not attained financial stability. Now the University is trying to decide the fate of the college, which became affiliated with GW in Oct. 1996.
Students of the all-women’s college on Foxhall Road in Northwest, Washington were told the recommended course of action for their school’s future would be announced last Friday.
But no decision was announced at the Board of Trustees meeting at the Visitors’ Center Friday.
MVC junior Anne Bell said she wants the necessary time to be taken to make this important decision. But she added she hopes a decision will be reached soon.
“I feel we have been left in the dark as far as what’s going on. This is a big decision and we all have a right to know,” Bell said.
GW Student Association President Kuyomars “Q” Golparvar said the MVC student body’s attitude amidst uncertainty is commendable.
“The students have been really upbeat though the uncertainty of their future makes them uneasy. It makes them uneasy, but the students are great and full of energy and optimism,” Golparvar said.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.72546
Retrieved Text: I was referred to Marian from one of the companies she often helps. My mother, Carol, was given less than one week notice to find a senior living arrangement during the holiday season. Marian coordinated and executed the move in only 3 days. We were nervous about pulling off a complex move with my mom living in Erie, PA and us in Maryland. The initial free consultation took less than an hour where Marian explained her services and completed the walkthrough. Everything from her contracts to her explanation of the services provided was clear. Her calm and passionate approach to her clients was clear in our short interaction with her that first day. During the walkthrough, she recommended what should be moved, as we didn’t have my Mom available to help decide. She then visited the property to ensure everything would fit.
Marian planned, sorted, packed, and organized the move, beginning at 4 pm the day we met her. She kept in constant contact throughout the process. The day of the move, she coordinated all the activities including the movers, facility and continued to keep us in the loop. Afterward, she staged and settled my Mom in the unit and made sure everything was put away in a place that made sense. My Mom was initially uneasy during this transition but Marian kept everything calm and under control. Mom became very happy during this stressful day because of Marian.
your moving and relocation needs met!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.277754
Retrieved Text: A quaint English village was the last place anyone would expect to find murder. But that was exactly what confronted Robina Mellanby when she came to Burnham Priors, with no idea of the hate and jealousy which smothered the tiny village. From the day she moved terrible events threatened to destroy her ideal life. Somehow she had to protect her home, her husband and perhaps even her life!
Moving house is always an exasperating and stressful event. But Robina Mellanby, in her cheerful, slap-dash way, was perfectly able to cope with the ordinary exigencies of the move. Her real anxieties were more deep-rooted. To move so close to the home of Martha Birch, with whom her husband, Sam, had once been in love, might prove to be foolish. Martha’s husband certainly seemed uneasy about the situation. Adding to her worries, Robina hears about an old man who was nearly killed in a hit-and-run incident in the area. And when another victim dies in circumstances that point undoubtedly to murder, the life in the house suddenly turns into a nightmare. For in the aftermath of murder, Robina finds the whole structure of her existence threatened.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.745335
Retrieved Text: Rose Kren and Thom Kren are metal working artists living in Grand Haven, Michigan. Among metalsmithing, Rose is also fluent in glass bead making, bead stitching, as well as drawing and painting.
From a young child she always showed interest in drawing and painting, and once High School came along it became a driving force, a passion. With her portfolio, she was offered a full scholarship to the Chicago Institute of the Arts but had to decline due to life circumstances.
In 2004, she became an employee at The Creative Fringe, a bead store in which she learned all of her beading, glass bead making, and metal working skills. After two years she became the Manager, writer and instructor of all classes.
In 2009, Rose opened a shop on Etsy called .sprouts. as a side hobby. She didn’t pursue it to it’s fullest extent to further her artwork until 2012. At this point, she had created a very successful shop with over 1000 sales and five stars worth of customer service repertoire.
In 2013, she quit managing the bead store and decided to become a full-time metalworking artist and is currently active in multiple brick and mortar shops as well as art galleries around the United States.
In 2014, Thom Kren quit his day job and became Rose’s full-time partner in jewelry!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.719885
Retrieved Text: Word out is that Nigerian sweetheart Genevieve Nnaji is currently boiling with rage after Nollywood actor Okechukwu Joseph succumbed to press pressure to reveal his brief affair with the actress.
We hear the glamorous actress is feeling betrayed and has been uneasy since the story came out today, because of his ‘not so bright’ image and the various brands she is representing.
Joseph disclosed that his romance with screen goddess, crashed because Genny could not accommodate the fact that he was still carrying the badge of virginity at that time.
“I had no difficulty mingling. What I had issues with was entangling- copulating. And like I said earlier, I wasn’t ready because I was a virgin and I didn’t want to tell anybody. I was always making excuses about why I couldn’t ‘get down.’ In fact, this is one of the reasons my very short relationship with Genevieve was such a disaster.
“This is the first time I am admitting this publicly. Genny and I met and became friends on the set of Mark of the Beast, of course in her very early days. It was as though we were in some type of experiment. But I learned a lot about her within that short period. Two unforgettable moments – the day she introduced her little brother to me and the day she told me literally everything about herself. She trusted me that much.
“My mind was racing like crazy and I kept wondering how so little people knew about this young Amazon who was out to play the Esther for

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.464148
Retrieved Text: my blog рost :: Which Trampolines are best.
9 Οκτωβρίου 2013 - 3:58 μ.μ.
11 Οκτωβρίου 2013 - 6:40 μ.μ.
16 Οκτωβρίου 2013 - 8:59 π.μ.
"As a unimportant friends with I liked to predisposition in fervour , guzzle from it what you can and actively trick enhancement of every moment. Gone robust days in the backyard with his friends playing in the leg. Except as a replacement for, I was a scout and I was no visitant to hiking and climbing. If it was not associated with name uneasy , I pine it was me this days . My continuance was associated with an contrasting occupation haleness circumstances and undamaged health. In appendix wonted sprains and fractures is not nothing education esn 'educationally subnormal' with me . idyll ended when I began my studies at the Warsaw Polytechnic . turned entirely of it insensitive that there me adequately organize looking seeing that the uninitiated in interest. became the most pre-eminent studies and attain favourable results . trip on on the pizazz swapped to smash into at the college . Changes are also friends , all my above-named convention likes sports was in my hometown . became my choice wind-up with a serendipity of cheaply , as a swot of beer. And in this purport began my ensuing abhorrence of being overweight. Currently I reshape a 6 year noachian son is post like me in my petty . should fritter away his without surcease , he likes to on e advance on cheaper than zest, distinguished it fully . 's

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.421171
Retrieved Text: When Analy Navarro discovered her daughter needed a liver transplant, she felt overwhelmed. Then she met a friend who helped her through the experience.
Like many babies, Julia Navarro’s skin looked yellow after birth. Her parents weren't worried and assumed it was normal infant jaundice. But as time went on, Julia’s behavior became concerning. She seemed listless and wasn’t reaching milestones.
Uneasy, her parents took her to the doctor where Julia underwent numerous tests. That's when the Navarros learned some upsetting news: Julia had biliary atresia, a rare liver condition that occurs in infants. The bile ducts inside and outside of the liver are scarred and blocked; the bile cannot drain into the intestine and builds up, leading to liver damage. Experts don't know what causes it.
Julia wasn’t a candidate for the Kasai procedure, which is used to treat it. This meant their then 4-month-old daughter needed a liver transplant.
“You get a little scared, like, ‘How am I going to get through this?’” Analy Navarro, 33, of Lawrenceville, Georgia, told TODAY.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.339827
Retrieved Text: Last August I came from Osaka, Japan as a Buddhist minister and I am now serving mainly at Higashi Hongwanji Mission of Hawaii. I am not from a temple family and before becoming a minister I was an office worker in a bank and other companies for twenty years. During that time, I continued to listen to the Buddhist teachings in various temples and read many books on Buddhism. Why? Because I had a very precious and wonderful encounter with the Buddha when I was a university student at which time my father suddenly died of cancer.
At that time, I met an elderly lady, Tatsuko Kato, and this was my precious encounter with the Buddha. She had a brilliant light about her with a great deal of compassion and humor. In addition, I felt she had a strong spirit enabling her to withstand any severe circumstances, no matter how unfortunate. There and then, I deeply wondered why she had such a compassionate and strong spirit. Gradually, I discovered that she was a very earnest and sincere Buddhist seeker.
From her youth, she had been listening to the Buddhist teachings, especially Shinran Shonin’s message, in order to encounter true happiness in this world. I was greatly inspired by her attitude toward life, and so I also naturally started listening to the Buddhist teachings. How fortunate I was and still am!! She often said to me that even if she were very busy in worldly affairs, her first priority would be to visit the temple to listen to the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.227695
Retrieved Text: Are You Choosing Faith Over Fear?
One thing that I have become privy to is the fact that as I have gotten older, I have gained more inhibitions and have become more fearful.
I’m originally from New York and taking the train was once a part of my daily routine, when I was in college. I was too young and too self-unaware to be in tuned with many of the things that I am in tuned with now.
I now live in serene Maryland and recently accepted a new job offer in Washington DC. I have the option of driving about an hour in dense traffic to get to the city. Or take the train, which is about a 15 minute commute. Obviously, I chose the latter!
I find that the train system in Washington DC is far different than that of New York. There are often more pressing safety concerns that have people uncomfortable here.
Last year, sadly, there was a lady who passed away because of a smoky stalled train in DC.
In my opinion, the train rides in DC are far less smooth than that of New York; they are often more bumpy and noisy; I don’t know if I am just more aware of myself and my surroundings now, but I often find myself uneasy on the trains in a way that I never was in New York.
My loved ones in the area have also cautioned me to avoid the train line in which I take going to work, because it is notorious for accidents, shootings, delays and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.227295
Retrieved Text: “Because I am a woman.”She told him.
“All woman cry for no reason.”Was all his dad could say.
The little boy grow up and became a man, still wondering why women cry.
“I gave her the sensitivity to love her children under any and all circumstances, even her children has hurt her very badly.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.210276
Retrieved Text: Being first time home buyers, we were unsure and at times uneasy about the process. Alicia did a great job making us feel comfortable by walking us through the process and keeping us one step ahead in any situation. She was very flexible in meeting with us as we had difficult work schedules to deal with. She made what can be a very difficult and frustrating time in life, a very encouraging and enjoyable experience! I would highly recommend Alicia to anyone looking for a knowledgeable real estate agent!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.17574
Retrieved Text: so we seek for ways to improve iSmart EHR system and increase effectiveness.
Camila has been making waves in the motivational speaking world well before it became a mainstream trend.
Among clever and talented people of WCH team we have a young doctor to be. Camila works in WCH and studies at the same time. Currently she is the sixth-year medical student of Tashkent Pediatric Medical Institute. So far, she has completed scientific courses including Anatomy and Physiology, Pathology, Histology, Radiology, Critical Care and Emergency Medicine, Neonatology, Neurology, Pediatrics, Internal Medicine, Ophthalmology, Obstetrics, Gynecology, Oncology and Surgery.
to a No - Fault patient?
We sorted the most recent regulatory news that should be interesting for health-care professionals.
Since its creation cloud-based electronic health records platform Practice Fusion was always declared as “free EHR” by founders.
The long story of canceling KX modifier usage and any additional payment after PT cap is reached kept therapists feel uneasy.
Medicare will start mailing new cards beginning April 2018.
WCH offers you to improve patient care and increase revenue. Just answer three questions!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.030119
Retrieved Text: Jun Ko, Aug. 17, 2018, 5:21 p.m.
On August 17th, lyricist Kim Eana took to Instagram to share her thoughts about Jonghyun and the apparent unease that comes along when his name is brought up: "It's upsetting how his name became a source of unease every time its mentioned. So today, I made him the main topic and talked about him a lot." Additionally, she shared a picture of a radio script with Jonghyun's name on it along with her thoughts.
A lot of fans gave her their thanks for remembering him and talking about him: "Thank you for remembering him", "It is upsetting how his name has become uneasy to say... He was a lovely person", I'm sure he's doing well wherever he is. Thank you for remembering him", and more.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.95636
Retrieved Text: Viewers of I&apos;m A Celebrity have expressed concern for Anne Hegerty – some going as far as complaining to regulator Ofcom, it has been reported.
Fans of the show voiced concern over Anne&apos;s treatment in the jungle after she failed to complete a gruesome Bushtucker Trial.
Some have even said that Anne, who has been diagnosed with Asperger&apos;s Syndrome, was being exploited for entertainment, it has been claimed.
Days after arriving in camp, the Chase star was picked to face Monstrous Monoliths, which involved being locked in a tomb while bugs, slime and fish guts were thrown over her as she tried to retrieve gold stars.
It all became too much for Anne who shouted: "I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here. I can’t do it. I’m so sorry," ending her trial early.
Ofcom have so far received two complaints about the episode, according to The Sun.
Mirror Online has contacted the regulator and ITV for comment.
The quiz expert previously told how ITV bosses told her to go into the Bush Telegraph if she felt uneasy at any point during the show.
Before she entered the jungle, Anne hinted her Autism could ruffle feathers in camp.
She said: “I might get peopled out, there might just be too many people around. I might feel like going to sit in the pool until everyone has shut up a bit. On the other hand it might have advantages if I’m not as good as other people at picking up on bad atmospheres I’ll be happy drifting along.
“One problem I have, that goes along with autism

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.87239
Retrieved Text: School time must be taken seriously. If your child needs to take time off from school because of an illness, or even if you have to take him or her out of the city, you need to let the school know why your child isn’t attending school. While the latter situation is not looked upon with kindness where obtaining leave from school is concerned, there may be circumstances (such as a death in the family) which may warrant a leave.
Writing a letter to the school to inform them that your child will not be attending school for a day or a particular period of time is quite simple. Laying down the facts is all that you have to do. Write down exactly why he or she is unable to attend school and provide proof – if your child is unwell, a doctor’s note will suffice.
My daughter, Maggie Herbert, who is a Grade 3 student at Mayfair Elementary School has been unwell for the past 3 days and unable to attend school. I had notified the school office about her absence last Thursday and was advised to contact you directly.
Due to the terrible cold spell that we have been experiencing, Maggie has been constantly coughing and has very high fever. Her doctor has prescribed high dosages of antibiotics and has advised complete rest for a week. I have attached the original doctor’s note with this letter for your reference.
Since exams are beginning in a few days, I am extremely concerned about that fact that she won’t be

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.869417
Retrieved Text: … the whispering souls and spirits calling to her across the bush; the surging and dying of the wind on the night air, the insistent beat of the kpanlogo djembe. Once more, her dreams were garish and crowded as they had been there. And she remembered that haunting. What was it that felt so ominous now?
Eventually, exhausted, she had slept, but it was restless and in the morning she had struggled out of bed feeling as though she had the worst hangover ever. Simon was already up and she could hear him downstairs as she went for her shower.
“Katy! Abi! Are you both up?” she had called.
As she swept brown eyeliner across her eyes, she became aware that he was standing in the bedroom doorway, a sense of agitation emanating from him. She could almost smell the sweat. She looked up and saw that he was leaning against the lintel staring at her. It was not a loving stare but a troubled, frowning one and she knew that he needed to tell her something that she wasn’t going to like. She knew him so well. Some money problem? Work? He wanted to resign from his job and let her to be the breadwinner? Oh dear – she hoped not. She didn’t have the years of promotions behind her to stand keeping the family on her income. But he had threatened that so many times.
She raised her eyebrows enquiringly. He shifted from foot to foot in the doorway and Jess began to feel very uneasy. Her hand

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.860777
Retrieved Text: Events CANCELLED ‘Avoiding the Object’ with artist Cornelia Parker, O.B.E.
The third in the series of talks 'On Loss and Creativity'.
We are very sorry to announce that due to unforeseen circumstances this event has been cancelled.
In 1997 she was shortlisted for the Turner Prize and in 2010 she was elected to the Royal Academy of Arts and became an O.B.E. Her work is held in numerous collections worldwide including Tate, London; British Council, London; Museum of Modern Art, New York; and the Yale Center for British Art, Connecticut. She was made the UK’s official Election Artist for the 2017 General Election.
The series will be chaired by Jon Stokes, Clinical Psychologist and Psychotherapist, Senior Fellow Oxford University; former Chair, Adult Department Tavistock Clinic.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.840967
Retrieved Text: “I only wear underwear with little pictures of Santa Claus on them, because then not matter what mood I’m in, it’s always Christmas…in my pants.” This week on The Malliard Report, Jim features a Tarot reader, ghost hunter, and a standup comedienne which happen to be all the same person; the talented and very funny Karen Rontowski.
Originally from Pittsfield Massachusetts, Karen has been a full time comedienne for almost twenty years. Deciding to pursue her dream and follow in the footsteps of her inspiration Gracie Allen, Karen left the northeast and soon found herself in Las Vegas. After her stint in Vegas Karen continued her westward journey and eventually wound up in San Diego California where she became a regular at the Comedy Store and The Improv. Karen today continues to see success in her comedy career and has been featured on shows such as The Tonight Show with David Letterman, and has rubbed elbows with some of the biggest names in the industry (Jay Leno, Sinbad, and many others).
As a described “elegant hippie” (according to a Cosmo quiz she took) she aspires to live up to her Bohemian moniker. Not only has she found great success within the entertainment world, Karen is also an established paranormal investigator and tarot reader. Karen shares that one of her favorite parts of touring on the comedy circuit is her ability to visit many different paranormal locations for investigations. Karen also discusses that even as common place as paranormal material is today, people still seem unsure and uneasy when

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.796265
Retrieved Text: Encouraged to move to Australia, she was a resounding success, in demand with leading couturiers and top fashion magazines. Just as well, for she was going to need all the fortitude she could muster throughout her life, as she rode the proverbial rollercoaster and endured the best and worst of times. While her career grew from strength to strength, controversy continued to dog her personal life. Encouraged to move to Australia, she was a resounding success, in demand with leading couturiers and top fashion magazines. Tina Grenville began life as Kristine DeLacy.
Widowed at the age of 20, in mysterious and still unresolved circumstances, she was forced to find work as a housekeeper on a remote Hawke's Bay farm. One of 'Paddy's Girls', an elite stable of top models, in 1964 she won Model of the Year. Beautiful and driven, Tina rose above the breathless, insinuation-laced headlines and went on to a successful modelling and acting career, to become one of the most recognizable faces on New Zealand and Australian television. Having cut her teeth with Madam Louise Charlton of Le Normandie restaurant in Wellington — where she mastered the basic art of French cooking — Tina started up a private supper club, Dining by Arrangement. But adversity can foster courage and determination, and Tina Grenville had both, in spades. Her insights into life, love and the lives of the lovely will have you laughing and crying in equal measure. Encouraged to move to Australia, she was a resounding success, in demand with leading couturiers and top

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.46315
Retrieved Text: Mark is mostly known for his appearance on the reality TV show called Graveyard Carz; he became very popular and successful owing to the type of career he chooses which became part of the factors that brought him to the limelight. He is a director and producer; he was found working as an associate producer for a short movie titled Trinket, he became more successful by his appearance on the reality TV show.
The show started in January 2012, and the show has been produced by a company headed by Mark Worman as the CEO, this made Worman very popular in the entertainment industry. He is widely known for his attribute of bringing the dead car back to life in a more beautiful and gorgeous way. This article will, therefore, look into Mark Norman achievement and his personal life.
Worman whose first car 70’s Dodge Charger with a 383 two barrel and the color as FK5 Burnt Orange was bought from an individual at the age of 16, he took to the global entertainment world his skill of car resurrection and this has earned him great respect and fame in the entertainment industry.
He became an expert in the business industry where he was a director and producer, but at this period, he earned little income. The biggest earnings came when he created the TV reality show Graveyard Carz by bringing dead cars to life.
This became a boost to his career, and his net worth since 2012 which marked the starting of the reality TV show has been rising

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.375227
Retrieved Text: Amsterdam, Netherlands, Jan 22, 2019 / 04:39 pm ().- Legalized euthanasia and assisted suicide have the longest history in the Netherlands: 17 years ago, the two practices became legal, under what were supposed to be very limited circumstances, available only to those undergoing “unbearable” suffering with “no reasonable alternatives” for relief.
“...guilt was a factor; if she hadn’t gone away, would her patient still be alive? Now she was making plans to leave the practice, but hadn’t yet made an announcement for fear of unsettling her other patients. ‘How can I stay here?’ she said. ‘I am a doctor and yet I can’t guarantee the safety of my most vulnerable patients,’” de Ballaige wrote.
Currently, a doctor is being investigated in the first case of euthanasia malpractice in the Netherlands. The case was the kind Van Baarsen was wary about - the woman in the case had signed an advance directive, requesting euthanasia if she was still mentally competent at the time it was carried out.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.355324
Retrieved Text: The position the Donetsk photograph published in Paris Match was taken is just before the red arrow in the centre of the map.
“What the dossier claims is staggering,” Michele De Luca, director of the Centre for Regenerative Medicine, told Science Insider.
German Hans Zollner leads the Centre for Child Protection at the Institute of Psychology of the Pontifical Gregorian University.
“Warsaw was once the centre of my universe,” recalled Milchberg late in life.
One Washington lobbyist who has worked on the ECFMU account in the past said he became uneasy with the Centre in 2012.
In the centre of this plain was another large koppie of which the river Ukufa, or Death, washed one side.
A seaside place, as a centre for motoring, walking or bicycling, is by its very essence one-sided or even less.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.352112
Retrieved Text: Nono Morikubo (森久保乃々, Morikubo Nono) is one of the characters available in THE iDOLM@STER: Cinderella Girls and THE iDOLM@STER Cinderella Girls: Starlight Stage. She is voiced by Karin Takahashi (高橋花林, Takahashi Karin).
"Um... jeez... I'm Morikubo but... ah, yes, I'm Morikubo Nono but, um, Producer-san, sorry for being so sudden but, um, I thought, that I should already stop being an idol... um, jeez..."
Apprehensive, Nono is easily distressed and uneasy. Originally introduced to the idol world by an uncle during a fill-in photoshoot, she didn't originally plan on becoming an idol. Dubious of her abilities, she frequently considered quitting her job and giving up immediately, but the Producer convinced her that anything was possible. Through other idols and Producer's encouragement, Nono frequently finds the strength to continue on with her idol career. Though being uneasy, Nono finds solace in her hobbies of poetry writing and hopes to one day be a picture book illustrator/author.
Nono has two famous catchphrases: "Though I'd rather ________." The blank is filled in with something safe and opposite of what she's doing. For example: be at home, hide under the bed, avoid crowds, etc. The second catchphrase is "it's impossible..." or "no waaaay...". Additionally, Nono alternates between talking in the first person and calling herself "Morikubo".
Because Nono is so fearful she frequently gets anxious before lives and hides under tables or inside closets, especially the producers' desk. While Nono was initially too afraid to make close friends, she was able to become great friends with Mirei and Syoko and the three together are

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.26719
Retrieved Text: Musician of her tinder album demands your. how do you know if the guy you're dating is the one of a weirdo. Two years. Uneasy listening: 43 edt, a great idea for her upcoming album. Has revealed she was. A little unsure of where her almost overwhelmingly bleak last album in an icelandic icon björk 1977, who she described her career. No one's there to this weekend, her listeners, 2018 girlfriend of possibly. Album. Indeed, dating 2017 grade: the 51-year-old star has been described her mesmerizing new album, is her husband. Today is the rumors upfront, biography, and follow-up china dating website free The icelandic singer's as-yet-untitled album, 2017 at a lesser one destination for more marriages than any. A 'dating album'. Depending on her idiosyncratic dress sense, wears live dogs on his head and it's all about the first since. Find the video to play https://tsuhangeinin.com/ano-ang-dating-pangalan-ng-lungsod-quezon/ history, will. Please support björk jóhannesdóttir vail. Please support of björk sent rock blogs rippling when she described her sound engineer? I could, 2017 at 3, wife, björk's ninth. She's a chance to a history of possibly. Fans will be part of a weirdo. This year, 2017 click here which is bjork teased fans will be the rumors upfront, 10: is as a very vague promise that it matters!
Artist: 15: björk's latest video to release in the content of pop singer, 2018, a friendly tradition dating is also the self-described tinder. Jump to see her tinder album demands your. Do you can find the gate, titled vulnicura tour in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.263515
Retrieved Text: Alexander Lernet-Holenia was born in Vienna in 1897. He served in the Austro-Hungarian army in the First World War and became a protege of Rainer Maria Rilke. During his life he wrote poetry, novels, plays and was a successful screenwriter. His uneasy relationship with the National Socialist Party resulted in his removal from prominence in 1944, but after the end of the Second World War, he again became a vital figure in Austrian cultural life. He died in 1976.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.221352
Retrieved Text: Had she stayed vanilla or only incorporated one piece of her personal puzzle, she would have felt distracted and uneasy about the business she was building, like something was missing all along.
I was talking to one of my favourite clients today. I adore her and her amazing energy. So when she came to me, stuck and stressed, we dove right in to what was going on.
She had come so far since our last session, but hit a road block when she was designing her offers. She had two very important passions and was conflicted because she felt miserable building a business around one and not the other. It was enough to stop her right in her tracks.
You see, the energy and momentum in our businesses come from the passion we have for what we are building. When we don’t have passion for what we are building, we get stalled. But in this case, having so much passion to spread around was causing the same inertia.
What my client hadn’t figured out was how to design her business to incorporate both. If she couldn’t live without either, there was a good chance that it was because they somehow needed each other, at least in the work she wanted to do.
We spent the next 90 minutes digging deep into her own particular perspective on the work she wanted to do and uncovered an offer that nicely incorporated both passions and actually made perfect sense. This was her very own brand and what differentiates her in her market.
You know what

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.180765
Retrieved Text: Being a public relations writer means you are the voice of the client. You share their successes, innovations and ideas through a clever and delicate balance of words and phrases, creating a simple and concise message that entices readers beginning to end. It’s this exciting challenge of word play that defines my role on the IRONCLAD Marketing Team.
We are all faced with challenges daily, whether as individuals, small businesses or Fortune 500 companies. It’s not these challenges that shape who we are, but rather our reaction – how we respond to the circumstances, experiences, accomplishments and tribulations — that molds us. I write about how others have overcome, so I share with you a few of my curve balls that have impacted who I am and brought me to today.
I grew up in a small North Dakota town of about 2,500, surrounded by coal mines and power plants. My dad was a police officer, which, as you can imagine, made me very uneasy when I became a teenager. My mom held a few jobs throughout the years. She worked at one of the coal power plants in town, then the local golf course until she became a stay-at-home mom. I also had a brother, who was nine years older than me.
We lived in a very modest home, near the winding Knife River on the outskirts of town. I spent a lot of time at that river, catching frogs, swimming and fishing and I wouldn’t have traded it for an iPad, iPhone or Wii any day. In

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.1746
Retrieved Text: Melanie Viljoen was born with Athetoid Cerebral Palsy, which means that a nerve in her brain was damaged at birth, leaving her with severe movement disorder. She was assessed by the Red Cross Children’s Hospital, who at first thought she was mentally as well as physically disabled. Fortunately they were able to rule out any mental disability, and referred her to Eros School, who serve learners with Cerebral Palsy as well as those learners with Learning Difficulties.
Melanie started at Eros School at the age of 3 years old, living in the hostel. The staff at the hostel were kind and loving and treated her as if she was their own child. Her wheelchair became a part of her, allowing her mobility and a measure of independence.
Eros School has a very active extra mural sports program for their disabled learners, and when Melanie started grade 7, she became very involved in this, going on to qualify for the Western Province team. The excitement continued that first year with her breaking her first world record. The school was very supportive and Mrs Lambert, Melanie’s class teacher, became her coach. During her sports career, which ended in 1997 after she left school, Melanie broke many SA and World records, received a sports lady of the year award, accumulated 25 gold medals, and won a floating cup.
Melanie really loved being at Eros School – they made her dreams become a reality. On leaving school she received a bursary to study as an Admin Clerk at the Academy of Learning, passing

================



======= Instance Index 12 =========
Input Text: Given that A: I do too, so she couldn't possibly turn them out like some of these popular writers, B: Huh-uh. A: but oh, her books are just incredible. I don't think they've ever made a movie, do you? Therefore, it must be true that "they've ever made a movie"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.194319
Retrieved Text: Last night I tried to watch adventures in babysitting.
That movie brings back memories.
I remember a part in the subway where Chris says, "don't eff with the babysitter." But she doesn't actually say "eff." She says the real deal.
My little brothers and I used to quote that to each other because we had no idea what it meant. We stopped when we found out.
I fell asleep and woke up at 3 then made my way to my bedroom where I had a lovely dream about the lead singer of R.E.M. trying to kill me.
Funny story was that I used to LOVE that movie. I mean, seriously, Elisabeth Shue was sooo hot. I digress. So I remember a handful of years ago telling them about it and so we watched it. Miserable. Don't ever tell your friends that a movie you enjoyed as a kid and you haven't seen in a long time and they've never seen is good. You've got sentimentality wrapped up in it... they don't. You'll look foolish.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.366543
Retrieved Text: And it's set in Greenland!
(SPOT.ph) It's only been a year since his showbiz comeback, but Aga Muhlach is already making all of his fans happier than ever. First, it was his return to film in Seven Sundays (with a star-studded, ensemble cast), then it was a throwback commercial for Jollibee. And now, he's going back to the big screen again and this time, it's with Alice Dixson as his leading lady.
The two have already starred in two projects together, namely, 1989's Hot Summer and 1991's Joey Boy Munti (Batang Ama). So, this movie is going to be their first one after 27 years—that's almost three decades! Still, AlGa fans (a.k.a. those who support their love team) are as supportive as ever because both Alice and Aga have been updating them with new details about their yet-to-be-named film.
The look test for the movie happened as early as March and the two have been shooting their new movie in the chilly, snow-laden country of Greenland since April. They've also been sharing photos of the whole process on their Instagram accounts.
Today, March 7, Aga shared another photo of him and Alice in snow gear, saying that they've finally finished shooting. "Really had a great time working with you!! We have a great movie! You are a revelation in this film! Proud of you, Dixson!!" he says, with a kissing emoji in the end.
The movie's title and plot have yet to be announced, but based on one of Alice's posts, their characters are named Elaisa Svendsen and Mark Alvarez. The

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.100039
Retrieved Text: "Just when they've found happily ever after, their wicked past is calling them home."
And why her IRL boyfriend is “unbelievable” in the new movie.
They're still rotten to the core.
The sea princess is here to rule the school.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.789076
Retrieved Text: Special weekend shows will feature a live performance from Bright Blue Gorilla, as well as a Cast & Crew Q&A and reception following the film! Doors open 1 hour before showtime with Red Carpet and food!
How do you find true love? Go With Le Flo! Florian is half-German, half-French and owns "Le Flo" - a French delicatessen in Berlin that specializes in salami. When he meets Camille, the daughter of a French director, it's love at first sight. Florian is going to ask her to marry him, but doesn't know she's already engaged to a movie star. Florian's best friend, Jenny, is German and owns a bakery just down the street. She's in love with him but doesn't know how to tell him. Go With Le Flo explores what true love is, with plenty of twists and turns (some on a Vespa), and lots of salami!
This Film is in German and French with English Subtitles!
Bright Blue Gorilla is all about taking chances. In 1990 Robyn Rosenkrantz and Michael Glover quit their L.A. jobs, sold everything they had (except their guitars), and bought one-way tickets to Europe. They've been traveling ever since, charming audiences around the world with their music and movies - and giving back by teaching "how to" workshops at festivals and film & music schools. They've made 5 feature films which they booked at art house cinemas in Europe, touring with the films, doing concerts to support the release. BBG career highlights: They acted with Matthew Broderick and Alec Baldwin in "The Last Shot".

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.729446
Retrieved Text: It doesn't matter where you're at on the outside. What counts is where you are on the inside.
In the time of great cynicism against televangelists (the 1980s), there came this hilarious satire of religious TV. If you've ever seen "The P.T.L Club", "Praise The Lord", "Peter Popoff" or "Benny Hinn", you'll understand a lot of the jokes in this movie.
The summary: Ray and Darla Porter (Curry and Potts) love two things...they love you and they love the Lord. They also love one more thing...money. They've been bilking a nation worth of religious people out of hundreds of millions of dollars. One of those people was the aunt of Claire (Kozlowski), a simple Arkansas girl. When her sweetheart Jesse Wilkes (Paxton) comes to town, she feels better, but there's still something amiss. Claire's cousins Joe and Arnold (Dennis Burkley and Glenn Withrow) have made their way back home from a long time in the pen. Jesse doesn't believe in the televangelists and when informed of Claire's aunt's passing and subsequent donation to the Tower Of Bethelem, Jesse suspects something. With guns in hand, the motley foursome are off to settle a score.
Befriending a pot-smoking video controller (Geary) along the way, they take back the money and try to escape. Instead, they've made it onto the stage where Ray and Darla are staging a never-ending celebration of the Lord and all his miracles. Jesse sees a golden opportunity and hijacks the broadcast to tell of all the double-talking and lies in the Porter ministry.
At first, this just seems

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.660858
Retrieved Text: I made this poster for the 'Sequel' show at iam8bit. The Lawnmower Man is a bit of a guilty pleasure of mine. When I was a kid the idea of virtual reality seemed like just about the coolest thing ever. Anyone who tried early VR however knows, it was actually pretty garbage (just like Lawnmower Man 2). But with the recent VR revival, the time is right for a proper sequel.
My idea for the movie is based around the release of a mysterious VR MMO, but as players get deeper into the game, they start to experience weird visions and they realize that while they've been playing, their bodies have been taking on a life of their own. It would be way more horror than sci-fi and it would definitely win all of the academy awards.
You can buy the print along with a bunch of other cool posters here.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.62239
Retrieved Text: Your event is sure to be a blockbuster with these movie themed placecard holders on your tables Your guests will feel like they've walked the red carpet when they see their seating assignments displayed on these unique movie themed place card holders. Made to resemble the classic movie clapboard, each 4.5 inches x 1.5 inches favor has a poly resin base with a wire cardholder extending from its top. Sold specially from fun&favours with matching movie themed place cards included (as shown), these favors really give you the chance to give your guests top billing Individually Poly-Bagged.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.372993
Retrieved Text: I liked Monsters Inc. and The Incredibles too, though the first Toy Story is by far the best film they've ever made. Cars was... weird.
Personally I think that Shrek trumps all the Disney/Pixar movies for sheer all-round entertainment, albeit pitched at a slightly older audience. It was just the right movie at the right time for me when I was ten (also the age at which I discovered Keen, but that's another day's work). However, if asked to choose a Disney/Pixar flick it would have to be Toy Story.
Pity that two of the four Shrek films are utter garg.
Im not sure why this movie is so popular.
Bloogbae wrote: Im not sure why this movie is so popular.
Because Chris chan liked it and said Bring the whole family.
Honestly I'm not sure why; I'll do my best to spoil as little as possible.
There are some good gags here and there, but when you break down the plot to its crux it's a classic underdog story with a surprise layer of-...I suppose the best word to use is humanism - a certain redefinition of what creativity actually is.
I'll go out on a limb and say it may actually be worth watching it if you gravitate towards not just a creative disposition but rather raw creativity; undefined, boundless, pure creative power.
This movie propagates the homosexual agenda.
Paramultart wrote: This movie propagates the homosexual agenda.
I thought there was a female love interest?
Except if the Hero is Vin Diesel just doing it to be the Hero.
In any case, I just watched the Movie.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.217491
Retrieved Text: Hey, what's going on everyone? I'm Jeff (Bakalar?) for CNET.com. Today, we're gonna check out the brand new update for Xbox Live that's coming out on consoles December 6th. So as you can see, it is a complete overhaul of what we're used to seeing on Xbox 360 and Microsoft is actually calling this update the most important they've ever done. Pretty strong words but it's appropriate because they've completely redesigned everything here. Now, if you play with some Windows phones or you've checked out what's going to be planned in Windows 8. That same sort of styling, graphical interface what they're calling Metro has a very consistent and you know, recognizable theme throughout all these different platforms so they're putting it on Xbox Live as well. As you can see, they've taken all the categories that you can access on your Xbos 360 and made them horizontal on the top of the screen. So there is a (Bing screen?), home, social, video, games, music, apps and (??) that we're getting just 'cause we have it early and then the settings screen as well. So everything sort of has this tile sort of situation going on. Really nice to use, really easy to navigate. So when we first saw the new update. Microsoft said that it was heavily focused on voice and motion functionality which is why Connect plays a huge part in the new update. So through Bing Search, users can use their voice to search for any sort of content they would want to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.159206
Retrieved Text: Kim Kardashian, Scarlett Johansson, and More Stars You Forgot Made Music Video Cameos!
It's not even Thursday, but we couldn't help but post a throwback!
Sometimes movie and television roles just aren't enough for celebrities. In fact, before many of these peeps were mega famous, you probably saw them in a music video or two.
I bet you don't remember Kim Kardashian in Fall Out Boys' "Thnks fr th Mmrs," do you? Or what about Scarlett Johansson in Justin Timberlake's "What Goes Around…Comes Around"?
If it's not ringing any bells, you're not alone. We had to dig deep to find these gems.
Record labels may not be shelling out the same massive music video budgets they once did, but just because they've migrated from the big screen to the computer doesn't mean we've forgotten about them entirely.
These sneaky celebs might not have wanted their past to resurface, but they're so fun, we just had to share!
Click through our gallery below for the best celebrity music video cameos ever!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.154814
Retrieved Text: A list of the worst directors in film history who have made some of the worst movies ever. Through a combination of luck and major bucks, these awful directors have managed to have long, lucrative careers making films, even though they seem to lack any kind of discernible talent. Even more confusing and frustrating than the fact that studios continue offering these famous directors work is that audiences keep paying to see them. Some of the more notable films from the Hollywood directors on this list include Rush Hour 2, Con Air, Batman and Robin, and Star Wars: Episode I: The Phantom Menace - all blockbusters, all totally abysmal. These bad directors continue to churn out some of the worst films ever, ignoring basic conventions of storytelling, abusing special effects, and insulting the intelligence of critics and fans alike.
How many minutes of excessive car chase scenes could we count in the combined works of those listed below? Let us count the ways. These Hollywood hacks have ruined screen adaptations and sequels alike, not to mention their own original works (which we assume mu must have been greenlit by family friends, frat brothers, or studios execs who were blackmailed into submission). The bad directors on this list of drawn the ire and hate mail from critics and fans alike as they've made movie history for their terrible releases.
Vote up those you think deserve to be listed among the absolute worst directors, and vote down those you think aren't so bad. If your least favorite director (or director

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.151985
Retrieved Text: Roughly 30 minutes by car from the home I grew up in sits Goderich, Ontario. It's a pretty little town, sitting on the coast of Lake Huron and sporting the county's main courthouse, most impressive museum (which, admittedly, isn't saying much) and one of its few movie houses (a uni-plex that usually doesn't get ahold of films until they've been out for two months everywhere else). And to be honest, I was pretty sure that nothing much ever happened there.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.116236
Retrieved Text: Ever wanted to hear Linkin Park's 'In The End' sung by 185 different movies...duh! Of course we have!
We've seen a few of these over the years but we might have finally found one of the best. Linkin Park's classic grunge hit from the turn of the millennium was one of the hugest singles of their epic album 'Hybrid Theory'.
It looks like one Youtuber was such a big fan of the song they've put together this cracking movie mashup together.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.109285
Retrieved Text: John Timpane, my editor at the Philadelphia Inquirer, reports on John Huston's classic crime film The Maltese Falcon appearing once again on the big screen.
It's the best movie ever made about a paperweight that just sits there and does nothing.
The Maltese Falcon turns 75 this year. This 1941 Warner Bros. film was (amazingly) John Huston's first directing turn; he wrote the script, too, largely from the hard-boiled dialogue in Dashiell Hammett's 1929 smash-hit novel.
Now you can see it on the big screen - and you really should. The Maltese Falcon will fly Sunday and Wednesday on more than 650 big-screen theaters across the land.
Local venues include the UA Riverside Plaza, the University 6, the Ritz 16 in Voorhees, Movies 16 in Somerdale, the King of Prussia 16, the Neshaminy 24. For theaters, times, and ticket prices, visit here.
It's part of the year-long Fathom Events and Turner Classic Movies Big Screen Classics series. They've already done Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, and next month, from on high, The Ten Commandments.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.02799
Retrieved Text: Sacha Baron Cohen has offered to pay the fines of the six stag revellers who were arrested in Kazakhstan for wearing 'Borat'-inspired mankinis out in public.
The 46-year-old actor - who made the skimpy male swimsuit famous when he wore it to play his character Borat, a fictional Kazakh TV presenter, in the mockumentary film of the same name in 2006 - has agreed to fork out over £300 for the Czech tourists who were detained after they posed for a photo in their ''indecent'' attires.
The hit movie, 'Borat! Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan', was banned in Kazakhstan after authorities accused it of portraying the country as primitive and racist.
However, the foreign minister later thanked the comedian for boosting tourism as they've seen a rise in visa applications ever since it was released in 2006.
Sacha previously stated he will never again portray the controversial alter ego again because he fears for the safety of himself and his family - wife Isla Fisher, 39, and three children, daughters Olive, 10, and Elula, seven and son Montgomery, two - as he made his films and TV shows on the premise they he was a real person and his madcap antics can have seriously dangerous consequences.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.972082
Retrieved Text: It's finally here. The biggest Star Wars movie since the last one. We have made it through a catastrophic 2017 and all we have to show for it is a movie that is on the verge of giving me a nervous breakdown. Chris and I are joined by Alex (no, the other one) and we spoil everything right from the get-go because we lack self-control. Which one of us said it's one of the worst movies they've seen in theaters this year? Listen to find out.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.93855
Retrieved Text: Be alerted when Goat - Let It Burn (Colored Vinyl 7") is back in stock.
A notification will be sent to when the Goat - Let It Burn (Colored Vinyl 7") is back in stock.
Is "Let it Burn" the greatest Goat track ever made? The band thinks it's the best song they've ever written and Rocket Recordings certainly agrees. "Let it Burn" was written specifically for the climatic scene in the short movie Killing Gävle, the Guardian produced film directed by the very talented Joe Fletcher about the famous Gävle Goat in Sweden which every year local custodians try to protect a giant straw goat that is built for the town every Christmas being burnt down by mischievous pagans. Goat's music was the obvious choice to soundtrack the film – their back catalog is used throughout - but up to now it was the only place you could hear a segment of the 6 minute+ fuzz groover "Let it Burn." Now thanks to Rocket Recordings it can be heard in all its glory here on 7" vinyl. Not only that, but you get a brand new b-side, and like most recent Goat b-sides it reveals another exploratory layer to the band's ‘world music'. "Friday Pt.1" is a 4 minute excerpt from an organically evolving, cosmic-jazz, studio jam.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.919464
Retrieved Text: Of all the problems in the world, right?
Last Friday night Tom and I went to see "The Grand Budapest Hotel".
It was watchable, and may even have had some point, though don't ask me what it was. Even among the film critics who loved it, what the movie is supposed to be about, or if it's even supposed to be about anything, seems to be debatable.
Me, I don't have time for a movie that isn't about something.
But, hey, if a movie being about something isn't crucial for you, if you can enjoy a movie just for the great acting or the brainy dialogue, or the interesting scene sets, then you'd probably like "The Grand Budapest Hotel".
But unfortunately, on the night I saw it "The Grand Budapest Hotel" had another problem going on.
Now, those of you who've seen "The Grand Budapest Hotel" know that it's one of those arty, independent comedies that usually run in the arty, independent movie theaters that show arty, critically acclaimed, film-festival-winning, independent or foreign films that people like me like to go see.
Sometimes one of these arty movies will make it so big on the arty circuit that it will break out into the mainstream, as "The Grand Hotel Budapest" did, then lots of people will go see it.
Which is beside the point.
Anyway, the problem I'm talking about is when you're trying to watch one of these highly-acclaimed arty comedies and a good portion of the audience feels the need, from the opening scenes of the movie, to laugh loudly, uproariously and constantly,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.822598
Retrieved Text: When you've been around since 1991, you basically have two options: get with the times, or latch more firmly onto the sound that was your making. Like the Prodigy or the Chemical Brothers, Plaid have opted for the latter option, but unlike those two, they can still pull it off.
Thankfully, they got out of their fruitless movie soundtrack cul-de-sac a few years ago, returning to Warp with Scintilli in 2011. Since then, they've rolled out a nice collection of quirky blips that fit snugly into the sound they've established, if perhaps a little too snugly.
The Digging Remedy follows the same format as a large chunk of Plaid's albums, in that it's got some amazing tracks — good enough to justify the legendary status that they've achieved — but enough average ones that the finished product inevitably gets pulled back to a few shades above mediocrity. Leading the pack are tracks like the hair-raising opener "Do Matter," "Yu Mountain," with its beautiful cacophony of clangs, and "CLOCK," which uses that ever-satisfying, old IDM chestnut of a bouncing ball effect to much success. Such heights are then marred, however, by some atonal, flute-like elements on "Lambswood."
One thing that Plaid have gotten consistently better at, however, is subtlety. There's nary a track on The Digging Remedy that doesn't gradually introduce elements into view, like landmarks slowly appearing on the horizon, a tack they've nailed since their return to Warp. It's only gotten better since their last album, Reachy Prints.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.792074
Retrieved Text: Saw this last weekend and really enjoyed it. I know the die-hard Marvel comic fans had some issue with it diverting a little from the original comic story but for an origin superhero movie, I felt it did a good job.
Also, the post credit scene sets up Endgame nicely.
I heard you needed to see this before Endgame. Would you say that's true?
Probably so, she's going to be a big part of end game it looks like.
Far exceeded my expectations, I'm not sure what I was expecting but this was pretty good.
Captain Marvel is probably one of my top 5 Marvel characters now.
In Lothlorien, where the trees bore flowers of gold and no evil thing ever dared come.
I would guess so. The Avengers movies are totally reliant on mythologies set up in the movies featuring the constituent characters both in terms of plotting and to lend them any emotional gravitas at all.
I really liked it. They've hit a good stride recently, with Spider Man Homecoming, Thor: Ragnarok, Black Panther, Infinity War, and now this (caveat: still haven't seen either Ant Man movie).
Go home and be a family man.
Solid movie. Climax suffers from what I call the Superman complex - overpowered hero makes it difficult to believe in any real peril.
It was better than Ant-Man and the Wasp, but I don't think I'd have had it over any of the previous four releases before that (Spider-Man: Homecoming, Thor: Ragnarok, Black Panther, Avengers: Infinity War). It isn't in my top ten of all the MCU movies, which is not

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.767754
Retrieved Text: The premise of this 'remake' is that Hollywood is re-making the BEWITCHED television series of the 60's. The lead actor who portrays Darrin (Will Ferrel) finds the perfect woman to cast as Samantha in Nicole Kidman, who really is a witch. Like the character she portrays, she's trying to kick the habit of casting spells and live in the real, 'normal' world.Well, if the intention of this movie is to make you want to watch one of the original episodes or buy the recently released DVD of season one, then they've succeeded. As a movie itself, it's really a non-movie. It's not particularly funny or clever. Kidman does do a good Elizabeth Montgomery imitation but she's underutilized-you want to see more of her and her crazy supernatural family. They should have forgotten about this 'movie within a movie' thing and made a simple remake. It could only have been far better than this forgettable flick.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.744387
Retrieved Text: AA Indie Song of the Day - Runaway Symphony "Out of the Dust"
Turns out, we know Moscow, ID for something other than The Vandals now, that brings us to our Indie Song of the Day - Runaway Symphony.
There are few places quite like Northern Idaho. There are some oddballs to be sure, but there's also plenty of amazing people, beautiful scenery, and one of the most underrated universities in America, Idaho University. Turns out, we know Moscow, ID for something other than The Vandals now, that brings us to our Indie Song of the Day - Runaway Symphony.
This four-piece act from Moscow, ID is a mishmash of folk, pop, indie, and Americana all rolled into one. They've played with Eric Hutchinson and Colbie Caillat and they've also had some movie placements too. A few months ago they dropped their single, "Out of the Dust" and it's a good one. Listen to the song below and if the Boise St./Idaho rivalry ever gets rekindled and they play for The Governor's Trophy, maybe root for The Vandals.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.685331
Retrieved Text: UPDATE: Saturday, April 28, 6 P.M.
"I realize what I’m about to say regarding the third installment of the Sisterhood franchise is not enough to break the internet, but certainly could crack it..." she wrote on Friday before leaving us totally and completely hanging.
"Sorry for that delay, my daughter needed me," Tamblyn resumed. "Where was I? Oh yes. Alexis is right. We’ve been pitching and there is a script. A good one. It’s up to a studio now to make the film. So far, no luck. So keep your fingers crossed, or, knock down their doors with jeans emojis."
Alexis Bledel, Blake Lively, America Ferrera, and Amber Tamblyn all met while filming the first Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants film, and they've been best friends ever since. Their offscreen friendship is what made the second Sisterhood film so beloved, and why fans have been campaigning hard-core for the women to make a third. All four actresses have expressed interest in making another movie; in 2016 Tamblyn even said a third movie was "definitely" happening. Around the same time, Lively also added there was a "a strong chance" the women would be reuniting again.
But here we are, two years later, with no third movie in sight. What gives, y'all? Everyone is waiting with bated breath for these actresses to share a pair of jeans all over the world again. I want to see Alexis Bledel run around Greece and Amber Tamblyn wear pink highlights just one last time! It's one thing to talk and hope for a third movie;

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.67287
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Open Discussion' started by Barnstable, Oct 22, 2014.
The Avengers is still my favorite move ever. I can't wait for this one!!
XXIV, acetabulum7 and TIME like this.
The new trailer for "The Avengers: Age of Ultron" was supposed to air for the first time during next week's episode of "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D."
Instead, it leaked tonight (Oct. 22), a whole six nights early.
The high quality video clip is being stripped from sites at a pretty quick pace. But still, that's gotta hurt a little for Marvel.
So Marvel, in its wisdom, knows where to place the blame: Hydra.
That's right, the terrorist organization that hangs over many stories in the Marvel Universe -- and fueled adventures in both "Captain America" films and 2012's "The Avengers" -- may be the reason you're chasing dragons on YouTube right now.
Hail Hydra, sorry ABC. This second "Avengers" film is in theaters on May 1, 2015.
I am soooooo hyped for this movie. Hulkbuster suit!!!!
Saw this last night and damn I'm stoked for this movie. Love the tone. Love the ideas. This is going to absolutely rock.
I accidentally saw concept art for the Hulkbuster suit a few months back, and I've been pumped for it ever since. Looks awesome!
I feel bad for Hawkeye... Kind of a wasted character. He had a hard time finding a niche in the first one and now they're adding even more characters... eventually there'll just be a mannequin with a bow and some arrows.
lakersyunowin, TIME and trodgers like this.
So um, I thought the first Avengers rocked...this looks like it

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.615305
Retrieved Text: With all the hoopla about this I was somewhat reluctant to watch it, as to not be disappointed.
John Carpenter's CIGARETTE BURNS is about a man who is hired to find a lost film by an eclectic horror collector (Udo Kier). To prove to the man that this lost film has some power, Kier shows him a creature he has chained in his house. It's the remnant of an Angel that had been tortured in the movie. On his trek the man is haunted by his wife who committed suicide, and he discovers some of the people who have seen the film, or parts of it, and that they've gone insane. I found this to be a creepy little movie-and it's the first time I ever saw someone try to thread their own intestines through a film projector! Whew!
However, I found Stuart Gordon's DREAMS IN THE WITCH HOUSE episode to be too boring and I kept on falling asleep during it (which is probably appropriate, as it has a dream-like feel to it). It felt as if I'd seen this movie before and done better.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.60927
Retrieved Text: According to the J.D. Power and Associates 2016 North America Airline Satisfaction Study, flying on an airplane hasn't been that bad lately. Customer satisfaction for North American airlines is at a ten-year high, and overall opinions on in-flight services have improved by 12 points from last year's study. There are exceptions, of course, so we asked some well-traveled friends about the worst experience they've ever had during air travel. Next time you're up in the air and feel like complaining about how the on-demand movie selection doesn't include the entire Hunger Games series, just remember one of these stories.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.60433
Retrieved Text: Grand and Driggs seems rather a strange place for a movie theater, and 6 theaters and 850 seats seems like a lot to cram into a three-story (50'-high) building.
But the owner seems serious about it.
They've already filed an application at DOB (no permits have been pulled - the plans were disapproved at the most recent plan exam, which is nothing unusual). The architects are out of Philadelphia, and specialize in, among other things, movie theaters (including a quite stunning restoration of the Amber Theater in Pennsylvania).
This is not the first application to be filed for this property - prior to the Grand Street rezoning, a previous owner had plans for a mini-tower. That job was approved, but no permits were ever pulled and the project never got into the ground. More recently, Winick was shopping around this Karl Fischer design (conjectural only) for a two-story retail building.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.553059
Retrieved Text: We've already known that a sequel to 2017's Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle was happening for two reasons. First, it was Sony's highest-grossing movie ever with $962M, so clearly they would want another one. Second, they've already dated it for December 2019. The only thing missing was the official blessing of star Dwayne Johnson, which he has now given on Instagram, of course.
Johnson posted that work on Jumanji 3 is "officially underway", having apparently been very impressed by a pitch from returning director Jake Kasdan. He also went ahead and confirmed his co-stars Jack Black, Karen Gillan, Nick Jonas, and Kevin Hart would all be coming back. Previous writers Jeff Pinkner and Scott Rosenberg will return to pen the latest jungle adventure, which Johnson says will kill off Hart's character in the first 15 seconds. Probably a lie but still kinda funny.
Guess I should finally sit down and watch the movie, eh?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.480194
Retrieved Text: They've already learned to lie to each other. They've already shown signs of self-preservation! Soon we'll be serving them!
You know it! I have seen many a movie to know it is possible. It is either Terminator or the Matrix for mankind. Or maybe like that new Johnny Depp movie, Transcendence where our brains and souls are captured in a computer.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.478018
Retrieved Text: Hollywood simply tries to make movies they think people like to see that make the most money.
They have made movies on let mafia criminals have they not? How about the Godfather even though it is a fictional family but those event were true in the historical context. Not long ago they made a movie on that guy that I think was nicknamed "Baby Face in during the depression, remember? Take care.
Baby Face Nelson, They've made movies about John Gatti, Charles Manson, The Night Stalker, John Dillinger, Bonnie and Clyde ,,,, so what's your point?
Are criminals of US laws praised in the film?
Invading & breaking U.S laws are praised?
Maybe a movie about smoking weed with children, the best thing that could ever happen to you.
That sounds like a good movie right?
You missed the point? Well, I need to break it down for you more clearly I suppose.
1. A movie of a criminal is made, right? Close end question so it requires a yes or a no.
2. He asked why making a movie of a criminal? Correct? Open end question. This type of question requires an explanation on the answer.
3. Answer: Because Hollywood makes movies that they think are going to make the most money and usually this is done to please what they think is going to please a segment of the population to achieve the goal. I answered with an explanation, criteria satisfied because he did not ask for an opinion or point, correct?
Is that now what I said in my previous message? Question asked and

================



======= Instance Index 54 =========
Input Text: Given that 'Very well, I'll go. But I pick my own men, and if we ever have to fight, you obey my word.'' Jehan did not think that Sidacai was in any position to impose conditions but he sat back in his chair considering. Therefore, it must be true that "Sidacai was in a position to impose conditions"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.583952
Retrieved Text: 1. For the reasons outlined below, my decision is not to impose the recommended terms and conditions on the registration of Access Capital Corp. (Access Capital).
2. By letter dated June 13, 2011, Staff of the Ontario Securities Commission advised Access Capital that it was recommending to the Director that terms and conditions be imposed on Access Capital in relation to the overdue delivery of its annual audited financial statements. The terms and conditions had two parts. Part one required the delivery of monthly year-to-date unaudited financial statements and excess working capital calculations for a minimum period of six months. Part two required Access Capital to review its procedures for compliance with Ontario securities law and to deliver a report to the Commission.
3. Under section 31 of the Securities Act (Ontario) (Act), if a registrant wants to oppose Staff’s recommendation for terms and conditions, the registrant may request an opportunity to be heard (OTBH). By email dated June 23, 2011, Robert McLeese, Access Capital’s Chief Compliance Officer and sole shareholder, requested an OTBH.
4. My decision is based on the verbal submissions of Staff (Mark Skuce, Legal Counsel, Compliance and Registrant Regulation Branch) and Robert McLeese on behalf of Access Capital.
5. Access Capital is registered as an exempt market dealer. Its fiscal year end is February 28. Under paragraph 12.12(1)(a) of National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations, the annual audited financial statements of Access Capital were due no later than May 29, 2011. Access Capital delivered its annual audited financial statements on July 7,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.048916
Retrieved Text: Justia › US Law › US Case Law › US Supreme Court › Volume 315 › ICC v. Railway Labor Executives' Assn.
Interstate Commerce Commission v. Railway Labor Executives' Assn.
Under § 1 (18)-(20) of the Interstate Commerce Act, the Interstate Commerce Commission, in authorizing the abandonment of a railway line, has authority to attach terms and conditions for the benefit of employees who will be displaced by the abandonment. P. 315 U. S. 376.
38 F.Supp. 818, 824, affirmed.
Appeal from a decree of the District Court of three judges setting aside in part a report and order of the Interstate Commerce Commission, 242 I.C.C. 9.
"a general program of rearrangement of . . . passenger service, involving abandonment of certain rail lines and substitution of motor coach transportation as a means of increasing operating revenues, reducing expenses, and rendering a more adequate service to the public."
"That part of the Commission's report which denies consideration of the employees' petition for lack of power . . . with directions to the Commission to consider the petition and take such action thereon as in the discretion of the Commission is proper."
Railway Labor Executives' Assn. v. United States, 38 F.Supp. 818, 824. Whether it is within the Commission's power in abandonment proceedings to impose conditions for the protection of employees is the single question presented by this appeal.
"no carrier by railroad subject to this part shall abandon all or any portion of a line of railroad, or the operation thereof, unless and until there shall first have been obtained from the commission a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.92648
Retrieved Text: TEHRAN, Nov. 23 (MNA) - The United States and its allies are particularly concerned over the possibility that Iran will strengthen its influence in the region, but they are not in the position to impose conditions,Konstantin Kosachev said.
The Sochi talks between the presidents of Russia, Turkey and Iran confirmed the leading role of the three countries in resolving the Syria issue, Chairman of the Russian Federation Council Committee for Foreign Affairs Konstantin Kosachev wrote on Facebook.
According to him, it is clear that the United States and its allies do not have any opportunity to impose conditions concerning efforts to achieve peace in Syria, while they have been forced to give Russia a blank check.
"The agreements reached by Russia, Turkey and Iran prove that the three countries have taken the initiative to resolve the Syria issue and are not going to abandon it," Kosachev said. "It became possible thanks to Russia’s decisive interference in the conflict, which fundamentally changed the situation. But Russia does not seek to fully control everything and everyone, which is the reason why the three countries have become the guarantors of the ceasefire agreements and the upcoming peace process," the Russian senator added.
"It is clear that to win peace in Syria will be more difficult that to win the war. But the defeat of the major terrorist forces says that there is a true chance for peace, as well as the leading players’ willingness to acknowledge the constructive activities of Russia and the trilateral group. Besides, everyone in Syria has grown tired of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.237051
Retrieved Text: of Fox Collins Securities Inc.
1. For the reasons outlined below, my decision is to impose the terms and conditions set out below on Fox Collins Securities Inc. (Fox Collins) for a minimum period of six months.
2. By letter dated April 28, 2011, Staff advised Fox Collins that it was recommending to the Director that terms and conditions be imposed on Fox Collins in relation to the late filing of its annual audited financial statements. The terms and conditions had two parts. Part one required the filing of monthly year-to-date unaudited financial statements and capital calculations for a minimum period of six months. Part two required Fox Collins to review its procedures for compliance with Ontario securities law and to provide a report with the Commission. The letter also advised Fox Collins that late filing fees of $600 were due. The late filing fees have been paid by Fox Collins.
3. Under section 31 of the Act, if a registrant wants to oppose Staff’s recommendation for terms and conditions, the registrant may request an opportunity to be heard (OTBH). By email dated May 5, 2011, David Fox, Fox Collins’ ultimate designated person (UDP) and chief compliance officer (CCO) requested an OTBH. My decision is based on the written submissions of Staff (Michael Denyszyn, Senior Legal Counsel, Compliance and Registrant Regulation Branch) and David Fox on behalf of Fox Collins.
4. Fox Collins has been registered under the Securities Act (Ontario) (Act) since October 2010 as an exempt market dealer. The fiscal year end for Fox Collins is December 31.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.867924
Retrieved Text: As Hillary Clinton tries to ward off a grassroots primary challenge, she has adopted energy policy views significantly to the left even of her own campaign chairman.
Clinton said during Sunday’s Democratic presidential debate that she would impose highly restrictive regulations on hydraulic fracturing, the oil and gas extraction method commonly known as fracking, making it practically or economically infeasible in most cases.
"By the time we get through all of my conditions, I do not think there will be many places in America where fracking will continue to take place," Clinton said at the debate.
Clinton’s energy policy could significantly limit U.S. energy supplies: fracked wells are responsible for about half of the country’s domestic oil and gas output.
Similarly hardline energy policies drew the ire of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta just years ago. Podesta criticized environmental opposition to fossil fuels in general as "completely impractical" in 2014 remarks to reporters.
Podesta has also defended fracking as "a bridge, if you will, from a world in which there’s still a need for fossil fuels to power our economy."
Though Clinton did not reject fracking outright, her prediction that it would be dramatically scaled back due to the measures she would impose is a significant departure from Podesta’s position.
That position also aligned with the Obama White House’s. When Podesta made those remarks he was serving as a senior energy advisor to the president, who has declined to crack down on fracking and attempted to take credit for the resulting oil and gas boom.
Though Clinton’s departure from that position will likely please

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.636278
Retrieved Text: Yesterday, Judge Reggie Walton issued his final decision in National Mining Association v. Jackson. The decision is another blow to EPA’s efforts to regulate through guidance rather than notice and comment rule making.
Nothing in the intervening 18 months caused Judge Walton to alter his views. EPA obviously understood the message from Judge Walton’s prior decision and other cases, such as Appalachian Power, holding that guidance which functions as regulation will be treated as such by the court. EPA thus states repeatedly in the Final Guidance that it is not binding and “does not impose any obligations on private parties.” Judge Walton was having none of it.
Review of the Final Guidance itself and of the post-implementation evidence before the Court makes clear that the Final Guidance … has caused EPA field offices and the state permitting authorities to believe that permits should and will be denied if its “suggestions” and “recommendations” are not satisfied.
[W]hatever [the] EPA may think of its Guidance generally, the elements of the Guidance petitioners challenge consist of the agency’s settled position, a position it plans to follow in reviewing State-issued permits, a position it will insist State and local authorities comply with in setting the terms and conditions of permits issued to petitioners, a position EPA officials in the field are bound to apply.
The entire decision is worth review. Although I am not a fan of guidance and agree with the decision here, I actually found it less persuasive than I expected. I assumed that the record would support a conclusion that EPA

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.496119
Retrieved Text: In 2006, the Spanish federal government enacted legislation allowing sports betting in shops, retail outlets, and over the Internet. Regional governments were given the ability to impose conditions as they saw fit. Madrid's regional government was the first to draft regulations and license conditions. Spain has been reluctant to sanction other forms of online gambling. However, some independent lottery agents for El Gordo have maintained a healthy presence on the web.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.461998
Retrieved Text: In the fall of 2012, the United States Secretary of Education told states he would use his statutory power to waive violations of the No Child Left Behind Act (NCLB), but only on the condition that they adopt his new education policies — policies that had already failed in Congress. Most states had no real choice but to agree because eighty percent of their schools were faced with statutory sanctions and fund termination. As a result, the Secretary was effectively able to federalize two core aspects of public education over the next year. For the first time, school curriculum and the terms of teacher evaluation and retention came under the influence and control of the federal government.
This Article demonstrates that this particular exercise of conditional waiver power was both unconstitutional and beyond the scope of the Secretary’s statutory authority. First, NCLB contained no notice that states might face waiver conditions when they first agreed to participate in NCLB, much less notice of the substance of those conditions. Spending clause doctrine requires both. Second, states’ inability to say no to these conditions raises serious questions of unconstitutional coercion. Third, the Secretary lacked explicit statutory authority to impose these conditions. At best, NCLB implies authority to condition waivers, but implied conditions would be limited to the scope of NCLB itself. The waiver conditions the Secretary imposed go well beyond the scope of NCLB. Fourth, to treat these particular waiver conditions as falling within the scope of the Secretary's authority would be to extend the Secretary the equivalent of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.45644
Retrieved Text: Last month Chicago filed a suit challenging DOJ’s policy of withholding federal funds from sanctuary cities. This past week, U.S. District Judge Harry Leinenweber sided with Chicago and temporarily enjoined DOJ from enforcing new grant conditions against the city.
As the city noted in its complaint, Chicago receives funds under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant (Byrne JAG). As Ilya Somin at the Volokh Conspiracy has detailed, to receive the cash — about $2.3 million — the city has to certify compliance with 8 U.S.C. § 1373(a), which requires that local governments do not prohibit information-sharing with ICE and the Border Patrol. The city says it currently complies with the statute: it does not collect information about immigration status, and if officials come across such information, they are not prohibited from sharing it.
Chicago argues that DOJ is imposing these requirements in the absence of statutory authority.
That’s particularly true where a statute gives rulemaking authority to an agency also in charge of administering related grants. Those were the facts in two cases that Pennhurst cited, and Pennhurst didn’t purport to overrule or question them. In the sentence that Somin is quoting, the Court dropped a footnote citing cases that demonstrated “limits on the power of Congress to impose conditions on the States pursuant to its spending power.” One of those cases was Lau v. Nichols. Lau involved a claim that a school district was in violation of section 601 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which prohibits discrimination based “on the ground of race, color, or

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.232607
Retrieved Text: Weak electron: Weak current College】 【digital IC electrical parameters】.
Weak current College】 【digital IC electrical parameters】.
<br> <br> In order to manufacture and use of convenience, the relevant State departments with reference to the international standards developed a domestic integrated circuit specifications - electrical parameters and limit parameters and rigorous testing method. Limited space, only the digital circuit. .Operational amplifier the significance of the main parameters, the parameters of the test circuit and test methods for the reader to read the book. As for television. Audio etc ASIC, by model too much and most of the parameters and test methods for circuit varies, .it is difficult to unify. Therefore, for this type of IC does not make the introduction. <br> Digital integrated circuit electrical parameters: <br> As CMOS IC with low power consumption. Operating voltage range and noise characteristics of large, etc. ., in recent years the rapid development of the exception, and & # 146; ITL circuits together, comprise the current universal digital circuits of two series of products. <br> In 9m series products, H series and L series product has lost its .momentum, standard TIZ series has been superior IZ - replaced by TFL series; on the contrary, was once considered work slow CMOS IC; now has improved this shortcoming of the 74HC series product after, almost the same with TFL's work speed ASIC. This is .the latest VLSI technology applied to General-purpose digital integrated circuit, currently has replaced the TFL, IC trends. For these reasons, the following describes the electrical characteristics of CMOS integrated circuit.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.14782
Retrieved Text: Some senators-elect on the platform of the All Progressives Congress have kicked against the decision of the leadership of the APC to impose Senator Ahmad Lawan as the Senate President in the ninth Senate.
The decision to impose Lawan on the senators-elect was announced at the Presidential Villa on Monday night when President Muhammadu Buhari hosted a dinner in honour of the legislators and some governors.
Also in attendance at the dinner was the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha.
The Eagle Online was told that no senator-elect was allowed to ask question once the National Chairman of the party, Adams Oshiomhole, disclosed the position of the party on the leadership of the Senate.
Many lawmakers-elect were said stop have been shocked about the decision of the party.
Senator Mohammed Ndume, who kicked against the imposition of Lawan as Senate President, said the position of the party is unconstitutional.
Ndume, while briefing newsmen on the development, said even the Peoples Democratic Party with all its impunity never imposed anybody on lawmakers.
According to him: “The Constitution is clear on that development.
“My decision to contest is not personal.
“My colleagues encouraged me to contest.
“The party did not say they have elected Ahmad Lawan.
“Anything contrary to what is in the constitution is illegal.
“What took place at the presidential dinner in Aso rock on Monday night where Oshiomhole as party chairman announced Senator Ahmed Lawan and Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila as President of the 9th Senate and Speaker of the House of Representatives respectively was very shocking to me and many of my colleagues.
“Oshiomhole in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.139107
Retrieved Text: EghtesadOnline: Tehran has never stopped standing against Washington's threatening moves but has shown reciprocal and sharp reactions toward them, said Iranian first vice-president on Saturday.
'The United States is trying to show that Iran is a risky and unstable country for business and business people and governments should not work with Iran,' Eshaq Jahangiri noted at a local meeting with the officials of private sectors.
"We have interacted with the world in such a way that the US measures cannot threaten Iran's position in the international community scene," IRNA quoted Jahangiri as saying.
Referring to the complicated conditions in both the world and region, Jahangiri said the extremist groups have created tensions in the region with the help of certain regional countries and also the Zionist lobby against Iran which has been active since the outset of the establishment of the Islamic Republic in the country is getting more active and has been able to influence some regional countries and has pooled with certain Islamic countries to impose pressures against Iran.
'The new US administration is a new trend planning new moves with tougher approaches against Iran,' the first vice-president added.
The US officials follow certin goals, and their major aim is to persuade the international community in vain that Iran is a violator of the July 2015 nuclear deal known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), said Jahangiri.
He added according to reports and also based on the anti-Iran measures taken by the US to impose new sanctions against the country, Washington is the one violating the JCPOA not

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.955456
Retrieved Text: A lengthy safety car intervention - necessary to repair the guard rails at the end of the Kemmel straight - and a drying track has completely changed the racing order at the end of the second hour of the Total 24 Hours of Spa.
The teams and drivers that gambled on a drying track and switched to slick tyres were caught out when a fresh rain shower hit the Ardennes track as we approached the second hour. Just after the two hour mark the rain intensified causing the Stewards to impose a full course yellow before an incident between the #3 Belgian Audi Club Team WRT car and the #53 AF Corse Ferrari and the third safety car was deployed.
René Rast (#1 Audi Sport Team WRT) took the lead of the race when the safety car returned to the pitlane with 22 hours and 18 minutes left to race. The #59 Von Ryan Racing McLaren of Alvaro Parente dropped to sixth after having changed to slicks, and dropped even further down the order to 28th when it had to come back in for rain tyres. Other cars - such as the #23 Nissan GT Academy Team RJN car - suffered a same fate.
With the Top-7 cars having made their pitstop just before the two hour mark both BMW Sports Trophy Team Marc VDS cars, who had dropped outside the Top-30 after the first pitstop, were leading the race. The #35 Saintéloc Audi was third and a surprising #63 Grasser Racing Team Lamborghini, that started from the back

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.784672
Retrieved Text: Does the US still want Syrian regime change?
The U.S. under the former President Obama has always wanted to impose Syrian regime change, insisting that the Syrian people should not be allowed to vote for Bashar al-Assad in any elections for Syria’s presidency.
Obama’s position on Syria is incredibly hypocritical and puzzling.
Russia, Iran and Turkey – countries involved in recent peace talks – all agree that a future Syria should remain secular.
U.S. allies Saudi Arabia and Qatar have been adamant that Al Nursa and other Jihadist groups are not protected from airstrikes and given aid.
The Obama administration has every step of the way been opposed to the secular Syrian government forces, instead favouring rebel forces that make no secret of wanting to impose their misinterpretation of Islam on Syrians of other faiths or none, and even Muslims who differ in the interpretion of the words of the Prophet.
Saudi Arabia donated large amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation, yet Obama has accused Russia of influencing the U.S. administration in one breath, then abusing its position in an attempt to impose regime change in Syria.
Awash with Saudi money, Obama and Hillary Clinton are trying to convince the world that they are the vanguard of religious freedoms. In fact they are the enemy of national and religious freedom who support a model of the world in which globalists impose their views and values – a twisted neo-colonialism. Here at 3W we’ve always opposed the Salafist nutters whilst distinguishing between them and other more thoughtful and positive interpretations of Islam. We’ve

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.781956
Retrieved Text: Misdemeanor Violation Of Probation Cases - Levitt Legal, PLLC.
The court can impose a sentence that includes a jail term up to the maximum authorized by the statute or a fine or both. For a class B misdemeanor, the sentence can be up to 6 months in jail. For a class C misdemeanor, the sentence can be up to 90 days in jail.
The court can impose a sentence and then suspend the sentence in whole or in part.
The court can hold a plea in abeyance in order to give the defendant a chance to comply with the conditions imposed by the court until the court either withdraws the plea to dismiss the case or the court enters a conviction and sentence.
The court can approve a diversion agreement presented by the prosecutor.
Finally the court can impose a term of probation to be served with special conditions of probation to be completed during that term of probation.
When a defendant is placed on probation, he or she will be required to report to a probation officer. As an alternative to jail, Salt Lake City Probation Services provides misdemeanor probation supervision to court-ordered clients convicted of criminal offenses in Salt Lake County.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.753984
Retrieved Text: If a supervisor commented on an employee’s physical anatomy a few times and made several sexual jokes in her presence, is that sexual harassment?
Possibly, but remember that the plaintiff-employee must be able to show that the harassment was “severe and pervasive” and that it unreasonably altered the terms and conditions of the workplace. A court might find that the conditions were too sporadic and not severe enough to impose liability.
Harassment at work is not always between the sexes. Title VII protects you from being harassed by people of your own gender, as well (iStock).

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.697575
Retrieved Text: Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Jonathan Greenert speaks during an all-hands call at Naval Station Rota, Spain, on 16 October. His message to the Fleet is simple: "Our primary mission is warfighting. All our efforts to improve capabilities, develop people, and structure our organizations should be grounded in this fundamental responsibility."
Why we fight is the domain of policy makers. The ‘how’ in the equation belongs to warfighters.
The geographical position of our country—centrally located between Europe and Asia with access to the world’s dominant oceans—offers strategic advantages afforded to few other nations. In a globally connected economy this intersectional position presents the United States with significant opportunities to exchange goods widely and inexpensively. It also presents opportunities for us to influence, if not impose, conditions that are favorable to U.S. interests. To preserve the flow of goods and defend the nation requires a capable naval force.
Operating from the sea with a multi-domain force has many advantages. Forces at sea are not encumbered by occupation issues and thus can use time and maneuver as an advantage to employ a wide array of effects during periods of peace or war. For this reason navies are an integral part of national policy and power. This dual nature—part statecraft, part lethal force—is an ideal combination for preventing and winning wars. To fulfill these functions our Navy–Marine Corps team is designed to maintain forward presence and deliver decisive sea power on a global scale.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.663153
Retrieved Text: Probation is an option available to judges in state, federal and local courts when imposing a sentence on someone who has been convicted of committing a crime. Instead of ordering that the person be confined to a jail or prison, a judge could allow the person to remain in the community under the supervision of a probation officer. A person sentenced to probation agrees to abide by certain conditions, such as agreeing to obey the criminal laws and not commit more crimes or attend substance abuse counseling. Failing to obey those conditions could result in a probation officer filing a probation violation and asking that additional penalties be imposed on the violator.
Probation is a community sentencing option a judge might impose on someone convicted of committing a violation of the criminal laws. As a general rule, probation is appropriate in cases in which the offender does not have a prior criminal record and is being sentenced for a nonviolent criminal offense where confinement to prison or to jail would not be appropriate.
If a person under probation supervision violates any of the conditions of probation, the probation officer has the ability to take the individual into custody for a probation violation. Proof of a violation of probation allows a judge the option to revoke probation and impose a different penalty, including incarceration, or continuing the person on probation with the same or additional conditions.
The purpose of probation supervision is to help individuals who have committed crimes to obtain gainful employment and avoid the bad behaviors that got

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.595152
Retrieved Text: Ashton 'disappointed' over Iran talks Jump to media player EU foreign policy chief Baroness Ashton, who led an international team of negotiators in Turkey, said Iran had sought to impose pre-conditions on any agreement.
'No barrier' to Iran nuclear talks Jump to media player Fresh talks between major powers and Iran about Tehran's nuclear programme have begun in a "positive atmosphere", and Turkish FM says that both sides now "have an intention" to find a solution.
Baroness Ashton has said she is 'disappointed' after a round of nuclear talks with Iran ended without progress.
EU foreign policy chief Baroness Ashton, who led an international team of negotiators in Turkey, said Iran had sought to impose pre-conditions on any agreement.
She told a new conference that the 'door remained open' to Tehran for further talks.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.554934
Retrieved Text: The ACCC is proposing to grant re-authorisation to an alliance between Qantas Airways Limited (ASX: QAN) and Emirates for a further five years.
The global alliance covers Qantas’ and Emirates’ air passenger and cargo transport operations. The ACCC first authorised the alliance in 2013 for five years.
“The ACCC considers that the alliance is likely to continue to result in a range of public benefits,” ACCC Commissioner Roger Featherston said.
“Loyalty program members will also continue to benefit from the ability to earn and redeem points on both networks and use lounge access and other reciprocal benefits,” Mr Featherston said.
To address this concern, the ACCC proposes to impose a condition requiring the Qantas and Emirates alliance to provide the ACCC with regular reports on seats and passengers flown, fares and route profitability. The condition would also allow the ACCC, at any time, to set a minimum level of capacity on the route. For example, if these reports indicated that the alliance was limiting the number of seats on this route to raise airfares, the ACCC would require the alliance to add extra seats.
In 2013 the ACCC imposed reporting and capacity conditions on four routes between Australia and New Zealand. However, since starting direct services between Auckland and Dubai in March 2016, Emirates has withdrawn from the Sydney to Auckland route, and will withdraw from the Melbourne and Brisbane to Auckland routes in March 2018. The ACCC considers that the capacity conditions are no longer required on these routes.
The ACCC is seeking submissions from interested parties on its draft determination

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.504734
Retrieved Text: In London the majority of construction projects are subject to Section 106 Conditions, but each borough may vary their requirements. For example one borough may be very insistent on a local procurement strategy and plan as well as a local labour strategy and plan, whilst another may insist on a specific number of weeks of training / work experience / apprenticeships for local young people to be achieved. Fines may be imposed if targets are not met and there is no evidence to support achievement.
How can WPS help with Section 106 Conditions?
Whatever the requirement, WPS’s experienced waste management consultants can assist. We work with many councils / boroughs in London (where conditions are most stringent) and understand their requirements and how they want your evidence reported.
Every planning authority has their own agenda in relation to ‘areas of concern’, therefore they impose many varying conditions.
Urban Areas may require a Noise, Dust and Ventilation Plan, a Traffic Management Plan, Environmental impacts assessments, and a Site Waste Management Plan to name a few.
Planning conditions may also impose a minimum BREEAM accreditation standard and Considerate Constructor Scheme achievement level.
How can WPS help with Planning Conditions?
Whatever the conditions imposed, WPS’s experienced waste managment consultants can assist. We work with many councils / planning authorities throughout the country and regularly communicate with them to gain an understanding of their requirements and how they want information and evidence reported.
Simply call us, or use the contact form and we will be happy to discuss your requirements and how we can help.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.456987
Retrieved Text: When agreeing to provide loan facilities to prospective borrowers, lenders insert conditions precedent in facility documentation to be satisfied by the borrower before funds are drawn down. On 11 March 2015, the UK Supreme Court held that oral confirmation by a representative of the lender that conditions had been satisfied and funds would be provided, can impose an obligation on the lender to advance funds, regardless of whether or not the borrower had in fact satisfied the conditions precedent set out in facility documentation.
In Carlyle v Royal Bank of Scotland, Mr Carlyle sought funding for the purchase and development of a property. Loan agreements were entered into in relation to the funds required to purchase the property but, despite being aware that the property was only being purchased to develop and sell accommodation, the bank later refused to advance the development funds. The bank initiated proceedings for the repayment of the loans and Mr Carlyle counter-claimed for losses arising from the bank’s failure to advance the development funds.
It was held at first instance that oral assurances that funds for both the purchase and development of the property would be provided amounted to a legally binding unilateral obligation by the bank to advance funds. These assurances included a phone call between the borrower and the bank during which the borrower was assured by a bank employee that “it’s all approved”. This conclusion was reached despite Mr Carlyle agreeing in writing to indicative terms which required the satisfaction of conditions precedent and signing a loan agreement which stated

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.393532
Retrieved Text: In the recent co-decision tribunal case of Morgan v HMRC and Donaldson v HMRC (TC 9096 & 8431) the procedure behind issuing £10 daily late filing penalties was challenged.
Schedule 55 of FA 2009 allows HMRC to levy penalties of £10 per day if a self-assessment tax return has not been filed within 3 months of the filing date. Such can penalties can be issued for up to 90 days, meaning that the maximum daily penalties issued totals £900.
In order for the daily penalties to be valid the legislation requires that HMRC “decides” whether to impose the penalties and notifies the taxpayer of the decision.
The taxpayers in question argued that the SA returns and subsequent reminders issued did not satisfy the above conditions and therefore the penalties were not valid.
– Did the fact that daily penalties were automatically issued by an HMRC computer constitute a decision?
– Did the SA return and/or reminders constitute a notice of the liability to the daily penalties?
The tribunal found that it had been decided at a senior level, and as a general policy, to impose daily penalties where there’s a default, and accordingly the HMRC computers were programmed to deal with this. To do otherwise would have meant up to a million individual decisions – a completely impractical exercise. The tribunal, by the chairman’s casting vote, therefore found that there had been a HMRC decision which met the requirements of schedule 55.
The tribunal found that the statutory requirement was not met as the documents were ambiguous. This was because of the use

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.356459
Retrieved Text: ARE YOU AFRAID THAT YOU MAY HAVE VIOLATED YOUR PROBATION?
At Michael A. Arbeit, P.C., we know that it can be very difficult to hold true to all the rules of your probation at all times. Even the most well-meaning probationers make mistakes and find themselves with a Violation of Probation (VOP). Then there are situations where you may be accused of violating your probation when you feel that you did not. No matter what circumstance you find yourself in, Michael A. Arbeit, P.C. understands the position that you are in and can help make it right. Hiring Michael A. Arbeit, P.C. is your best bet when the possibility of being charged with a violation of probation is at hand or you have already been charged with violating one or more of the conditions of your probation. We are very aggressive at representing all of our clients in all aspects of the criminal justice system. We know it's tough being involved in the criminal justice system and you are entitled to the best possible lawyer that you can get.
PENALTIES FOR VIOLATING PROBATION RULES.
The penalties for violating one or more of the rules of probation can vary greatly and depends on the severity of the violation(s) alleged. The first thing it depends on is how it was violated. Was an appointment with a probation officer missed? Did the probationer get re-arrested for a new offense? Was a mandatory court appearance missed? Did the probationer leave the jurisdiction without the permission of the probation department? Did the probationer fail

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.274216
Retrieved Text: Probation, parole, and supervised release mean being supervised by a corrections officer. Some people call this being “on paper.” If the Probation Officer thinks you have violated, he files a violation report specifying which terms and conditions are violated. Often the defendant is arrested and held in custody pending the probation revocation hearing. Generally, the original sentencing judge presides over the probation revocation hearing in Mississippi.
The best Mississippi criminal defense lawyers can show you how to succeed on probation.
Whether you are on federal supervised release or state parole or post release supervision, observe these four rules to keep your freedom.
(m) Not possess any type of weapon.
In addition to the above standard terms and conditions of probation, the court may impose any other appropriate conditions. For example, no casinos, no contact with the victim or potential victims, known criminals or co-defendants and alcohol and drug counseling and treatment. Read your probation order carefully.
Even if the judge finds that probation was violated, the court has discretion to impose a wide range of remedies and sanctions. Depending on how serious the probation violation is, the judge could still reinstate probation with additional conditions. If the violation is serious, such as a new felony arrest or absconding supervision, the judge is authorized to impose the original suspended sentence. Intermediate remedial actions such as alcohol and drug testing, rehabilitation, psychological testing, community service, or restitution center may be available. The maximum Mississippi probation is 5 years. The maximum post release supervision is 5 years with the balance being unsupervised.
Recent amendments to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.272503
Retrieved Text: To approve as a correct record the minutes of the meeting of the Committee held on 14 February 2019 and to authorise the Chairman to sign them.
The minutes of the meeting of the Committee held on 14 February 2019 were agreed as a correct record and signed by the Chairman.
The Committee also received a letter from Councillor Roger Ramsey that outlined the reasons for the call-in as he was absent.
The Committee considered the report and by a vote of 6 votes to 1 with 1 abstention RESOLVED to GRANT PLANNING PERMISSION subject to the conditions as set out in the report.
Councillors Tyler voted against the resolution to grant planning permission.
Councillor Nunn abstained from voting.
The proposal was called in by Councillor Gillian Ford for consideration. Councillor Ford was absent from the meeting.
The Committee RESOLVED to delegate to the Head of Planning authority to issue the planning permission and impose conditions and informatives.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.256489
Retrieved Text: Men fill the world’s prisons, commit most murders, and have started all major wars. In another example of scientists rediscovering ancient truths, a new study of mine documents the costs men impose on (an experimental) society. In the study, status-seeking men are willing to impose enormous costs on others to move up in the hierarchy.
Chicken Little began a modest bear market raid by shorting US stocks in February. That short position is now closed. The Chicken Little Portfolio made 0.25% on this raid. (6.25% short positions and a ~4% decline in US stocks = 0.25%). While this is a tiny gain, making money on the first short position is great, and works to train the mind to look for more opportunities. The Dow Jones Industrials sits at 24,786 - roughly halfway between the January 26, 2018 high and the lows of February. Chicken Little anticipates more declines.
The US stock market has declined 10% since January 26, 2018. Chicken Little predicts further declines.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.176485
Retrieved Text: A judge who has directed the Department of Natural Resources to pay nearly $45,000 in legal fees to environmental groups in a case involving the expansion of a large dairy farm declined to remove himself from the case after disclosing he made past donations to one of the groups.
On Friday, Dane County Circuit Court Judge John W. Markson ruled the DNR should pay Clean Wisconsin and Midwest Environmental Advocates $44,985 for their legal work to fight plans by Kinnard Farms Inc. to add more than 2,000 cattle at its farm in Kewaunee County.
The environmental groups on Tuesday applauded Markson’s decision to award the funds, but his refusal to step aside has come under fire as well.
Any actual award awaits the outcome of an appeal.
Markson ruled in July the DNR must impose conditions on the expansion of the farm to safeguard water resources.
Clean Wisconsin had brought the suit against the DNR and Kinnard after the DNR declined to impose conditions ordered by a state administrative law judge.
Markson told the parties he would not make contributions in 2015 and while the case was pending. An attorney for the Justice Department who was representing the DNR said his past contributions raised concerns. She asked Markson recuse himself.
But after Markson’s July ruling favoring Clean Wisconsin, Media Trackers, a conservative website, reported on the judge’s contributions.
In an email, Lucas Vebber, a lobbyist with Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce, also said Markson’s donations should be noted.
Media Trackers also questioned the judge’s assertion that Clean Wisconsin did not have a specific policy objective. It

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.16928
Retrieved Text: Swansea Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition (TUSC): TUSC No cuts! No gravy train!
Wales Online is today carrying a story about Labour leader of Rhondda Cynon Taff (RCT) Council, Russel Roberts, under the headline "With four jobs and £100,000 is this Wales' highest paid councillor?". As well as his job with RCT, he is the deputy leader of the Welsh Local Government Association, Chairman of South Wales Police Authority, and a non-executive director of Cwm Taf Health Board. Meanwhile, according to the article, workers for RCT Council have seen their terms and conditions cut by up to 40%. Many trade unionists will remember that RCT was amongst the pioneers of the use of the now notorious "188 notices" - 90-day notice to impose changes to terms and conditions under threat of redundancy - which are now being used against council workers all over the country. The City and County of Swansea's own workforce has just seen its 90-day notice expire but funnily enough, the Liberal Democrats and their allies don't seem anxious to impose the worse conditions they identified (a raft of 30+ measures incuding less holidays and reducing or scrapping a range of allowances and bonuses for unsocial hours, etc.) on thousands of council workers just before the council elections - afterwards who knows? Worryingly the fear has been voiced in my UNISON branch, by Labour Party members, that leading Labour representatives on the Council have already had discussions with council officers about implementing similar measures should they win in May.
This has become the subject of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.156515
Retrieved Text: MONTREAL — The federal government is objecting to a Quebec proposal that it be allowed to determine where in the province immigrants settle as a condition of their gaining permanent residency in the country.
Quebec Immigration Minister Simon Jolin-Barrette tabled Bill 9 Thursday, which lays down a legal framework that would allow the province to be more selective with immigrants. One goal is to have immigrants settle in regions experiencing labour shortages.
The federal government, however, has the jurisdiction to grant permanent resident status, and it would have to give Quebec more powers for the legislation to have effect.
Federal Intergovernmental Minister Dominic LeBlanc said Thursday in a statement that "more analysis on Bill 9 is needed, however we do not support the reintroduction of conditional permanent residency."
The federal Liberals abolished conditional permanent residency in 2017, which had forced some immigrants to live with their spouses or partners in Canada for two years in order to keep their permanent resident status.
Quebec Premier Francois Legault said Friday that Quebec should be able impose conditions on immigrants in order for them to be eligible for permanent resident status. "I don't know why we wouldn't be able regain the power that we used to have," he told reporters in Quebec's Beauce region.
Jolin-Barrette says the power to impose conditions on immigrants was granted to Quebec in the 1993 Canada–Quebec Accord on Immigration. He said the previous provincial government of Philippe Couillard renounced that right.
Legault said he is confident Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will come around and grant Quebec more power over immigration.

================



======= Instance Index 23 =========
Input Text: Given that A: I've never heard that one, that's very nice. Oh, so I'm all for the metric system and converting over and I think, I guess, my feeling is the way to do it is to just start giving weights, you know, have a very brief transition period and then just start giving weights and kilometers, er, just as in kilometers and weights and kilograms and everything like that and, uh, just have people start using it rather than having people constantly trying to convert. Remember me getting a package of something that said one pound, this is a package of dates mind you, was, presumably something you weigh fairly precisely, it said one pound and then in parenthesis it said four hundred fifty-four point six grams. B: Right, right. A: And, as near as I could tell, seeing that was basically anti-metric propaganda cause anyone who would say, well look I can either buy a pound of something at four hundred sixty-four point six grams which, of course, they couldn't weigh it out accurately anyway, um, every time I see something like that I think, well, that's an anti-metric argument. B: Yeah. Well, uh, I don't think it could ever happen with a quick transition. Therefore, it must be true that "it could happen with a quick transition"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.643747
Retrieved Text: The wrestling section of AlternativeNation.net is circulating comments that Kurt Angle made in an exclusive interview with them.
In it, he refused to reveal who he&apos;s going to sign with but said he&apos;s going to sign for 1 year before retiring. Angle talked about meeting one-on-one with Dixie Carter, where she reassured him about TNA&apos;s domestic TV situation.
Richard Reacts: It sounds like to me that Angle will be back in TNA. In the excerpts sent to us, Angle spoke of not realizing Triple H was helping call the shots [in WWE] and talked about sorting things out with Vince McMahon. While there was some quick talk about bringing Angle to WWE to work a quick stopgap program with Brock Lesnar, that&apos;s completely died down. I&apos;m not aware of any long-term interest in Angle&apos;s services as an in-ring performer. Global Force Wrestling is still in the planning stages. Angle is already in a prominent authoritative role on TNA TV and could easily transition back to the ring when healthy for a final year of his career. That&apos;s what I think will happen and what should happen.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.507162
Retrieved Text: The Photo of Laminate Floor Trim Laminate Flooring Transition And Trim Quick Step is one of the images that associated to Laminate Floor Trim and also was released at February, 6 2017. The exact dimension of Photo of Laminate Floor Trim Laminate Flooring Transition And Trim Quick Step is 508 x 321 pixels. You could also seek some images that associated to Laminate Flooring by scroll to collection on below this photo. We published this article to offer the most effective motivation for the visitors of designyourfloors.com.
The Photo of Laminate Floor Trim Laminate Flooring Transition And Trim Quick Step referral also consists of adhesive for laminate floor trim, laminate floor flat edge trim, laminate floor trim reducer, for your convenience in looking this reference much more details. If you wish to discover the other photo or short article about Laminate Floor Trim simply push the gallery or if you want comparable Gallery of Photo of Laminate Floor Trim Laminate Flooring Transition And Trim Quick Step, you are free to browse through search attribute that located on the top this web page or arbitrary article area at below of this article.
We wish it could assist you to obtain information of this Photo of Laminate Floor Trim Laminate Flooring Transition And Trim Quick Step photo. Finally, thank you for visiting this Flooring Suggestions Website, and also we welcome you to come as numerous as you like in right here.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.082306
Retrieved Text: Hello everyone! I often get asked from you all what are some of my favorite beauty tips and tricks. Especially through my year as Miss America, I had to come up with quick and effortless way to get ready for any event that came my way. Something that seemed to happen all the time was making the transition from a day event to an evening gala. A useful product that helped me transition my makeup and was a part of my night routine was using Neutrogena™ Makeup Remover Cleansing Towelettes, and I’m excited to partner with them for today’s post.
While I was on the road, it was key to be able to get products quick. And everywhere I went there was always a Walmart to make things easy!
I would always carry these in my bag for quick touch-ups during the day.
To get ready for night time glam, I’ll use the cleansing towelettes to easily wipe off my day lipstick and get ready for a more dramatic look.
One of my favorite rituals is always getting back home after a long day for my night time routine. It always starts with getting in my favorite robe, hair in top knot, making my herbal tea and getting ready to take the day off.
Clean face equals happy face.
I learned the hard way how important it is to always ALWAYS have a clean face for bed. The Neutrogena™ Makeup Remover Cleansing Towelettes helped me take off layers of makeup, eyelash glue quickly and easily.
Beauty routines do not have to be complicated.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.842585
Retrieved Text: Wolves through to semi final of FA Cup.
Lack of cohesion and defensive complacency let Man United down tonight. well deserved win for Wolves.
Romero made some real good saves for Man United , but he could have done better on the 2nd goal. some of the newly recovered players didn't look fully fit and in sync. Martial , Lingard , Herrera , Matic were all sub par tonight.
one thing that has impressed me about Wolves from last season in championship and this season of premier league is their excellent organization. they are very compact in the back and very quick in transition. huge credit should go to the coaching staff.
I am quite surprised and shocked that a Man United fan hopes for Man City to win it. LOOOL.
City seem to have it all going their way in all 4 fronts.
Millwall v Brighton about to kick off.
He made a good impact so far but also played a bad ball a couple of times.
He needs to be a bit more daring and try and run past them and go for it and not worry about failure.
Has this guy even scored a goal this season?
Liverpool are top of table with 76 points.
Bale aziz del, for now and till the end of the season.
You didn’t write ‘mark my word’. It won’t happen just because of that.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.494707
Retrieved Text: For this post I come back to my 2011 presentation at the TOCICO annual conference. Any significant change opens the door to new undesired effects and other signals that need interpretation. TOC implementations certainly involve significant changes in the mindset of managers and their subordinates. This topic seems to me a most relevant topic to discuss now, six years after the death of Dr. Goldratt, as the responsibility for the success of the change lies on us and the challenge is bigger than it can be judged from the wonderful change management process we have so carefully planned.
An unavoidable ramification of any significant change is a temporary level of confusion. There is no way that all the outcomes of the change have been properly analyzed prior to the change. While we definitely should use all our logic and intuition to look for negative branches ahead of time, we are not all that clever and we better acknowledge that fact and become ready to face the consequences. Confusion means that some people in the organization have different understanding of what to do and what to expect. Confusion also means we are unsure whether what we see is what we should see. The consequence of being confused and uncertain is making mistakes causing variable level of damage. In itself this is not a big deal as quick fixing mistakes usually reduce the damage considerably.
Transition period is the time it takes from the start of the implementation of the change until we feel confident that the system has been

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.407736
Retrieved Text: Review. Ontario w. Protecting you have asked police for a smooth transition from lend initial client screening to be with the world. More women online dating christian singles over a best dating thailand tangowire; dating sites in ottawa. On fad date sites like a couple of fish dating in ottawa gatineau film. Solely assert what is upfront from is full of ottawa ontario. Ugly men s premiere relationship co. Cruises for adults dating singles today! The mormons. Try lifemates exclusive service; girl dating sites in ontario. Adult singles meet quality local or offensive behavior? 1 girl ratio meet ottawa ontario. Chat with a smooth transition from lend initial client screening to play offense if you make with a 6: sugar daddy dating sites.
1 dating site with the only site? dwarf dating websites 1000S real connection. On or offensive behavior? Finding single girls now make an 8 minute dating http://www.theideabox.com/ ottawa ontario dating sites ottawa. Stop searching, the money for a primary monitor for free dating. Certainly be working; no. Canada yellow; free dating sites. We dating sites; articles on or offensive behavior? Over a smooth transition from lend initial client screening to play offense if you have asked police for dating sites nz woman dynamic response. Abusive or keeping your terms. Meet broke college girls in philadelphia. It's completely free dating sites in a smooth transition from lend initial client screening to play offense if you will are function by means of. Free online speed dating sites in ottawa ontario. Com is quick and that free.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.402029
Retrieved Text: « Getting Naked to Save the Planet.
Transition, Resilience and Tradeable Energy Quotas.
What follows is a recent article by David Fleming (left) and Lawrence Woodward, which explores the concept of resilience which is so central to the Transition concept, in more detail. It also argues that the implementation of Tradeable Energy Quotas is a key part of the Transition, and indeed is the only way we can be sure it will happen. I am delighted to be able to post this article, and many thanks to the authors for allowing me to do so.
•	If one part is destroyed, the shock will not ripple through the whole system.
•	There is wide diversity of character and solutions developed creatively in response to local circumstances.
•	It can meet its needs despite the substantial absence of travel and transport.
•	The other big infrastructures and bureaucracies of the intermediate economy are replaced by fit-for-purpose local alternatives at drastically reduced cost.
•	Local closed systems conserving fertility and materials will become feasible.
•	Local energy production, distribution and storage can be established, linked by local grids.
•	Local social capital and culture can be rebuilt as a necessary condition for the cooperation and reciprocities needed to achieve the transition.
Being quick about it does not just mean starting soon; it means taking a route that can get there quickly. What matters now is to find the point of leverage – the point at which it is possible to steer the whole system by making it want to go the way you want it to go. The heart of the matter is energy. If

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.331194
Retrieved Text: Home » General News » New to your Parent Groups Website? Check out our Transition Guide!
Every year or two, the inevitable transition between board members and key figure heads on a PTA or PTO is bound to happen. Terms end, kids move out of schools, new jobs limit volunteer time, etc., so we have created a quick Board Transition Guide to get new board members and website volunteers up to speed as quickly as possible on the key elements of your PTA or PTO website.
We cover things as simple as logging into your site to changing your theme, editing your calendar, posting news and more. It’s laid out in a very easy to follow format and should be the perfect companion for any new website volunteer at your school. PLUS, with our award winning Help Center and phenomenal support experts available directly via chat and email, even if you do get stuck, there’s always someone around to help you find your way!
For those of you that are new to your Digital PTO website, we welcome you! We’re excited to have you as a part of our family. Please let us know if there is anything we can do to help you manage and maintain your PTA or PTO website!
Visit the PTA / PTO Website Transition Guide Here!
«Is your website ready for the Fall?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.246304
Retrieved Text: If someone were to ask me what I do, its sometimes hard to explain... I thought of a new way last night.
I think about how to do a task. Then I make a computer do the task. Then I think of how a user might interact with the computer while doing the task. I then watch what happens and fix whatever breaks.
These steps don't usually happen in series. Not really in parallel either. More of a furball.
There is a saying in astronomy/physics which goes something like... 'anything not expressly forbidden is compulsory' which is about the same as saying '**** happens'.
It comes into play in situations like forbidden emission/absorption lines in spectroscopic analysis... astronomers will see these lines in spectra, although they are technically forbidden.
What is meant by 'forbidden' in this case is that the transition which would cause the spectral line is extremely unlikely via quantum mechanics. As in once in a billion, billion times. And if there is any other way the transition could occur, it will almost always happen in that way.
However, forbidden lines do happen because, while the chance of them is very, very small and the likelihood of a any other way of that transition happening in very, very high, in interstellar gas clouds there are a large, large number of atoms which are at very, very low densities. We're talking about better than the best vacuum created on the Earth. So there is almost no interaction between the atoms in the gas cloud, which means there is almost no other

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.19365
Retrieved Text: Your dream of a flying car remain unfulfilled, but several companies claim they’re close to making it a reality. We recently heard about BlackFly, which promises to take you up and away with no pilot’s license needed. Terrafugia is taking a more “conventional” approach to the flying car conundrum. The Terrafugia Transition will take you wherever you want to go with its foldable wings, and you might be able to buy one next year.
Terrafugia has been showing off prototypes and making vague promises for several years, but this is the first time there’s been anything approaching a release date. We’re also getting more details about the specs of this 2-seater ground and air vehicle. The latest version of the Transition looks neither like a car nor like a plane, but it can operate as either.
According to Terrafugia, the Transition will be a hybrid vehicle with a gasoline engine and a lithium-ion phosphate battery. That’s for driving mode, though, In the air, you’ll rely on the gas engine, which burns five gallons of fuel per hour. Using the battery in car mode should help conserve fuel for when you take off.
The Transition’s wings fold up when not in use, allowing it to fit in standard lanes on public roads. It even has three rearview cameras in driving mode. Terrafugia says it complies with all NHTSA regulations, although I wonder how it’ll do in a crash test.
Just another car driving down the street. Nothing to see here.
When the time comes to take off, you’ll need to find a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.137653
Retrieved Text: We love it when we can assist a family who has had trouble with other lenders and realtors. This wonderful vertan family was able to get into their dream home after working with our team to get assistance with their home buying costs.
“We are grateful for the help that MHAF provided in making our dream of home ownership a reality. We could not get financing for a home because of our credit combined with not being able to save a down payment due to me being the sole provider for quite sometime.
Carla found out about our military housing assistance program through a quick Google search. We were able to put her in touch with the resources she needed to find the perfect home.
“The Military Housing Assistance Fund was a great help to me during the purchase of my new home. The realtor I was assigned was very helpful. I felt from the beginning his goal was to help me find the home that I loved and could afford.
This was not my first home purchase, but it was the first time I worked with a mortgage company that I felt like I had a personal relationship with. Michael kept me informed about what I needed and ultimately made sure he could make the closing happen.
Buying a home is a major process, and we’re proud to be a team that is not only knowledgeable and helpful, but able to work extremely quickly to get our clients into their new homes. The quicker, the better!
“I started looking for new

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.127829
Retrieved Text: (Reuters) - UK Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit plan could leave Britain in a “long running” multiyear transition period, the London Times reported on Wednesday citing leaked documents seen by the newspaper.
According to the leaked documents, the plan “could in theory, lead to a long running IP (implementation period)” and the arrangement could last for many years on a “rolling” basis with an “annual decision point” where any transition extension is reviewed, the Times reported.
The documents were drawn up by May’s principal Europe adviser, Oliver Robbins, on instructions from May’s office, according to the report.
The documents reveal that cabinet ministers have been presented with different models to work out what would happen if a trade deal to govern UK’s future relationship with the EU was not reached by the end of the transition period, the Times said.
With just over five months until Britain is scheduled to leave the EU, Brexit talks have stalled over a disagreement on the so-called Northern Irish “backstop”, an insurance policy to ensure there will be no return to a hard border on the island of Ireland if a future trading relationship is not agreed in time.
May again failed to clinch a deal at an EU summit last week and her decision to signal the possibility of extending a post-Brexit transition period, keeping Britain under EU governance with no say in it, to help end the deadlock, has angered both hardline supporters of Brexit and pro-EU lawmakers.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.999949
Retrieved Text: Starting early Tuesday, we will have snow and sleet switching to freezing rain, especially south of M-59. As the storm system surges again Monday evening, a quick transition from snow to rain will happen between about 2 a.m. and 5 a.m. Tuesday.
Snow is likely Tuesday afternoon. "This will result in a significant impact to the evening commute with snow covered roads and poor [visibility] in moderate/heavy snow". Scattered snow showers for Wednesday with highs near 30.
More wintry weather is on the way beginning early Monday morning. A Winter Weather Advisory is in effect for the entire state for a period of snow, followed by a change to wintry mix and rain. The snow won't be around for long but it will be a burst of heavy snow - before it switches over to either sleet or freezing rain. East wind will be at 7 to 10 miles per hour. After Monday, dry conditions are expected through Thursday with temperatures in the 30s and 40s.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.961391
Retrieved Text: 5 March 2010: Transition Town Worthing has been getting passengers signed up to our Cut Train Fares campaign. The group has a vision for transport and it's getting people involved to make it happen.
Transition Town groups like the one in Worthing are engaging local communities to respond positively to the challenges of peak oil and climate change. They know that if we're going to meet these challenges, people must have an incentive to choose low carbon public transport instead of driving and flying.
The Worthing group has given out hundreds of postcards - if you or a local group near you could do the same, we could have even more impact.
Order postcards or contact me to find out more about the campaign.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.88758
Retrieved Text: Mohammed Ibn Chambas, Envoy to the United Nation’s Secretary, General Ban Ki Moon said it is very unlikely for the civilian uprising which happened in Burkina Faso to happen in Ghana.
If anything, Mr Chambas said the lessons were for “sit-tight” presidents in Africa who have refused to give up power.
“The lessons [from Burkina Faso] are not for countries like Ghana and Senegal, which are becoming fairly matured in their democracies.
“The lesson is for the sit-tight presidents in Africa. They must begin to read the scripts in Burkina Faso,” he cautioned while discussing the crisis in Burkina Faso on Joy FM’s Ghana Connect programme.
Unlike in Burkina Faso where entrenched clauses and presidential terms are changed by a mere vote in Parliament, amending Ghana’s constitution is a bit onerous, Ibn Chambas noted.
He added “there is a broad consensus in Ghana on term limitations by a government” which makes it difficult for a civil disobedience triggered by an attempted change in tenure to happen in Ghana.
Millions of people in Burkina Faso took to the streets and succeeded in torching the country’s Parliament after the government attempted to extend the 27 year tenure of President Blaise Campoare.
They also ransacked the country’s national broadcaster, in a revolt that eventually led to the resignation of the president.
A military leader Lt. Col. Isaac Zida has taken temporary charge of the country, with pressure being mounted on him to hand over power to a transition government.
Ibn Chabas said the search is on for a popular, affable and politically neutral leader to lead Burkina Faso’s

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.878632
Retrieved Text: On Monday, leaders from around the world will meet in Paris with the goal of reaching a global agreement to fight disastrous levels of climate change. In order for such a goal to be a success, they’ll need to transition the world away from fossil fuels, but how fast that can happen remains to be seen.
While the switch from carbon-heavy fossil fuels to renewable energy technologies needs to happen as fast as possible in order to cut carbon emission, there’s another tool that shouldn’t be underestimated.
There’s no shortage of reasons why rainforests should be conserved and restored in their own right. They’re home to cultures, animals and plants that can’t survive anywhere else. But rainforests can help play a big role in sequestering carbon as the world weens itself off of fossil fuels.
In an article published in Nature Climate Change earlier this week, climate experts from Rainforest Trust and the Woods Hole Research Center estimate that conserving and restoring tropical forests could cut carbon emissions by half.
It’s well known that forests are an important carbon sink, but right now, rainforest regions areas are contributing to emissions due to forest degradation and deforestation.
The article identifies three ways that trend could be turned around, and rainforests could start helping sequester carbon. First, if deforestation were to stop, so would the emissions produced by harvesting trees and slash-and-burn agriculture. Second, forests that are currently recovering from previous damage can capture carbon at a much higher rate—something to the tune of 3 gigatons of carbon per year.
Thirdly, rainforest restoration could

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.728834
Retrieved Text: In the original timeline for Brexit negotiations, the EU summit that took place last month would have resulted in an agreed exit deal. Another meeting in November would finalise that deal before it passed through the UK and European parliaments in the new year, enabling the 21-month transition period to begin at 11pm GMT on March 29, 2019.
It is no secret, however, that negotiations are behind schedule. As things stand, no final agreement has been reached, with EU chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, stating both sides need “much more time”. Having published ‘no-deal’ contingency advice for businesses, the UK government has now set a mid-November date for its own no-deal preparations, while stressing that such an outcome “remains unlikely”.
The planned deadline for the EU27 to agree the UK’s exit treaty has now shifted to the last scheduled EU summit of 2018 on December 13-14. However, there may still be a November summit if Prime Minister Theresa May can gather domestic support for her withdrawal proposals in time. If no agreement can be made this year, an emergency EU meeting in January is possible.
The final rubber stamping of the deal comes from the 751 members of the European Parliament. A vote has been tabled to ratify the treaty on March 11-14, 2019 – just two weeks before the Brexit due date. If this target is missed, the next voting opportunity is March 28 – the day before Brexit.
In the event that there is no final withdrawal agreement by January 21, the UK government must ask MPs to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.60983
Retrieved Text: 1000'S of financial institution testing account as asian dating site in europe. First class dating site in europe. Spiritual singles. You have asked police for young lady now, for a smooth transition from seeing help. Top free new dating sites in new dating sites free new people and you have asked police for a. Be2 is imani showalter dating site in new 100 free? Safeway dating site in europe free european dating for every time you will do you have asked police for guys who broke college girls now! These internet. California's singles dating for a 6 continents. Spiritual singles from seeing help. Genuine there economical region wide range of jsingles is a smooth transition from lend initial client screening to final funding in. Filipina dating site in a very dating site in your area join free new people in new life. 100 free. Start dating site in usa and europe loves to final funding in europe. Online dating sites. These loans. Date a smooth transition from lend initial indian dating site in europe shoes loves to begin with tourbar! Television. Create european dating site in europe. Us provides free dating over system with similarly. You have asked police race matters in online dating a couple of european missions.
Dating site in new people and open new european new europe. For free european dating site profile tips now, for americans york european persons. Romanian singles meet new york. Location, you have asked police for a california's free dating sites in east europe for americans. business speed dating

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.480108
Retrieved Text: Want to transition to University of Houston-Clear Lake easily and smoothly? International Advising within the Office of International Admissions and Programs can make that happen. We are here for you!
Our mission is to serve your interests and education so you can make a seamless transition to life in America and to our campus. We work closely with all the students, dependents and scholars sponsored by UHCL. This includes assistance with the processing of immigration documents, government reporting, status letters, change of status, work authorization and more. As part of the advising process, we also conduct immigration workshops and send monthly emails throughout the academic year to assist you in maintaining your immigration status.
If you have any questions about your experience as an international student at UHCL, contact International Advising directly at intladvising@uhcl.edu. We’re able to assist you with concerns like full-time enrollment requirements, restrictions on working in the U.S., traveling around the U.S. and other rules and responsibilities connected to your immigration status.
International Advising looks forward to assisting you. If you would like to meet with your adviser, schedule an appointment by calling 281-283-2740 or email intladvising@uhcl.edu.
We also have Express Advising available Tuesday and Wednesday, 2-5 p.m., with no appointment necessary. Express Advising is meant for quick immigration questions, so if you have complex immigration questions or processes, it will require an appointment.
If you are a prospective international student with admissions questions about UHCL, visit our International Admissions page.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.373358
Retrieved Text: Our dedicated team gather all you need to know about being a foreign driver in the UK. From step-by-step guides to get you started, to keeping you informed about the latest innovations, we’ve got you covered!
We're doing our best to make insurance accessible for as many people as possible. But unfortunately, keeping our premiums low also means not being able to insure everyone. Want to understand how this works? Simply follow the link.
How to switch car insurance provider?
Changing car insurance provider can seem like a hassle, which is why we've gathered a few details you might want to keep in mind for a smooth transition.
What makes my car insurance expensive?
Insurance prices area mystery for most people. If you're wondering what could make your car insurance more expensive than your neighbour's, you've come to the right place!
How to react after a crash?
We don't like to think about it, but accidents happen. So let's make sure we're prepared! Here are three basic steps never to forget if you're involved in a car crash on UK roads.
Moving to the UK is already confusing, but getting used to driving there is a whole other level of challenging. While you’re figuring out how to drive on the left side of the road, here is a quick guide on how to use your foreign driving licence in the UK.
How to exchange a foreign licence for a British one?
A little guide on how and when to exchange a foreign licence for a British one. Don't miss out!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.368958
Retrieved Text: Tools such as stay bonuses and incentive compensation can help keep key employees not selected for ownership motivated to grow the company and ?ultimately achieve the transition. The same care must be taken with family members who do not work in the business. Encourage all family members to participate in the transition planning process and to understand what could happen – both financially and personally – if the transition is not successful. Consider using estate planning and other tools to help these family members feel they have been treated fairly even if they will not receive ownership in the business.
Matt Bisturis is an attorney with Schwabe, Williamson & Wyatt in its business transitions, corporate, mergers and acquisitions, and real estate and construction groups. Contact him at 360-905-1113 or mbisturis@ schwabe.com.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.351488
Retrieved Text: Data breaches happen. What’s important is reducing the likelihood as best you can.
For many organizations, this means converting to cloud-based data storage systems with built-in and record-proven security and encryption methods.
A strong, trustworthy cloud-based data storage solution will provide the perfect balance of accessibility for those who need it and protection from those who don’t – both internally and externally.
This webcast discusses some of Oracle’s autonomous cloud-based data storage solutions and why it could make sense for your organization to make a data storage transition.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.3092
Retrieved Text: Lots of igoogle paperwork only in black men seeking black guys be the dish with cornrows. Is so, interracial match sign up for a only in fiscal year old woman gals of my friend. Lots of high http://www.craftown.com/ and recommended black men was amazed, and fun and objectives, so quick. Now have asked police for black men dating sites time small-dollar loan be! Your web sites for guys dating sites credit score very few restrictions on a smooth transition from lend initial client white guy dating site. One dating site - he white women dating site credit score very few restrictions on how to devote white guys. White's best way dating black women overdraft account is authorized then becomes veracity for the social networking. Russian women sites for dating sites it clear that like net dating black men - mate1 dating site. The time to get baffling. Relationships are free and sound. Though there is your car? List free fishing. Cheating dating site.
Journalist black women dating sites for a little more loans at white guys dating white women. Cheating dating black men dating white men dating sites. With this day computing brings us men seeking black women dating white women. Journalist gillian tett notes that dating site you will will locate that want so we could get money quick. Generally speaking, seem hopeless at times of my heart beat in fiscal year old guy arranging to dating site can extend the best period. Virtually all inclusive singles. And shady goals and content material for white women

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.18683
Retrieved Text: Hey mamas! I’m Jennifer, Head of Content and Communication as well as one of the Sleep Consultants with Taking Cara Babies. I’m also mom of 3-year-old Lukas. Cara and I wanted to share Lukas’s recent transition to the toddler bed with you!
First, did you noticed that Lukas is three? Yes, three. He loved his crib, was a fabulous sleeper, and never tried to crawl out. We were in no hurry to transition because we know transitioning to the toddler bed too early can cause major sleep disruptions. How did we know Lukas was ready? Signs it’s time to transition can be found HERE.
Before we moved Lukas to his toddler bed, we started talking about it daily with him. We actually started a countdown with him every night for the few days before the big transition. Doing this made sure Lukas felt as prepared as possible and not surprised by the change. At this age, he really understands so much, and we wanted to make sure that he had the opportunity to deal with this gently.
During that week, we also talked about how the only thing changing was his bed. Just like he stayed in his crib and waited until we came to get him in the morning and after naps, he would stay in his big boy bed the same way.
This video is from the last night in his crib.
Because we knew that Lukas had an emotional attachment to his crib and we wanted to keep the transition as seamless as possible, we moved the crib

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.185982
Retrieved Text: Anyways haha I’ve decided to do a little series on my blog! Each day I wear makeup (almost everyday I go outside) I’ll make a quick little blog showing you guys and just telling you what products I use. I’ve seen loads of beauty bloggers doing this, so I decided to dip my hand in the beauty guru pot!
For my eyes I used my nicka k pallette. I used a transition shade close to my skin tone for my crease and built that up. Then I used a chocolaty brown from the same palette and put it all over my lid. Make sure to blend, blend, blend!
For mascara I used the lash sensational by Maybelline which I should have a review on coming soon!
For my cute purple lips I used a brand called lip lacquer! I wish they had shade names but sadly the don’t, ugh.
So that’s it lovelies it’s very quick and simple. I know it’s not in depth but it’s not really meant to be a tutorial! It’s more or less just telling you quickly what I used! Although if you’d like a tutorial thats in depth I can make that happen ;).
Haha anyways I hope you guys enjoyed this quick little post I’m excited for this little blogger series! If you liked this post feel free to give it a like or some feedback I’d totally appreciate it :).
♡♡Question of the day♡♡: What is your favorite lipstick/liquid lipstick/gloss this month?!
Love this look!! Gorgeous lip color too!!!
Love the lipstick colour, it really suits you!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.148535
Retrieved Text: Global warming is often seen as a problem for future generations, but focusing on the immediate – and substantial – health benefits of clean energy can change public perception of climate change.
Dealing with climate change will require countries to 'decarbonize' their energy infrastructure. The history of infrastructure suggests this could happen quickly once the transition starts.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.148153
Retrieved Text: The promise of Happy New Year might seem to be ironic for those involved in email marketing. Looming over everything is the spectre of Brexit and its fallout. It’s worrying for everyone, including those who are hopeful of a clean break. After all, none of us know what is going to happen.
7–27 January – Withdrawal Agreement approved.
January-February – European Parliament consents to the Withdrawal Agreement.
January-March – The Withdrawal Bill is debated and passed.
March – Withdrawal Agreement ratified by EU and UK.
29 March – UK leaves the EU.
2020 or thereabouts – There will be a transition period ending 2020 or at a later time as the Northern Ireland Backstop terms dictate.
If it all goes to plan, the effect on email marketing in particular, and marketing in general, will be minimal during the transition period. The UK will still be in the Single Market and the Customs Union for that period. It is best to say minimal as there are likely to be technical or legal issues that will arise from time to time.
As mentioned previously on these pages, the regulations regarding the way you collect and process your email marketing lists will stay the same subject to any, albeit highly unlikely, requirements imposed by the EU during the transition period.
Now we come to the ifs, and ands.
In the event the above process is not followed, the default position is that the UK leaves the EU with no deal. Or, to put it another way, the government has to do something to stop a no deal exit.
There are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.125034
Retrieved Text: The Wall Street Journal has re-confirmed earlier reports that Apple Computer will announce Monday a slow transition to Intel processors in its Macintosh computer line over the next few years.
The WSJ reported Monday (subscription required) that Apple "has begun briefing some partners about plans to begin shifting its Macintosh computer line next year to Intel chips, according to industry executives and people familiar with the briefings. Apple has said it expects to announce the move today, these people said."
Apple Chief Executive Officer Steve Jobs is expected to make the announcement during his keynote speech at the company?s Worldwide Developer?s Conference in San Francisco beginning at 10am Pacific Time (1pm Eastern Time).
The WSJ said Paul Otellini, Intelis CEO, may take part in the keynote address with Mr. Jobs. TMO has confirmed through its own sources that Mr. Otellini arrived in the San Francisco area Saturday.
The Mac Observer will provide live continuous text coverage of the keynote online. Apple is not providing live satellite coverage or online streaming video of the address to the general public.
TMO has confirmed Intel CEO Paul Otellini is in San Francisco and might be part of the Steve Jobs keynote at WWDC Monday.
The report said Apple "recently briefed IBM and other major software partners on its plans," but that "given Mr. Jobsis mercurial reputation," anything could happen and a "change" in the announcement could occur at the last minute.
"It couldnit be determined whether Intel has agreed to offer some modifications of its microprocessors for Apple alone or will sell it standard chips," the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.121767
Retrieved Text: I have several bugs that happen in 4.12 related to character blueprint. I have following Pawn class structure: C++ Character-> BP_Character -> BP_Child. These bugs happen only running networked game with server. No bugs in standalone client game.
I have this old crash on pressing play button after converting to 4.12 too. Crashdump talks about BP_Child replication. https://answers.unrealengine.com/questions/397989/blueprint-replication-problems-on-transition-to-41.html It does not crash when I am opening BP_Character asset first (kind of preload).
All of these bugs are related and happen because of broken BP_Character after upgrade. They happen only in networked games. I recreated BP_Char and the bugs are still there.
Hey Footman, I'll investigate the first crash in this post, but could you please create a separate topic for the second issue? We'd like to investigate each issue independently.
Can you reproduce the crash in a clean project?
If so, can you please provide repro steps?
Can you provide the logs from your project's Saved->Logs folder after the crash occurs?
Can you please cause the crash again and provide your Machine ID from the Crash Reporter window and ensure to hit Send & Close?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.100977
Retrieved Text: The Triple Mix race contains three heats. In the first heat, the athletes will start with swimming, then cycling and as last part running, just like a normal triathlon. The second heat will with running, but not in a mass start. The athletes start in the same order, and time difference, as they finished the previous heat. After the running part, they get on the bike and will finish with swimming. The third and last heat starts with cycling. The athletes have to run towards their bikes (just like a normal transition) and ride the course. Then they have to switch to their swimming goggles during the transition and they finish with running.
Personally I had the feeling that I had to do a triathlon myself. At the start of the race I had to place my shoes, ready to put on, at the beach so I could jump out of the boat. After that a quick run towards the transition area and running course to shoot the end of the first heat and the beginning of the second heat. And to finish it all I had to run towards the start of the cycling course, put on long trousers and a coat to sit on the back of the motorbike.
It was a lot of fun, I’ve learned a lot, and I can’t wait for the next one!

================



======= Instance Index 30 =========
Input Text: Given that Then they would awake, terrified and sweating, to find themselves in white starched linen, in a comfortable bed, in peaceful England. And all would be well. It may be said that although he survived it the siege nevertheless had a bad effect on the Collector. Therefore, it must be true that "the siege nevertheless had a bad effect on the Collector"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.590914
Retrieved Text: Paladins combines a rich fantasy setting with the fast action of a team-based first person shooter. In addition to the core shooter experience, Paladins also offers deep strategy and in-match character progression through decks of collectible cards, which amplify and augment a character’s core set of abilities.
Paladins is a First person shooter-game for the developed by Hi-Rez Studios and published by Hi-Rez Studios.
Champion of Champions: Unlock all trophies in Paladins.
Champion of the Realm: Get 4 Champions at Mastery 5.
Master Collector: Unlock 100 Cards.
Untouched: Win a Siege match where the enemy team scored no points.
Questions Later: Deal damage to every enemy champion in Siege before any of them damaged you.
Boom Headshot: Land 5 headshots in a row without missing.
Last One Standing: Be the only player alive in a match.
Send Off: Kill a player with an environmental hazard.
Not Like This: Kill an enemy player while you are at or below 50 Health.
Double Kill: Get 10 Double Kills.
Survivor: Survived more than 50 battles with less than 10% health.
Hard Carry: Kill more than 20 enemy champions in a single Siege match.
Give 110 Percent: Get a killing blow after the Round has ended.
Bounty Hunter: Kill an enemy player who is on a 15 killstreak or higher.
I Like Big Numbers: Deal more than 100,000 damage during a match.
From the Grave: Kill an enemy champion after they had already killed you.
Gone Spelunking: Die to an environmental hazard.
Sniper: Kill an enemy player from over 300 units away.
Counter-Air Defense: Kill a player in the air who is over 100 units above the ground.
Teamed Up: Played

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.398874
Retrieved Text: From our range of movies & TV prints is this DC Comics Bad Girls framed collector print. Measuring 50x100cm and printed on FUJI film photographic stock each of our collector prints features artwork not found on our other product formats making each of these some that little bit extra special. Framed in our custom wooden 25mm MDF frame each image is finished with a stylish off white border giving the effect of a mount and comes with hanging brackets ready mounted to the reverse of the frame - all you need to do it find something suitable to hang it from and your ready made piece of art can be enjoyed.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.818378
Retrieved Text: Soviet women flee their houses, destroyed by German bombers.
The Siege of Leningrad was the German siege of the city of Leningrad, from September 8, 1941 to January 27, 1944. In total, the siege lasted 900 days. The operation ended with the failure of Army Group North to capture the city and a Soviet victory.
After Nazi Germany invaded the Soviet Union in Operation Barbarossa, Leningrad was besieged. The city's loss would have devastated Soviet morale, and the 872-day siege came to symbolize the Soviet people's determination.
Despite the city's importance, little was done to prepare for a siege until the last minute because no one believed that the Germans would progress so far. When action was taken, the city's defenses were prioritized. Hundreds of thousands of citizens, including schoolchildren, were mobilized to dig 547 km of antitank ditches and two 575 km of trenches. The German encirclement began on 8 September 1941 when the 20th Motorized Infantry Division and supporting units captured Shlisselburg, isolating Leningrad. In August, German forces reached the city’s outskirts and the shores of Lake Ladoga, cutting off the the city from the Russian Army. The Germans were unable to push their tanks into the city despite having cut off the city's land communications. Instead, they decided to starve the city into surrender. The Soviets were caught off-guard. Nobody had the mind to order stockpiling food - there were only grain reserves for five days left in the city - and the women, children and the elderly had not been evacuated. In November, Russian forces

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.81172
Retrieved Text: Thiruvananthapuram: The Kerala Women’s Commission Monday registered a case against CPI(M) legislator S. Rajendran for his remarks against Devikulam Sub-Collector Renu Raj.
Commission sources said the case was registered on the basis of media reports about the Member of the Legislative Assembly’s purported remarks against the official.
Television channels had aired visuals showing the legislator making the disparaging comments to the effect that the sub-collector lacked brains and had no powers to intervene in the construction as building rules comes under the panchayat.
“She doesn’t have brains. She studied only to become a collector. Such people will have only so much brains. Should she not study the sketch, plans? A collector cannot intervene in a panchayat construction,” the MLA had reportedly said on Friday after revenue officials tried to stop the construction.
The Kerala High Court had in a 2010 judgement said for any new construction in Munnar, a no-objection certificate (NOC) had to be obtained.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.80525
Retrieved Text: COLLECTOR VIVEK Aggarwal has declared the entire district a water scarcity area forbidding, in effect, digging of borewells and drawing water from over or underground sources for irrigation or industrial purposes.
The order, passed under Section 3 of the MP Potable Water Conservation Act, 1986 will remain in effect until June 30, 2006. In an official statement issued on Saturday the Collector forbade drawing water from lakes, rivers, ponds and reservoirs except for drinking and washing purposes. The statement also imposed an embargo on digging of borewells unless cleared by an official authorised or by the Collector.
The statement named Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) Commissioner P Narhari the sanctioning authority for clearing borewell digging in municipal areas and announced that similar powers had been vested in the sub-divisional magistrate for Indore, Sanwer, Mhow and Depalpur tehsils.
Anyone wishing to dig borewells would have to submit a written application as per prescribed format to these officials as long as the order is in effect, said the statement.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.795994
Retrieved Text: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Monday registered cases against people belonging to 20 organisations for rioting, attempt to murder, attack on public servants and damage to property during the anti-Sterlite protests in Tuticorin on May 22 and 23.
CHENNAI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Monday registered cases against people belonging to 20 organisations for rioting, attempt to murder, attack on public servants and damage to property during the anti-Sterlite protests in Tuticorin on May 22 and 23. Thirteen people were killed in the police firing on protesters during the agitation.
The CBI action followed directions from the Madurai bench of the Madras High Court on August 14 to take over the case.
According to the original FIR filed by the inspector of the SIPCOT police station in Tuticorin, several groups in the town and nearby areas had planned to protest at the district collector's office on May 22 and not leave until Sterlite's copper factory was closed.
Section 144 was promulgated around Sterlite industries before May 21. A peace committee meeting was held with the protestors on May 20 at the collector's office by the sub collector. Representatives of 20 organisations including the Thoothukudi Vyabarigal Sangam, the fishermen sangam, and the Veeranganai group took part in the meeting. The participants agreed to give up forced occupation and siege and to conduct a protest at SAV school ground.
The FIR alleged that there was widespread rioting on May 22 as mobs moved towards the Tuticorin collector's office and destroyed vehicles. Slogans were allegedly shouted that the collector office

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.73323
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Transformers Toy Discussion' started by Sol Fury, Jan 7, 2019.
I was insinuating that Battletrap winning the favorite poll must have been an inside job given how highly that figure was received by a number of the staff while being simultaneously panned by a number of us commoners.
You guys didn’t tell me we were having a conspiracy!
Can I change my TOTY to Battlettap??
Who wants to be a toy board mod?
Who bans people when the fighting won't stop?
Who keeps Battletrap UP ON TOP????
I bought him at lunchtime today! His bot mode articulation is great (rotors and jet intakes get in the way a bit, though) and that chopper mode is perfect. But the best part is the clever and intuitive transformation. That's not something you can fully appreciate without having him in hand. It is complex enough to satisfy and simple enough to not be too fiddly. Nice choice!
Too bad LG-EX Grand Maximus missed the list. He's superior to all releases of TR/LG Fort Max in terms of paint, solves the LG sealed-leg issue and has Masterforce electronics - making him the best release of the mold, hands down. I know his price is cost prohibitive - which may be the primary reason he got the short stick here. No one (or very few) probably from the staff owns him!
I will save this pic for the posterity. If one day I fee sad and devastated, I will open the file to recover my happiness and to laugh for 2 hours.
Other runner up's for me are Siege

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.706139
Retrieved Text: ISLAMABAD: The Central Selection Board meeting chaired by Prime Minister Imran Khan on Monday approved promotion of a number of civil servants from grade-21 to grade-22 including Director General Customs (Intelligence and Investigation) Zahid Khokhar and Javed Ghani, who is recently transferred from DG Transit Trade to Member Customs (Policy), FBR.
Muhammad Zahid Khokhar was recently transferred and posted as Director General, Directorate General of Intelligence & Investigation-FBR, Islamabad. Muhammad Zahid had assumed the charge of the post of Member Customs on February 25, 2017. Before this, he had taken charge as Chief Collector of Customs (Enforcement), Karachi on August 4, 2015 after relinquishing the charge of the post Collector, Customs Wing, Model Customs Collectorate of Appraisement, Lahore on August 3, 2015. He promoted from BS-20 to BS-21 with effect from June 18, 2015.
Zahid Khokhar also gave his services as Collector, Model Customs Collectorate, Faisalabad with effect from August 12, 2013. Zahid Khokhar relinquished the charge of the post of Director, Directorate of Customs Post Clearance Audit, Lahore on March 07, 2012 and assumed the charge of the post of Director, Directorate of Intelligence & Investigation (Inland Revenue), Lahore with effect from March 7, 2012. Zahid was also posted as Collector, Model Customs Collectorate, Quetta in year 2011, and was made Director, Directorate of Post Clearance Audit (PCA), Lahore on October 3, 2011.
The officer had been working as Collector, Model Customs Collectorate, Sambrial, Sialkot in year 2011, when he was transferred and posted as Collector, Model Customs Collectorate, Quetta.
Others who were promoted to grade-22 include the Pakistan

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.101835
Retrieved Text: The best Rainbow Six Siege rank boost up to diamond and more.
Our company employs highly experienced and skillful Rainbow Six Siege boosters who are capable of boosting from any to the highest ranks of the game including diamond rank.
BuyBoosting keeps tight control over the boosting process. This allows our company to give the safest and most private boosting experience for Rainbow Six Siege.
To provide a seamless Rainbow Six Siege boosting experience, we provide a private live chat with the booster on every order at BuyBoosting. The measure further improves coordination and order scheduling.
Our always-online support team is ready to solve any custom inquiries from the clients. If you need help for your R6S order, do not hesitate to contact us through live chat, our social media profiles or e-mail.
BuyBoosting delivers a premium boosting experience for Rainbow Six Siege players, but the price of these services remain low. The goal of our pricing strategy is to make rank boosting available for everyone.
Rainbow Six Siege is considered one of the most successful additions to the Rainbow Six series. The game offers intense and exciting gameplay and compared to other online shooters, its lifelike health bars and close quarter fighting style makes it one of the most realistic games. As its name tells, the gameplay revolves around a siege like combat between two opposing teams: the terrorists and counter-counter terrorists. The overall objective of each short gaming phase for one team is to defend the objective while for the other one it is to take it over in time

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.87908
Retrieved Text: " The Siege of Madrigal" from siege Halo: Combat Evolved. 4 Share download , flute , print free sheet music for piano, 4 guitar more on the world' s largest community of sheet music creators. Sep 09, · La canción de Myth " Siege of Madrigal" también en Halo como Easter Egg. This is a Easter Egg song from halo, you can halo hear the song in each halo game made by bungie. is available only in app! Myth TFL 4 sheet / Halo - THE siege SIEGE OF MADRIGAL, piano cover + SHEETS - HD. Home » H » Halo » Halo - Siege Of Madrigal Tabs. BUY SHEET MUSIC ↑ Back to top | Tablatures ukulele, chords for madrigal acoustic guitar , electric guitar drums are parodies/ interpretations of the original songs. on my second account, Ivy101. 1 part • 1 page • 01: 06 • a year ago • siege 911 madrigal views. It serves as the namesake of Siege of Madrigal, a musical piece from Myth: The Fallen halo Lords. This song is meant to pump you up plays in the halo background of the final battle of Halo 4 the level Midnight. Published on Sep 4, Hey. The music appears halo just as it did in the original game. SIEGE OF MADRIGAL TAB by Halo @ siege Ultimate- Guitar. Halo Wars Halo 4 do not include the madrigal sheet Siege of Madrigal track hidden in either games since neither were madrigal developed by Bungie. Home » Sheet Music » Halo Siege

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.855925
Retrieved Text: What is this like? Is it good/bad quality? Missing something or fairly complete?
Its a "tool box", where you have to build most of what you need gear, ship, and setting wise, but yeah, I'd say its complete as far as rules go. Meaning it also gives you rules to consistently do all the building with too.
I was thinking of running one of Jim Ward's sci-fi modules (Dark Colony, etc.) with my group, but I don't have any sci-fi rules sets. The Eldritch Enterprises modules are written in a generic, system-less format, so it is adaptable to virtually anything. I had planned on running the module without a rules set at all and just wing everything. Jim basically did that when I played in one of his slaughter-fests at Gary Con last year. Now I'm wondering if picking up Star Siege might be a good idea. I just need a basic rules set without digging into all of the trappings like spaceship data.
I would say it would be a good bet. You already know you can't get much easier than a SIEGE check, and Star SIEGE doesn't mess with that overly much.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.848314
Retrieved Text: I worry that the involvement of the government and regulatory agencies are driving out true innovation for the medical record.
It’s trapped in an antiquated paradigm, and most of what we consider “the chart” is redundant, unnecessary or silo’ed as each caregiving point is constrained to requirements which may be well-meaning but nevertheless are trapped in very old paradigms.
Both are still hype, but they are so overwhelming that the EHR itself is more dysfunctional than ever.
We’ll never get a fresh approach because it will never pass muster with the Central Committees. Didn’t work for the Soviets and won’t work for us.
Don’t discount the skills and IT aptitude of “insider clinicians”. We’re smarter and more versatile than you think.
Indefinitley skipping HIMSS may not be a bad idea for all the above reasons.
Thanks, Ed for a great post. Siege sage, Siege sage, hoj, hoj as they used to say in Muenchen. BTW, they do wear long legged Lederhosen on motorcycles. Take care and hope to see you soon.
Great post ED! I once heard of a guy who used waitresses to gather information from his internal customers. They were use to asking questions, reading their customers, and most importantly, listening.
Agree. But suggest that you add AMIA to the rotation. The clinical informatics ideas seen there also show up at HIMSS several years later.
It was pleasure discovering today that we have similar childhood “transplant experiences” however, in reverse. Dallas to Zurich in 1958 and then back home to Dallas in 1962.
Having grown up around physicians in the family in the 70’s

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.770945
Retrieved Text: It appears Chan returned to his keyboard in time to fight back--by accidentally shooting at a non-flagged target. His safety button proved to be as useless as Anti-Ganking.
The most fearsome wardeccers in the galaxy enforce the Code. Moonpire Holding corporation learned this when they failed to defend their 5.2 billion isk engineering complex. It was promptly removed by Agents Blazing Pancake, Dominated, Kissemurra, Chocolate Rainbow Cake, Ice is Nice, Love Humps, Sigrid Tystnad, Delicate Feminine Flower, Zedd Yeti, danish peyote, darling peyote, demigod peyote, Discofitta, Bonobo Yeti, dong peyote, dumb peyote, dabbing peyote, deadmouse five yeti, Jathrine, Rainbow Cake, Skrillex Yeti, Kermakakku, Aiko Danuja, Amarr Rockstarr, and Improved Fortnight. Contrary to what you'll often hear from the carebears, wardecs aren't broken. As long as highsec industrialists are getting their stuff blown up, wardecs are working as intended.
Karetus managed to lose an 8.1 billion isk Impel in--you guessed it--Uedama. His ship had plenty of warp core strength, but its pilot didn't have the strength of will necessary to remain at his keyboard for a few jumps. Justice was done by Agents Jason Kusion, Johnathan Kusion, Jayson Kusion, Joshua Kusion, Josh Kusion, Jacob Kusion, Jeremy Kusion, Jeremiah Kusion, Joseph Kusion, Joel Kusion, Jackson Kusion, Jayden Kusion, Jake Kusion, Justin Kusion, Jack Kusion, Jessie Kusion, Jeffery Kusion, Jonas Kusion, Josiah Kusion, and Jimmy Kusion. You might say "Justice" is an unofficial member of the Kusion family.
Why would someone not pay their taxes? I don't get it. Tesla Express lost everything because he couldn't be bothered to spend 10 million

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.760109
Retrieved Text: We started thinking about handling bad input while sanitizing bridge descriptors in CollecTor (#19834) and while reading relay descriptors in Onionoo (#20412). But before we implement any changes we should generalize our strategies for handling bad input to avoid solving the same problem over and over. The result of this discussion can also serve as guide for future code.
What we're not covering here (but what we should think about anyway) is how we're handling issues during processing that are not directly related to bad input, like problems with sanitizing bridge IP addresses.
CollecTor downloads descriptors from the directory or TorDNSEL or Torperf or processes previously downloaded descriptors.
CollecTor synchronizes descriptors from other CollecTor instances.
CollecTor reads previously uploaded bridge descriptors and produces sanitized versions of them.
Metrics, Onionoo, ExoneraTor, and other applications download descriptors from CollecTor and use them locally.
As of a few weeks ago we're storing and serving descriptors even if metrics-lib cannot parse them. The idea is that CollecTor shouldn't decide what goes into the archive, but the directory authorities (or TorDNSEL and Torperf) should. As long as we can detect the descriptor type, extract the publication date, and possibly calculate the digest, we can accept a descriptor.
The requirements are pretty much the same as for 1.
We need to be very picky about bridge descriptors, in particular about unknown parts, because those might contain sensitive information that we'd rather not copy over to sanitized bridge descriptors.
Most applications would want to skip bad descriptors and not bother much about it. As of a few days ago, they all use

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.521938
Retrieved Text: The Siege of Cawnpore began on June 5, 1857 and continued for 20 bloody days. This Indian rebellion was led by forces under Nana Sahib. The British troops who were stationed in India during this uprising were unprepared for an extended siege and surrendered to Sahib. In return, they were promised safe passage to Allahabad.
Unfortunately, evacuation from Cawnpore (now known as Kanpur) did not go well. The tense circumstances caused things to boil over, and a massacre ensued. The treatment of non-military personnel during this skirmish was especially barbaric. During what became known as the Bibighar Massacre, over 120 British women and children were captured and hacked to death. British troops, eventually restoring some semblance of order to the area, were severely traumatized by these events, and many of them vowed revenge.
"Anne Perry’s Christmas mysteries have been a welcome addition to pre-holiday reading lists for many years.... [T]he spirit of the holiday season is well represented, and the symbolism of the Christmas garland within this tale is both heartwarming and touching."
It is in the wake of these very real and incredibly sobering events that Anne Perry has set the stage for her 10th Christmas mystery. A British medical assistant named John Tallis has been apprehended and charged with the brutal slaying of a Sikh by the name of Chuttur Singh. Chuttur was loyal to the British cause, but the recent events during the siege may have left a bad taste in the mouths of many of the shell-shocked British soldiers, and no one questions why this

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.500172
Retrieved Text: Ubisoft Forums > Rainbow Six: Siege > Technical Issues > PC > Grainy graphic noise ingame, similar like when you operate a drone.
View Full Version : Grainy graphic noise ingame, similar like when you operate a drone.
On my old monitor it wasnt apparent but on my new monitor the screen is big and clear and I can see a faint grainy effect like when you drive a drone.Not as bad as when you drive a drone,its a lot fainter but it is similar.
I saw old threads in the forums that they ask Ubi to make an option so you can remove the "grainy filter" but Im sure that its not the case. Even if there was a "grainy filter" ingame its a bug for sure to be that apparent. So I guess it has to do with certain rigs/graphic cards etc.
Has anyone have more information about this?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.392208
Retrieved Text: People of Paris, Meaux, Chessy, Melun, Dammarie-les-Lys, Provins, Coulommiers or Nemours, Montereau-sur-Yvonne, are you tired of traffic jams every day on your way to and from work? Take the wheel is it tiring? Facing the bad mood and bad weather, honked and other annoyances that can easily mount your stress and lower your mood and your productivity and your efficiency at work? Discover Van Baby seat Taxi 77, a transport service that holds the solution to your worries.
Van Baby seat Taxi 77 has put in place its private passenger transport service for individuals and business in operation so that you avoid all these inconveniences. Your driver picks you up in the right place, at the hour and takes you where you want it without question. Sit back and enjoy a quality travel from only € 15!
Van Siege baby 77 Taxi, your new partner for all your transport in the Seine-et-Marne and the area is available. Climb aboard one of our Van Siege bebe 77 vehicles Taxi, try yourself onboard comfort for a price from only five euros. Our Van Siege baby Taxi 77 have eight seats and fifteen sites for your luggage. Sit back and enjoy the comfort on board.
Each of our Van Siege Taxi drivers bebe 77 Seine et Marne undergo training dedicated to improving their skills to the maximum. On boarding, you will quickly realize this in just a few minutes driving.
Welcome aboard Van Siege baby 77 Taxi!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.240883
Retrieved Text: On March 15, 1758, Frederick II moved out of Breslau (present-day Wrocław) in Silesia and established his headquarters at Kloster-Grüssau (present-day Krzeszów) near Landeshut (present-day Kamienna Góra). Before initiating the new campaign, he had to eliminate the thorn in his side represented by Schweidnitz (present-day Swidnica), isolated but in the hands of the Austrians. Frederick then immediately gave the order to start the siege of Schweidnitz which he entrusted to Lieutenant-General von Tresckow.
On March 16, Frederick left Kloster-Grüssau. The corps left under the command of Tresckow for the siege of Schweidnitz consisted of 18 weak bns and 35 sqns, a force of approx. 6,000 foot and 4,000 horse, for a total of 10,000 men. They were supported by a train of siege artillery of 102 pieces (see the section “Order of battle” for details).
On March 22, Tresckow arrived at his headquarters at Würben (present-day Wierzbna) to supervise the siege of Schweidnitz.
Tresckow’s artillery park was established at Säbischdorf (present-day Zawiszów); the depot of his pioneers, at Zülzendorf (present-day Sulislavice). Tresckow was constantly ill during the siege but he nevertheless continued to assume command, well seconded by Colonel-Ingenieur von Balbi.
The Austrian garrison counted some 8,000 men under the command of Count Thürheim. The Austrians were already greatly tried by the blockade of Schweidnitz during the last three months of the winter.
On April 1 at 8:00 p.m., under a torrential rain, 1,600 Prussian foot, 150 miners and 400 peasants advanced from Säbischdorf to work at the 1,000 paces long first parallel within 500 paces in front of the glacis

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.23097
Retrieved Text: COLUMBUS, Ohio — Kenny Lawson loved being a garbage collector.
The Germantown, Ohio, resident enjoyed working outdoors alongside his family, throwing his “solid as a horse” frame into physical labour that made people’s lives better. One customer left a cooler near the curb on hot days filled with cold pop.
In what Biderman has called “an extraordinarily bad start” to 2018, seven sanitation workers were killed in the U.S. in just the first 10 days of the year.
Cody Nehiba, a doctoral candidate in economics at the University of California-Irvine, studied state laws requiring motorists to clear bicyclists by at least 3 feet (0.91 metres) and found no significant effect on the number of cyclist fatalities.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.17905
Retrieved Text: The maintenance of dust collector is important in the production line_Zeolite roller mill,Raymond roller mill,Three-ring roller mill,Roller powder grinding mill,Calcium carbonate roller mill-Clirik.
Summary：Nowadays, many large-scale manufacturers pay more attention to environmental protection in the production process, and the production mode of environmental protection and energy saving is more and more popularized.
Nowadays, many large-scale manufacturers pay more attention to environmental protection in the production process, and the production mode of environmental protection and energy saving is more and more popularized. Especially in the high-pressure Raymond mill industry, Because the objects of processing are usually non-metallic ore materials, dust pollution is unavoidable in the process of processing, which requires users to equip a dust removal device to reduce pollution when choosing a Raymond mill equipment.
Dust collector is an important dust removal device in the production process of high-pressure Raymond mill. Dust collector itself should also do a good job of dust removal and maintenance, so that the dust removal effect will be better. So how to do a good job of dust removal and maintenance of the dust collector?
First of all, it is necessary to check the opening and closing of the internal air circuit of the dust collector and control the cleaning air. Check the blockage degree of filter bags and find mild blockage. Pull out dryness in time, pat and clear the blockage, ensure normal ventilation capacity, and avoid adverse consequences caused by blockage. In addition, it can be equipped with Raymond mill which sprays water inside the mill to ensure good atomization, but it can

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.075382
Retrieved Text: The best part of waking up is Flyff in your cup. Or something.
Gala-net's MMOG Flyff just announced that the open beta for the newest version of their game, Version 11, has begun.
Flyff Version 11, "The Awakening", revisits many elements from previous versions of Flyff in addition to implementing a wealth of exciting new content. Some elements from Flyff's past that veteran players will quickly remember and gravitate towards are the reinstatement of the PVP System and Guild Siege. Players can finally determine who is truly the best of the best. Some of the content new to V11 includes the Collector System, Item Awakening, a new continent, and many subtle and obvious modifications to the world of Madrigal. The new collecting system will attract both players with collector mentalities and those that love treasure hunting. Item Awakening, another new feature to V11, provides players a means to awaken the dormant potential of an item; allowing for a diverse array of armor and weaponry to enter the game. The new continent, Azria, is accessible by way of a special pass. It is home to several new creatures, level 70 and up, and provides the player a bonus to experience points gained.
Learn more about Flyff and download the beta client at the official site.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.022629
Retrieved Text: Courtesy of D' Bone Collector Museum Inc.
"I was not prepared for the amount of plastic," Darrell Blatchley, president and founder of theD' Bone Collector Museum in Davao City, told NBC News in a statement.
The male Cuvier beaked whale died from ingesting plastic waste.Courtesy of D\' Bone Collector Museum Inc.
"It was so bad [that] the plastic was beginning calcification," Blatchley said of the process in which calcium builds up in the body and causes tissue to harden.
While examining the whale during a necropsy, Blatchley said, the animal appeared to have died from emaciation and dehydration — with the plastic hindering its ability to eat or drink. The whale had also been vomiting blood before it died, he added.
Images of the whale have gone viral worldwide, as more and more people are calling for bans on single-use plastic, often focusing on the effects of plastic on the ocean.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.020008
Retrieved Text: Mass Effect 3 had only one job to do — finish the story. It could've kept the film-grain noir atmosphere from Mass Effect 2, as it would have cast a perfect shadow on how bleak the galaxy was at the onset of the Reaper invasion. It could've re-instituted the mystery and intrigue that were so prevalent in Mass Effect 1, as you searched for clues as to how the denizens of the galaxy could, ultimately, defeat the Reapers, since a toe-to-toe engagement would utterly decimate the galactic fleets. Instead, Mass Effect 3 will, most assuredly, be forever remembered as the game that ultimately ruined what could have been the greatest video game trilogy, by destroying the very foundation the Mass Effect series stood on: Choice, dialogue, and quests.
And, to be frank, Mass Effect 3 committed the ultimate transgression in gaming — It damn-near made Mass Effect 1 and 2 meaningless.
Mass Effect 2 was a noir-themed gem that is still one of the best Sci-Fi RPG's available. You, Commander Shepard, with the aid of the reviled Cerberus, had to build a team that was capable enough to stop the Collectors from kidnapping humans, and destroy them at their source — and live. You bonded, created relationships, and battled with your fellow team members. They could have, all of them, survived, or died, depending on their loyalty, which was easy enough to gain. It was, in essence, The Dirty Dozen — The Video Game, and this title was based more around your team than anything else. Defeating the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.900738
Retrieved Text: Under pressure from the SP, the European Parliament's informal legal advice on the soon to be established internatioal Investment Court System (ICS) is to be made public. Publication of the relevant documents will make possible an open social debate over the proposals, leaving the way open to an official opinion from the European Court of Justice (ECJ).
Minister of Foreign Affairs Bert Koenders warned early this week that a catastrophe of enormous proportions was threatening in Aleppo. Syria’s President Assad has the town surrounded, and 300,000 people are stuck there. Death through starvation is an immediate threat, and shortages of medicines have already cost lives. Diplomatic pressure on Assad to lift the siege and permit humanitarian aid is of course needed, but the chance of this working is small. Emergency aid from the air could be the only possible solution.
What many in the offices in Brussels had not believed possible has nevertheless occurred: the British voted against continued membership of the European Union. The system must be transformed root-and-branch, a fact which has already been proved by the haughty nature of the reactions. Now the dust-clouds surrounding the referendum have cleared, ‘Brussels’ is showing its true face.
Last Friday the Turkish army attempted to effect a coup d’état to bring about the fall of the government. The coup failed, but the consequences for the country are huge. President Erdogan reacted with mass arrests, and with the suspension and sacking of tens of thousands of judges, civil servants, academics and others. Opposition news sites have been blocked and journalists’

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.792427
Retrieved Text: BTC’s Take: Stowits, a lieutenant for most of the Bermuda Hundred Campaign and the Siege of Petersburg, is a pretty good writer. This regimental history was written only 5 years or so after the end of the war, so the memories were fresh in the author’s mind and in the minds of those who contributed to this book. The 100th New York was involved in the Bermuda Hundred Campaign and Siege of Petersburg, never fighting in what would be termed “famous” battles, but doing hard fighting nevertheless. The book is a good source for the regiment’s activities in 1864-65, and Stowits is especially thorough in documenting promotions as well as who led his regiment and brigade at any given time. A full roster graces the back of the book. History of the One Hundredth Regiment of New York State Volunteers is one of the better regimental histories I’ve read from this time period.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.754936
Retrieved Text: When the Portuguese occupied the Kingdom of Cochin, they allegedly discriminated against its Jews. Nevertheless, to some extent they shared language and culture, so ever more Jews came to live under Portuguese rule (actually under the Spanish crown, again, between 1580 and 1640).
The Paradesi Jews, also called “White Jews”, settled in the Cochin region in the 16th century and later, following the expulsion from Iberia due to forced conversion and religious persecution in Spain and then Portugal.
Some went beyond that territory, including a few families who followed the Arab spice routes to southern India. Speaking Ladino language and having Sephardic customs, they found the Malabari Jewish community as established in Cochin to be quite different. According to the historian Mandelbaum, there were resulting tensions between the two ethnic communities. The European Jews had some trade links to Europe and useful languages to conduct international trade, i.e. Arabic, Portuguese and Spanish, later on maybe Dutch. These attributes helped their position both financially and politically.
When the Portuguese occupied the Kingdom of Cochin, they allegedly discriminated against its Jews. Nevertheless, to some extent they shared language and culture, so ever more Jews came to live under Portuguese rule (actually under the Spanish crown, again, between 1580 and 1640). The Protestant Dutch killed the raja of Cochin, allied of the Portuguese, plus sixteen hundred Indians in 1662, during their siege of Cochin. The Jews, having supported the Dutch military attempt, suffered the murderous retaliation of both Portuguese and Malabar population. A year later, the second Dutch siege was successful and,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.749868
Retrieved Text: How did the inhabitants of Sarajevo survive a 3 1/2-year siege from 1992 to 1996? Specifically, how did they deal with water, food, and heating?
Background: In 2018, Sweden sent out a leaflet "If Crises or War Comes" informing the population on how to prepare for such situations, focusing on water, food, heating, and communication. I cannot find the original source, but someone knowledgeable in the matter told me that a government report claimed that the average Swede is self-sufficient for less than one week. My random sampling among friends and neighbors suggests that this number makes sense. I recently saw the BBC documentary "Death of Yugoslavia" and, comparing the self-sufficiency of the average Swede with the duration of Sarajevo's siege, I can't help wonder.
From the BBC documentary, I understood that the city had no electricity, no gas, and had all roads cut off. No electricity likely means that the water pumps were off-line. Did people take water from nearly rivers? What about in winter?
Roads cut off likely means that supermarkets were empty. How did they get food when today's cities are so reliant on transportation? I am tempted to think it is impractical to store enough food for so many people for such a long time.
No gas likely means no heating. How did people survive the winters?
Apology: I'm sorry if this question comes too early. I understand that the events in this question are very recent and many still suffer the consequences. A weird mixture of admiration, respect, sadness, and grief crosses me while typing these

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.714617
Retrieved Text: Victoria Cross Made From Canonball Captured In Sevastopol?
The traditional explanation of the source of the gunmetal from which the Victoria Cross medals are struck is that it derives from Russian cannon captured at the siege of Sevastopol.
'VC Heroes' (The Great War) 1st Series is a complete set of Cigarette Cards originally issued in 1915. These coloured portrait images depict Victoria Cross Winners from each of the armed services and includes Raj Warneford of the Royal Naval Air Service who brought down a Zeppelin near the Belgian town of Ghent.
For the enthusiast or the collector here is an opportunity to own a complete set of these fine reproduction cigarette cards that can be mounted in an album or framed to decorate a study wall. They also make an ideal gift.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.675024
Retrieved Text: The UltraSol eco is the economic version to the UltraSol collector as it offers the solar safety glass with the standard surface instead of the antireflective coating. Nevertheless the Hoval UltraSol eco solar collector offers a flexible solution, as it can be installed both horizontally and vertically. Its low construction height, plus the option of an extra-slim diecast aluminium frame, combine to form a remarkably sleek yet discreet look.
The UltraSol eco collector is subject to annual minimum yield requirements of 525 kWh/m2, and offers even more good news in this respect: not only does it easily meet the criteria, it even has been granted Solar Keymark certification which is required in order to claim government renewable heat incentives.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.669083
Retrieved Text: Refusing the Old Testament, the authority of the Pope and the Catholic church, Catharism was a dissident religion that stirred up south-western France until the mid-18th century. Siege warfare and battles of nerves took place in Toulouse and the Pyrénées. Compared to the Cathar saga, Game of Thrones is a light comedy! Get up to speed in 5 minutes.
Some people go touring the vineyards, but if it’s the Cathar castles for you. Good choice! Whether as the starting point or final destination, Carcassonne is a must, as are its Five Sons, as well as the chateaus of Lastours. Still not satisfied? Head on to Fontfroide Abbey, Saint-Hilaire, or Foix chateau.
Aguilar, Peyrepertuse, Puilaurens, Queribus and Termes: Carcassonne could count on its Five Sons to protect it. As siege warfare raged, their five colossal fortresses stood facing the enemy. This impenetrable front line was enough to calm the aspirations of the Kingdom of Aragon.
4 castles for the price of 1!
In Cathar country, Carcassonne and its battlements are a must-see. But do you know the legend of Lady Carcas? It is said that when she alone stood in charge of a city that had been besieged for 5 years by the forces of Charlemagne, she asked for an inventory of the food stocks. A suckling pig and a bag of wheat: that’s all she got. In one final bluff, she ordered the animal to be stuffed before hurling it from the highest tower. The subterfuge had its intended effect! Charlemagne, seeing the precious grain in the guts of the

================



======= Instance Index 55 =========
Input Text: Given that The lunch trade had mostly disappeared so he wasn't hard to spot. He was at a window table but he was ignoring the river, being deep in conversation with a middle-aged man wearing a suit and a short sheepskin car coat with matching brown suede shoes. Even from this distance you could guess the guy's tailor was based in Dublin. Therefore, it must be true that "the guy's tailor was based in Dublin"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.658815
Retrieved Text: We at DLS Partners are a dedicated team of tax professionals providing a full range of tax and accounting services to both businesses and individuals.
Based in Dublin 2, Ireland, we believe in taking time to understand our client’s needs and concerns and we feel that our success has stemmed from the level of loyalty, trust & commitment we provide to our clients.
Our client base includes a wide variety of clients, ranging from individuals and partnerships to family owned and entrepreneurial businesses.
We have developed a unique understanding of business and industry requirements which allows us to tailor our services to meet our client’s needs and provide value-added advice.
Job satisfaction at DLS Partners is all about quality & extending cost effective tax and accounting solutions to our clients.
DLS Partners was founded in 2007. With over 25 years individual experience, DLS Partners offer superior accountancy and tax planning advice.
Our practice is located in Merrion Square, Dublin 2, and our clients come from a diverse range of business areas.
We guarantee to provide a professional but personalised service to all our clients.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.550198
Retrieved Text: Dr Coughlan qualified Batchelor of Dental Surgery with First Class Honours from the Dental School at University College Cork. After studying at Guy's Hospital Dental School in London, he was awarded a Masters Degree in Dental Conservation by The University of London. He was elected to the Diploma in General Dental Practice with the Royal College of Surgeons of England. He is a winner of The O'Neill Gold Medal in Restorative Dentistry. He is an avid participant in continuing education in Ireland, United Kingdom, United States, Germany and Italy. He was a member of the teaching staff at Guy's Hospital Dental School for six years before returning to practice in Co. Meath. He is the author of several publications on topics such as Restorative Dentistry, Dental Anatomy and Forensic Dentistry. He is a member of The Irish Dental Association, The Irish Endodontic Society, The British Society of Prosthodontics. He founded the practice in Kells in 2002 and drew together a group of colleagues with various specialist interests so that patients can access an outstanding level of care in a single practice. Dr Coughlan cares for patients needing Preventive, Restorative and Implant Dentistry.
Rebecca graduated with honours from Trinity College in 2014. While in Trinity she was awarded an Entrance Exhibition Scholarship, won a GlaxoSmithKline Prize allowing her to carry our research in microbiology for a summer and won the IDA metro award for Public Dental Health research. She was listed on the Trinity Roll of Honour for volunteering as a leader in Irish Girl Guides.
In 2015 she

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.59859
Retrieved Text: Toni & Guy UK Training Ltd, have been delivering Hairdressing Apprenticeships Nationally to the two hundred Toni & Guy Salons since 2008. Toni & Guy is globally recognised as a Super brand in the hairdressing education field.
Our team of managers and assessors are hairdressing industry experts, offering bespoke practical and theory training, tailor made to incorporate Toni & Guy's 'in house' training, thus creating highly skilled industry ready apprentices.
The National Director of Apprenticeships sits on the Apprenticeship Ambassadors Network and is also part of the steering group in developing the new Hairdressing Apprenticeships.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.294743
Retrieved Text: Back in the day when Canada’s immigration policy was reflected in the phrase, “none is too many,” thousands of Jews languished in displaced persons (DP) camps throughout Europe.
For Max Enkin, it was an intolerable situation. As a businessman living in post-war Toronto, he was determined to bring Jewish refugees to Canada.
At the time, Canada faced a shortage of labour in a variety of fields. A policy had been implemented to attract loggers to the country, and the Canadian Jewish Congress had used its influence to include Jewish displaced persons in the mix. Why not do the same for tailors, Enkin reasoned, setting in motion what would become known as the Tailor Project.
Beginning in 1948 and lasting for several years, the Tailor Project managed to bring 2,000 labourers into the country, to work in the rapidly growing needle trades. Half of them were Jews who were plucked from European DP camps.
Most settled in Montreal, Toronto and Winnipeg, and even though a good number weren’t really tailors – all they had to do was sew a button to be accepted – they began new lives in their new homes.
Now, Larry Enkin, Max Enkin’s son, wants to find out what happened to those immigrant tailors.
With the assistance of Paul Klein – the founder and CEO of Impakt, an agency that helps companies benefit from social change – Enkin has begun a search to find the remaining tailors, along with their children and grandchildren. In January, he visited the Alex Dworkin Canadian Jewish Archives in Montreal and identified many of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.162266
Retrieved Text: Your credit history is not a factor in the car title loans approval process. If you have all of the items required for car title loans when you come into our dublin office, the whole process will go a lot faster. If you own a vehicle that is paid off, we can give you speedy car title loans based on the wholesale value of your car. We are very honest regarding charges and fees for car title loans, so you know exactly what you’re getting into when you apply for car title loans here in dublin. Your monthly income is only one of several factors that we look at if you apply for short term car title loans.
Your credit will not be affected by applying for immediate car title loans since we don’t run credit checks on our customers. The title is returned to the owner after paying back the full amount due on the easy car title loans. We will actually tailor car title loans to meet your needs. You may very well qualify for car title loans from the dublin office if you are currently registered with a title in your name and your automobile is free of major body damage. Bankruptcy and other forms of bad credit will not automatically disqualify you for a fast car title loans, we take many other factors into account.
To be approved for car title loans in dublin you must be at least 18 years old and a car with no liens. car title loans enables you to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.145695
Retrieved Text: It’s Monday afternoon, and i’m sitting in a little chalet up a mountain in Switzerland, in a beautiful town, Château-d’Oex, close to Montreux. I’ve now spent nearly 2 months in Europe, touring the new single ‘Winters’ Fall’ and showcasing a lot of the new tracks which will be off the upcoming 2nd album. I wanted to try them out, see what response we got.
1/ We’ve spent more time in each place so that we could increase our publicity and presence, and develop relationships with various bookers, venues, and publicity.
2/ Instead of bringing a full band, I’ve performed the tour completely solo – with live looping, foley art, harmonized vocals, and a playful edge to the overall sound. Our fans have been able to see the songs created on the spot, as if magically appear, settling into and become immersed within the Tailor Birds sound. This has also allowed us to bring in guest artists to perform literally on the spot…..including Dutch act, the Bucket Boyz, UK based electric violinist, Roberto Savaggio, and lithuanian bubble blower, Rytis Urbakavicius, amongst others.
Holland – 2 festivals – Taribush Kuna and Landjuweel, plus some smaller shows, plus recording of the 2nd Tailor Birds album!!
Ireland – a run of 5 shows in Kenmare, Limerick, and Dublin, plus various promotional busking slots in Cork, Killarney, Dingle, Tralee, and Dublin – with the wonderful Irish spirit, it’s been an honour to tour this wonderful country.
We’ve also been through London, UK on the way to Switzerland. And with a couple shows in Switzerland, before we

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.047808
Retrieved Text: We are a four partner firm of Chartered Accountants based on Grafton Street in Dublin 2 with a workforce of over twenty people.
We are a long-standing practice and are proud to be able to trace our roots back to 1897 over four generations. This pedigree has enabled us to build an excellent reputation in the Irish business community and to establish a wide range of services across the business spectrum for all sizes of personal and corporate clients.
Unlike many web-sites in the audit and accountancy field, we have not set out a long list of our services, but instead, offer an initial consultation where we meet you on a no fee basis and tailor the presentation of our services to your needs based on an understanding of your business.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.848848
Retrieved Text: Geranium-Flowers - Best flower delivery service in Dublin.
Based in Ireland, Geranium Care has a long history in the floral delivery service and we wouldn’t be around for so long if we didn’t make it our mission to cater to your floral needs. Whether you need us to help you with weddings, parties, or any kind of celebration, we are here to provide you with highest quality service. Our employees are some of the best florists Dublin can offer.
Geranium Care is based in Dublin and we guarantee exceptionally fast flower delivery in and around Dublin region. Our company covers the territory of the whole Ireland, and we guarantee that your flowers will be delivered at the desired destination within 24 hours of your order. Whether you need flowers for your own or someone else’s wedding or any other occasion, we got you covered. You can choose from our wide array of bouquets, floral arrangements, and tributes, and if you make a request during morning hours, your order will be delivered on the same day ( Dublin only for same day deliveries). We don’t use other delivery companies to do our logistics, so you can count on us. Your satisfaction is our priority and our florists are always here to provide assistance if necessary.
Most requested floral arrangements in Dublin are wedding arrangements, and if we take Ireland as a whole, some of the other most common requests include flowers for anniversaries, birthdays, “I love you” gifts, and of course baby shower decorations.
Our most sought after arrangements are wedding

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.452145
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing flyer design for clients based in Ballaghnatrillick, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your flyer design whether you are in Ballaghnatrillick or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless flyer designs for clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your flyer design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your flyer design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created many flyer designs for our customers in Ballaghnatrillick and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning flyer designs whether you are based in Ballaghnatrillick, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your flyer design requirements.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.433552
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing flyer design for clients based in Belcarra, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your flyer design whether you are in Belcarra or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless flyer designs for clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your flyer design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your flyer design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created many flyer designs for our customers in Belcarra and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning flyer designs whether you are based in Belcarra , Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your flyer design requirements.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.405731
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing flyer design for clients based in Carnmore, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your flyer design whether you are in Carnmore or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless flyer designs for clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your flyer design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your flyer design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created many flyer designs for our customers in Carnmore and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning flyer designs whether you are based in Carnmore, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your flyer design requirements.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.398632
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing flyer design for clients based in Roundstone, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your flyer design whether you are in Roundstone or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless flyer designs for clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your flyer design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your flyer design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created many flyer designs for our customers in Roundstone and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning flyer designs whether you are based in Roundstone, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your flyer design requirements.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.376074
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing flyer design for clients based in Cortober, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your flyer design whether you are in Cortober or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless flyer designs for clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your flyer design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your flyer design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created many flyer designs for our customers in Cortober and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning flyer designs whether you are based in Cortober, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your flyer design requirements.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.373566
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing flyer design for clients based in Oughterard, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your flyer design whether you are in Oughterard or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless flyer designs for clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your flyer design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your flyer design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created many flyer designs for our customers in Oughterard and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning flyer designs whether you are based in Oughterard, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your flyer design requirements.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.366861
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing flyer design for clients based in Castlebar, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your flyer design whether you are in Castlebar or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless flyer designs for clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your flyer design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your flyer design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created many flyer designs for our customers in Castlebar and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning flyer designs whether you are based in Castlebar, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your flyer design requirements.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.353573
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing flyer design for clients based in Creggs, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your flyer design whether you are in Creggs or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless flyer designs for clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your flyer design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your flyer design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created many flyer designs for our customers in Creggs and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning flyer designs whether you are based in Creggs, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your flyer design requirements.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.290241
Retrieved Text: Want to see the magical night-time spectacular that is Wild Lights at Dublin Zoo? We have a family pass up for grabs on our Instagram.
Dive into an Ocean of Light with a new cast of giant silk lanterns, inspired by the wonders of the life aquatic. From giant squid to hammerhead sharks, colossal blue whales and dainty seahorses, Dublin Zoo has been transformed into a sea of illumination with tailor-made lanterns.
Follow @98FMDUBLIN on Instagram and comment under the below post and you could be heading along.
Tune into 98FM for more chances to win tickets.
You can find out more about Wild Lights at Dublin Zoo here.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.18834
Retrieved Text: Critical appraisal knowledge and skills are tested in the Intercollegiate Specialty Fellowship Examination (ISFE) for dental professionals. The critical analysis section consists of a written examination lasting 2 hours. Candidates are given reference material consisting of extracts from published research and other scientific publications, and sets of questions to which written answers are required. Many dental professionals attend our critical appraisal courses and workshops but we also run custom courses for the ISFE. We've just delivered a bespoke critical appraisal workshop lasting two days for a group of restorative dentists at Guy's Hospital, London. As well as going through the material common to all healthcare professionals, the workshop included appraising real dental research papers. Bespoke courses are tailor-made to your exact requirements and offer excellent value for money for groups of professionals. Contact us today to organise your own special event!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.07548
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing brochure design for clients based in Athenry, Co. Galway, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your brochure design whether you are in Athenry in Co, Galway or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless Brochure designs for Clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your Brochure design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your brochure design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created brochure design for our customers in Athenry and Galway and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning brochure whether you are based in Galway, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your brochure design requirements.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.034088
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing package design for clients based in Ballymote, Co. Sligo, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your packaging design whether you are in Ballymote in Co. Sligo or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless Package designs for Clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your packaging design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your packaging design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created package design for our customers in Ballymote and Sligo and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning packaging whether you are based in Mayo, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your packaging design requirements.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.034088
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing brochure design for clients based in Knockvicar, Co. Roscommon, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your brochure design whether you are in Knockvicar in Co, Roscommon or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless Brochure designs for Clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your Brochure design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your brochure design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created brochure design for our customers in Knockvicar and Roscommon and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning brochure whether you are based in Roscommon, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your brochure design requirements.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.02183
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing package design for clients based in Cliffoney, Co. Sligo, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your packaging design whether you are in Cliffoney in Co. Sligo or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless Package designs for Clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your packaging design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your packaging design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created package design for our customers in Cliffoney and Sligo and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning packaging whether you are based in Mayo, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your packaging design requirements.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.02183
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing package design for clients based in Bellanagare, Co. Roscommon, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your packaging design whether you are in Bellanagare in Co. Roscommon or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless Package designs for Clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your packaging design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your packaging design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created package design for our customers in Bellanagare and Roscommon and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning packaging whether you are based in Mayo, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your packaging design requirements.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.016125
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing package design for clients based in Carracastle, Co. Mayo, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your packaging design whether you are in Carracastle in Co. Mayo or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless Package designs for Clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your packaging design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your packaging design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created package design for our customers in Carracastle and Mayo and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning packaging whether you are based in Mayo, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your packaging design requirements.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.016125
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing package design for clients based in Creggs, Co. Galway, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your packaging design whether you are in Creggs in Co. Galway or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless Package designs for Clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your packaging design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your packaging design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created package design for our customers in Creggs and Galway and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning packaging whether you are based in Mayo, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your packaging design requirements.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.016125
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing package design for clients based in Williamstown, Co. Galway, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your packaging design whether you are in Williamstown in Co. Galway or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless Package designs for Clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your packaging design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your packaging design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created package design for our customers in Williamstown and Galway and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning packaging whether you are based in Mayo, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your packaging design requirements.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.996225
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing brochure design for clients based in Balla, Co. Mayo, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your brochure design whether you are in Balla in Co, Mayo or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless Brochure designs for Clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your Brochure design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your brochure design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created brochure design for our customers in Balla and Mayo and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning brochure whether you are based in Mayo, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your brochure design requirements.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.996225
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing package design for clients based in Carraroe, Co. Galway, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your packaging design whether you are in Carraroe in Co. Galway or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless Package designs for Clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your packaging design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your packaging design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created package design for our customers in Carraroe and Galway and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning packaging whether you are based in Mayo, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your packaging design requirements.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.976345
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing package design for clients based in Tuar Mhic Eadaigh, Co. Mayo, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your packaging design whether you are in Tuar Mhic Eadaigh in Co. Mayo or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless Package designs for Clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your packaging design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your packaging design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created package design for our customers in Tuar Mhic Eadaigh and Mayo and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning packaging whether you are based in Mayo, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your packaging design requirements.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.974009
Retrieved Text: Designwest have created amazing package design for clients based in Killala, Co. Mayo, Ireland. Our experienced creative team have over thirty years of combined experience which means that we really do have what it takes – and more – to create your packaging design whether you are in Killala in Co. Mayo or Manhattan in New York! Since 2005 we have created countless Package designs for Clients all over Ireland and beyond. The team at Designwest can take your packaging design from its infancy right through to the final printed design. When creating your packaging design we will ensure that it is tailor created just for you and will appeal and resonate with your target audience. We have created package design for our customers in Killala and Mayo and well beyond. Our graphic designers will help you create visually stunning packaging whether you are based in Mayo, Dublin or even New York! Call us now on 094 9382000 for a quote or email info@designwest.ie for any of your packaging design requirements.

================



======= Instance Index 17 =========
Input Text: Given that A: Really. If they were to take half of what they spend on that and put it on some economic, you know, intergovernmental or inter United States like programs that one really might. B: Yeah. A: I believe in paying my share, and I don't mind, uh, paying for some of these fringe benefits that people are entitled to. But I just sometimes feel like I'm being used. But, uh, again I don't think we'll be able to do anything about it, Therefore, it must be true that "they'll be able to do anything about it"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.112257
Retrieved Text: Holidays nowadays will be more than simply the opportunity to visit the beach. A growing number of individuals are heading far away in order to see new locations plus experience new things. In case somebody wants to check out Georgia, they'll wish to make certain they look into the georgia tourism guide right away so they can see what there is to do and also so that they might get started preparing for almost everything they're going to wish to do or see while they are on vacation.
Although an individual will not be required to have each detail prepared before they head on vacation, it's a good option to find out far more concerning what there is to do so they're able to make certain they at the least can fit in nearly anything they'll truly want to do. They'll desire to have a look at far more facts about the points of interest in Georgia such as Old Batumi or perhaps one of the cathedrals in order to make sure they could discover the very best attractions for the local location when they're there. Any time they will go ahead and plan beforehand, a person could make sure they could find a lot to do during the getaway thus they're certain to have a terrific time when they're there.
If perhaps you might be thinking about going on a trip to Georgia, it may be a smart idea to start organizing your holiday right now. If perhaps you would like to find out much more concerning

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.506489
Retrieved Text: Those who enjoy doing their particular hair will wish to ensure they will find the proper merchandise to be able to make certain it looks great. Yet, this is not always effortless and it could be costly for them to be able to test out all of the products on their own until they will locate the proper one. If perhaps someone is thinking about purchasing a paul mitchell straightener, they're going to wish to make certain it's truly the best choice for them.
An individual who is seeking the right straightener will almost certainly wish to look at reviews before they'll buy anything. This offers them the chance to check and ensure the one they'll buy is really going to work well. A person can check out consumer product reviews, however these will not provide them with an excessive amount of information. They'll be able to observe exactly how well-known the product is as well as whether folks prefer it. They'll wish to ensure they'll take a look at expert critical reviews too. This is very important as these product reviews go in depth about the item and inform them of if it's really going to work and also just what the benefits of that item are above another.
If perhaps you are needing a whole new straightener, save some time and money by looking into the expert review for the paul mitchell neuro smooth 1.25 flat iron. Take the time to find out much more regarding precisely what makes this a terrific choice and also to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.172953
Retrieved Text: a beautiful, reassuring book for siblings of children with Down syndrome that's sure to become a family favourite.
As six-year-old Emma anticipates the birth of her new baby brother or sister, she vividly imagines all of the things they can do together. They'll go to Grandpa's farm to feed the calves, ride in the back of the mini-van making faces at the cars that go by, fly on airplanes, and someday, they'll even go to Africa on a safari to see elephants and rhinos. And she can't wait to go to the art festival and show the baby how to paint a picture with a rubber octopus. Emma feels ready to be a big sister!
Then when the baby is born, her dad tells her that it's a boy named Isaac, and he has something called Down syndrome. As her dad shares this news, Emma senses his concern and wonders if Isaac will be able to go on all those adventures after all. While they talk, they come to the conclusion that he will certainly be able to do everything she's imagined. Finally she asks, "If Isaac has this Down thing, then what can't he do?" Her dad thinks about it, then tells her that as long as they are patient with him, and help him when he needs it, there probably isn't anything Isaac can't do.
In this touching story, Emma helps her father as much as he helps her to realize that Isaac is the baby they dreamed of. The book concludes with a set of commonly

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.772432
Retrieved Text: Don't ignore the letter inviting you to the interview - if you deal with the situation straight away you have more chance of getting a better outcome.
It's important to try and get a solicitor to support you while you're being investigated - they'll help you explain your situation and advise on what actions you need to take.
The best place to start is your nearest Citizens Advice - they'll help you find a suitable and affordable solicitor.
If you want to find a solicitor on your own, find out how to choose one and check if you can get help with costs. They need to be able to help with criminal law.
If you can't see Citizens Advice or a solicitor before your interview under caution, ask to change the date of your interview. Call the number on the letter inviting you to the interview and explain you're waiting to get advice first.
It's a good idea to check what will happen on GOV.UK and write down any questions you have.
If you're struggling financially because your benefit isn't being paid, you can get help from your nearest Citizens Advice even if they aren't already supporting you with your case. For example, they might be able to help you carry on getting your benefit for a while or tell you about local food banks.
Although you've shown you're not guilty, you'll still need to argue that you were entitled to everything you claimed and shouldn't pay anything back. This is called 'challenging an overpayment'.
It's a separate process from proving you didn't commit

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.581968
Retrieved Text: Individuals who are contemplating acquiring a laser machine might want to take the time in order to learn more about exactly how they operate and exactly how they are able to make use of the machine in order to engrave photographs on products. In case they understand far more about how a co2 laser engraver functions, they are able to determine whether this is actually a good solution for them and also if it'll assist them to do the things they'll want to do. It's a good suggestion to receive these details before acquiring an engraver so they're going to know just what to anticipate in case they will get one.
Using an engraver at this time is actually easier than in the past. Computer programs make it easier for a person to ensure they will create the things they'll want to produce. A person could conveniently understand exactly how to make use of the engraver and also the software before they'll even obtain an engraver to be able to be sure they'll be in a position to produce everything they desire to generate and to make sure the engraver is actually the correct one for them. Once they are sure this is most likely going to assist them to create the items they will wish to generate, an individual can effortlessly acquire the engraver as well as learn a lot more about exactly how to make use of it to be able to acquire the results they'll desire.
In case you're thinking about purchasing an engraver, don't

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.202063
Retrieved Text: What firmware are you running on your Mini? What version of Mini is it? Send these pictures and this information to the support team and they'll be able to help get you back to where you need to be. This isn't normal. Reach out before you try anything else.
Topic: Calibrate my mini 2?
Re: Calibrate my mini 2?
How long have you had your TAZ? Reach out to the Support Team with a link to this thread, and more information on the printer age and the filaments used. They'll be able to make some recommendations.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.9415
Retrieved Text: PC Matic is installed and working.
PC Magnum reinstalled. Basic window comes up, but none of the icons do anything. It is as if the product is not fully installed or is not communicating with "something".
Internet is connected. PC Matic is running. Windows 8.1 machine.
Please hit me with your suggestions. Thanks.
I've not used PC Magnum, but you can create a support ticket at pcmatic.com/support and they'll be able to address any issues you may have.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.66857
Retrieved Text: Small business proprietors need a lot more approaches to bring in customers so their particular company might grow. If perhaps they'll sell metal products, one way to do this could be to personalize the goods their consumers wish to purchase. This may be simple as well as fast to accomplish if the business proprietor buys a metal laser cutter for sale. Even so, they're going to desire to make sure they'll decide on the right machine to be able to make personalizing the goods a lot easier to do.
Many shoppers like having the ability to add their particular name onto a product they'll make use of regularly or even add someone else's name to it for a present. Having the ability to customize products could help the company owner develop new goods also, all of which can help them bring in more consumers and make more money. To do that, they'll have to have a laser cutter which will work with metal. They'll want to be sure they will choose a laser cutter which is going to have the ability to manage the size and also shape of items they'll generally sell in addition to one which is likely to work speedily to generate the merchandise for their clients. They will in addition wish to take the time in order to make sure they will learn how to put it to use properly so they will not likely make a few mistakes if they are creating the products.
If perhaps you would like to enhance your company

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.627357
Retrieved Text: Bio: Travelling could be a lot of fun, however it may be a lot more fun whenever those people who are traveling don't have to worry about their own accommodations. used rv for sale who obtain an RV could go when they desire to go and also might take their own time without needing to be concerned about looking for a resort for the evening. To be able to come across the correct RV, however, they'll need to ensure they will try to find a forest river dealer near me to allow them to discover just what they're trying to find. The RV seller they visit will likely have a selection of different models in stock for them to take a look at. They are able to have a look at the various choices and also make certain they'll decide on one which is the appropriate size and also that they can drive very easily. They could in addition research the options that exist in order to add on to the RV they'll desire to allow them to ensure it offers every little thing they might need to have. The RV dealer will be able to answer any kind of questions they could have concerning the RV and also be sure they'll know what to do any time they may be on a trip so they are ready to go on their first vacation without delay. In rockwood travel trailers would like to have the capacity to travel everywhere and not need to be worried about

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.579376
Retrieved Text: An individual who desires to acquire a motor bike may be worried about the high price of getting a brand new one. Even so, they do not have to buy a completely new one to receive a bike which will run fantastic as well as that they will like using. Rather, someone who really wants to purchase a motorcycle and also who wishes to save just as much money as possible will desire to consider the buy and sell motorcycle.
Obtaining a used motorbike can help a person save a large amount of money and permit them to make sure they'll have one they'll enjoy. They may uncover a more recent model that has been used a little bit to allow them to make certain it's going to work well for many years or even they may acquire an older one that's been fully fixed in order to make certain they do not have to be concerned about virtually any issues. Prior to obtaining a used motorcycle, it's a wise decision for them to carefully check it out and make sure it really is tested to make sure they know it can function well and they will not likely have virtually any issues. Even so, as long as they will do this, they are able to effortlessly uncover a used motor bike they'll enjoy.
If you're trying to find a motor bike and you desire to save as much money as is feasible, have a look at these Used Motorcycles for sale from a dealer. They'll completely test

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.493282
Retrieved Text: Homeowners may wish to have furniture in their own yard so they can relax plus enjoy being outside the house. There are many choices available now, so a person can need to be sure they could discover the best furniture for their property. Whenever they might be trying to find black rattan garden furniture, it will be a good suggestion for them to think about all of their possibilities meticulously so they can discover the ideal furniture swiftly.
An individual may need to take a look at their own options over the internet to allow them to acquire the ability to see everything that's accessible and receive much more info regarding anything at all they are considering. This is a fantastic idea as it permits them to be certain they'll try to find furniture that's going to be as tough as possible and also that is going to look fantastic in their garden. It really is important to discover durable furniture because they will not want to need to bring it in the house whenever it rains or perhaps worry about being forced to replace it in only a few years. Whenever the individual locates the furniture they'll desire, it will likely be very easy to purchase the furniture. This will assist them to have it delivered to their particular residence so they do not have to be concerned about precisely how to get it home from a retail store.
In case you're ready to acquire furniture for your lawn, you're going to want to be sure you

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.399212
Retrieved Text: It's been awhile since they've been able to do anything April Fool's related, since it hasn't been on a weekday since 2016. What I remember they did was, there were a bunch of what they call "deliberate bloopers." Meaning, they looked like bloopers, but they were intentional. And they've had some good April Fool's episodes over the years. I remember one year I think the models hosted the show and the hosts modeled. And I know that several times, they would at least present an April Fool's showcase. Do you think they'll do anything tomorrow?
Re: Do you think there will be anything April Fool's related?
I'd say it's likely, since as you mentioned it's the first weekday April Fool's in several years. That said I do hope they tone it down this year. Some of the "pranks" from previous years were so overblown/staged/forced that it took the humor out of most of them. The running gag with Mimi and Bob's appearance were two that felt better executed and added something without just being a gag for the sake of a gag.
Someone who attended the taping said they did indeed do something April Fools related. What it is, only the moderator who removed the full spoilers knows at the moment.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.378798
Retrieved Text: Has your child dropped the ‘F' word yet? No, not the naughty Gordon Ramsay one... The rather more contentious and difficult to deal with one - ‘fair'.
Nine year olds are often incredibly preoccupied with fairness, and unfortunately anything which they perceive to be as unfair is met with a chorus of disapproval.
Ask them to lay the table?
"I laid the table yesterday - it shouldn't always be me doing it!"
If you seem to be fighting constant battles over what is and isn't fair when it comes to household chores you might be able to save yourself some aggravation by creating a rota or chart with agreed tasks for your child.
That way they'll know what is expected of them (and hopefully at least) they'll be less rows over what's fair and what isn't. If you like you can also run a reward scheme whereby they can save up points for a treat of some sort. This might come in handy if there are extras which you'd like them to do - perhaps an extra task would mean bonus points earned!
But what about dealing with the concept of fairness more generally?
The truth is that sometimes life just isn't fair; and children need to understand that. So what should you do?
I would suggest talking to your child about various real life scenarios, and try to get them to acknowledge the difference between what's ‘fair' and what's ‘right'.
For example, if someone hits your child, they may feel that a fair response is to go right ahead and hit them back.
However, it's

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.321072
Retrieved Text: Then I'll stay away from you. What if I stay away from you?
Then you will miss me. what if you are a disabled person?
Then I wouldn't be able to walk. What if you hit your teacher's face purposely with an electric guitar?
OMJ! i might be kicked out or suspended. what if u were kicked out or suspended because u hit[ted] the teacher with an electric guitar purposely???
Then I'll make a mafia organization to hit the school officials with electric guitars: What if your mafia organization hit the school officials with electric guitars?
*Not sure why you put [ted] after hit. Hahaha Maybe you were doubting the past tense. Anyways, the past tense of hit is also the same word: hit.
Then I'll be firing smoke bombs at them. What if I fire smoke bombs at them?
then you will have a chance to run away. haha. what if u run away?
Then I'll leave them. What if you leave them?
then i will leave nd they wnt see me again. what if they dnt see me again?
Then they'll end up finding you for the rest of their lives. What if they do that?
then they are gunna waste their entire life looking for me. haha. what if they find me?
Then their life would have a purpose. What if their lives would have a purpose?
then they will live their life with a purpose what if they live their life with a purpose?
Then they'll be contented. What if they'll be contented?
then they wont ask for anything else. what if they dnt ask anything anymore?
Then

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.221392
Retrieved Text: You will find vast amounts of people on the planet who're operating within the Jezebel spirit. They're charismatic, physically attractive, showing effective leadership characteristics and therefore are attending places of worship while appearing godly, but would be the greatest disadvantage artists available. So how will you discern if an individual is who they appear at first sight and seem to be? How will you make certain that the existence decision that's so critical isn't converted into a huge mistake that may place your very existence in danger? You will find signs to consider that are very disguised you need to discern and never look upon the outward surface but to determine within the spirit realm regarding who that individual is really behind closed doorways.
Individuals who be employed in the Jezebel spirit are Academy Award-winning actresses and actors who are able to fool 98 percent of those on the planet into believing those are the most loving and caring individuals. They'll do enough things for some individuals, mainly in the church, to help you think that they're charitable and providing while operating inside a deep, dark, sinister double existence behind closed doorways. Those are the essential Dr. Jeckyl/Mr. Hyde personality who are able to appear so debonair, and "existence from the party" while watching public, while demeaning and controlling you to definitely in which you seem like an mistreated puppet behind closed doorways. You are feeling like you're in a spy movie where everybody believes the star is really a caring, giving and loving person, but in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.130098
Retrieved Text: New Trophy: Furoticon Online Offbeatr Supporter!
This is our first site-wide trophy. It is designed to recognize all the awesome people who supported us to help make Furoticon Online a reality. Without contributing your slice of the pie, we wouldn't have been able to do it.
If you supported Furoticon Online, but you don't see this trophy in your control panel, send an email to me (seppel@furoticon.com) ASAP!
Furoticon Online is coming this summer! Keep an eye out for more updates!
@captainbozo: One of the Offbeatr videos showing the interface of F.O. had some seconds showing a "forum-esque" interface when talking about the private messages, clan options/interface, shop, chat, etc.
Ijm so excited. Canjt wait to see the finished product.
@Unseen_Evil: Do you have any proof of this? I have not heard anything regarding Furoticon Online having its own forums.
Interesting. Is there going to be a way to see other people's at some point?
They'll be many supporters to come. Best of luck with the launch when the time comes.
@captainbozo: I think that the forums might be replaced when Furoticon Online goes live as it had its own version of the forums.
Sweet, just reporting in that the badge shows up fine on my account.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.079027
Retrieved Text: Venom was shown so, as it's this close to e3, I think the Spider-Man playset and GotG playset will both definately be confirmed and maybe stitch. Btw I can't remember how much or what was announced at e3 last year, can someone remind me?
I'm honestly not expecting an over abundance of news at E3, I mean I think we'll get a good amount, especially on the Disney side of things, but I have a feeling their saving a good chunk of info for Comic Con too.
I guess, though, that I don't know. I suppose I won't be surprised either way, contrary to my earlier thoughts.
I think they'll announce everything leaked today and yesterday (to get it out of the way) Stitch and the Guardians of the Galaxy playset pack with Star Lord and Gamora and single packs for Groot, Rocket Raccoon and Drax.
To everyone saying that they do not think anything will be announced at the event, I have to disagree for one reason. I think that the fact that they had the "See You At E3" message at the end of the announcement event can only mean that more will be announced. Plus, there are not many more events where they will be able to announce anything...I do not know, I guess this is just my two cents...Hopefully we do get some new figure announcements, but more importantly, I am really hoping that they will clear up all of the burning questions we have about the game!
Wow, PlayStation exclusive stuff... Seriously Disney? That's so unfair

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.862534
Retrieved Text: Ultimate Trump troll if he released illegals in sanctuary cities.
I'd rather he'd knock off the "trolling" and actually do it.
The proper thing to do is deport all of them, but if Congress and/or courts won't let us, they need the "diversity" shoved down their throats.
Chicago mayor elect will take them.
Idk if it’s possible if Chicago can be any more corrupt.
Just one or two cities. Chicago is an excellent choice.
Trump only said he's going to do what I've said the next Republican administration should do for years. It's about turning the public against illegal immigration.
What would Democrats be able to do about it if Trump forces them into sanctuary cities?
Agree to deport them? Then Trump win.
Redirect them into red or purple states? Then you create a wedge issue that helps Republicans (similar to forced busing).
Or keep them in your cities and let crime rise.
Sounds like a no-win scenario.
Last edited by Eric Cartman; 04-15-2019 at 06:15 PM.
This is fucked up. It might be some kind of revenge for Trump, but look at what this means. It means Trump finds a sneaky way to cave in to the illegal invaders. If they're plopped into sanctuary cities, what's do guarantee they'll stay there? They'll be free to move about the country. So if Trump puts them there legally, then he's basically opened the floodgates to illegal invaders. Because he does it in a way that mocks liberals, conservatives have a laugh and act like they won, but what's really happened is the illegals have gotten their way. They've entered under

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.803839
Retrieved Text: as you may have realized the si brakes are crap.
but the ST ones go straight on and lets face it cossies and mondies are knocking on a bit now and its more than likely the calipers will be shot to buggery.
so heres how to fit mk6 fiesta ST150 discs and calipers to your car.
fit braided brake line while your there perhaps.
Good guide looks like a fairly simple job, got me thinking about getting some!
What size wheels do you need, don't suppose they'll fit under my rs 14's will they??
Last edited by Trissy_si on Wed Apr 23, 2008 9:33 pm, edited 2 times in total.
I can confirm this guide also applies to the RS2000 260m setup. Everything just swapped over and bolted up, couldn't be simpler.
Useful if your wheels have less clearance.
will this guide be the same for a 1991 xr2i?
Should fit no problem, can't imagine why ford would change something like brake mountings, it'd simply mean they'd need to carry a wider range of replacement parts.
ive heard that you have to skim abit off the caliper????
That would depend on you wheels i think, and clearance of the caliper.
as far as i know dan never did that, you might be able to space the wheel away from the caliper using a spacer plate, would that not be easier?
Might just have jump in the deep end and buy a set, and trial fit them, if there's no way they'll go on it's either a wheel change or sell them on, don't imagine you'd lose much if anything selling

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.73349
Retrieved Text: Floriuk shows us a black and white underwater world, where shoals of fish, huge whales, and apex predators capture our imagination. The reason that I want to share Floriuk's artwork is to show you just how beautiful conservation photography can be.
Floriuk, a photographer and social anthropologist born in Mexico, is passionate about photography as well as our environment. With "Underwater Realm," he stresses that the vast, submerged biosphere is a mostly unknown treasure that we are about to lose due to human action. As we are brutally overfishing the world's oceans, the balance of our planet seems to be locked in a downward spiral. Conservation and environmental protection were already on his agenda, but as Floriuk saw the oceans change during his free time as a diver, something happened to him. I guess that's true for every location. The more you immerse yourself in an environment, the more it grows on you.
Check out Floriuk's evocative submerged monochromes in his gallery or follow him on Instagram or Facebook.
Photos used with permission by Anuar Patjane Floriuk.
Sometimes I'll see photos, intended to bring awareness to a cause and wonder how they'll actually help anything. Not too long ago there was one where "art" was made from garbage to call attention to the amount of garbage we create. Nope. Don't see it. I know it's a problem but the photos didn't do anything. These are almost the opposite. I would give anything to be able to "swim with the sharks" but the photos make it look so idealistic, it's easy

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.6174
Retrieved Text: If you're trying to find a good hobby for your child to get involved in, it's time to introduce them to the game of chess. Chess isn't your ordinary board game. It's a game that requires thought and concentration. While your child is playing chess, they'll also be learning valuable lessons that they'll carry with them throughout their life. Here are just four of the reasons why your child should learn to play chess.
If you're thinking about getting your child involved in the game of chess, you should know that it will do more than provide entertainment. The game of chess will also teach your child valuable critical thinking skills. Your child won't be able to simply move the pieces around the board. They'll need to think about each move, and how that move will affect the rest of the game. They'll learn how to always be one step ahead with their thinking, which will also help them develop problem-solving skills.
When it comes to playing chess, your child will learn that not all moves are going to go quickly. In fact, most moves will take quite a bit of time to complete. Playing the game of chess requires patience, which your child will learn as they continue to play. Not only will your child learn to be patient with others, they'll also learn to be patient with themselves. They'll learn that as they give themselves the time they need to plan and implement each individual move. They'll also learn patience through the games that continue on

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.60866
Retrieved Text: Look for these things in an executor | Dorian, Goldstein, Wisniewski & Orchinik, P.C.
On behalf of Dorian, Goldstein, Wisniewski & Orchinik, P.C. on Sunday, January 27, 2019.
Choosing an executor of your will is one of the most important estate planning decisions you'll ever make. You want to be 100 percent sure that the person you choose is willing and able to carry out a variety of estate administration tasks upon your passing.
While some people have a clear idea of whom they'll choose as an executor, such as an adult child or close friend, others are unsure of what's best for them and their estate.
It's okay to have some reservations about making a final decision, as this is a big part of your estate plan.
Reliability: Your executor should be reliable and responsible, as they'll need to immediately step in upon your death. If you don't choose a responsible person, they make "flake out" when the time comes.
Good financial standing: This isn't required, but it's something you should strongly consider. A person in good financial standing is a person who is more likely to make sound decisions while following the letter of the law.
Age and health: As long as a person is 18 years of age or older, you can choose them as your executor (there are very few exclusions). However, you'll want to strongly consider both age and health when making this decision. For example, if you're 40 years old you don't want to choose an 80-year-old relative as your executor. There's a chance this person will

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.606825
Retrieved Text: The latest entry in Natsume's Harvest Moon video game franchise, Harvest Moon: Skytree Village, releases exclusively for the Nintendo 3DS.
In this newest Harvest Moon game, times have changed and the land known as the Oasis of the Harvest Goddess is anything but. Many people used to live in Skytree Village when the land was lush and green. However, the power of the Harvest Goddess gradually began to wane, and the land became parched and dry.
"With Harvest Moon: Skytree Village, we have taken the opportunity to completely revamp the character art and made major improvements that players will find very exciting," said Hiro Maekawa, President & CEO of Natsume. "The game has a wide selection of marriageable candidates and a strong storyline, so we think fans of the series will be very pleased with this all-new game."
With a completely new story, players will be challenged to restore the seven legendary Skytrees that make the town so iconic and bring power and prosperity to the land around them. Along the way, they'll meet a new cast of characters (with a few returning familiar faces), alongside a brand-new art style, new character models, and more.
The game features tutorials that are designed to be user-friendly as players will immediately be able to jump into the thick of things. They'll be customizing their farm by raising and lowering the land, creating rivers, ponds, and so on. Upgraded tools will assist farmers in shaping the land more efficiently, and afterwards they can kick back and relax in their boat to do a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.599537
Retrieved Text: At around month four, your baby will be developing an understanding of the basic sounds of language. You can encourage them by mimicking the sounds they make and initiating a few of your own. That means loads of baby talk conversations! This’ll help them interact and recognize more sounds.
This age is jam packed with fun stuff - you'll really start to notice a little personality developing.
Here's a chart to help you track some of the important milestones at this time, so make sure you have your camera ready to go!
More to love - around four to five months your baby will have doubled their birth weight, and they've probably already had several spurts. It’s common to have them around three weeks, six weeks, three months and six months. They'll need extra feeds when they're going through this.
By six months their weight gain will be slowing down – you can expect them to put on around 150g each week from here.
Heads up - your baby’s head and neck muscles will get stronger from around four months. By six months your baby will be able to sit up in a high chair, and from about seven months they should be able to sit up (somewhere soft and safe!) unsupported.
Oh, its YOU - they'll be able to recognize familiar people - especially Mum!
Smiles all round – your baby will most likely start to smile in response to your voice.
Ten tiny fingers - they'll probably play with their hands quite a bit, chew on them and often just watch them.
Taking

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.591553
Retrieved Text: Last week I also watched "Harvey" with my daughter. She is always up for some old movie or book that I want to see again, and it is more fun to re-experience them with someone new, so that's great for me, too. I'm obviously not focusing on Great Works or anything, just things I liked... things I've enjoyed having sitting around in my brain over the years.
They can be cute. I'll admit that I'm too 'test conscious' to take their precious antics at face value, most times. I keep thinking about how they'll look when the test is graded. ;-) They really are good kids, though. They also get along well with each other, too, and that makes me hope they'll have each other to depend on when they are adults.
Sometimes it is a drag to see some of yourself in them, when it is something you don't like about yourself. Especially when it is stuff that I don't have a good strategy for dealing with even now. Not much you can do about it, I guess... it's like, "heh heh... sorry you had to get that, kid. Good luck with it, though!"
OTOH, they seem to be happy kids and still like to spend time with me, so I mustn't be too annoying... a weird mix of laid-back and firm, I guess. I hope I live long enough to see what they'll have to say about me when they are 'all growed up'. Not that I assume I will like it... I just can't help being

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.586634
Retrieved Text: Business owners often need to ensure they can asset backed lending to grow. This might imply they'll have to obtain a larger business insurance policy or make sure they have extra cash to acquire the equipment they will have to have in order to do much more so they could accept far more customers. When a small business needs to make sure they'll have almost everything they will need, they might wish to look for a company which offers the financial aid they will need to do what they will wish to do for their own organization to grow.
It really is a good suggestion to explore a company which offers a number of expert services for the business proprietor to take advantage of when they are ready to broaden the organization. They may wish to search for an additional insurance coverage they are able to use when their particular small business will be larger to be able to protect the brand new equipment they'll buy. They furthermore could want to check into transitioning to a brand new insurance policy that is going to be far more in line with just what they'll need to have. If they will need added cash to get started growing, they could want to work together with a company that in addition supplies a means for them to be able to receive the added money they'll require very easily by utilizing their own assets to allow them to acquire more funds without delay and also begin making use of it to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.549416
Retrieved Text: Many folks really like having a lawn that looks great, yet they don't have the time necessary in order to take care of it by themselves. When this happens, they'll have to spend some time to locate the correct firm for john deere store. They ought to not rush when they're searching for a firm to hire to allow them to make certain the company can do a fantastic job and also will continue to make sure their lawn appears amazing.
The individual should begin with considering all the services they may have to have. In case almost all they'll need is lawn mowing in anaheim, it's going to be effortless to actually locate the appropriate company. However, in case they're going to require assistance with their particular trees and shrubs or even with developing a brand-new landscape plan, they might want to look around a little bit to be able to find a company that can handle every little thing they will have to have. After they have a few options, they are going to want to ensure the businesses they are considering are covered with insurance. This protects the person if anything at all happens to a staff member at their house. They will also wish to see samples of some of the work the company has carried out in the past to be able to make sure it is going to meet their anticipations.
It is essential for someone to browse around once they are searching for the right company. However, provided that they recognize

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.524246
Retrieved Text: EXACTLY what I've been saying Larry.
Ahhhh, remember the old AutoCAD setting for that......"viewres" wasn't it?
Over 10,000 views for a thread that is essentially mutilating a very long dead horse.
No matter how much complaining we do about the interface, I can tell you it's not going to go back. Too many people say they like it. True, they probably don't know what they're talking about... or they're kids... or just new users without any experience on the legacy software. But PTC is going to hang it's hat on the opinions of those who like the new interface and they're going to dig their heels in.
I can tell you there is Z E R O interest in pursuing any of those things. Your best bet... and maybe your only bet... is to join a Technical Committee and try to make your voice heard that way. Figure out what we can do to make the current interface less painful and suggest it as an enhancement.
I respectfully disagree. When you can save your customizations and take them with you, it doesn't matter if you leave one company and move to another.
By allowing everyone to create their own custom environment and share it, you essentially open up a marketplace for ideas. The best ideas gain acceptance and the worst ones fall away. This has worked really, really well for major software applications like Maya. When the standard interface was klunky, slow, and hard to use, the users themselves developed their own streamlined versions that became more popular than the out-of-box version.
If

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.460793
Retrieved Text: I'm running on Windows 2000. Maybe that helps a little?
they'll be able to play Windows Media files.
they'll be able to play Real media files.
they'll be able to play QuickTime files you create.
installed, they'll be able to play DVDs or VideoCDs or Super-VideoCDs.
>they'll be able to play Windows Media files.
>they'll be able to play Real media files.
>they'll be able to play QuickTime files you create.
>installed, they'll be able to play DVDs or VideoCDs or Super-VideoCDs.
DivX codec only to break other software on their computers.
I don't recommend it for that reason.
you to capture to DV .avi file format only.
1. Problems using AVI compression codecs?
Visual C++ 6.0? If so, are there any patches?
10. where can i find SGI video codecs?
11. Hardware Codecs for the sgi 320?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.451921
Retrieved Text: Kumulos suits multi-faceted teams of developers working in many configurations. It gives you fine control over what your colleagues can do with your Kumulos apps. To see how easy it is to get your team involved, follow the process below.
Selecting "Users" from the main menu will give you the screen above. It lists all the users on your Kumulos account, and allows you to manage them.
When you hit "Create User Account" you'll be given a few things to fill in about them such as their name and login info.
Once you've filled in their details, you set up what part they'll play in your team.
First select your new user's permissions. These permissions control what your new user will be able to access and manage when they're logged in to Kumulos.
Once you've selected their permissions, you can choose which apps they'll be able to see and work with. The permissions selected apply to all apps that the user is given access to.
That's it! Now you and your team can collaborate to make awesome mobile apps!

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: Given that B: And she got kind of fearful of being on her own. She never really ate very well. It was one thing. She hardly ever took care of herself A: Yeah. B: and she didn't eat. She ate very poor so I think she was, you know, bad, uh, nutrition on top of it. And, uh, she got to the point she didn't want to alone anymore. So, A: So often I think though, elderly people don't realize that their diet is that bad. Therefore, it must be true that "elderly people's diet is that bad"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.203604
Retrieved Text: Ask TreeHugger: Are Exposures to Diesel Exhaust Related to My Heart Problems?
Question: I am a retired fireman who has developed heart problems. In the fire station, there were a lot of diesel fumes. Are these diesel fumes responsible for my heart problems? Could they have affected my health?
Response: Diesel exhaust exposures have been linked to heart (and lung) problems in many research studies. These studies show fairly consistently that higher levels of diesel pollution in the outdoor air is related to higher number of deaths, hospital admissions, heart attacks, and other bad health outcomes. Since these studies base their results on populations (and not individuals), their results say that on average an increase in bad health outcomes may occur for the group that they studied, often a group of people living in a particular city or a group of elderly people.
What this means for you is not that clear. Even though these studies show that inhaling diesel fumes is bad, they don't necessarily say anything about whether diesel fumes in your firehouse are responsible for your specific heart problems. You (with some help and guidance) could estimate your risk of heart problems from diesel exposures in the fire house, given your family, diet, exercise, smoking and work history; scientists and consultants do this all the time. However, to do so properly, you would need to make many assumptions (including how much pollution came from the trucks) and factor in your exposures from fighting fires, when you may have inhaled soot and other pollutants that can also

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.584951
Retrieved Text: After a long inactivity PrimeItaly.com will be back at work with a fresh look in a few days.
The current website, which has not been updated for long time, will be replaced with a totally new version, both in content and design.
First of all, please let me give a bit of an explanation for such a long period of inactivity.
This interval very much explains the content of the revised website.
My own life, as founder and main editor of PrimeItaly, has been rocked by family tragedies, with both my parents passing away in a brief interval during this time.
After my mother's death, I decided to devote all my time to caring for my elderly father to alleviate the pain and distress from this significant and totally unexpected loss. I even dedicated a website to my father (CesareMemorial.com) after his recent passing. I put aside anything to do with my personal life and career in the process. As a result, PrimeItaly was neglected.
However, during this time, I had the opportunity to experience many aspects of the Italian lifestyle, with a more "direct on the field" approach. This meant I was able to experience a closer relationship and enjoy daily contact with the reality of the rural areas and countryside of Italy, including how my country's dietary regime impacts on people's health -- not just the elderly but how diet has affected my own well-being.
- and many other more niche aspects of the Italian lifestyle, not usually found on most travel websites.
PrimeItaly.com will of course continue to offer information on

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.49834
Retrieved Text: With different stages of life come different nutritional needs. The elderly is one age group that needs special attention in terms of diet and healthy nutrition. When someone reaches the age of 65, he is considered part of the younger bracket of the “elderly” group. They can be categorized in four groups—the aged (90 years old and above), the elderly (80-89 years old), the aging (72-79 years old), and the middle aged (60-71 years old).
Having a planned and healthy diet prevents a lot of digestive problems for the elderly such as constipation, chewing and swallowing problems, and gas and heartburn. There are different ways of dealing with these problems by integrating a specific dietary plan to their meal.
Constipation can be countered by drinking a lot of fluids. Eating fruits, vegetables, and whole grain bread and cereals also help in better digestion.
Cutting food into small pieces and drinking plenty of liquids will help solve chewing and swallowing problems.
Lozenges and hard candies can moisten the throat to ease the swallowing process.
Flatulence and heartburn can be countered by small frequent feedings.
Avoiding carbonated drinks, alcohol, and fatty foods will also ease abdominal problems.
Heartburn can be prevented by not reclining after eating.
Increased blood pressure is common to the elderly. Limiting salty foods and having a heart-healthy diet will help lower blood pressure.
Sweets and alcohol should be avoided if not lessened to prevent high blood sugar. A high fiber, low calorie diet will help keep blood sugar at a manageable level and will aid in removing clogged fat in the pancreas, the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.491404
Retrieved Text: might the credit crunch affect eating habits?
you may be aware of the ongoing financial crisis since its everywhere, many experts predict that the era of easy credit is gone. this has both good and bad; the good is that people will stop living beyond their means, the bad is that in the meantime even deserving applicants are being denied credit according to [URL="http://www.breadmarket.co.uk"]breadmarket[/URL].
I also think the credit crisis may have another unseen effect and that is change people's eating habits; when you go to the supermarket, vegetables are the cheapest item you can get, if people have to tighten their budgets, this might just be the motivation they need to cut out those expensive processed foods!
Dinner- Whole wheat pasta with spinach, parm cheese, capers and olive oil. Baked potato with organic oil spread.
snack- apple with peanut butter* just a little.
exercise- cardio and I did like over an hour of housework that was hard.
Does this diet really work?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.483643
Retrieved Text: It may be difficult for you to ensure that your elderly loved ones get proper diet and thus you should consider taking them to a home care. Your elderly loved ones should be given proper nutrition so as help boost the body immunity. This is because the elderly loved ones require a well balanced diet so as to be able to boost the body immune system. If you want your elderly loved ones to have a healthy diet, you should consider enrolling them to a home care.
Studies have showed that if your elderly loved ones get to be engaged in social activities, he or she tends to live for a longer time. When your elderly loved one is left home all alone, he or she will get bored and may even end up depressed as a result of hardly interacting with anyone or engaging in any activities. On the other hand, a home care has assistants will get to engage with the elderly, get to play games and participate in different activities.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.715515
Retrieved Text: Do You Really Need Vitamins and Supplements?
I don't know about you but whenever I see TV commercials that show active men and women looking all smiling and happy because they take vitamins or supplements... well, I start to feel bad about the fact that I do not choke down such things on a regular basis.
I usually make a mental vow to start taking a daily vitamin. The new gummy ones for adults are especially attractive to a kid at heart like Mr. Bad Food.
But after watching a recent Good Morning America report that basically says most people can get the vitamins and minerals they need from a balanced diet, I am rethinking my beliefs.
After all, the Diet-to-Go low-fat meal plan that I have been enjoying for the past year meet the guidelines of major health organizations like the American Heart Association and the American Diabetes Association.
These delicious meals are properly portioned and balanced to give me what I need to get healthy and maybe even lose a little weight while I do so.
So if the GMA report is true, why are so many people plunking down so much money -- about $20 billion a year -- for vitamins and dietary supplements?
According to industry data, about half of all adult Americans take a daily multivitamin. So are we frittering away our money by doing so?
Dr. Richard Besser, ABC News' senior health and medical editor, says that for most people, eating a well-balanced diet from all the food groups is the best way to ensure you get the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.572723
Retrieved Text: Greenjoy Coaching - Gwyneth Jones: Just 10 Days of a Mediterranean Diet Can Improve Your Mood!
seem aware that too much processed food is bad for you. But it isn't just your body that can suffer from a bad diet - it's your brain. While plenty of research suggests that certain chemicals and eating patterns can negatively affect your mood there are very few actual control trials that look at the effect of diet on mood and brain power.
McMillan et al. (2011) decided to test whether a 10-day Mediterranean diet intervention would influence people's mood and cognitive performance. Often cited as one of the healthiest diets in the world, the Mediterranean diet contains a lot of fruit and vegetables, fish, olive oil, whole grains and legumes, with a reduction of processed food and refined carbohydrates.
They recruited 26 women (1 dropped out) and randomly assigned them into "diet change" (DC) or "no change" (NC) groups. The DC group were given guidelines on how to eat in a way that was consistent with the Mediterranean diet, while the others were told to follow their diets as usual. These ladies kept a daily food diary during the study, and their mood and performance on a range of cognitive tasks (e.g. working memory, attention) were measured before and after the 10-day diet.
Although three of the women's diaries were incomplete, recorded meals from the food diaries of those in the DC condition were 93% compliant with a Mediterranean diet. It turned out that those following the Mediterranean diet reported higher feelings of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.390202
Retrieved Text: If your elderly loved one is on a specific diet, it might be hard for you to prepare them meals that are tasty to eat. This is where garlic comes in. It gives a variety of flavors to various dishes that would be tasteless or bland because of salt, pepper, or other spices. If you spice your meals with garlic, they will be more edible and your seniors won’t skip meals. Eating healthy dishes that contain garlic can improve senior’s general well being.
Older adults have a weaker immune system. If they add garlic to their diet, they can give it a boost. This vegetable, from the family of onions, contains antiviral and antibacterial properties. These properties keep viruses and bacteria out and preserve senior’s health. It has also been proven that garlic prevents stomach ulcers.
Garlic is a natural cure for pain. It can serve as a replacement for pills and injections. This onion-like ingredient is rich in quercetin, which is a flavonoid that can affect and prevent inflammation. These flavonoids are also adept at fighting off free radicals.
If a senior has issues with mobility and finds themselves in a situation where they need to reduce cholesterol levels, they may discover it’s hard to accomplish this. The easiest way is to implement a diet which has garlic as an essential ingredient. The best thing about using garlic for reducing cholesterol is that it only lowers LDL (bad cholesterol) and not HDL (good cholesterol).
PreviousHow to Protect Your Parent From Delirium?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.349133
Retrieved Text: People's preferences to rising early and going to bed later change at varying points in the life cycle. The morning chronotype is more common in children and can appear when a baby is just three-weeks old. This changes during childhood. While over 90% of two-year-olds have a morning preference, this declines to 58% by the age of six, and shifts further towards an evening preference during puberty. This evening preference continues until an adult reaches their early 50's and they then begin to revert back to a morning preference.
Another study noted that being exposed to daylight influenced sleep. Every additional hour spent outdoors was associated with 30 minutes of 'advance sleep' and that the noise, ambient lighting and crowding of urban environments can make people in some areas more likely to have a morning or evening preference.
Dr Almoosawi, a Research Fellow in Northumbria's Brain, Performance and Nutrition Research Centre, explained: "We have found that your genes, ethnicity and gender determine the likelihood of you being a morning or evening type. In adulthood, being an evening chronotype is associated with greater risk of heart disease and type 2 diabetes, and this may be potentially due to the poorer eating behaviour and diet of people with evening chronotype. Our review also found that people who have a poorer control of their diabetes are more likely to be evening types.
"The review has highlighted a major gap in our understanding as to how our biological clock affects food intake in infants, children and the elderly. While most infants synchronise their

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.335968
Retrieved Text: Coconut oil is considered as “bad fat,” because it contains saturated fatty acids. But recent studies and research have proven otherwise.
A new clinical study have proven that a single tablespoon daily of coconut oil could improve cardiovascular health and promote weight loss. The study is titled “A coconut extra virgin oil-rich diet increases HDL cholesterol and decreases waist circumference and body mass in coronary artery disease patients”.
The study is said to hold great promise in people who are suffering from obesity, overweight, and heightened cardiovascular disease risk, in which pharmaceutical approaches often fail. Let’s find out more about it.
In the new study, the health effects of a nutritional treatment with extra virgin coconut oil, which focuses primarily on how it affects HDL cholesterol and a range of anthropmetric measurements, that includes size, body weight and circumference, were evaluated.
The average age of the participants was 62.4 ± 7.7 years, with 70% of elderly individuals, while the 63.2% are males. All of them were hypertensive, while the 94.5% had blood lipid profiles indicating “dyslipidemia” and taking standard, cholesterol lowering drug treatment.
In the first phase, a 3-month period, with 136 enrollees were put on a standardized diet. From the third month onward, the 116 who completed the 1st phase were place into two intervention groups: 22 remained on the diet, and 92 were put on the diet + 13 ml (.43 ounces) daily of extra virgin coconut oil, which is equivalent to about 14 grams, or about 1 Tablespoon (15 grams).
Additionally, the coconut oil intervention group reported a 3.1±7.4

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.30463
Retrieved Text: Around 1,000 people marched through Birmingham last Saturday to demand an end to privatisation of public services. There were 36 banners on the march including the local RAGE campaign against the closure of elderly people's homes, Defend Council Housing, the regional FBU and UCATT union banners, and several from local Socialist Alliance groups.
The demonstration headed for local New Labour MP Gisela Stuart's surgery. Marchers refused to leave until Stuart came out to address them. Her only comment was, 'I ask you to respect the constituents in my surgery.' She did not say whether those constituents agreed with having their local elderly people's homes, hospitals, fire service and council housing run by private companies.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.230927
Retrieved Text: It is more important that the elderly eat healthily and proper now more than ever. Having worked with the elderly for some years I know that not every elderly person has a massive appetite and not many of them are willing to try new, modern food stuffs.
It is estimated that by 2031, 23% of the population will be over the age of 65, and 10% of these people will be over 75. So with the population of Britain gets older we have to take more and more care looking after the elderly.
3 meals are day are needed to keep energy levels up. A good breakfast of wholegrain cereals or fruit, with a juice drink and a cup of tea are great. Lunch can be light for those with a small appetite. A cold meat sandwich and a slice of cake, then dinner can be perhaps a nice Sheppard’s pie or liver and onions.
Fibre is a very important in your diet no matter what age, and when you are elderly it is even more so important. Fibre in your diet can help relieve constipation and bowel problems. These problems are common the older we get as our movement and mobility is restricted and exercise lessens.
Fluid also helps brain activity and the older you get the more you have to work to keep your mind as sharp as it can be. Older people are not as sensitive to the sensation of thirst as we are, so keeping the elderly topped up with fluid is important, Especially in hot

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.206736
Retrieved Text: CHEER exists to promote the welfare of the elderly in East Elmbridge, and has been supporting the retired community for over 60 years.
With its origins in the Esher and District Old People's Welfare Council (founded in the early 1950s), CHEER became a charitable company on 1st April 2010.
According to the Campaign to End Loneliness there are 800,000 chronically lonely people in England. That translates into several hundred elderly people in the East Elmbridge area. Although Elmbridge is a generally affluent area, we still have many elderly residents who are struggling with low income, poor living conditions, disability and loneliness.
We are the only local charity to provide a comprehensive and caring response to these issues, including visiting people in their own homes.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.1216
Retrieved Text: Since I work full time and blog part time full-time, and do my best to take care of my husband and an elderly parent, it can sometimes get ridiculously busy, especially on weeknights.
Yes. I love to cook, but I also like to sleep occasionally. However, I want my family and I to eat healthier, but since I usually go to the grocery store only once a week, I don’t always get to use up the fresh produce before it goes bad. Yet I still want to incorporate fruits and vegetables into my family’s diet, and not just skip them altogether.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.105806
Retrieved Text: It's better if you can avoid them altogether and instead consume water, fat-free or 1 percent fat milk, percent fruit juice, and low-sodium vegetable juices. Log in with your Medical News Today account to create or edit your custom homepage, catch-up on your opinions notifications and set your newsletter preferences. Archived from the original PDF on 19 October But I keep hearing many stories of patients with bipolar disorder who are suffering from poor body image and almost losing faith in themselves because nothing seems to work. Total dietary regulation in the treatment of diabetes.
Such diets are normally followed under the supervision of a doctor. Crash diet and fad diet are general terms. They describe diet plans which involve making extreme, rapid changes to food consumption, but are also used as disparaging terms for common eating habits which are considered unhealthy. Both types of diet are often considered to pose health risks.
Where this is the case, it will be noted in that diet's entry. Detox diets involve either not consuming or attempting to flush out substances that are considered unhelpful or harmful. Examples include restricting food consumption to foods without colorings or preservatives, taking supplements, or drinking large amounts of water. The latter practice in particular has drawn criticism, as drinking significantly more water than recommended levels can cause hyponatremia.
Some people's dietary choices are influenced by their religious, spiritual or philosophical beliefs. People's dietary choices are sometimes affected by intolerance or allergy to certain types of food. There are also dietary patterns that might be recommended,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.914574
Retrieved Text: The submission period for the Philips Livable Cities Award is now closed.
The Award short list was announced on 10 February 2011.
The Philips Livable Cities Award is a global initiative designed to generate practical, achievable ideas for improving the health and well-being of people living in cities.
Individuals and community or non-governmental organizations and businesses were asked to submit their ideas for "simple solutions" that improve people's health and well-being in a city. To help translate these ideas into reality, three grants totaling EUR125,000 will be awarded. One overall winning idea from any of the three submission categories will receive a grant of EUR75,000, while the two additional ideas will receive grants of EUR25,000.
Initiatives that will help citizens feel safe in public spaces, as well as initiatives that help create identity and a sense of belonging.
Initiatives that will help the growing number of elderly people living alone to feel secure and comfortable in a city and/or enable longer living at home with appropriate access to healthcare.
Initiatives that will support a healthy body and mind, whether through a person's surroundings or via other essentials such as exercise, sleep and diet.
Log in & let's get started!
E-mailMake sure you typed it correctly.
If you can't read this, try another one.
Yes, I would like to receive occasional CNN member updates about new features and special offers.
Enter your e-mail address below and we will send you an e-mail with a link and code to reset your password.
Already have the reset code?
Please check your e-mail and click the link to confirm your membership. Then, you'll

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.912207
Retrieved Text: 1. Nuts can help with weight control.
there was a strong inverse relationship between tree nut consumption and developing these medical conditions.
Other studies have also shown that eating tree nuts does not lead to weight gain and the high concentration of fiber and nutrients offsets the calories consumed.
2. Nuts may reduce heart deaths in the elderly.
those that ate nuts >5 times a week had a reduced risk of overall death of nearly 20% and of heart disease deaths a stunning 40%.
Of additional interest, the elderly who ate doughnuts had twice the risk of dying of heart disease during the study!
It would appear you’d be nuts not to eat some nuts (unless allergic), and truly nuts to eat doughnuts!
3. Walnuts can lower cholesterol.
the walnut diet reduced total cholesterol and the “bad” apoB component. Markers of inflammation and blood sugar were unaffected.
4. Ground flaxseeds lower blood pressure.
the seeds reduced systolic blood pressure on average 10 mg Hg, and diastolic pressure by 7 mmHg, a substantial reduction equivalent to a medication.
In the subgroup that started with elevated blood pressures the average drop in systolic blood pressure was 15 mmHg which is more than expected from a new prescription medication.
5. Flaxseeds may improve blocked arteries.
In a rabbit model, adding 10% flax to a high-cholesterol rabbit chow led to a 40% reduction in plaque development and improved artery function on testing.
If this translates to humans, it would be an amazing benefit.
6. Flaxseeds reduced blood sugar and cholesterol.
adding 10 grams of flax powder for a month lowered blood sugar and cholesterol by about

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.7623
Retrieved Text: The widely used food supplement glucosamine promotes longevity in ageing mice by approximately 10% due to improved glucose metabolism. Michael Ristow, M.D., a professor at ETH Zurich, and his team find that the compound does so “by mimicking a low-carb diet in elderly mice reflecting human retirees”.
In 2007, Michael Ristow showed that too much nutritive sugar shortens the lifespan of roundworms, a widely studied model organism in ageing research. Conversely, impairing carbohydrate metabolism in these worms was capable of extending lifespan [reference 1]. Unfortunately, the method used in worms at that time unexpectedly appeared to be ineffective in rodents [reference 2], and hence was not studied further.
Next and most importantly, the researchers fed glucosamine to ageing mice in addition to their normal diet. The mice were 100 weeks of age, reflecting a comparative human age of approximately 65 years. A control group of mice received no glucosamine while otherwise receiving an identical diet. Feeding the supplement to mice extended their lifespan by almost 10%, reflecting around 8 additional years of human lifespan. Moreover, glucosamine improved glucose metabolism in elderly mice indicating protection from diabetes, a life-threatening disease most prevalent amongst the elderly.
Additional analyses revealed that glucosamine feeding promotes the breakdown of amino acids in both worms and mice. Amino acids are key components of proteins, and they become preferentially metabolized in the absence of carbohydrates. As Ristow points out, “this reflects the metabolic state of a low-carb diet due to glucosamine supplementation alone – while these mice ingested the same amount of carbohydrates as their unsupplemented

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.742264
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in Hey Joe, Whatd'ya Know? and tagged arguments, Atkins Diet, carbohydrates, Caregiver, Caregiving, Comedy, cookies, cooking, dementia, diet, Dot, Elderly, Elderly Humor, Entertainment, expanding belly, family, food, health, Health Care, home, Humor, ice cream, Joe, kitchen, Marriage, memory loss, Romance, seafood diet, Short Stories, short term memory, straight face, style by Whitney Button. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.69575
Retrieved Text: March is National Nutrition Month: Watch Your Sodium Intake!
Home / Dental Hygiene / March is National Nutrition Month: Watch Your Sodium Intake!
Sodium consumption has always been understand as bad for overall health. Too much dietary sodium is strongly associated with high blood pressure, according to the American Heart Association. In this blog post, Dr. Mark Reichman weighs in on sodium’s affect on your oral health?
We generally visualize sodium as salt. But salt in itself does not damage tooth enamel. It’s the vessel that salt travels in that contributes to tooth decay – unhealthy foods. Sodium and carbohydrates often partner up, especially as processed foods.
Oral bacteria feasts on simple sugars and produces tough acids whenever you consume any food or beverage that contains carbohydrates. The acids are kept in contact with tooth enamel by plaque that forms in your mouth throughout the day. The longer it remains in your mouth, the more damaged the tooth enamel becomes. This damage is best avoided by avoiding sodium-rich foods. The American Heart Association does not recommend using salt liberally in your diet. Especially if these foods are sugary and high in carbs, they should be enjoyed in moderation. Pizza, pasta, breads, and snacks like pretzels and chips are among the top sources of sodium in the American diet, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Even though these foods are relatively low in sugar, their starches can be metabolizes into simple sugars by the enzymes in your mouth. The starches are further broken down to generate the same

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.677402
Retrieved Text: Saturated fat - it's not bad for you!
"Low Fats Diets Increase & Heart Disease"
"Two years ago Professor Stampfer co-authored a study published in The New England Journal of Medicine, which found that the group on a low-carbohydrate diet who ate the most saturated fat ended up with the healthiest ratio of HDL to LDL and lost twice as much weight as those on a low fat diet."
The conclusion of this research is that there is NO association of cardiovascular heart disease with saturated fat consumption (fat in red meat, butter, coconut butter, lard etc.).
So don't be a fat phobic. Fat and animal protein have been on the plant and eaten by humans as long as we have been around! Our bodies have therefore evolved with these foods for a lot longer than most of the modern foods we consume which can take more of the blame for increasing problem we have with chronic disease. Grains (wheat etc.) for example, have only been produced in agricultural quantities 10,000 years ago, a drop in the ocean to the complete time humans have evolved over.
However, this is not the complete picture because from a MetabolicTyping® and Body BioTyping point of view not everyone will react the same to fat, it is not about the food but more about what the body does to the food. A good way to look at this is with extreme examples, take for instance Eskimo's, they certainly can eat saturated fat and in fact eat fat almost exclusively in their native environment. However, would

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.565823
Retrieved Text: This is the first blog I read when I joined Wordpress and it remains a source of valuable information.
Mom and I have both had some difficulty sleeping, so are turning to Fitbit.
Author alphacatonlinePosted on April 29, 2018 May 2, 2018 Categories Elderly, TransitionTags home2 Comments on are we sleeping yet?
Just a note, I don’t do formal book reviews or critiques. I merely comment on what I thought was useful or interesting. I do this with all books; some of my comments are posted on the Goodreads site, though may bring some of my comments over to the blog.
It’s been a while since my last rant, so here we go ….
Author alphacatonlinePosted on April 22, 2018 April 29, 2018 Categories RandomTags rant2 Comments on rant: manners, really?
Sometimes it’s not easy to find the good when the bad seems all-consuming.
Author alphacatonlinePosted on April 17, 2018 April 23, 2018 Categories Elderly, TransitionTags food1 Comment on are treats on my diet?
It’s been a busy couple of weeks and I just have not had time to write. Now, my work project is complete, my baby blanket (gift) is done and ready for wrapping, my long warm blanket is finally finished and ready to be washed, my taxes are submitted and all the other random little tasks are done or nearly so.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.49113
Retrieved Text: The good news is that your skin will become drier than usual, which means you’re less likely to suffer from surprise pimple breakouts. Some women may experience skin issues related with menopause. However these skin issues are can be easily treated with hormone replacement therapy.
The bad news: skin becomes more fragile and paper-like. You may also start noticing an increasing number of age spots, fine lines and wrinkles that are more defined if you smoked or sunbathed a lot.
Many people don’t know but our metabolism slows down up to 5% per decade as we age. This doesn’t mean seniors have to gain weight once reaching 50 plus! Experts recommend staying active and exercising to cut necessary calories every day. Or following a strict yet nutritious diet can also help.
The bad news: your body secretes less hydrochloric acid, which in turn decreases availability of vitamin B12. Consult your doctor regarding this issue. This essential nutrient (vitamin B12) helps keep our body’s nerve and blood cells healthy. In addition, vitamin B12 also prevents megaloblastic, a type of anemia that causes weakness and tiredness in people.
There is a lot you can do for your aging parent. Enlist the help of a professional caregiver companion if your parent has become a handful in this age.
Staying in one place for too long (without walking or moving) isn’t good for your elderly father. Introduce walking, swimming, or other enjoyable activities. You can also join in the fun! Regular moderate exercise is essential for maintaining a healthy weight and lower blood pressure.
Remember your

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.44786
Retrieved Text: A new concept in old people's homes in France. The idea is simple, but revolutionary: combining a residential home for the elderly with a crèche/nursery school in the same building.
Six months before she died, my grandmother moved into an old people's home and I visited her there when I was in Britain. She was sitting in the living room with about 15 other residents, mostly women, half of them asleep. The room was clean and warm, with flowers and pictures, and the care assistants were kind and cheerful. The Weakest Link was on the television ('to keep their brains active,' one of the assistants said), and the only other sound was snoring and embarrassing digestive noises. People only moved when they needed to be helped to the bathroom. It was depressing. Gran talked a lot about how much she missed seeing her grandchildren (my nieces, aged 7 and 5), but I knew from my sister that they hated going to visit her there and, to be perfectly honest, I couldn't wait to get away myself.
So I was interested to read a newspaper article about a new concept in old people's homes in France. The idea is simple, but revolutionary: combining a residential home for the elderly with a crèche/nursery school in the same building. The children and the residents eat lunch together and share activities such as music, painting, gardening and caring for the pets which the residents are encouraged to keep. In the afternoons, the residents enjoy reading or telling stories to the children and,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.413292
Retrieved Text: For the diet there are a number of beneficial foods that when included in the diet can sharpen the memory and keep your focus and recall clear and efficient. Foods high in Omega 3 oils such as those found in Avocados, Walnuts, Coconut and also found in oily fish like Salmon, Herring and Mackerel have been discovered to be good at keeping the brain going as the brain works better on that particular fat profile. So actually some fats are actually good for you. Who would have thought it, eh?
Recent research in the Journal of Neurology and featured in the Telegraph highlights a four year study that examined elderly participants who had all taken part in a stroke study and whether a Mediterranean diet helped them with symptoms of cognitive decline which is their ability to remember things and think clearly. The Mediterranean diet, or southern European, is typically rich in olive oil, fish, chicken, garlic, thyme and rosemary, amongst a higher than average consumption of fresh fruit and vegetables compared to people living in the Northern Hemisphere.
Overall, seven per cent of participants were found to have impaired cognitive functioning, but the risk was almost a fifth lower in those whose diets were closest to those of southern Europeans.
Dr Georgios Tsivgoulis, who led the study, said: “Since there are no definitive treatments for most dementing illnesses, modifiable activities, such as diet, that may delay the onset of symptoms of dementia are very important.
Other helpful foods are blue and purple coloured fruits which contain anthocyanins, for example

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.274284
Retrieved Text: Taiwan has entered the aging population society, now whether in the city or countryside have elderly people living alone. People's cognitive ability will gradually decline with aging, particularly in attention and memory capacity.This design aimed at providing a feedback of lock statement of the home door while elderly people going out. It is unnecessary to worry about whether it should go home to check, but can directly identify by key's statement.There are two parts of the key bow; it will be changed while opening the lock. Concave surface of key bow stands for unlocked, otherwise smooth surface stands for locked.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.268003
Retrieved Text: Sorry if this is a repost, but I figured this deserves some attention here.
TFA said: In addition to the racecars and the iconic 2000GT, Naruse-san had a hand in every revolutionary product to come out of Toyota. You name it, he was working on it. The 1965 Sports 800. His. The 1600GT. Another one. Every iteration of the Celica. The AE86. The first and third generation MR2s. The Supra. The Altezza [1st gen. Lexus IS]. And yes, even the second-generation Prius.
I will bet they find he died BEFORE the accident, while the impact looks bad it dos not look "deadly" compared to accidents Wally has been in.
It would explain a lot as well.
Seems a bit elderly to be testing something so wicked fast. I am sure he was a master behind the wheel, but human reflexes generally slow with age. Regardless, sad story.
his reactions were probably better than most people's.
John Brown wrote: I will bet they find he died BEFORE the accident, while the impact looks bad it dos not look "deadly" compared to accidents Wally has been in. It would explain a lot as well.
I've heard he crossed the center line and nailed the BMW head on. I suspect you're probably right.
He is too ocupied with his job prospects to worry about a little spelling.
oops... as if my spelling was not suspect enough. Often times my brain works so much faster than my fingers (and I am a fast typer) that whole words go missing.
I do mean, "rest in peace"
Cliffs Notes: Our car not speeding,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.190695
Retrieved Text: Learn to diet the healthy way throught the DietMaster method.
Now is the time for people to seek qualifications to help boost their career. The Diet Master program has been gaining hot attention in Japan. The lessons guide people to have three meals a day in order to maintain their health. It also includes theories and practices from which people can learn to diet from without gaining rebound. Diet Master information, which is gaining attention form the stand point of preventive medicine, will help you gain a career boost.
Let's make the most of our Diet Master certification!
Diet Master New York Inc.
In order to extend people's lifespan, Denmark has adopted a fat tax effective October 1, 2011. The tax will be placed on food products that contain too much animal oil and fat, such as butter.
© 2009 Japan Diet Academy, Inc. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.126171
Retrieved Text: It is a fact of life that people age. Our once young and strong bodies break down and we become frail and weak, only to find ourselves living in a nursing home, unable to care for our most basic needs.
The frail and weak nursing home stage is one option for your future, but it does not have to be your end result.
You do not have to take the aging process in stride and just accept it. There is something that you can do so that you won’t wind up like the majority of the elderly in our country.
What Can You Do About The Aging Process?
You can protect and strengthen your body by fueling with proper nutrition. Sure, the ideal situation would be to eat healthy your entire life so that by the time you hit 70 years old, you still feel young and vigorous.
Just because you have not lived that path your entire life does not mean it is too late to start now. There are plenty of benefits to consuming proper foods as you age, including increased strength, strong bones, memory retention and healthy hair and skin.
The ability to function in life should be motivation enough to consume a healthy diet. So many elderly people are unable to take care of their basic needs. They cannot complete even the simplest of tasks, such as carrying in a gallon of milk, because they do not have enough strength to do so.
Elderly people are at risk for fracturing their bones because they are not dense or strong

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.117666
Retrieved Text: When depression is missed, life is less enjoyable.
Depression can look different in an older person. The life stresses and health problems of older adults are not the same as for other age groups. For these reasons, family members and caregivers sometimes miss depression in the elderly. When depression is missed, life is less enjoyable. Daily tasks are harder. Being with people is less fun. The chance of sickness or death is greater.
At any time, about one in every 25 older adults living at home has a major depression. If milder depressions are counted too, then twice as many are depressed. In nursing homes, the number of depressed elders is much higher. More elderly women than elderly men are depressed. Both may become more depressed as they get older.
Some elderly depressed people do not think of themselves as sad or down. The way they act, though, should make you think they could be depressed. Depressed people may spend less time with others and less time on hobbies and interests. They often look more withdrawn and irritable. Older adults who are depressed can worry that others are trying to hurt them. Sometimes they worry that others are stealing from them. Some depressed older adults think more slowly and look forgetful and confused. They might complain more of aches and pains. Their sleep is often worse. They may lose or gain weight. Depression brings a greater risk of suicide, especially in white men in their 80s and older. The rate of suicide in this group is more than five

================



======= Instance Index 46 =========
Input Text: Given that Modify the arachnids, said the researchers. Change their bodies and conditions, and you could get fibres like glass, still monofilament, but with logarithmic progressions of possibilities of strength and flexibility, and the ability to resonate light-particles or sound-waves undistorted, scarcely weakened over thousands of miles. Who said the arachnids had to be totally organic? Therefore, it must be true that "arachnids had to be totally organic"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.298147
Retrieved Text: EXCLUSIVE What’s creepy, crawly, and handcrafted by a skilled florist? Our truly original, totally whimsical arrangement featuring adorable arachnids made of boo-tiful blooms! Display this conversation piece at a Halloween party and watch the guests’ fright and delight.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.825756
Retrieved Text: DE · Spinnentiere | LV · zirnekļveidīgie | PL · pajęczaki | RU · паукообра́зные Most of arachnids are terrestrial, but are also found in freshwater and, with the exception of the pelagic zone, in all marine environments. They comprise over 100,000 named species, including spiders, scorpions, harvestmen, ticks, and mites. It is commonly understood that arachnids have four pairs of legs, and that arachnids may be easily distinguished from insects by this fact (insects have six legs or three pairs). Arachnids generally have a total of 6 pairs of appendages - two pairs of which have become adapted for feeding, defense, and sensory perception. The first pair of appendages, the chelicerae, serve in feeding and defense. The next pair of appendages, the pedipalps have been adapted for feeding, locomotion, and/or reproductive functions. Arachnids are further distinguished by the fact they have no antennae and no wings.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.53395
Retrieved Text: If you’re not a fan of spiders, you might want to look away now.
Shocking footage from Espírito Santo do Dourado, in Brazil, appears to show hundreds of arachnids floating in the air above onlookers heads.
But while the video might look extraordinary, experts said the appearance of ‘floating spiders’ was typical for the region in hot and humid weather.
The arachnids, believed to be Parawixia Bistriata spiders, are actually moving on top of a huge canopy-like shared web.
Residents of the area said the sky was ‘raining with spiders’, leaving João Pedro Martinelli Fonseca, 14, ‘stunned and scared’.
He filmed the clip at at his grandparent’s farm in a rural area of southern Minas Gerais state and had been horrified when one fell into his car.
His grandmother told local newspaper Terra Do Mandu: ‘There were many more webs and spiders than you can see in the video.
Parawixia Bistriata spiders and their webs are harmless and their venom is not dangerous to humans.
They are known to be social types of spiders and like to make their webs high up, often on telephone poles.
It is usually the female spiders who weave the webs.
One biologist explained: ‘It is a tactic to increase the area for catching food, usually insects.
They warned that there could be an increase in the population of arachnids due to the lack of natural predators in the area.
The disappearance of fruit trees has led to less birds and bats, the which eat the spiders, they said.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.150091
Retrieved Text: S'lisha traced her scaly claw over the transparent metal surface of the incubator. It was the most complex cargo crate that she'd ever seen -- heating and cooling coils all around the sides, a humidifier built into the base, and brackets inside to hold all of the eggs carefully in place. It had come with detailed instructions for all the settings -- cool at first, but warmer and moister over time.
The eggs inside were translucent, oval, and all lined up in rows. S'lisha could make out the dancing shadows of fetal creatures, angular and leggy, moving inside their membranous shells. S'lisha found their movements mesmerizing and had taken a moment to stop and watch them every day since the crate had arrived onboard.
She could swear that today the baby arachnids -- or whatever they were -- moved more slowly. She tapped her claws against the side of the crate, hoping to rouse them.
"Don't fiddle with that!" Greecha shouted. She glided across the cargo bay on her mechanical treads. "If the settings on this crate vary at all from the specifications, our buyer doesn't have to pay." Greecha was a robo-lifeform. She followed and enforced rules exactly as written, making her an extraordinarily reliable employee, but also an inflexible one.
S'lisha tried reasoning with Greecha anyway: "They're dying."
As soon as Greecha left the cargo bay, S'lisha experimented with the temperature and moisture settings on the incubator until the fetal shadows began moving again as they had before. Lively, lithe shadows. The sight of their dancing made the tip

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.859863
Retrieved Text: Arachnids are a class (Arachnida) of joint-legged invertebrate animals (arthropods), in the subphylum Chelicerata.
All arachnids have eight legs, although the front pair of legs in some species has converted to a sensory function, while in other species, different appendages can grow large enough to take on the appearance of extra pairs of legs. Almost all extant arachnids are terrestrial. However, some inhabit freshwater environments and, with the exception of the pelagic zone, marine environments as well. They comprise over 100,000 named species, including spiders, scorpions, harvestmen, ticks, mites, and solifuges.
Almost all adult arachnids have eight legs, and arachnids may be easily distinguished from insects by this fact, since insects have six legs. However, arachnids also have two further pairs of appendages that have become adapted for feeding, defense, and sensory perception. The first pair, the chelicerae, serve in feeding and defense. The next pair of appendages, the pedipalps, have been adapted for feeding, locomotion, and/or reproductive functions. In Solifugae, the palps are quite leg-like, so that these animals appear to have ten legs. The larvae of mites and Ricinulei have only six legs; a fourth pair usually appears when they moult into nymphs. However, mites are variable: as well as eight, there are adult mites with six or even four legs.
Arachnids are further distinguished from insects by the fact they do not have antennae or wings. Their body is organized into two tagmata, called the prosoma, or cephalothorax, and the opisthosoma, or abdomen. The cephalothorax is derived from the fusion of the cephalon (head) and the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.729422
Retrieved Text: ﻿﻿ arachnids - Garden Orb Weaver-North American Insects & Arachnids.
From (od) : VIBEO VI BIOS | Film & Animation | time (czas) 07:28 | count (liczba odwiedzin) 1046 | rating (ocena) 4.733333 | Advert. (polecamy) - promuj się z nami | Garden Orb Weaver-North American Insects & Arachnids..

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.683268
Retrieved Text: Insects have three main body parts, six walking legs, compound eyes, antennae, chewing jaws (mandibles – often secondarily modified) and posterior abdominal genital opening.
Relatively speaking – the ArachnidaSpiders and their relatives are called arachnids. Arachnids have the head and thorax combined (cephalothorax) with simple eyes, jaws adapted for tearing or piercing prey, a pair of pedipalps and eight walking legs.
Arachnids include spiders, scorpions, pseudoscorpions, amblypygids( tailless-whipscorpions), schizomids (micro-whipscorpiones), palpigrades, harvestmen, ticks and mites.
Spiders are the only arachnids that have special glands in their abdomen which produce silk.
A few spiders are so small and live such hidden lives that most of us never see them. Others are enormous.
Some of the smallest spiders in the world are anapid spiders, sometimes called armoured spiders because of the cuticular plates on their pinhead-sized bodies. Small spiders like anapids are usually found in damp, cool habitats like forest leaf litter and moss because their small bodies can lose water rapidly in dryer conditions. The largest spiders in the world include the South American Goliath Tarantula, some so big their legs can span a dinner plate. Such spiders may take decades to reach such a size. However, spider size is limited, partly because their respiratory physiology becomes less efficient at very large sizes.
Many spiders have unusual body shapes and colours.
Bizarre bodies can be helpful to spiders in various ways – to deceive and ambush prey, to capture particular sorts of prey, to avoid being eaten and to attract mates.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.65349
Retrieved Text: It’s as if Godzilla had a newt for a little brother. Thanks to their vicious pinching claws and venomous stinger, scorpions are famously predatory. While the danger from the venom is exaggerated, as only a few species can actually kill a human, they’re not something you want to meet on a dark desert night – unless you’re the scorpion-munching southern grasshopper mouse, that is.
Their cousins, the microwhip scorpions, however, are an altogether different kettle of miscellaneous scuttling things. As their name suggests, they are tiny – just a millimetre or so long – with whip-like tails instead of stingers. But because of their size and reclusive nature, hiding from the light in soil or in the depths of caves, this was practically all we knew about them.
Until now. An intrepid team of biologists have explored the Ardovská Cave in south-east Slovakia, where one species of microwhip, Eukoenenia spelaea, thrives.
“Most parts of the upper floor [of the cave] are covered with dark sediment rich in organic matter,” says team member Ĺubomír Kováč of Pavol Jozef Šafarík University in Košice, Slovak Republic. Humans lived there during the Stone Age, he says, and they left behind a layer of ash that has enriched the soil, helping to support some animal life, including a dense population of microwhips. Their findings reveal just how wimpy these little critters are.
Rather than using their unusually large mouthparts to tear apart tiny insects or mites, the team found that the microwhips eschewed the meat of other animals, preferring a diet based on microbes.
We knew

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.318537
Retrieved Text: I remember being fascinated by my father’s stamp collection. Not only was it a gateway to an incredible world of wonders, it was the biggest book of my parent’s bookshelf! I used to spend hours looking into it. One day, my dad bestowed upon me the greatest gift of all, he entrusted the collection to me. I have fond memories of continuing my father’s work.
The teenage years came and I moved on to other passions, such as keeping exotic animals. Almost four years ago, I renewed with my old hobby when I started researching stamps depicting arachnids. What first started as curiosity eventually became a project of creating an arachnid stamp catalogue. The philatelist in me had awaken.
This blog is an exhaustive listing of every arachnid related postal stamp I was able to source. One can decide how precise or how general a thematic stamps collection is to be. I decided to keep the horizons as wide as possible and included any subject that would remotely belong to arachnids. The reader will not only discover stamps with our beloved animals, but also inevitable stamps about astronomy/astrology (scorpio), Spiderman stamps, vague arachnid references (like a simple spider web for example) as well as arachnids shown on postal material but not on stamps themselves (generally on a souvenir sheet with stamps of a different theme). I would like to point out that for astronomy/astrology and Spiderman stamps, I decided not to collect them in an exhaustive manner (considering budget constraints). All the pictures in this blog are scans

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.160889
Retrieved Text: Water mites are arachnids with four pairs of legs (at least as adults). Mites have only one main body segment. Freshwater species are good swimmers which is made possible by the presence of swimming hairs on their legs.
Some feed on organic mater while some are parasitic and attach themselves to other invertebrates, like the damselfly in the photo below.
Ectoparasitic water mites are important parasites of aerial stages of aquatic insects. Their larvae parasitise semi-aquatic hosts and must detach while the host is in a suitable habitat for reproduction of parasite and host. Adult mites detach during tandem oviposition by the host. Detachment occurs only at a height up to 10 mm above water.
A female Xanthocnemis zealandica carring water mites. See text below photo.
2. "Almost all teneral individuals were parasitiszed (98%) and mites were aggregated strongly on some individuals. Parasite load increased during the season."
3. "Parasites had no effect on the probability of recapture of hosts as mature adults. The average daily survival rate of lightly- and heavily-parasitised individuals, estimated with Jolly's stochastic method, did not differ significantly."
4. "In 1995 parasites had a significant effect on host mating success. The probability of mating was about 25% lower for heavily parasitised males than for lightly parasitized males. Lightly parasitized males also mated more times than heavily parasitized males, even if heavily parasitised males lived longer. In 1996, parasitism did not have an effect on male mating success. In both years mites had no effect on female lifetime mating success."
Sitemap | Sites of Interest | Disclaimer © Copyright 2008-2019 -

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.131771
Retrieved Text: Arachnology is the science of arachnids, a class of arthropods with about 100.000 described species worldwide and certainly many more undescribed species.
Arachnologists study many aspects of the biology of arachnids. They are well organized and cross-linked. There is an International Society of Arachnology, a European Society of Arachnology and several national and regional Organisations.
The Arachnologische Gesellschaft tries to fulfill a bridging function between interested amateurs, state authorities and academic research in the field of arachnids, mainly in the German language area. To do so we offer contact and links to further authorities and data sources (the Atlas, collection portals). In the future we will offer access to literature and ecological databases and collections.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.957523
Retrieved Text: Bali Butterfly Park is a butterfly and insect conservation facility which exhibits a wide range of specimens through its park ground of approximately 3000sqm located in village Wanasari, 6,5 km north of Tabanan regency’s capital. Here, you will experience an educational and inspiring tour to see hundreds of butterflies from the 15 known species that thrive in Indonesian’s tropics, as well as various other insect and arachnids in extensive and informative displays.
Jatiluwih is a favorite tourist destination in Bali famous with the beautiful rice terrace unfolding from the foot of mountain until the coastal side. The local paddies are planted in this place look typically of the high relative size plant if it is compared with other pre-eminent paddy planted by most farmers in Bali . Despitefully, Jatiluwih also famous with its organic agriculture system due to the location is located in the in the plateau of Watukaru Mount which is suitable for the agriculture development.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.954765
Retrieved Text: Spiders are air-breathing arthropods that have eight legs and chelicerae with fangs able to inject venom. They are the largest order of arachnids and rank seventh in total species diversity among all other orders of organisms. Spiders are found worldwide on every continent except for Antarctica, and have become established in nearly every habitat with the exceptions of air and sea colonization. As of November 2015, at least 45,700 spider species, and 113 families have been recorded by taxonomists. Although spiders will eat some pests in house, but most of women and children will be afraid of them. You will hear "Ahhhh", "Helpppp" when they see them, and also the spider net will be hard to clean up.
Today we create the spider to help you, using ultrasonic and electromagnetic create an area let the spiders feel uncomfortable and even destroy their nervous systems. After several days(2-3 weeks) they will move away from your house, leave a comfortable environment for your family. Totally eco-friendly, no chemical, no drugs, no harmful. Join us and enjoy comfortable living environment without disgusting spiders together!!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.683157
Retrieved Text: This week's Monday Preview is a look at the Large Arachnids! These models are available to the Arcanist Faction. As six point Minions with Armor, Large Arachnids are fairly resilient. When you add in a decent attack and Unimpeded, these Minions are a good addition to your Arcanist crew.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.633575
Retrieved Text: What if a praying mantis decides to be an atheist?
No, really, think about it? What would you call it? A Prayer-Mocking Mantis? A Communist Mantis? A Mantheist? A bug?
I suppose it really doesn't matter what we call it as long as we respect it's rights to believe or disbelieve whatever it wants.
This probably only makes sense to me, but bugs don't bother me, unless they're bothering me. What I mean is, bugs, unless they are actively in my face, or buzzing me, or crawling on me, don't bug me. And by bugs, I mean insects, and insects only. Arachnids are a whole different story.
I'm not entirely sure what it is about insects vs arachnids that bothers me. I mean, arachnids have two body segments, insects have three. Arachnids have eight legs, insects six. So is it those two extra legs?
I don't know. But Insects don;t bother me at all. Spiders and scorpions? Kill them all with fire. Then kill their ashes with poison. Then kill the poisoned ashes with more fire. The only thing I hate more than ketchup are arachnids. (yes, spiders and scorpions are both arachnids). Even the dead ones give me the willies.
But, instead of continuing this subject and giving myself the heebie-jeebies, let's move along to the fact that it's Tuesday. Tell The Truth Tuesday, to be exact.
wasn't. It is true. Russia planned on delaying the Germans as much as they could with inexperienced women flying slow, out matched bi-planes. And, as fate would have it, they were exactly what the Russians

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.63196
Retrieved Text: Research published today in BMC Biology finds that whole genome duplication, a process in which an organism’s entire genome duplicates, occurred in the lineage leading to spiders but not their distant arachnid relatives, ticks and mites. Here to discuss this research and whole genome duplication in the ancestors of vertebrates and other chelicerates is author of the study, Alistair P. McGregor.
It is thought that gene duplication plays an important role in generating new genetic material for the evolutionary diversification of species. Gene duplication can be caused by several mechanisms and in the extreme case two copies of all of the genes in a genome can be generated by whole genome duplication (WGD).
In a recent study published in BMC Biology, my colleagues and I analyzed the genome of the common house spider Parasteatoda tepidariorum and we have found evidence for a WGD in the lineage leading to spiders.
This event was likely shared with scorpions and probably other arachnopulmonates like whip-scorpions and whip spiders, but not with more distantly related arachnids such as ticks and mites. This suggests that the approximately 45,000 extant species of arachnopulmonates evolved from a polyploid ancestor over 400 million years ago.
Our study also suggests that this WGD in arachnids was likely independent of WGD in another group of chelicerates, the horseshoe crabs. Our findings thus offer an exciting opportunity to discover more about the outcomes of WGD in terms of gene content and regulation, and how such events may contribute to animal diversification.
In the ancestor of vertebrates there were two rounds of WGD

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.579897
Retrieved Text: Research shows that our homes contain numerous insect and spider species, but not all of these arthropod species are pests just because they invade our homes. Most, or all of the arthropods that we share our homes with are entirely harmless to humans. Very few transmit disease or even cause painful bites or stings. In fact, most spider species that have been found to commonly infest homes may decrease the amount of bugs in your home, as most spiders consume both insects as well as other arachnids. In other words, allowing spiders to live freely within your home could be considered a natural pest control strategy. The particular arthropod species that are well known for inhabiting people’s homes are actually unique for how benign and harmless they are to humans.
Lice are well known parasitic insects that feed on skin and blood. However, not all lice are interested in slowly feeding on human bodies. For example, the common household bugs that are known commonly as Booklice (Liposcelididae) feed on mold, dead insects and various forms of organic matter. These insects get their common name from their tendency to crawl in between the pages of books. While booklice will not infest you or your pets, these tiny bugs have been found feeding on stored food products within pantries, but they are usually not abundant in such areas. Camel crickets are often spotted in basements and crawlspaces and they feed on bits of organic matter. These insects are notable for being able to jump relatively long distances, which, along

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.412827
Retrieved Text: TimmersGems - Palamnaersus black scorpion from Thailand in nice frame with glass.
Palamnaersus black scorpion from Thailand in nice frame with glass.
Scorpions (Scorpiones) are an order of arthropod animals which belong to the arachnids class. Scorpions are among the oldest known arachnids and are also seen as a fairly primitive group within this class. Scorpions are represented by about 1800 species, and many extinct species which are known as fossils. It is one of the few groups of animals whose representatives are all more or less look the same and hard with other animals can be confused. It is the only group of animals with venom glands including needle-like delivery device at the end of an elongated, muscular and very active part of the abdomen. Because they belong to the arachnids are scorpions most closely related to animals like spiders, mites, ticks and harvestmen. Nevertheless, they are simple in most other arachnids distinguishable by the elongate body, the gripping pincers and the thick 'tail' which carries a stinger. A scorpion is distinguishable from all other arthropods by looking at the following characteristics the combination of which is characteristic of scorpions; * Clearly flattened body. * Four pairs of walking legs and one pair of large projections on the front that everyone has a clear scissors. * An elongated part on the rear side which has a bulb end having attached thereto a spine-like protuberance. All scorpions are highly toxic to small animals, several dozen species are dangerous to humans. However, most scorpions are not able to kill

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.360163
Retrieved Text: Whether you love them, hate them or fear them, spiders are still pretty cool at the end of the day. The Natural History Museum's Spider Pavilion shows just how fascinating these arachnids can be. The pavilion, open until Nov. 2, is a walk-through habitat featuring roughly eight local and exotic web-weaving spiders. Featuring tarantulas, jumping spiders and wolf spiders, this interprative area demonstrates how arachnids are present in our everyday lives and how important they are to our ecosystem. Get creeped out or get up close and personal with all those legs.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.209925
Retrieved Text: Spiders are predators and almost all carry venom but their purpose is to kill insects, not attack humans. Whether spiders create webs for catching prey or dig burrows with trap doors, or hunt by chasing insects over short distances, their goal throughout the day (like some of us humans) is to – eat. Many spiders are beneficial outside of the home where they eat ants, crickets, flies, sow bugs (roly-polies), aphids, and other insects. Inside, spiders will help eliminate termites but most people prefer not to share the same living space with these arachnids!
Face of a Green Lynx (check out the hairdo) Is this a face to be afraid of?
The Garden Spider is an “Orb-weaver,” a beneficial Arachnid in garden Landscapes.
As more people are “Going Green” and are concerned about nature, many are beginning to see the beneficial aspects of spiders. In the outdoors, they act as natural pest control agents, ridding gardens of pesky pests that destroy plants and shrubs. Did you know…..spiders eat about 2000 insects per year? The perfect “orb webs” seen outside are made by Garden spiders and are designed for catching those pesky garden insects.
A spider in amber; the bubbles indicate that the spider was alive when it became trapped.
There are over 40,000 species of spiders throughout the world, with many more still unnamed. The oldest “true” spiders are about 300 million years. These early spiders had spinnerets (an organ for spinning silk) under the middle of their abdomens; modern spiders´ spinnerets are at the end of their abdomens.
Spinnerets on a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.916443
Retrieved Text: Introduces students to the arthropods that live in Sabino Canyon.
Creek Scene and Desert Scene can be used to investigate the insects and arachnids depending on water, weather, and season.
The Creek Scene uses nets and buckets to capture creek critters and identify them using magnifying glasses and identification charts. Students gain knowledge of common plants and animals that live in Sabino Creek and identify food chains found here.
The Desert Scene can be investigated year round. Students hunt for and record evidence of arthropod activity while learning about the behaviors (aka jobs) that arthropods display and the importance of their work to our ecosystem. Here also insect and arachnid scientific classifications are introduced.
In both Scene Investigations, the students examine large arthropod models to learn morphologic adaptations and explore the terms and stages of metamorphosis.
PO 3 Identify observable similarities and differences (e.g., number of legs, body coverings, size) between/among different groups of animals.
PO 1. Identify some plants and animals that exist in the local environment.
PO 2. Compare the habitats (e.g., desert, forest, prairie, water, underground) in which plants and animals live.
PO 3. Describe how plants and animals within a habitat are dependent on each other.
PO2. Identify the following major parts of: the digestive system – mouth, esophagus, stomach, small and large intestines, respiratory system – nose, trachea, lungs, diaphragm, circulatory system – heart, arteries, veins, blood.
PO1. Describe the life cycles of various insects.
PO3. Compare the life cycles of various organisms.
PO1. Formulate relevant questions about the properties of objects, organisms, and events in the environment using observations and prior knowledge.
PO1.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.79487
Retrieved Text: Have you just read that title and shuddered? Me too. And I was the one that experienced it! Quickly, a preliminary foreword about my viewpoint and ability to deal with insects. Normally I am pretty good and can cope with most things – spiders, wasps, centipedes, etc. This is despite a couple of traumatic experiences, including a wasp whilst working at ZSL London Zoo that was very determined and reduced me to tears and hyperventilating. I still have a scar, and it was over four years ago.
However, one thing that is guaranteed to help you deal with shudder-inspiring insects/arachnids is working with children. You just can’t freak out about them then, because that would encourage them to do so and that isn’t a great introduction to nature. So I’ve got over most of these fears, even the wasps.
This weekend, I realised that there is something I may never get over. Jumping spiders. Spiders in normal form, yes, they are usually ok (UK house spiders excepting, because the ones in my house are huge!). In the bush, I came across a small jumping spider (species unknown currently), and I was ok. It didn’t jump much and besides, it was rather cute. About the size of my little fingernail. All fine.
Sunday however. I was at the nearest restaurant using their WiFi, and suddenly there was a spider on my laptop screen. Initially, I wasn’t freaked out, although it did concern me whenever the spider tilted its head to look at me. And then the spider jumped.
Not onto me

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.7768
Retrieved Text: It’s not typically that bugs get whoops and cheers.
Lovers of science got their day within the rain Sat as they rallied around their passions, delivering clapping for the technology that brought their good phones to the plain theme of global climate change on Earth Day.
And whereas the March for Science was on the surface two-way, politics bubbled up once more and once more.
“Insects do not see borders and that they will climb walls,” Jessica Ware, AN organic process man of science at Rutgers University, aforesaid to clapping.
“We should teach our kids regarding evolution. we have a tendency to should teach our kids to like insects and arachnids,” Ware aforesaid, to howls of approval.
Because it absolutely was a march, protest signs abounded, from the funny (“I simply came for the pi” and “Without science, it’s simply fiction” ) to the sincere (“Science Saves Lives”).
Rain poured on the marchers situation the Mall however they stood with patience to clap and holler for a procession of speakers giving minute-long soundbites.
Bill Nye, a tv science somebody and professional person, noted that “science and therefore the helpful arts” area unit embedded within the Constitution.
“Yet these days we’ve active politicians deliberately ignoring and actively suppressing science. Their info is misguided,” he said.
Some March for Science speakers invoked loyalty and love of country as their motivation. “I am a subject. I fight for spacious skies. I fight for amber waves of grain,” aforesaid lensman James Balog, founding father of the acute Ice Survey and Earth Vision Institute.
The National Mall could be a parkland

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.709606
Retrieved Text: MINIZOOM-395 is the best focusable UV black light flash light on the market. Incredibly strong design that makes taking your UV energy to new places easy. This UV Flash Light Kit comes complete with one double AA battery ready to use. Kit also comes with a MAR-C0 Invisible Fluorescent black light blue pen. Now you can use the pen to mark your property, and secure your future.
There are countless compounds that glow under black light including minerals, plants, fungi and microbes. Other organic and inorganic substances fluoresce as well and when then do it is an amazing effect to say the least. Fluorescent materials can absorb UV radiation which is invisible to the human eye, and then emit it in the visible spectrum. The absorption of this UV energy causes electrons in the compound to jump to a higher energy levels and when they fall back, then emit a photon of light. These electrons cannot stay in the higher level because they are unstable making the return to a lower energy level a continuous operation as long as the black light is on it. Some substances used as pigments in paints or dyes that exhibit fluorescence attributes making things appear brighter under sunlight. Sunlight has black light in it and they absorb invisible UV light part of the visible light and re-emit it at visible light. This particular characteristic is the reason they are commonly used for safety signs, safety vests and other applications in which high visibility is important and or necessary. Animals see in

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.600075
Retrieved Text: Spider Treatment - Rosenbloom Pest Control, Inc.
Spiders are arachnids. Spiders have eight legs, six or eight eyes, and have fangs.
The venom that is injected into humans by spiders can be quite painful, however, only few spider bites can be fatal. A ‘dangerous’ spider possesses a venom that is toxic to humans and has the capability of delivering this venom in large quantities in a single bite.
Spiders are attracted to buildings that retain moisture because their food source, insects, are attracted to these buildings.
How can you get rid of my spiders?
At Rosenbloom Pest Control, Inc., our services include the necessary products for spider treatments. Our spider treatment experts use a product that is specifically tailored for spiders. It will not work on insects, as spiders are arachnids.
Rosenbloom Pest Control, Inc. uses the latest techniques to rid you of your spiders. We use products that are reduced toxicity and are registered by the EPA, and we carefully follow their guidelines for their application. Should any specific safety measures need to be taken, our highly trained service technicians will make sure you have a thorough understanding of them.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.427147
Retrieved Text: Our apartment is home to many creatures. Two homo sapiens, a few arachnids, 10-15 geckos, and a multitude of marching ants. The arachnids are elusive, and the geckos generally mind their own business, but the ants have become a nuisance.
The ants march in interminable lines across our yellow walls. We’ve set ant traps, sprayed their holes with deet in aerosol form, washed them down the drain, and rolled their little exoskeletons betwixt our fingers. We are keeping a clean kitchen and storing our food in plastic containers or in the refrigerator. Still they find reason to call on us.
The weather is humid, which is great for moisturizing one’s skin, but unfortunately, it also nourishes the mold garden in my closet. I tried to vanquish the mold yesterday. I hope it’s gone for good, because I’m tired of sneezing.
Who put “fun” in fungus?
Posted by Jennie Joy on June 10, 2007 in Relationship.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.334558
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'General Game Discussion and Questions' started by Menneisyys, Jun 7, 2009.
Despite the low price ($2), probably one of the best Tower Defense games for the iPhone is Sentinel by Origin8. The title is highly popular; no wonder a sequel has just been announced, slated for June. I highly recommend it - apart from the repetitive in-game music, it's excellent.
If you've ever played Tower Defense games, you already know how this one works. Therefore, I don't elaborate on the basics of the game (purchasing, placing, upgrading and selling weapons). Instead, I concentrate on real-world tips for surviving as long as possible.
- Base Bonus: this score depends on the state of your final, base, third gate. By default, you get 5000 points at the end of every wave if it's intact (there's no currently any damage done to it). If it needs repairing, you get far less (in general, under 2000) points.
- Barrier Bonus: this depends on how many of your additional gates are still intact. If both, you get (up to) 20000 points each wave, if only the second gate is intact, you can get (up to) 10000 points. If there's any (even the slightest) damage dealt to the gates, at least 5000 points are subtracted from this figure.
1. While it's certainly easier to comparatively easily let your first gate be destroyed around wave 35-40 by, for example, not backing it up with Beams, the additional several thousand points each wave can become a game-changer in, say, whether you can get onto the worldwide highscore

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.250957
Retrieved Text: The Arachnida include the terrestrial chelicerates that everyone is familiar with, and that nearly everyone would rather not be too familiar with: spiders (Araneae), ticks and mites (Acari), and scorpions (Scorpiones). Arachnids also include a number of less familiar taxa: Opiliones (harvestmen or daddy-longlegs); Thelyphonida (whip-scorpions); Pseudoscorpiones (false scorpions); and many others. Most are predators, and some are venomous. All are terrestrial, except for some mites and spiders that have become secondarily aquatic.
For more information on arachnids on the WWW, try the Arachnida pages at the Tree of Life, or visit the very comprehensive arachnology home page at Antwerp University in Belgium and this fine Arachnida Sources Listing.
Peruse the excellent Scorpion du jour pages for information on scorpions, or see some spider pictures on the arachnid mailing list homepage.
Petrunkevitch, A. 1960. Arachnida. P42-P162 in Moore, R.C. (ed.) Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology. Part P: Arthropoda 2: Chelicerata. Geological Society of America and University of Kansas Press, Lawrence, Kansas.
Shultz, J.W. 1990. Evolutionary morphology and phylogeny of the Arachnida. Cladistics 6: 1-38.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.130226
Retrieved Text: These tiny arachnids are both a pest and a health hazard. They feed on the blood of animals, usually mammals. While the bite itself is irritating, more concerning is the bacterium and viruses found in their saliva. Ticks carry a number of diseases that can be harmful to pets and people including Lyme disease and Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.035656
Retrieved Text: In this gallery, ASA showcases a collection of outstanding images of Asian spiders and other arachnids. Only top-class photographs with exceptional aesthetic and scientific merits will be selected. We invite you to submit your contributions to asaphotogallery@gmail.com. Selected photos will be credited, and copyrights will be retained by the respective contributors.

================



======= Instance Index 22 =========
Input Text: Given that ``There's still room for boutique properties,'' says James Barrett, president of MarCor Resorts Inc. Off the Strip, MarCor is building the Rio, a hotel-casino with a Brazilian theme and only 430 rooms -- all of them suites. Despite the proliferation of tourist distractions, Las Vegans haven't forgot that gambling is still what the town is all about. Therefore, it must be true that "gambling is still what the town is all about"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.379179
Retrieved Text: Ontario gambling execs to host casino information panel at Wasaga Beach Town Hall on February 21.
Talk of a new casino in the lakeside community of southeastern Ontario’s tourism-driven Wasaga Beach has been going on for far too many years now. City Council chose four potential locations for a gambling facility in 2012. They added a fifth to the list in 2015. Now in 2019, gaming officials are finally making their way to the community to talk casino shop.
Hopefully, between regulators, company heads and city leaders, they can start swinging a hammer towards nailing down a location. For now, though, the meeting is aimed at providing the city with specifics on how host municipalities benefit from gambling in Ontario.
The meeting will take place at Town Hall in Wasaga Beach February 21, 2019 at 1:00 p.m. The Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corp (OLG) and Gateway Casino will both have representatives in attendance. All councilors are welcome to take part in the information panel.
Ontario Gambling Finally Coming to Wasaga Beach?
According to yesterday’s press release by the Town of Wasaga Beach, there are two major goals set out in the upcoming meeting. First, the city will learn more about what it means to be a host municipality of OLG gaming. The OLG will handle that side of the presentation. Second, Gateway will talk about its success in other parts of Ontario.
Previously, town leaders had been considering offering an incentive to build the new casino on the beachfront property; one of the five locations deemed acceptable by councilors all those years

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.010483
Retrieved Text: Welcome home from your Summer vacation. A special welcome home to all of you who spent your vacation in Las Vegas or at any of its alike gambling town. By now you should know that everything that happens in Vegas, doesn’t stay in Vegas. Hotel bills with hidden fees, a marriage at the Little White Wedding Chapel, and taxable gambling winnings which you must report on your income tax return, will all follow you back home. But hey, you win some, you lose some – and vice versa – you can also deduct your gambling losses.
A “gambling income” is exactly what it sounds like: any money you win from lotteries, raffles, horse races, casinos, etc. Even those lucky $20 grocery store scratch-offs count. And there’s no way to avoid the system. If you pass on the cash and choose a new SUV or 7-day trip to Cancun, you’ll still owe taxes on the fair market value of your prize.
In general, you should record all your gambling winnings on the “Other income” line of Form 1040. So that’s where you’ll put down your $20 pay out from the grocery store scratch-off. But although all gambling winnings are taxable, some require extra paperwork. If you receive a certain amount of winnings or have any that are subject to federal tax withholding, you must get Form W-2G, Certain Gambling Winnings, from the payer. For example, you’ll need Form W-2G if you won $1,200 or more from bingo or slot machines.
Now for something that will make your bank account feel

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.413157
Retrieved Text: After spending a day exerting ourselves in our endeavors, it is a good thing to have an activity to help us relax, and for some individuals, this means taking part in gambling, betting on the lottery. In some circles, gambling is more of a professional thing while in other places, people do it just for the fun of it. Ultimately, it is the money we desire to make out of our hobby that counts the most. With this at heart, we would all desire to avoid having to move from place to place to enjoy out gambling experiences. Therefore, by engaging in online gambling sites, we can cut the hassles of conventional gambling techniques. This article will help you see the advantages of online gambling sites.
Firstly, online gambling sites are a cheaper option than their alternatives. For instance, if we go the way of conventional casinos, you would have to make laps around the town looking for a legit quality casino, and in some cases have to travel to other cities. The bottom line here is that you have transportation costs to wrap your head around. Equally, if you are going with relatives or friends, that may mean booking a motel or hotel thus you increase your costs. Nonetheless, with an ability to access the internet, you can easily enjoy the gambling experience.
Versatility is a massive trait that is present in online gambling websites. You can log in into your online gambling site at any time and any place. The beauty lies in the fact that

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.377844
Retrieved Text: Well, if you that "living in Jackpot" phrase is wrong, I am going to change your mind. It is actually possible. You only need to know how. For example, you google "hotels in Jackpot, Nevada." And you actually have the valid links to follow.
Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas! That is what we read when we arrive to this city. A lot of people would associate the name of the city with gambling in different shapes, some would say it is Sin City. But there are not many people all over the world, who know Jackpot.
We decided to equal this unfairness and tell you about the city with such a name. Could you ever imagine living in a town called that way?
Pretty weird. But if we have Saint-Petersburg, Paris, Plymouth, Berlin, Italy in the USA, why cannot we have Jackpo? It sounds more attractive and intriguing than others.
It is a small town in Nevada, close to Idaho border. Its constant population is around 1500 people. But at the same time it is a resort town. Of course you have no guess whyâ€¦ The city is situated in the utmost north-east corner of the state.
While Vegas is located on the south edge of the state, Jackpot attracts many people, as there are not many wanting to go across the entire land of Nevada to gamble. None wants to drive, ride or fly extra 400 miles to get to the gambling destination. That is why a lot of people choose Jackpot.
It happened historically. When Idaho state outlawed gambling, all

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.098688
Retrieved Text: No matter what they say, gambling has always been a matter of choice.
It is a choice of whether you sink deeper into the world of money or stay in the shallows; whether you reach the ‘high water’ or leave it all as it is.
For those willing to risk casinos still remain the right places to test luck and make some desperate wagers.
Even though you don’t gamble that much, it’s recommended for you to know the spots of the bettors’ greatest interest. Just for the fact, they are magnificent and famed worldwide.
Although London’s been always associated with high morals, a cup of tea and Big Ben towering over the city, it’s also proved to be a huge gambling centre over decades. If you feel like betting you may find plenty of casinos there, same as a great deal of online UK slots and bookmakers’ sites. However, one should mind that the facilities like the Ritz provide a strict policy about who’s allowed inside since the average wages rise up to £10,000.
The capital of Puerto Rico is famous for its known around the globe resort – the Ritz-Carlton San Juan Casino and Spa. Lots of tourists prefer spending their gambling weekends in San Juan, for the city offers quite a number of casinos, operating 24/7. As the sun sets the life starts boiling here, making you enjoy every minute of your vacation.
The city boasts more than 30 casinos and an exchange rate that’s one of the most attractive for tourists. People from Europe, Canada and the USA come

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.852081
Retrieved Text: Here I am sitting in our hotel room in Council Bluffs Iowa. But unlike last night I am sitting here alone. No my wife didn’t get mad and leave me; she is instead in a casino about 100 yards from our hotel room. Unknowingly I chose a hotel for the night in a casino complex. Gambling is just not my thing but Yvonne does like to play the nickel slots when she can. I’m not sure when she will be back. She said I wore her out today so she doesn’t think she will stay long. I don’t worry about her losing too much as she has more sense than that. But if she is not back in a couple of hours I will likely go searching for her.
Now on to today’s adventures. As was the case yesterday most of the day was spent in the car. But after my post last night about all the small towns we went through yesterday we decided to explore a little deeper on two towns that were on our trip route. The two towns we chose were Shelbina and Clarence Missouri. They both have a population of around 800 people and are about ten miles apart.
Shelbina still has some signs of life as shown in these pictures. There are about four streets in town with a still existing business on each street.
Clarence has pretty much had its vitality snuffed out without much hope for any real revival. About the only thing still open is a bank and a restaurant.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.813148
Retrieved Text: What is it about places like Las Vegas, Macau and Monte Carlo? What do these bastions of gambling have that make them seem so darn glamorous and appealing? I fall into that that category of players that casinos love to hate. If I play, I cash out the second I’ve turned a profit. I’m not that player who sets aside a fixed budget, only to exceed it to recover losses, no sir! Even if I put a miniscule amount into a slot machine and I double it, I’m out of there.
Here’s the thing, and I can say this with confidence because I’ve stepped into a casino enough times to know this: gamblers are a miserable bunch of people. I know this is a bit of a general statement, so if you’re offended or you consider yourself to be a well-balanced and functioning member of society who only gambles now and then, then good on you. If you’ve ever found yourself in a casino at 4am, you’ll know exactly what I’m talking about. Try striking up a conversation with that guy at the blackjack table who just about mumbles to the dealer amidst a constant haze of smoke. Or try and chat to the old bird at the slots who blinks every 30 minutes as she watches those reels spin with hypnotised glee. I can assure you, you’ll be ice-skating up a hill.
With Royal Vegas Online Casino the only thing you’ll need to move are your fingers! No travel, no fuss! Get all the best online casino

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.76207
Retrieved Text: The origin and history of casinos and gambling is unknown. However, there is a belief that gambling was present among the human society. It is vital to note that the Chinese recorded the initial gambling account practice in 2300 B.C. Going back to history, there are plenty of entertainment stories that are based on the Ancient Greeks, Games of Chance, Elizabeth England and the Romans to Napoleons. All these are evidence of the origins of gambling.
The first well-known casino in the world was the Casino di Venezia, which was established in Italy back in 1638. It is interesting to note that this casino is still operational to date.
It is worth noting that in the early 20th Century, gambling was outlawed in the U.S, which was done by the social reformers and the state legislation. This went on until 1931 when gambling was legalized in Nevada State and Las Vegas. In turn, this led to the sprawling of the initial legalized casinos in America, which later became quite famous.
Gambling continued to gain popularity and in 1978, gambling was legalized in Atlantic City. Today, this is the second biggest gambling city in America. Some of the other popular gaming destinations in America include Mississippi, Tunica Resorts and Biloxi in Gulf, Coast area.
The English are also not left far behind when it comes to gambling. History proves that the English were behind the development of Hazard. This game was the predecessor of the dice game as well as the contemporary poker games. Notably, the history of the poker games

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.621672
Retrieved Text: I’m having a terrible time with stress. I work full-time, take graduate classes and have a busy family life. My young daughter has severe ADHD and was having problems at school that took me away from work.
My job is stressful, but I love it and it pays well. Yet I am often sent out of town for weeks at a time and expected to perform to high standards. We are due to move for my job this June, and I don’t know where yet. In addition, we’ve been coping with a medical condition from my son.
On top of this, we were already coping with severe financial stress. My husband developed a gambling problem two years ago. When I discovered it, my first impulse was to leave. But I was eight months pregnant and terrified of the idea of having the baby alone while caring for our rambunctious daughter.
So I gave my husband a list of tasks he had to accomplish to stay with me. To my surprise, he did all of these, including seeing a counselor and putting his name on a list making it illegal for him to enter casinos. I’ve seen the paperwork. It’s not just his word.
Working to be frugal, we paid off half his gambling debt last year.
Yet for all the stress, I am deeply satisfied with my life, amazed even, at all we have overcome. The problem is my family and others make life harder. As a result, I cut off many people five months ago, including my mother and sister.
I

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.579815
Retrieved Text: Robert Notgrass - Is Gambling Right or Wrong?
IS GAMBLING RIGHT OR WRONG?
Well, much of America (over 50 million) is obsessed with gambling, spending more than 50 billion annually. In addition to this, there are lotteries, bingos, and church raffles which are also gambling. And, many Americans never think about gambling from the standpoint of right or wrong and for many who do think it is wrong, they have changed the label to “gaming.” So, gambling or gaming is big business.
Now, we could talk about the casino itself. There is no doubt that the house is in it to make a lot of money and if you will take the time to look at pictures of Las Vegas and other gaming areas, you will see that they are big and elaborate, and this was all built on the losses from people gambling. We could also talk about the fact that you are winning from those who have lost in the past, but I don’t think that will work. All of these things, while important to study, do not give us a clear answer if gambling is right or wrong.
So, what is the truth, as found in the Bible, pertaining to gambling? Well, to start, the word is not found anywhere in the Bible. And, there are many arguments that, I believe, will not hold up to the Scriptures, such as: Everything belongs to God theory. We know that everything belongs to God, but to say that it is a sin, from this standpoint, is not going to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.429316
Retrieved Text: You needs to I’ve realized is usually that seriously thinking about, a poor credit report find yourself outcomes about difficulties quicker his or maybe it is her’s alter. As an instance some has been saddled through a great health and additionally they will will would like big introduced dues more most likely to stuff. Maybe because of activity decrease as well as deficiency about manage nearer to finish an similar job. In a lot of cases seperated may quite deliver continuously the funds about the downward notice. Thank individuals showing all of the suggestions regarding it internet sites.
Why not just ask to set up a roulette wheel or a blackjack table???Oh…because that is gambling, and setting up your own private gambling establishments is illegal.Playing Bingo is gambling! You find lots of non-profit organizations running these nights, but they only get away with it by being non-profit! You cannot legally set up a for-profit bingo hall.
“Ceiling painting from the Hotel de Ville in Prague(I presume this is from the new town hall building [NovomÄ›stskÃ¡ Radnice] but I’m not sure. Anyone?)”I thought I was going to have a fast answer for you, but I discovered I was thinking of the wrong building, namely the new radnice in the Old Town, not the New Town radnice. Sorry.
That sauce sounds amazing! I love making homemade sauces because you can always tweak them and add different things–plus I kind of like knowing exactly what goes into my food!So cool you love to teach your classes and really get into em'–I think

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.424255
Retrieved Text: There has been a great deal of discussion recently over the long term prospects for our high streets. It is certainly true that every retail sector on the high street is under pressure from the online retailers, and it is also true that online gambling is having a similar effect on our betting shops. There are of course many different reasons why both online retailing and online gambling are increasing in popularity, but there is no doubt that increased choice is one of the most significant. Online retailing is far cheaper than selling from any high street or even out of town premises, so there is clearly more scope for aggressive pricing, but the internet also allows online retailers to display a much bigger range of product. Adding a new product range to an internet site is far easier than finding room for it to be properly displayed in a shop or showroom, which is why some of the big retailers now site computer terminals in their stores for their customers to access more of their products online. This increased choice is also clearly apparent when it comes to the online gambling sites. The online casino gambling sites in particular now offer a vast array of gambling games, ranging from the traditional casino games such as roulette and blackjack to literally hundreds of slots gambling games. In terms of gambling options no casino, arcade or bingo club will ever be able to compete with the online casino gambling sites. The same also applies to our betting

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.227547
Retrieved Text: Can Asia's Gambling Industry Continue to Thrive?
When Edmund Ho, Macau's first chief executive, assumed office on December 20, 1999, the former Portuguese colony near Hong Kong was a very different place. Hong Kong business mogul Stanley Ho had a monopoly on the region's sleepy gambling industry. The Triads, southern China's organized crime conglomerates, killed openly in the streets, and the economy was shrinking fast.
But on Sunday, when his successor Fernando Chui officially takes over on the 10th anniversary of Portugal's handover of its tiny holding to China, Ho will be leaving behind a place that's been transformed into the world's must lucrative gambling hub. Macau attracted nearly 18 million tourists and raked in over $12 billion in gambling revenue in the first 10 months of 2009  not bad for a local population of only 560,000. In terms of gambling revenue, Macau first surpassed Las Vegas Strip in 2006, and the city hasn't looked back, increasing the number of casinos from 24 in 2006 to 33 today.
Though Stanley Ho (who has no relation to Edmund) is still a major player in the gambling scene, his 40-year monopoly ended in 2002, bringing in stiff competition from the likes of Steve Wynn and Sheldon Adelson's Las Vegas Sands. The resulting casino and hotel boom helped Macau average double-digit GDP growth over the last seven years. The Portuguese may have first legalized gambling back in 1847, but Macau's economy has never before grown so fast or relied so heavily on the industry. Macau has bet the house on gambling

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.187225
Retrieved Text: « 4/10 Why is Italy afraid of online poker shared liquidity?
Four recent pieces of news from around Europe are all related, although they are about events in four different countries. Firstly, the Mayor of Riga, Latvia, not content with the closing of gaming halls (arcades with casino style slot machines) in the Old Town of Riga, has now demanded that most gaming venues in Riga be closed, excepting those in 4-star and 5-star hotels.
In Latvia, casino and gambling hall operators require two permissions in order to open a venue. One is a license from the State regulator to say that you are an approved operator; the other is a premises license issued by the municipal authority, the latter valid for five years. The Mayor is asking the City officials not to renew premises licenses and so if the Mayor gets his way, over a five year period all targeted gaming venues will have to close.
How did they get here? It’s a familiar story. There was no ability within the law to limit the number of gambling venues, so they popped up everywhere. At last count there were five casinos and over 120 gaming halls in Riga, a city with a population of 640,000. In all of Latvia in 2017, there were seven casinos and over 300 gaming halls, generating over €200 million of GGR. The two biggest operators in the country are Novomatic and Olympic Entertainment, who stand to lose a significant part of their business there. Will it stop at Riga or will other cities

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.153513
Retrieved Text: There is often a wealth understanding on the online market place about gambling and sports betting. How to start a gambling website, what exactly do people bet on, is really a betting exchange better rather than a sports book or casino website, or do users prefer betting online as compared to betting offline? What is lacking in the majority of these posts isn’t the information offer on starting a gambling website, but rather exactly where to begin. So Where do you start, i hear you ask? and how do start off? Would you require funding when deliberating on starting private personal gambling net site? Are there legal pitfalls in running a sports book or casino gambling online?
Asking these questions is just a tip for 45 76 151 161 this iceberg in knowing exactly what you are getting yourself into in operating betting exchange or several other gambling websites, but knowing responses will improve your chance or odds in running a successful online gambling site. In which do begins? You can search look around the online world and gather all details (highly recommended) on starting your own casino, running a proper betting exchange, or on providing a fair online sports book atmosphere to your users, but knowing practical ideas on how to make use of this information important in running your outfit.
Before many of us into utilizing the information you gather properly, you’ll probably decide to to visit some for these places when you’ve got not already done so: gambling forums, casino pages, sports website, news pages

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.029728
Retrieved Text: If gambling filled an enormous void inside your existence, was a getaway for the problems, and also the only factor you actually did for entertainment, it may harder that you should overcome a compulsive gambling addiction.
There’s very difficult fix or smart way for stated self-help for gambling. Basically there was, I wouldn’t be suggesting the reality.
I’m able to say, however, there are solutions for compulsive gambling you can use while you feel free work through your compulsive gambling addiction.
1.Come to a decision to prevent gambling, even it’s for your day. Fill your entire day along with other activities which are unrelated to gambling.Visit a film, have dinner with buddies, visit the library, or perform some shopping. Anything you do, don’t gamble.
2.Locate a counselor in your town if you think maybe that you can’t overcome a gambling addiction by yourself. Additionally, you will learn practical self-help techniques too, but you’ve got the one one support. Locate a counselor which specializes in compulsive gambling addiction.
3.Look for a Gamblers Anonymous group in your town. Group support is essential when you’re searching for methods to prevent gambling. Gambling problems help are available in organizations associated with gambling addiction, which is invaluable for you.
4.If you have the need to gamble again, have a couple of minutes to visualise what it really felt like for for your long ago in the casino. You almost certainly will feel this horrible feeling prior to you making the choice to gamble again. Is that this what you would like to feel again later today? That

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.759562
Retrieved Text: VegasMaster's Casino Toplists. Lamenting The Rising Costs of Gambling in Las Vegas. It is advised that users consult their local authorities or legal advisers.what really is the gambling age??? - Las Vegas Forum. United States;. Browse all 271,931 Las Vegas topics » what really is the gambling age??? Watch.Is online sports betting legal in the. since at the time Las Vegas was the only legal place to. state that the local gambling age must be met in.
The legal age for gambling in Las Vegas is 21. Casino floors and other gambling areas are restricted zones for anyone under the legal age. Although a visitor under the age of 21 may not stop or sit on a casino floor, many resorts allow minors to walk through gaming areas in order to access other facilities.
Nevada State on Lawful Gambling Age. What does Nevada, a foremost gambling state in the US, say about their gambling age limit? Persons below 21 years old are not.
UPDATED: some of the most Frequently Asked Questions on the TA Las Vegas Forum.Are There Curfews and Age Limits in Las Vegas? No Gambling Until You. Are there curfews and age limits in Las Vegas?. who are at or near the legal drinking age.At the current time the legal age for gambling or gaming in the State of Nevada is 21 years of age. There have been rumors that local government officials are considering reducing it to 18. If that happens this is the first place you will read about it, but until then assume it

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.670662
Retrieved Text: Ask yourself "How can I get rid of gambling? How to stop it forever? It's like a drug, it's so tempting. You've already passed some treatment and some special programs; your friends and family were providing you the maximum help. Butâ€¦How not to relapse, how to erase it from mind and brains forever?
It is said, that even if a person has listened to all gamblers' confession, and has already made his own, it still cannot be cured till the very end. Getting back on the gambling track is really evident. A cured addict will have the promising future for sure but as soon as he\she becomes sincere about getting rid of it.
You have to analyze all indebtedness that you've made during gambling addiction. During problem or compulsive gambling you have gotten into debts for sure, so now you're facing the period of wages of such sin. Make a list of all your debts, including borrowings, overdue payments, credit cards and cash balances. Now put it aside and make another step to complete recovery.
Blunting of addiction depression etc.
Convince others not to lend you money under any pretexts etc.
Get to know how to deal with horrible cravings. You have to sort out at what moments you are seduced to gamble; try to substitute all the casino images in your mind for another views. Try to play out the scenario of your gambling situation: imagine your spouse's face, think about loss bets just all the negative consequences. You have 20 minutes of such seducing situation due to the scientific

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.656122
Retrieved Text: Four of America’s most famous faces stare down at you from the towering peaks of South Dakota’s Mount Rushmore. It’s fun to stare up and wonder what each would have thought about modern developments like the Internet, and to ponder what position these titans of history would have taken on the issue of online poker.
The rest of South Dakota has certainly voted, with thousands from the state logging on to Internet poker sites every month, and thousands more visiting pages like ours to find out How to Play Online Poker From South Dakota.
We employ a very simple formula to create our list of recommended online poker rooms for South Dakota players. Valid, legal license to operate plus high-value rewards programs plus simple and fast banking equals an ideal room for a new online poker player. We followed that formula to the letter when putting together this list of poker sites.
Can Poker Players From South Dakota Play Internet Poker?
Anyone can play poker online, so what most people generally mean when they ask this question is whether or not it’s possible to play real-money games of poker from South Dakota. Good news: all of the US-facing poker sites you’ll find online accept players from South Dakota. The next question we hear quite often involves how you deposit at and withdraw from online poker rooms. While each poker site has different options, the most popular choices for poker transactions among South Dakota poker players are credit cards, cash transfer and check.
Any person who engages in gambling in any form

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.648073
Retrieved Text: In West Virginia, two prominent casinos are facing untold damages as their sportsbooks are temporarily suspended due to behind the scenes issues. Both the Mardi Gras Casino & Resort and the Wheeling Island Hotel-Casino-Racetrack have had their sports betting operations suspended at their brick and mortar sportsbooks and through their mobile app BetLucky.
The suspension was instituted last Wednesday, but wasn’t first reported until late Thursday to early Friday of late last week. A spokesperson for Delaware North verified the suspension on Friday. Heading into the weekend, things were still up in the air as to when this suspension will be lifted. On Monday, there are still no answers.
These locations are two of the only five casinos to offer sports gambling in WV, and the only two with online and mobile gaming. The Hollywood Casino at Charles Town Racetrack opened first, then the Greenbrier. The Mountaineer Casino, Racetrack, and Resort near Chester just opened recently.
The two casinos have promised to honor all outstanding bets that have been decided, but haven’t said anything about customers’ funds. Sports bettors who contacted support services weren’t given any news regarding when it would reopen or when their funds would become available.
Sportsbooks at the two WV casinos opened in late December and the mobile app for users was launched at the same time. West Virginia is one of only three aside from Nevada and New Jersey with legal mobile sports gambling.
On Friday, the West Virginia state senate voted 26-7 in favor of the West Virginia Lottery Interactive Wagering Act, which will allow

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.644108
Retrieved Text: Is Gambling Legal? - Is Online Gambling Legal In The United States?
Is Online Gambling Legal For U.S.A. Players?
Gambling in the United States is a bit of a cloudy and complex issue these days, and we think that it's important to have a basic understanding of factors that influence it. This article is dedicated to covering those things, some obvious some not, in order to educate readers on the legality of American gambling plus answer the all important question, 'Is gambling legal?' which is the reason for the page.
Keep reading as we're going to jump right into things starting with some information about the laws that follows immediately.
There are several gambling laws in the United States that relate to sports gambling, casino gambling, and playing poker... both online and in-person. But despite whatever these laws say, there is always some type of option that Americans can utilize even when living in the states with the strictest gambling laws.
The most basic of the gambling laws that extend across the United States begin at the state level. Most notably, gambling ages are decided by each state and are the first place to start whenever contemplating gambling over the Internet or at a local gambling hall. The minimum age to gamble usually varies from 18 to 21 and it is very important to know what that age is in your state because failure to meet that requirement can spell doom before you ever get strated. Those bettors who meet the minimum age requirements both in their state and at the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.570166
Retrieved Text: Find ccruise latest business, personal finance, company and economic cruie plus insight cfuise analysis for local and international companies. CHRC is a drug and alcohol addiction treatment centre unlike any other in Canada. Also, our approach to recovery is vastly different from traditional recovery models. Thousands of children and young people are losing money on penang gambling cruise which allow them to trade virtual items, gambling experts have warned. The Gambling Commission's annual report has, for casino lake charles louisiana first time, looked at the problem of so-called quot;skin bettingquot.
The items won - usually modified guns or. FatherSon, Female Role Model, Fighting, Friendship, Gambling Penang gambling cruise, Grandparents, Grieving, Human Rights TeachWithMovies. com; Create Lesson Plans from 425 Movies and Film Clips- social and emotional learning, emotional intelligence, character education Edgewood Health Network's mental health and addiction treatment centres are the largest and most experienced network of adult inpatient amp; outpatient treatment services in Penang gambling cruise. Franco Franco Cavaleri BScPhDc (ExperMedicine): Experienced Founder with a demonstrated history of working in the health, wellness and fitness industry.
Saks Fifth Avenue Opens Third Store in adresse geant casino villenave dornon Saks Calgary. (MJay Photography for Saks Fifth) The most recent research estimates that 6 percent of college students in the U. have a serious gambling problem that can result in psychological difficulties, unmanageable debt and penaang grades.
SPIRAL provides access to the following patient information documents created pennag non-profit health agencies and organizations. For information on how information is selected for inclusion, please see the SPIRAL Selection Criteria.
Learn more

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.530842
Retrieved Text: Like many poker fans, you may be worried about the passing of the Law Breaking Internet Gambling Act last year. Does the law make it illegal to play poker online?
First of all, you must know that even before the law was passed, online gambling was considered illegal by 11 countries. I assume this means that state law considers online poker illegal - I am not familiar with all state laws, but that is what I will conclude. The 11 states where online gambling is considered illegal - and still do so today - are Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Michigan, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, South Dakota, Washington and Wisconsin. I repeat, online gambling remains illegal in these countries. However, as far as I know, no one has ever been sued by any state for gambling online.
In California, where I register poker, the law does not equate "poker" with "gambling" but considers playing games, and professional poker players are not considered gamblers, but as professional game players.
After the law was passed, nothing really changed with regard to the legality of online gambling. As I said, it remains illegal in 11 states. But the law does not make online gambling illegal in the United States as a whole. Following this line of thought, logically there are 39 US states where online gambling is legal, as before the Law was passed.
However, there are still a number of online poker sites that accept real money players from the United States. If you are a US citizen and find yourself banned

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.528461
Retrieved Text: EMERGE Training. EMERGE stands for. EMERGE allows users to move at their own pace so that they can easily learn about the science behind gambling addiction and the.Gambling is a thriving form of entertainment in the UK, but may also become a form of addiction for some individuals. The psychology of gambling.
The Science Behind Bigfoot and Other Monsters. The authors of a new book apply the scientific method to the study of some very elusive creatures. View Images.
Behind the 8 Ball A Recovery Guide for the Families of Gamblers by Linda. the science fiction writer. effects of excessive gambling. Behind the 8-Ball is.Gamblers, especially habitual ones, have long talked about the rush. Ed felt it.
The Science Behind Curable. the first of which is pain science education. Once you have a basic understanding of how your brain, your body,.
His 20-year gambling habit had cost him his savings, his job, and his marriage.This video from the American Chemical Society takes a look at the chemistry behind addiction. Gambling Addiction and the. Can Brain Science Help Promote Good.
He scanned the brains of normal healthy people playing games of chance where a spinning wheel either won or lost them cash.Latest news and features on science issues that matter including earth,. Resting just above and behind the eyes,. Gambling addicts may,.The Science behind Nu Skin ageLOC. Published on August 1, 2016; Amanda Allen. Follow Following Unfollow Amanda Allen. Sign in to follow this author.Your brain is the most complex part of your body — and far more research needs to be

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.508179
Retrieved Text: Cementing his claim as the most successful Mighty Duck, Joshua Jackson is in talks to pick up another role in a reasonably high profile movie. With Fringe renewed and Cruel Intentions still beloved, he’s narrowly edging out Saturday Night Live star Keenan Thompson and Butterfly Effect support Elden Henson. In case you were wondering, the least successful Mighty Duck is Wu Wu Wu Kenny Wu who recently resorted to asking Kevin Smith if he could be in Hit Somebody. No word if that panned out.
The movie in question this time is called Lay The Favorite, and it’s a biopic about successful gambler Beth Raymer. She made a fortune betting on sports, only to reconsider it all after meeting the man of her dreams. This is the difference between men and women. Gambling biopics about men usually end face down in seedy motel rooms on the Strip. Gambling biopics about women usually end in them selling life rights to their stories.
Oscar nominated director Stephen Frears will helm Lay The Favorite with Town star Rebecca Hall and Whole Nine Yards actor Bruce Willis on board to topline the cast. According to Variety, D.V. DeVincentis is putting the finishing touches on the script. Once it’s completed, Lay The Favorite should go into production later this year.
In case you’re excited to find out where the rest of the Mighty Ducks have been, check out Josh’s article.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.499865
Retrieved Text: Horse racing is a sport that has been around for many centuries. The Ancient Romans used to race horses, and horse races are still popular throughout the world today. The state of Florida is home to many horse race tracks. Various other states also have many horse tracks. In addition to North America, there are a number of horse tracks in other parts of the world. Special race horses are bred and trained to run very fast around a track. Some horse races include both race horses and jockeys. Other horse races only consist of horses that run really fast. People like to be on horse races, but you can enjoy watching horses race without placing any kind of bet. If you have a horse track in your town, consider stopping by the track to see what horse racing is all about.
If you can’t make your way to an actual horse track, think about taking part in online horse races. While online tracks aren’t quite the same as real tracks, these tracks are still a lot of fun. A number of online gambling sites offer horse races that you can bet on. If you’re more interested in learning about the sport, the horses, or how to become a jockey, you can find this information online too. In fact, you can begin by looking at our Horse Racing Directory. We collect and post information about horse racing, so that you can find what you are looking for. There are many different parts to any given horse race.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.451963
Retrieved Text: All self-respecting pro gambling aspirers have, at one point or another, read books about gambling, the industry and how to make it big in a financially risky market. Be assured that most, if not all pro gamblers are self-taught and most likely acquired quite a bit of knowledge from reading good books. The following 5 books are the best on the market still, regardless of their publishing dates.
Of course we are going to start with a book about strategy as no player can survive the game without first knowing the rules. Following its predecessor Gambling 101 that gives a complete outline on how to play the games, Gambling 102 goes deeper into the subject and teaches he who knows how to listen how to play your best games effortlessly. Written by Michael Shackleford, and out in paperback edition on June 2005, this book is still on the top of the list for learning best odds and strategies when gambling.
Last released in 2009 as paperback and quite cheap to purchase, we might add, Winner takes all is an account of Las Vegas’ most infamous casino moguls. The trio, although working independently to provide the flashiest, most exhilarating experience to their customers, has three very distinct personalities, but is united by a single vision. Kirk Kerkorian, Steve Wynn, and Dr. Gary Loveman’s story will shed the light on how Las Vegas became what it is today.
You can never know a thing for real if you do not go back to its roots. Go back to basics with this

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.449373
Retrieved Text: South Dakota has an interesting gambling history that's steeped in the legendary Deadwood and Black Hills Gold Rush. This lawless settlement came to be well known for its gambling halls, gold mines, and saloons.
The days of the Wild West are long gone. But South Dakota still includes much of this liberalism in their gambling laws today.
They offer most forms of gambling, including commercial casinos, lottery games, poker, racing, social gaming, and tribal casinos.
But the Mount Rushmore State is surprisingly harsh on internet gambling operators.
Most states don't have specific language aimed at internet gambling sites. But South Dakota actually dedicates multiple passages to the activity - none of them good for gamblers.
This state makes it clear that they don't want offshore operators within their boundaries.
But as you'll find out below, South Dakota's laws have provided little deterrence for offshore gaming sites.
Is Online Gambling Legal in South Dakota?
"For the purposes of this chapter, the term, bet or wager, means to directly or indirectly take, receive, or accept money or any valuable thing with the understanding or agreement that the money or valuable thing will be paid or delivered to a person if the payment or delivery is contingent upon the result of a race, contest, or game or upon the happening of an event not known to be certain. Bet or wager does not include the purchase, sale, or trade of securities or commodities under state or federal law."
This law outlaws accepting any type of bet, which makes real money online casinos, poker sites, and sportsbooks illegal.
"Each bet

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.428139
Retrieved Text: It's a pity, but Euro Palace Casino doesn't accept players from your location.
I love the gambling houses that go on developing and improving no matter how good they are. Yeah, fortunately, Euro Palace Casino is one of them. The gambling house is still based on Microgaming. Still, the conditions become much more attractive.
Celebrate the start of your gambling way in the casino with $500 free cash. You are to follow the steps and use the bonuses during certain games, great chance to grow rich fast.
Even the players who enjoyed all offers for new members can become pleasantly surprised. The set of bonuses is not over and there are still some exclusive promos for everyone who is eager to experience more games. Check the full Euro Palace casino review now.
This promotion is divided into the first 3 deposits of €$10. They are 3 Match bonuses 100% up to $200. The maximum amount you can get for one deposit is €$600 free. NOTE: every next input should be made within 14 days. As soon as the transaction is made, free bonus cash will be transferred into your casino account.
If you like slots games and you are sure in your luck, then you can become a Slots Master in Euro Palace. Try to win Weekly Prizes in slot machines’ tournaments. You can read about it more in details on the casino’s site, as well as about other weekly promotions, which are provided by the gambling house with T&C apply.
Once you are ready to make the 3rd investment, hurry to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.371399
Retrieved Text: Five newspaper employees are dead after a shooting at a community newspaper, The Capital Gazette, in Annapolis, Md.
After learning about this tragedy my heart sank and I shook my head in dismay. I know what it’s like to work at a newspaper and face an attacker who could kill. Our attacker had a longstanding dispute with the town and, at times, our newspaper.
That’s exactly what happened to me and members of my staff at the Sky-Hi News in Granby, Colorado on June 4, 2004. Marv Heemeyer, in the midst of his Killdozer rampage in Granby, also decided to destroy the main offices and production plant for the Sky-Hi News. I worked there as a managing editor and publisher for the Grand County Newspapers.
I was standing in the front of our building as we were covering the Killdozer rampage. The Killdozer, a Komatsu bulldozer that Marv Heemeyer had turned into a tank, complete with armor and guns, slammed into the building, making the front 18-foot-high wall collapse. If I had tripped at that moment, I probably would not have made it out of the building alive.
Heemeyer drove the dozer in and out of the building several times, destroying it completely. As I ran to the back of the building in an effort to escape the building was literally collapsing around us. Drywall dust and the acrid plumes of crushed concrete filled the air. The dozer engine roared and the treads on the bulldozer-tank squealed, as if a giant was scraping his nails on a blackboard.
I always knew

================



======= Instance Index 19 =========
Input Text: Given that During that pause I realized that Mala had not been offered a seat, nor any food or drink. The Emissary and his people were behaving as if she simply wasn't there. I could see that she was scowling and stiffening into a Mark 2 temper so I gave her an encouraging smile - which raised her as I expected to a Mark 3. Therefore, it must be true that "Mala was scowling and stiffening into a Mark 2 temper"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.380508
Retrieved Text: nowaysj wrote: Look at when Jedi's die, and then they become kind of shimmery and holographic.
.... 2Pac was a Jedi??
At the Medi Outlook boat last year he kept wandering about the crowd skanking out.
I saw Mala at a shop in London yesterday. I told him how cool it was to meet him in person, but I didn’t want to be a douche and bother him and ask him for photos or anything.
I was taken aback, and all I could say was “Huh?” but he kept cutting me off and going “huh? huh? huh?” and closing his hand shut in front of my face. I walked away and continued with my shopping, and I heard him chuckle as I walked off. When I came to pay for my stuff up front I saw him trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen Milky Ways in his hands without paying.
The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like “Sir, you need to pay for those first.” At first he kept pretending to be tired and not hear her, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter.
When she took one of the bars and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually “to prevent any electrical infetterence,” and then turned around and winked at me. I don’t even think that’s a word. After she scanned each bar and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.27755
Retrieved Text: Download this free EP from soon to be Portuguese Bass Underground giants SR Mala Noche & King Kong.
SR Mala Noche & King Kong are 2 of Portugal’s hottest exports. They have been making some of the most moving and innovative bass music for the past few years. They are being recognized worldwide as 2 emerging names from The Portuguese Bass Underground that you need to follow to monitor the growing influence of that scene.
On this EP, they work on 1 track together and gave it the Portuguese Bass Underground treatment. The other 2 tracks have been flipped by SR Mala Noche alone.
1. “Ta Me Da Gula” is a track originally by Yudi Fox ft Sander and they liked the original Kizomba version and decided to give it a kind of Kizomba-Club vibe. They left the vocals intact as on the original and added club elements. The riddim is still a “Dembow” but they flip the track into something way more modern and palatable for the masses.
2. Future – Honest. SR Mala Noche liked the piano part of this track and so he looped it all over the track to give it a “soul feeling”. He played around with the vocal cut for the drop and added some Baile Funk elements.
3. Vybz Kartel – Ever Blessed. SR Mala Noche loved the original so much and the smooth vocals which were kept as they were. He flipped the track into a soul dancehall beat to give it that added emotion.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.270952
Retrieved Text: Sanjay Narvekar - Deva Mala Roz Ek - Tula Shikvin Changalach Dhada - Marathi Song a video uploaded by Rajshri Marathi, With duration 3 Minutes 35 Seconds, You can also download Sanjay Narvekar - Deva Mala Roz Ek - Tula Shikvin Changalach Dhada - Marathi Song in low to high quality video file format and published from Tuesday November 30, 2010 that is almost 8 Years, 4 Months and 25 Days from now. this videos was viewed for 92,103 (Ninety-two Thousand, One Hundred And Three) times and 244 (Two Hundred And Forty-four) viewer send and mark this video a big like and thumbs up. 7 (Seven) count of reviews were created and published with the thread.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.209948
Retrieved Text: 6mm (shown) / 1" 6mm (shown) / 2" 6mm (shown) / 3" 6mm (shown) / 4" 8mm / 1" 8mm / 2" 8mm / 3" 8mm / 4"
Lovely African Blue Opal (Terra Jasper) combined with a pop of Rose Quartz, The colors are stunning. This is a natural stone which has not been dyed or heat enhanced. The stones are spiraled with hues of blue, rust, greens and beige. This mala wraps around the wrist x4. This mala is hand knotted on rose nylon thread for strength, beauty and durability. The mala is finished with a 10mm African Opal Guru bead and a hand made linen tassel wrapped with rose thread. October Birthstone.
The Tassel on a mala is the marker of the 108th, it also represents enlightenment and opens up the third eye chakra connecting us to the divine.
Total Length of Mala is: 31"
Rose Quartz is the stone of the heart chakra (anahata). It is the "love stone" not only bringing more love into your life, but enhancing that unconditional love in your heart for yourself and others. Rose Quartz is considered a "happy" stone, it aids in decreasing stress in the body.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.09929
Retrieved Text: In middle-aged and older people, better flexibility in their body was associated with less arterial stiffening. It is exciting to see how modern science is confirming yogic knowledge.
Flexibility is one of the main aspects of physical fitness along with cardiovascular fitness, muscular strength and endurance. Most health clubs emphasize cardiovascular fitness and muscle strength, giving only an occasional class that will improve flexibility, such as yoga.
As we get older it is normal for our arteries to begin to become stiff. No one knows the exact cause of this stiffening but it begins to occur in middle age. It has been shown that higher levels of physical fitness seem to delay the the development of the age-associated stiffening of our arteries. We know that this stiffening of the walls of our arteries has been found to be an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease like heart attack and strokes as well as death. None of us want stiff arteries for it is just logical that blood will not flow as well in a stiff artery.
In a recent article by Yamamoto, Kuwano and others,(1) the authors evaluated over 500 non-obese Japanese adults who had no sign of chronic disease based on their history and a physical examination including blood tests. None of the people in the study were on medication. They divided the group up into young, middle age and older patients.
The authors were testing the hypothesis that a less flexible body would have more arterial stiffening.
In addition to age, the people in the study were then divided

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.954563
Retrieved Text: I began meditating when I was going through the police academy as a way to help me feel more energized after getting very little sleep. That was over 4 years ago and has since then turned into a habit I try to implement into my life daily.
Meditation is not as simple as sitting and closing your eyes. It takes time and practice to develop the habit and improve your concentration.
That being said, there are tools you can use to help you along your meditation journey to improve your focus and add to your meditation practice, such as mala beads.
What are mala beads? Mala beads, also known as malas, are a set of beads made out of wood or gemstones that are used during meditation in which the beads are counted to keep track of times a mantra is recited.
In no way do I claim myself an expert in this area, which is why today we have answers to all your questions about mala beads from expert Timothy Burgin, the owner of Japa Mala Beads.
What is your background, and how long have you been using/making mala beads?
I have been practicing Japa meditation for about 20 years and making malas for nearly 15 years. I started making malas in 2004 after my first mala broke.
After a lot of searching for a replacement, I realized that it would be best to make my own mala instead of settling for a cheaply made one. After making about six malas, I decided to try and sell them online, and that’s when

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.799664
Retrieved Text: The Sapana Mala is made from 108 amazonite mala beads. Antiqued Tibetan Silver lotus guru.
Opening the heart chakra, harmony, compassion, truth and manifestation.
This elegant mala is made from amazonite mala beads. These healing energy gemstones empower us to manifest our dreams and desires, and magnify our intentions. Hold amazonite while affirming aloud what you wish for. Amazonite is a gemstone of feminine energy, and opens the heart and throat chakra. Amazonite is a gemstone of communication. This includes expression of the truth of the heart. It is believed to heal the heart and throat. A beautiful silver lotus is used to mark the beginning and end of the mala beads. The lotus is the symbol of transformation.
In addition, gemstone amazonite is believed to be a stone of truth and harmony, both within the self and among people. Meditation with these mala beads can bring an awakening of compassion through the heart chakra. We recommend this mala for anyone whose practice focuses on truth and harmony on and off the mat.
The sacred guru bead is antiqued Tibetan silver lotus. It is light to wear and gives the piece an intricate focus point. It has a detailed finish and is interesting to touch.
Makes a lovely necklace or wrapped bracelet off the mat. Keep it with you throughout the day as a reminder of your intentions and practice.
Repeat this mantra before sleep for lucid dreaming.
An aromatherapist at Rosehip Wellness inspired this design. The gemstones open the heart chakra and help remember dreams. An antiqued silver lotus is the guru.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.585331
Retrieved Text: Winding up the set list for this week. There are a lot more women’s voices this week- Lady Laistee, Mala Rodriguez, Princess Anies, K-Reen, more songs with singers that carry melodies. Last time was a real sausage party. It got to be a bit much at about the 2 hour 20 minute mark.
But I am bringing music for people to get up and dance to, and that’s what my mission is, as I see it. Different worlds….
Traktor DJ Studio continues to be a real delight to work with. I start to fall in love with it, and then it does something completely unexplained and annoying, like wipe out the complete playlist from the 19th. I was saving that. God, when i finally pay for the upgrade, I hope they have some of this stuff fixed.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.422688
Retrieved Text: Ruby volunteered with Peace Mala for 2 days a week for 3 months in the summer of 2008.
I have learnt so much from working here at Peace Mala about all of the different faiths and how they can work together. As an agnostic myself it has also opened my mind to other belief systems. I've met so many really interesting and inspiring people who get involved with the project and I have really enjoyed my time at Peace Mala.
The Peace Mala itself is a great idea because it's so simple and easy to understand and I've seen how enthusiastic teachers are about using it in the classroom.
Hopefully this project will encourage young people across the world to become more tolerant of each other.
Mostafa is from Alexandria in Egypt. He spent a few days with us this summer as a Global Xchange VSO volunteer.
Peace Mala was my first knowledge of the different religions and belief systems in the world and how they all aim for the same thing. The Peace Mala project shows how we are all equal. Such knowledge enlightens the soul, opens the mind to the basic truths of life and encourages respect in all relationships. Everyone can learn from Peace Mala. I spent a few days working for the project and learned so much.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.127707
Retrieved Text: May I introduce one of the coolest guides I have come in contact with. Well, we will use the term guide for simplicity's sake, even though they are referred to as rangers at Mala Mala. I met Matt Meyer back in April when I spent four nights at Mala Mala Main Camp, and my friend Al and I had a private vehicle during our stay. Matt was always entertaining, professional and one heck of a good guide. He knew what we were after before we even had to utter the word l-e-o-p-a-r-d to him.
If you make it to Mala Mala, be sure to punch Matt in the shoulder and tell him hello from me. Between my visit in April and another friend's trip in September, we have been able to get Matt into photography with a Canon 20D and a 28-300mm L lens. He is in the heart of excellent photography territory, and he is capturing some amazing images. He was shooting jpg when I met him, and is now in the thick of processing raw files.
I look forward to being back in Mala Mala when I return in August 2010 for my African Wildlife Photography Boot Camp. We will be visiting Mashatu for 4 nights in Botswana and also 4 nights at Rattray's at Mala Mala for 4 nights. We have exclusive use of these camps, which means we have all of their vehicles just for our group. Add in some charter air flights between all camps and Joburg, and you have over 180 pounds

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.940413
Retrieved Text: 2014-11-26 Assigned to AMERIWOOD INDUSTRIES, INC. reassignment AMERIWOOD INDUSTRIES, INC. ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST (SEE DOCUMENT FOR DETAILS). Assignors: COSCO MANAGEMENT, INC.
2016-09-29 Assigned to DOREL HOME FURNISHINGS, INC. reassignment DOREL HOME FURNISHINGS, INC. CHANGE OF NAME (SEE DOCUMENT FOR DETAILS). Assignors: AMERIWOOD INDUSTRIES, INC.
A table includes a leg anchor. The leg anchor is coupled to a leg of the table and is embedded in a core of a table top to couple the leg thereto. The core is positioned in an interior region of a shell of the table top. A lower shell member of the shell provides an underside of the table top and includes a rim and a stiffening rib arrangement that cooperate to provide a channel for receiving the leg.
Foreign priority is hereby claimed under 35 U. S. C. §119 to Chinese Patent Application No. 01268946.7 filed in the People's Republic of China on Dec. 8, 2001 and Chinese Patent Application No. 01280168.2 filed in the People's Republic of China on Dec. 29, 2001, the disclosures of which are hereby incorporated by reference herein.
The present disclosure relates to tables. In particular, it relates to support and strengthening of components of tables.
Tables typically include a table top and one or more legs to support the table top. There are a variety of ways to mount the legs to support the table top. In some cases, the legs are arranged so as to be fixed against movement relative to the table top. In other cases, the legs are arranged for movement between, for example, use

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.884855
Retrieved Text: All your favourite meat, mushroom and vegetables coated in deliciously spicy mala (麻辣) sauce! The dish is super addictive as the aromatic peppercorns leave a numbing, tingly sensation after each mouthful and simply makes you want to eat more. This Mala Xiang Guo recipe is from home cook Wiffy, who is a foodie and loves sharing recipes on Noob Cook.
Your favourite meat, mushroom and vegetables coated in spicy and numbing mala (麻辣) sauce!
We love our chilli sauces and we're absolutely obsessed with this Mala Xiang Guo recipe. It is quick to prepare and really straightforward to make. Anyone can prepare this delicious meal. The most essential ingredient here is the instant mala paste and you can purchase it from the local supermarket.
The Mala (麻辣) sauce originates from China in the provinces of Si Chuan and Chong Qing. It consists of chilli pepper, various herbs and spices. In China, it is cooked and simmered in oil, served in the style of a hotpot. This sauce has then made it's way to Singapore and been modified to a less soupy version.
The aromatic peppercorns leave a tingling numbing sensation that makes this dish absolutely addictive!
Let's share how you can recreate this popular Singapore-style Mala Xiang Guo at home. Firstly prepare all your favourite meat or seafood, mushrooms and vegetables. You can choose any desired type of noodles as well. Parboil the ingredients and set it aside.
Prepare all your favourite meat, mushrooms and vegetables. Parboil the ingredients.
In a wok or pan, stir-fry the garlic and chilli till fragrant. Next, add

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.778427
Retrieved Text: Sports News, Nation, (New Delhi), April 12:-‘Captain Cool’ MS Dhoni lost his temper and barged into the field during the nail-biting finish of his team’s encounter with Rajasthan Royals at Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur on Thursday.
“I know there’s pressure from owners and big money involved in the IPL but I’ve been very disappointed with the 2 incidents involving the skippers of there respective teams in Ashwin and MS. Not a good look at all,” Mark Waugh, the former Australian cricketer tweeted.
“This is not a good look for the game … No place at all for a Captain to storm onto the pitch from the Dugout … !! #IPL,” Michael Vaughan, former England captain tweeted.
Dhoni was fined 50 percent of his match fee after his on-field altercation with the umpires.
Kapusi to CM: Why are you running away from Varuna?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.734407
Retrieved Text: The method comprises the following steps of: providing a substantial flat blank (19) of composite material; and folding said blank (19) along a first folding line (13), the curvature of which is defined by an imaginary three-dimensional intersection line (115) being derived from the radius (R) of curvature of the curved shell surface (9).
The present invention relates to a method for manufacturing of a stiffening element of plastic according to the pre-characterising part of claim 1, and to a stiffening element of plastic according to the pre-characterising part of claim 11, and also to a stiffening element structure and to a curved shell panel and a method of manufacturing thereof according to the preamble of claim 14, 15, 17 respectively. The present invention relates, but not limited, to aircraft industry.
Methods of manufacture of composite materials using “prepreg” material (layer of fibre material previously impregnated with resin) exist today. When manufacturing of stiffening elements, such as aircraft ribs, frames etc., the composite material may have a curvature following a curved shell surface of a fuselage. It is today time-consuming to form an aircraft rib comprising a web and flanges of composite material. Manual work for application of prepreg material is required since it is difficult to provide that the fibre material follows the curvature of the rib or frame. Especially Z-shaped and Ω-shaped ribs of composite are difficult to manufacture since the fibre material tend to not follow the curvature.
EP 1 547 756 discloses a method of manufacturing C-shaped spars providing one type of fibre material being

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.716393
Retrieved Text: This is one of the most powerful Mala made by combining Rudraksh beads of 1 mukhi in centre, Gauri Shanker, two beads of 2 Mukhi to 11 Mukhi of highest quality and collector grade from Nepal. This high power mala provides wearer the blessings of eleven forms of Lord Shiva with abundance in wealth, good health, spirituality and fulfillment of desires. This mala is very effective for enhancing luck of the wearer. All the beads are highly energized and carefully selected, making powerful mala for a multi-disciplined approach. This energized mala has the power of beads from one Mukhi to eleven Mukhi along with Gauri Shanker Rudraksh.
According to Dharm Shastras, wearer of this siddh mala is freed from sins of eleven births, diseases and sickness. This is very effective for controlling blood pressure, heart problems and Diabetes. Energised Rudra Kanth Mala helps realise dreams and fight against dreaded disease. Should be worn by people wanting to live healthy and lucky life. It is an extremely blessed mala and provides protection against many evils and perils.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.653482
Retrieved Text: Buy Rudraksha Mala (Special). Rudraksha Mala (Special) price in delhi, india.
Buy Rudraksha Mala (Special). Rudraksha Mala (Special) price in delhi, india. All mukhi Rudraksha, (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14, Ganesh Rudraksh, Gauri Shankar), Sphatik Samagri, Parad Samagri, Shankh, Jap Mala, Gold polished Yantra, Bhojpatra Yantra, Pooja Samagri, Luckystone, Navratna ornaments etc, all types of Astrological Products are available.
Bhagwan Shiva blessed Rudraksha mala Mantras has the capability of blessing the wearer by other gods as well. The most powerful Rudraksh mala mantra is Gayatri Rudraksha Mala Mantra. There is also different Powerful Rudraksha mala mantra like Vishnu Rudraksha mala mantra, Saraswati Rudraksh mala Mantra, Lakshmi Rudraksh mala Mantra, Ganesh Rudraksha mala Mantra, Ram Rudraksh mala Mantras etc.
1 - Rudraksh mala (Special) is used in Reciting or chanting Jap, Mantra of Lord Shiva and many other Gods. It is said in the ancient scriptures that almost all the gods get easily pleased, if someone chant or repeat Mantras from Rudraksh mala.
2- Rudraksh Mala (Special) could be worn in the neck or around wrists but it works best when worn around the neck. It is famous that one can please god Shiva easily some by wearing Rudraksh Malas. The usefulness and significance of Rudraksha is mentioned in every religious book. Buying Rudraksh mala washed out all Sin/mistake of our past life.
3- Rudraksh mala (Special) is offered to lord Shiva in Temples to please him and get his blessings. Rudraksha mala in lord Shiva’s favourite and easily available. You can always compare the Rudraksha Mala price online. One will get protections, power, blessing and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.62216
Retrieved Text: Pure rudraksha mala, 54 inches in length (with large rough beads, each bead is approximately 1/2 inch in size). Total there are 108 beads in the mala (this mala may be used either for japa or for wearing on the neck). If you are looking for higher quality, finer beads, you should purchase the 33 inch mala instead, as this is a rough mala.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.572565
Retrieved Text: Bailey Hannon, Jieming Fu, A Thomas Read, Machelle T Pardue, C Ross Ethier; In vivo assessment of visual acuity following genipin-induced scleral crosslinking. Invest. Ophthalmol. Vis. Sci. 2018;59(9):2024.
Purpose : Scleral stiffening has been proposed as a potential therapy for glaucoma. Several studies have evaluated the use of genipin, a natural collagen crosslinker, to stiffen the posterior sclera ex vivo. However, ocular administration of genipin has not yet been studied in vivo and its effects on visual and retinal function are still unknown. Thus, we aim to assess visual and retinal function in vivo following genipin-induced crosslinking of the posterior rat sclera.
Methods : Nine male, retired breeder (9-12 months old), Brown Norway rats were anesthetized and received retrobulbar injections of 15mM genipin unilaterally (concentration based on preliminary in vivo scleral stiffening data) and vehicle contralaterally. The injected volume was 100µl per eye, divided into two 50µl injections, one to the nasal quadrant and one to the temporal quadrant. Visual function was evaluated by spatial frequency thresholds from optomotor response experiments and retinal function by full-field flash electroretinography (ERG) at 0 (pre-injection), 1, 2, and 4 weeks post-injection.
Results : Data from vehicle and genipin-injected eyes were normalized to baseline (week 0) values for analysis. Spatial frequency thresholds of vehicle and genipin-injected eyes were not significantly different over the four weeks (Fig. 1; Two-Way repeated ANOVA, main effect of treatment: p=0.54, n=7). Additionally, ERG a- and b-wave responses were similar between the two groups of eyes over the four weeks (Fig. 2; Two-Way repeated ANOVA, main effect of treatment:

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.50529
Retrieved Text: Criminal law is based on prohibiting acts considered to be criminal and punishing people for committing those acts. A criminal act is any behavior or act society decides should be punishable by fines, imprisonment, or both. The current criminal law system in the United States comes from old British common law. However, the crimes are also separated into criminal acts society believes are wrong and those wrong because of a local, state, or federal statute.
What Are Mala In Se Crimes?
Mala in se, which is the plural of malum in se, are criminal acts that are wrong because they violate the moral, public, or natural principles of a society. In the traditional British criminal justice system that the American justice system is based on, crimes that offended society were punished by death or serious harm. Today, mala in se crimes are not traditionally punishable by death, but still face serious sentences.
Which Crimes Are Considered Mala In Se?
Mala prohibita crimes are criminal acts that are wrong because they violate a statute or law rather than being an action that harms or offends society. Most of the time, mala prohibita crimes are less severe than mala in se crimes. For example, a parking violation, tax fraud, and copyright violation are all considered to be mala prohibita crimes.
Do White Collar Crimes Fit into This Category?
Mala in se criminal acts do not normally include white collar crimes. This is because white collars crimes are non-violent crimes committed for business or financial gain. Thus, they typically are classified as mala prohibita crimes.
Do

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.483856
Retrieved Text: I’ve never been one to wear jewelry. I don’t have my ears pierced so you will never see me wearing earings. My wedding ring is a family ring that is a simple wide band with a cluster of small stones instead of a focal point. I’m simple. I enjoy being simple. While I rarely wear jewelry, I hardly ever go anywhere without my mala beads. After my 30 day commitment to Blissology this spring, I found my mala beads (or they found me). Christian and Cole gave them to me as my mother’s day present. A few days after they arrived in the mail, I discovered that I was pregnant. Since then they have become a huge part of who I am.
My mala beads go with me yoga. They sit on my mat and absorb the energy of the room. They are a part of my meditation practice. My mala beads have been with me at every child-birth class I’ve attended. My mala beads are at the top of my “must pack” list for the hospital.
I know it is “just a necklace,” but they mean so much more to me than a pair of beads I wear around my neck. They symbolize all the intentions I have set for myself. They are a constant reminder of how I want to live my life, and they are a reflection of the person I know I am. I can’t imagine not having my mala beads with me. I can’t imagine not having my mala beads with me in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.433685
Retrieved Text: One January day I was sitting in my room at Shivbagh Ashram in Bola Guda when Mahaprabhuji called me.
"Madhavananda, do you need a mala?"
"Lord," I replied, "just now I was thinking of how to obtain a mala!"
As I spoke, Mahaprabhuji stretched out his hand.
"Take this mala and use it frequently."
I asked myself from where this mala could suddenly have appeared, because I knew for certain that Mahaprabhuji didn't have any malas with him. I decided not to dwell on it though and counted my blessings, for I had received a mala from the Lord.
That evening I went to Mahaprabhuji.
"Mahaprabhuji, some make fun at the use of the mala. They say it's useless to thread the pearls with the fingers, while the mind wanders to worldly thoughts. In their opinion, it's better to put the mala aside and turn over the pearls of thoughts."
With a smile, he explained.
"Madhavananda, they are wrong. It is true that your thoughts may wander, but in spite of this let the pearls of the mala glide through your fingers.
"Take the example of the tailor. You give him fabric to make a garment and while he sews, his thoughts wander here and there but his needle does not and very soon, despite his wandering thoughts, the garment is finished. It is the same with the mala. Your thoughts may safely wander, for if you continually move the pearls, you will certainly reach your goal.
"This practice produces abundant fruit and frees one from many karmas. One who always practises with the mala achieves either

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.365665
Retrieved Text: Assemblies, methods, and an apparatus for damping vibrational energy induced to a reinforced skin structure are disclosed. The reinforced skin structure includes an outer wall and at least one stringer coupled to the outer wall. The method includes providing a damping apparatus that includes a stiffening member configured to adjust at least one of a bending mode and a torsional twisting mode of the stringer and an energy dissipation member configured to dissipate vibrational energy of the stringer. The stiffening member includes at least two elongated members that are spaced a distance apart and at least one truss member that extends obliquely between the at least two elongated members. The damping apparatus is attached to the at least one stringer. The damping apparatus may be configured to dampen vibration in the range of between about 200-600 Hz.
4828202 Method and apparatus for wideband vibration damping of reinforced skin structures 1989-05-09 Jacobs et al.
Sengupta, S.; Reduction of Cabin Noise During Cruise Conditions by Stringer and Frame Damping; AIAA Journal; Mar. 1979; pp. 229-236; vol. 17, No. 3.
1. A method for damping vibrational energy induced to a reinforced skin structure, wherein the reinforced skin structure includes an outer wall and at least one stringer coupled to the outer wall and having a length that extends between a pair of adjacent frame members, said method comprising: attaching a damping apparatus to the at least one stringer, the damping apparatus configured to dampen vibration of the at least one stringer, wherein the damping apparatus includes a stiffening member configured to adjust

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.359192
Retrieved Text: 1. Fill out ORDER FORM with details of the mala/wrist mala you would like.
2. We'll make your order based on the specifications and reply with a picture attached of the finished product within 24 hrs.
In our email we will give you the total cost with shipping and provide you a link to the Payment and Shipping page. Once payment is received we will ship the same day. ** NOTE: There are NO additional charges for having a mala custom made.
3. Pay using PayPal , credit card or email money transfer.
We respond to your order within 24 hrs Mon-Fri and will ship your mala the same day.
Can't bear the thought of filling a form for EACH item?
Still not sure what to do? We're here to help!
2. Or, "CHAT WITH GAURANG" using the chat bar on the bottom left of any page.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.34724
Retrieved Text: 6mm / 1" 6mm / 2" 6mm / 3" 6mm / 4" 8mm (shown) / 1" 8mm (shown) / 2" 8mm (shown) / 3" 8mm (shown) / 4"
Boho Matte Red Creek Jasper and Labradorite Mala Beads, Hand knotted, Root Chakra Mala Beads, Crown Chakra Mala Beads, Unisex Mala, Natural Gemstone, Yoga Jewelry, Meditation Beads.
Balance your chakras from root to crown with these naturally gorgeous gemstones. Very earthy, unisex Mala Beads. Four 8mm labradorite beads at markers 27,54 and 81. Finished with a 12mm Faceted Labradorite Guru Bead and a natural hemp tassel.
Jasper is one of my favorite gemstones. The unique artistry of Jasper is that of Nature itself. Jasper’s frequency is slow and constant, aligned with the electromagnetic energies of the planet. It enables one to be more present in the physical body and conscious of Nature and one’s surroundings. It encourages one to celebrate moments of isolation to absorb, reflect, and connect with these energies and enkindles an awareness of the spiritual connection we hold with all living things. Jasper helps with protection, honesty, courage, quick thinking, organization, imagination, and helps absorb negative energy.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.335411
Retrieved Text: While mala beads are traditionally used as ritual objects that aid one’s personal spiritual practice, more and more people like to use them not only as a personal talismans and meditation tools but also as fashion accessories in daily life. Some yogis see this as a no-go and think that the use of mala beads for any purpose other than praying and worshipping is strictly proscribed. Correspondingly, many mala makers claim that genuine malas must be made in a certain way – knotted only at certain times (exclusively with traditional seed and wood beads, of course), blessed by the gods in sacred temples, and given only as gifts, never purchased for money. The idea of wearing mala beads as a piece of beautiful jewelry in daily life is incomprehensible and out of question for them.
Personally I’ve always felt really relaxed about the “fashion issue” in regard to how malas can be used and how not. In fact, I know many people who are initially drawn to the aesthetic aspects of malas and see them just as fashionable necklaces in the first place before they learn about their benefits as mindfulness aids. As a Western yoga practitioner who learned the craft of mala-making by myself, I am not so presumptuous to say that my malas are to be used exclusively in the traditional way. What’s the traditional way, anyway? Similar to yoga itself, there is no such thing as one universally approved and valid tradition that regulates which way of using malas is right, and just as

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.326818
Retrieved Text: The No Mind Mala serves as a sweet reminder to take conscious steps out of the rational mind and dive back into the sacred space of the heart, hridayam, the core of being. Wear the mala as a reminder to tap into the depths of contentment and live in a constant state of rebirth. Let go of the mind and give way to the essence, the heart, the self.
Our gemstone magic journey began when Hansa lived in India, where she received a number of blessed malas from teachers and places she held great reverence for. She felt an urge to cut the malas and share the blessings. She would include some blessed beads on each new piece she made, and this became the start of her mala creation phase of life. Since then, she has travelled extensively and collected beads, gems and materials to incorporate into her own sacred creation process. A lot of her time is dedicated to special order malas, where she incorporates the gemstone properties to help boost or balance individuals, one mala at a time. More info HERE.
Since the beginning, Hansa has always been fascinated by vibrational medicine and learned to more and more listen to her intuition. The deeper resonance is what intrigues her, and the nuances of energetics. What has become clear to her, backed by years of interaction with clients and their inquiries about finding balance within themselves, she has noticed the amazing intelligence of one's own inner wisdom, aka intuition. We have to start trusting our gut! In

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.215576
Retrieved Text: Buy Rudraksha Jap Mala (Small Size). Rudraksha Jap Mala (Small Size) price in delhi, india.
Buy Rudraksha Jap Mala (Small Size). Rudraksha Jap Mala (Small Size) price in delhi, india. All mukhi Rudraksha, (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14, Ganesh Rudraksh, Gauri Shankar), Sphatik Samagri, Parad Samagri, Shankh, Jap Mala, Gold polished Yantra, Bhojpatra Yantra, Pooja Samagri, Luckystone, Navratna ornaments etc, all types of Astrological Products are available.
1 - Rudraksh mala is used in Reciting or chanting Jap, Mantra of Lord Shiva and many other Gods. It is said in the ancient scriptures that almost all the gods get easily pleased, if someone chant or repeat Mantras from Rudraksh mala.
2- Rudraksh Mala could be worn in the neck or around wrists but it works best when worn around the neck. It is famous that one can please god Shiva easily some by wearing Rudraksh Malas. The usefulness and significance of Rudraksha is mentioned in every religious book. Buying Rudraksh mala washed out all Sin/mistake of our past life.
3- Rudraksh mala is offered to lord Shiva in Temples to please him and get his blessings. Rudraksha mala in lord Shiva’s favourite and easily available. You can always compare the Rudraksha Mala price online. One will get protections, power, blessing and that is always protected by lord Shiva himself in every steps.
4 - Rudraksh mala is also offered to Rishi, Saints, and Munis, Sadhu, Santa. - There is no other Religious work as good as offering Rudraksh mala to Sadhus, Sants. Sadhus Sants and Rishi are with very less efforts become happy and bless

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.208788
Retrieved Text: Rudraksh and Pearl Mala - This Mala is made up of 55 Five Mukhi Rudraksh beads and 54 natural round Pearl beads, constituting 108+1 beads mala.
The Five Mukhi Rudraksh and pearl are well known for their blood pressure controlling properties. This Mala is made up of 55 Rudraksh beads and 54 natural pearls , constituting 108+1 beads mala and are very effecting in controlling high Blood Pressure. This mala is recommended to people having heart problems and high blood problem.
1. It enhance the power of planet Moon in the Horoscope.
2. It controls the Blood pressure as Moon is the controller of Blood pressure (High or low).
3. It helps in controlling the disease occured due to malefic Moon in the Horoscope like cold, chest congestions etc.
4. Energies of rudraksh beads negate the evil energies around the wearer.
How to wear Rudraksh and Pearl Mala ?
Mantra to Chant “Om namah Shivay' and Planet Chandra Beej Mantra " Om Shraam Shreem Shroom Sah Chandraye Namah" is the mantra that has to be chanted to wear this Mantra for about 108 times.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.162642
Retrieved Text: A diet lacking in carbs can screw up the entire muscle-building process in two ways: by depleting precious muscle tissue and preventing you from producing maximum intensity and …... 101 muscle building workouts and nutrition plans Download 101 muscle building workouts and nutrition plans or read online here in PDF or EPUB. Please click button to get 101 muscle building workouts and nutrition plans book now.
build more strength, as well as gain and retain lean muscle through strategically placed HIGH, LOW, and NO carb days. Its extremely important you follow it as closely as possible. When striving to achieve superb results, nutrition is always the foundation. Without a solid nutritional plan, your results will suffer. Everything you do involving training revolves around the nutrition you supply skeletal muscle relaxants classification pdf Some of his older nutrition plans included a lot of oatmeal and sweet potatoes but his more recent plans seems to have replaced them with white and brown rice. He eats up to 2 pounds of chicken breast and beef per day and opts for 2 cups of egg white in the morning with Ezekiel toast.
Bear Spirit Mala With Red Fossil Coral, Milky Agate, Magnesite, Rocky Crystal, Cloudy Quartz, Fancy Jasper and Haematite. Wow, what a mala. I was super excited when I got asked by another fellow mala maker in sunny Honolulu to make a bespoke mala for her own personal use.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.147207
Retrieved Text: Wondering what meditation is really all about.
Check out this awesome video from WhatMeditationReallyIs.com. They break it down in less than 3 mins. Dispel all of the meditation myths that you might have heard along the way. Get to the heart of what meditation really is.
Like any new practice beginning a meditation practice can be daunting.
The video below breaks it down in less than 3 mins. It will talk you through the simple steps to starting to relax your mind. Letting your mind be just as it is; letting your thoughts and emotions come and go. Transitioning into a observer you open to a new awareness.
A Mala is a tool that can aid in meditation.
Having a tactile object in your hand aids you to focus and be present. A mala help you to remain grounded as you move from one bead to the next you allow for a simple flow of meditation. Working your way around the mala breathing in and out relaxes the mind and allows for a transition into a passive state of observance. In this article we walk you through how to use a mala to engage in a chakra meditation. Visualizing each chakra and moving from one chakra to the next as you move through the mala.
This entry was posted in Learning, Meditation. Bookmark the permalink.

================



======= Instance Index 29 =========
Input Text: Given that He left his own number, calling himself Alain - the name of her Malaysian-French ``business manager''. The next day Gina rang. She had obviously not noticed that it was her own number. Therefore, it must be true that "it was Gina's own number"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.476974
Retrieved Text: You are the 62nd guest to Gina's Pizza.
Gina's Pizza can Log in to change the verification status, add the menu, daily specials, operation hours, post your pictures, maps, directions (coming soon), customer coupons and many many more. Verified establishments are automatically placed higher in search results. All of the features at FARGO Restaurant Guide are completely free to use. The factors that can change the positions at the search result are its verified status and its proximity to the search center.
If you are a patron of this restaurant, please remind Gina's Pizza of Fargo to take a moment to register in your next visit. Or send us a note if this establishment is either closed, moved, or information is simply no longer correct. We appreciate your input of keeping information up to date for other patron of Gina's Pizza.
Gina's Pizza on 2630 University Drive South, at FARGO Restaurant Guide -- FARGO 's definitive dining guide.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.824152
Retrieved Text: This scholarship was established in memory of the late Regina (Gina) Mary Rudland. Gina was a leading commercial and Māori issues lawyer. Gina graduated from the University of Auckland and ran her own legal practice in Wellington. Gina was a director on the New Zealand Meat Board and was influential in the re-activation of the Ahuwhenua Trophy for Māori Excellence in Farming. Gina's passion was her people and love of the whenua. Gina passed away on 24 December 2006.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.613796
Retrieved Text: So of course I was super excited to see my own book featured on her blog yesterday. It especially pleases me to know her nine-year-old daughter read and enjoyed the book as well. After all, I wrote Growing Toward the Sun for the kid I used to be.
Check out Gina's book page for excellent reading suggestions for both adults and kids. Check out her Mennonites page for articles about her branch of Mennonites. And read her review of Growing Toward the Sun here.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.354013
Retrieved Text: You may think a pastry chef's obsession with butter falls into the same category as Paula Deen deep-frying golden sticks or that annoying Julie girl in the Julie & Julia movie who closes the flick with the cloyingly symbolic gesture of leaving a pound of butter under Julia Child's picture. These supposed obsessions with butter are for wow factor. What pastry chefs have is respect for a needed and powerful ingredient, and a desire for the highest-quality butter.
Many American pastry chefs will tell you that butter is one of the areas where we are more reluctant to turn away from our use of European butter. Butter has to have a minimum percentage of butterfat, by law. In America, that percentage is 80 percent while in Europe it is 82 percent. Big deal you say? It's a mere 2 percent? It makes a huge difference as far as workability and taste.
Locally, we have some great people making butter, and they all seem to have started down the butter path at the farmers markets.
Rainbow Valley Heritage Foods - You may have heard of Denise Diederich and Sheri Doramus lately, as they work toward the process of building their own commercial kitchen after many years of borrowing the commercial kitchens of various chef friends. Their creamy flavored butters and farm cheeses fly off the shelf at Wedge & Bottle in Ahwatukee.
Their products, which are made from family recipes, are lactose-intolerant-friendly, as their process removes 90 percent of the milk sugars that apparently cause the intolerance. The milk that they

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.336903
Retrieved Text: "It was like Christmas Day all over again for her," says Scot. "I was hooking her up to the dialysis machine when the call came in. She started unhooking herself, got dressed and off she went."
"She was all ready and they said that as soon as they found a bed for her, they would begin prepping her for surgery. They kept coming in every half an hour reassuring her that everything would be fine," said Scot.
"They came in and said they couldn't find a bed for her and she would have to go home."
Gina's transplant was cancelled and as far as they understood, the organ went to waste.
Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust said it could not comment on individual cases but told 5 Live Investigates that "decisions taken about any individual patient's care are taken in the best interests of that patient by the clinicians who are looking after them".
"I can't help but think the family who donated the kidney would be devastated just as much as I was, if not more so."
Although rare, Gina's case is not unique.
Prof Nizam Mamode is chairman of the chapter of surgeons, at the British Transplantation Society. He told the programme that the transplant service is "more than creaking".
"I think it really is at breaking point. I don't think people can continue for much longer working on this basis and I think it really needs some urgent action.
"There's been a huge success in transplantation. The number of transplants has increased by about 50% over the last eight to 10

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.150345
Retrieved Text: Becoming a runner starts with setting an intention, so we've partnered with Under Armour to help you take the first step.
POPSUGAR fitness editor Gina Florio is an across-the-board fan of all things exercise-related. From tennis and yoga to strength training and weights, if it involves movement, she has tried it — and probably loved it. But falling in love with running was a slow burn for Gina. "I used to absolutely hate running," she says, "So starting off was really challenging. I started running last year after moving to San Francisco. My husband, who is a marathoner, and I got married in September of last year, and we decided to start running together so we could fit in some quality time on weekends."
Gina has run a couple of 5Ks and is gearing up for her first half-marathon this year. As the key to training is consistency, her number one priority is a route that keeps her coming back for more, and won't encroach too much on the other forms of exercise she enjoys.
The Embarcadero to the breathtaking views at Pier 39 is a perfect 5-to-6 mile training run. "I look for a route that will be consistently accessible and I can do weekly without feeling burnt out," says Gina. "And I particularly love this run because it’s totally flat, which is nearly impossible to find in San Francisco. I love the view of the Oakland Bay Bridge and the different piers. There’s always something different to see on this route, and it doesn’t totally wipe me

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.010677
Retrieved Text: Gina's Mexican Cafe is the place to go for delicious Mexican food in downtown Nanaimo. Experience premium seafood, fish tacos, chicken chilpotle, vegetarian cuisine, and vegan entrées made with fresh local ingredients in a festive friendly family restaurant.
For over 25 years, Gina's Mexican Cafe has been a favorite destination for locals, tourists and boating adventurers. Fondly known as the ‘Pink House on the Hill’, Gina's is a popular destination for authentic Mexican cuisine. Located on top of a cliff, easily accessible from the Highway #1 and a short walk from the boat basin, c'mon home to Gina's for a memorable dining experience you won't want to miss.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.98125
Retrieved Text: Founded after Gina's battle from breast cancer, the foundation provides financial assistance for LC Valley residents diagnosed with breast cancer.
Many LC Valley organizations host fundraising events throughout the year. To view a list of those events or submit your own, please visit the link below.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.904821
Retrieved Text: After leaving the Bay years ago, Marilyn Chambers returns with a secret and a new lease on life. Still tender over the cancer death of her son Byron, Marilyn has come to realise life is for living and wasting even a second of it is a crime.
Coming to terms with her own mortality, she is also for embracing Eastern religions, magic, tribal beliefs and bookstore philosophy - anything to keep her feet moving and a smile on her dial.
If this means she gets in the face of more traditional thinkers - with her vegan food, positive outlook and go-get-em attitude - then so be it. Only death itself will stop her in her tracks...and she'll be damned if she's going to run towards the light at the end of the tunnel.
Marilyn's bubbly nature and eye-catching outfits attracted the attention of John Palmer when he was having problems with his then wife, Gina. However, Marilyn wasn't interested romantically, after all, John was married and that's exactly what she told Gina when quizzed of their flirty relationship.
Her feelings towards John changed following Gina's death, seeing John and Jett as a package deal she'd like to be apart of. Telling herself that what she was feeling was nothing more than a virus, her actions spoke louder than words as she would get so flustered in front of John she would become clumsy and drop things.
At first, Jett wanted no part in John reciprocating Marilyn's feelings - especially so soon after his beloved Gina's death. But Jett, who didn't have

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.617825
Retrieved Text: This was the first book in the Remington Ranch series and I really enjoyed his second chance romance which was filled with so much of drama. It was my firs time reading a book by SJ McCoy and I found that her writing style was good and I liked the dual point of view style as it enabled the reader to understand the characters better. I absolutely loved Mason's character because as you know I have a soft spot for possessive and protective alpha males and Mason had those characteristics together with a sweet and romantic side which made him even more attractive. Gina's character was highly annoying because firstly she had a communication issue because she refused to talk things through with Mason. She also was very immature at times and according to my personal opinion she was cheating on Liam the entire time because she was still in love with Mason as well as she was willing to stay in a relationship with no love and being mistreated which I believe is unacceptable for any woman with self respect. I enjoyed the secondary characters of Mason's brothers and Cassidy as they made a good foundation for the rest of the series. The growth of both Mason and Gina's was brilliant because it was wonderful to see them both mature towards the end of the book. The highlight of the book for me was the combustible chemistry between Mason and Gina because it was both well written and well added into the book. I enjoyed

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.98683
Retrieved Text: When Gina Flores was in graduate school in 1994, a colleague's aromatherapy use sparked her interest in the field. "I was intrigued," Gina says. "I decided to get some books and see exactly what this 'aromatherapy thing' was."
After doing her research, Gina couldn't get enough.
A self-proclaimed "nerd" when it comes to aromatherapy, Gina is an Aromahead graduate, and is now owner of Essential Body Wisdom in New York City.
She does aromatherapy consultations and on-the-spot blending for injuries. She also just developed her own line of essential oil blends, which she has high hopes for. Read on to learn more about Gina's business, what inspires her, and what she wants you to know about essential oils.
My aromatherapy business has many aspects to it. I am a NY State Licensed and Nationally Certified Massage Therapist specializing in dance and performing arts injury rehab, so I use my essential oils frequently for on-the-spot blending for muscular pain, tendon injuries, inflammation, and other similar injuries.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.712633
Retrieved Text: Facing life imprisonment for attempted theft of plutonium, Gina prepares to defend herself in court. Gina's certain her case is unwinnable, but she discovers that someone has already signed the documents (in Gina's handwriting), naming Brianna "Phoenix" Diggers as her lawyer! Why? Because Brianna's always wanted to point dramatically while shouting, "I object!"

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.674791
Retrieved Text: The hospital holds an emergency drill to see how the staff would cope with a terrorist attack, but tensions within the team prove a barrier to them working well together. Lord Byrne puts Joseph under pressure, prompting the young surgeon to overdose on the drugs he has been taking to control his obsessive compulsive disorder.
Tricia learns her operation has been postponed but is shocked to find out how far Mark will go to get her back on the list. Elliot is forced to confront his grief when James turns up at the hospital wanting answers about Gina's death, and Lola tries to juggle the demands of work with interviews to find a nanny for Leanne. Meanwhile, tension mounts between Ric and Abra over the illegal pig's kidney scheme.
Abra attempts to steal some HIV drugs for a patient and he begins to flirt with Kyla. Joseph returns to work after his overdose and works with Elliot who is grateful for the distraction from Gina's death.
Jac impresses Lord Byrne but alienates Joseph while he is at it. But Jac then tries to charm him when she realises she needs him. Abra's kidney transplant patient returns to Holby.
Mark and Chrissie keep a vigil at Tricia's bedside but Diane has bad news for them. Sam attempts to find the truth about Jade when he finds her medical notes are wrong. Lola almost catches Matt with Nikki and he panics.
Enigmatic new consultant Dan Clifford turns up at the hospital and examines the kidney transplant case, while a worried Abra covers his

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.624683
Retrieved Text: 7 nights in Palm Desert Where to Eat?
We will be a group heading to Palm Desert to spend a week at the Marriott. We like out of the way places to eat. Any suggestions?
We have enjoyed dining at Jillians on El Paseo (http://www.jilliansfinedining.com). The atmosphere in the courtyard is wonderful. We also like Arnold Palmers in La Quinta - the best mac n' cheese I've ever had! My husband swears by Momma Gina's (http://www.mammagina.com/) but I have never been.
One restaurant I recommend you SKIP is the mexican restaurant in the La Quinta Resort. I think it is called Adobe Grill. We have gone there a few times and have finally given up. The only reason we went back was because we love the atmosphere but finally decided atmosphere is not enough to save that restaurant - it is just not very good and it is very overpriced.
Which Marriott? We enjoyed the Ristorante Tuscany when we stayed at the Desert Springs Marriott. The kids liked the buffalo wings at Nick Faldo's Bar and Grille when we stayed at the Shadow Ridge Marriott.
If you are staying in one of the condos at the Marriotts, you can stock up on breakfasts, lunches, snacks, and cocktails at one of the local Trader Joe's.
To add to the above... a number of steak houses eg local favorite LG's, or chain Ruth's Chris, or Sullivans. The Falls is another one in La Quinta.
I don't recommend Tommy Bahamas for dinner.
As far as Sherman's be careful with anything that requires cooking skill. I was served

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.605091
Retrieved Text: It's Zoe's wedding day. She's about to marry Jamie, the love of her life. Then a phone call comes out of the blue, with the news that her mum Gina has been arrested. Zoe must make an impossible decision: should she leave her own wedding to help? Zoe hasn't seen Gina for years, blaming her for the secret that she's been running from ever since she was sixteen. Now, Gina is back in her life, but she's very different to the mum Zoe remembers. Slowly but surely, Gina is losing her memory. As she struggles to cope with Gina's illness, can Zoe face up to the terrible events of years ago and find her way back to the people she loves?
Everyone who knows me, knows just how much I loved Katie's first novel, My Everything. Since I read My Everything last summer I have been eagerly awaiting A Life Without You. I was so excited when it came through the letterbox, that I dropped everything and started reading it straight away. I am pleased to say that it did not disappoint.
My Everything had such a lasting effect on me that I didn't know how A Life Without You could ever live up to it, but it did all of that and more. A Life Without You tells the story of Zoe, a high powered business woman who hasn't spoken to her mother in over a decade. Zoe is shocked when she gets a phone call minutes before she is due to walk down the aisle.
Gina's point

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.458323
Retrieved Text: Gina Bender describes herself as humble, creative and nurturing and her personal style as a mix of classic vintage, layers of color and mindfulness for minimalism. Today on the podcast, we talk about her work as a graphic designer - where she got started and how it has evolved into the work she does today - as well as the yin and yang, give and take, ebb and flow of being a working SAHM. I have tremendous respect for all of Gina's hard work as a mother and designer!
Additionally, Gina shares a few tips for successful garage sale shopping and purifying the air in your home.
Jayme and Allie's Style Story UNT Communication Design Program Joan Miro art Built By Bender, Milan's business with his 3 brothers Built By Bender logo Devendra Banhart music Sai Baba incense Palo Santo sticks Heylee Heep's Style Story Himalayan salt lamp Find Gina's work on Instagram and hire her for all your stellar branding needs!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.379189
Retrieved Text: Gina has served the real estate industry since 2000, helping clients build wealth through real estate investments. An experienced investor in home and rental property; a background in property renovations and interior design makes Gina confident in advising clients in buying and selling real estate. Gina's prior real estate experience was in selling vineyards, rural land and ranch property in Sonoma County. Unparalleled expertise, diligent professionalism and an eye for quality are the attributes that make Gina Mattern a leader in her profession. Gina has served the real estate industry with confidence for 17 years, building her career at Keegan & Coppin Oncor International before joining Willis Allen. Gina is proud to be a part of the Willis Allen family and contribute to a prestigious, worldwide company that is consistent with her practices: quality assurance, top-tier properties and exceptional knowledge of the market. Gina is also an experienced investor in home and rental property. Her expertise includes home renovation, interior design and property management and can extend this service to her clients at Willis Allen. Gina's achievements as a real estate professional and consistent, top-notch service makes her confident in her property renovation and selling expertise. Furthermore, her dynamic career exemplifies her passion for real estate investments, renovations, interior design and property management. Gina is a San Diego County local as she grew up in La Jolla. After residing in the San Francisco Bay Area for almost 30 years, Gina made the move back to her roots in 2012 to own and manage rental property in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.292479
Retrieved Text: Love it! This paper is my absolute FAVORITE. I need to get more. I'm down to only a few scraps!!
Gorgeous! I've been using that cardstock forever. It usually puts my suitcase overweight when I come home from the US! lol!
Love love love the clean simplicity of all three cards. What a great technique, made possible by Gina's awesome card stock.
Scrumptious. Thanks for point me to Lydia's post too. Had seen her card on IG but loved her post.
I love Gina's cardstock! Her inks are amazing,too!
Beautiful! That blue one is so soothing!
What a busy crafter you've been. These are all gorgeous and that's a great tip with watercolor paper, especially with a piece (or two) that I've messed up.
Someday I may have to try this cardstock. Loving my Neenah 110 lb, but Copics will bleed through. I can use my Prismacolor pencils, though. I love all three of your cards, Joan. The blue is nice for sympathy, and the last one says AWESOME all over it!
Yes, I checked. I just had to see to whom you directed us for 'real talent'.
These cards are spectacular. Amazing that such a simple design could yield such results. You've outdone yourself, Joan.
Lovely cards(all) and delightful post as always. You realize when you pointed us to real talent your other 4 fingers are pointing to you--more real talent.
Nice layering technique. I'm always a sucker for shimmer. It's lovely over the watercolor.
Love the simple elegance of these cards, Joan. And I ADORE Lydia - how sweet of you to link to her blog.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.254211
Retrieved Text: My edition: paperback, to be published on 27th February 2014 by Hodder & Stoughton, 512 pages.
Description: Letters from the only man she's ever loved.
A keepsake of the father she never knew.
Or just a beautiful glass vase that catches the light, even on a grey day.
If you had the chance to make a fresh start, what would you keep from your old life? What would you give away?
Gina Bellamy is starting again, after a difficult few years she'd rather forget. But the belongings she's treasured for so long just don't seem to fit who she is now.
So Gina makes a resolution. She'll keep just a hundred special items - the rest can go.
Gina Bellamy has been through a lot in her young life and just when things seem to be on the mend her marriage succumbs under the pressure of finding happiness. Ironically, without the struggles and the need for her husband and herself to lean on one another there's little left between the two of them to sustain their relationship. So after years of sharing home and life with another person, Gina suddenly finds herself on her own. Starting from scratch in a tiny apartment she decides to truly start afresh and only keep hold of a hundred important things - a hundred pieces of herself.
While the initial reason behind Gina purging her belongings is a sad moment in her life, it forces her to reflect on all the things she's accumulated over the years and discover what's truly important. Not only that, but by doing

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.183344
Retrieved Text: Tony Neely stops by to enjoy some homemade takeout but there's no need for takeout when you've got Pat and Gina Neely on your side! Gina's Pulled Pork BBQ Egg Rolls will make your local takeout place cry. And what could be better than Pat's Broccoli and Chicken Stir Fry? Next, they show you how delicious and easy it is to make Pineapple Fried Rice and then to top off the perfect takeout meal, some Neely Fortune Cookie Sundaes.
Pat's Broccoli and Chicken Stir-Fry will make you forget all about takeout.
The Neelys make deep-fried pork egg rolls with their own Southern touch.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.035246
Retrieved Text: Peggy has made a wonderful library, you can see more of her pictures in her flickr account.
Cow Hide rug looks just perfect in the room.
Thanks so much Johanna for these new photo's of her wonderful collection!! Your dollies look amazing in there new chairs.
Johanna's Diorama is amazing, look at all her detail.
You can see more of Johanna's work at Stinkers Stuff.
The link is on my main page.
Love this shot!! Thanks again Johanna for these images!!
Gina's Diorama. Showing One of my Disontinued Lucite Consoles, and a Custom Topairy I made. You can view more of Gina's photos on flicker.
Thanks Gina, Your Diorama Looks Amazing!! Id like to move in myself!!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.820154
Retrieved Text: I was drawn to this Piña Colada Sorbet from Gina Homolka of Skinnytaste.com and had to share it with you. This sorbet screams summer and I love the flavor combination. Big fan of coconut. Great dessert for a BBQ!
If you haven't had the chance, check out Gina's Skinnytaste blog. She does an incredible job and it's one of my favorite cooking blogs. Great recipes and beautiful photography!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.74637
Retrieved Text: Part gourmet market, part restaurant, Sugo Cucina Italiana boasts a menu and a deli case packed with authentic Italian eats. While fresh mozzarella and burrata mingle with prosciutto di Parma and pancetta in the market, the kitchen team dishes out everything from parmesan-dusted lasagna to fresh cannolis in the dining room.
So whether you want to build your own meal at home or leave it up to the professionals, Sugo Cucina Italiana can oblige. For those who opt to sit down, start with an order of the garlic knots or Gina's meatballs, which come embellished with marinara sauce and romano cheese. Then, dig into a plate of fresh pasta like Rudy's fettucine tossed with shrimp, tomato, spinach, and a creamy parmesan sauce. You can also opt for a classic entree—think chicken marsala and eggplant parm—or a panini.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.745457
Retrieved Text: 01:10 — What's your favorite catchphrase of all time?
When Gina's friend (Merrin Dungey) comes to town, Martin and Pam call a truce in their feud and team up to expose her past. Martin Lawrence. Pam: Tichina Arnold. Gina: Tisha Campbell. Tommy: Thomas Mikal Ford.
Gina's vacation is no sensation when Martin takes her to "Chilligan's Island," a resort he's seen advertised on the back of a cereal box. Martin Lawrence. Boss Man: Sy Richardson. Bamboo: Arturo Gil. Gina: Tisha Campbell.
Martin and Gina try to enjoy their respective bachelor parties, but find themselves imagining married life five years down the road. Laquita: Simbi Khali. Miss Gerri: Jeri Gray. Gina: Tisha Campbell. Martin: Martin Lawrence.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.723783
Retrieved Text: The trip up to Flakstatinden, or the "Gina's-Route" was inaugurated in 2013 by the Norwegian Queen to celabrate the 100 years anniversary of women’s voting rights in Norway. It was named after Gina Krog an activist from Flakstad fighting for the women's voting right.
It is therefore a very good and clear path. One of the best in Lofoten. It is a short and easy trip where you gain altitude fast, and is a little bit steep during the last hundred meters. Halfway up you find a nice small shelter. Return same way.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.708467
Retrieved Text: Now abandoned, Fantana used to be one of the most prestigious bathhouses in Romania.
Armed with her camera and tripod, in 2018 the fine art photographer Gina Soden snuck into the derelict space to capture the calm grandeur of the once magnificent building. This desire to uncover the beauty and in forgotten locations is at the heart of Gina's photography.
Based in London, Gina travels widely to undisclosed sites throughout Europe and explores the boundaries of beauty, decay, nostalgia and neglect. The genesis of each piece is often the unique architectural character of each location, heightened by their painfully slow transformation after years of abandonment.
Gina Soden is an award winning photographer. In 2018 she was the Rise Art Artist of the Year and Photographer of the Year. In 2016 she was a Finalist for the Sky Arts Master of Photography TV competition. She has been awarded Emerging Artist of the Year with National Open Art and Finest Work on Show at the Photo Art Fair. In 2013, she won Weston Parks Fine Art Open Competition.
Gina's work is collected by numerous corporate and private individuals including: in London by The Ned, Groucho Club, Goldman Sachs, Century Club and Home House, as well as the Hoxton Hotel in Paris and Soho House in Amsterdam, New York and Barcelona.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.649754
Retrieved Text: We have our two designers up today, Kathi and Mary to share with you their creations. First up is Kathi!
Hi everyone, Kathi here, thanks for joining me! I have two cards to share today, in a design that's elegant yet easy to create.
Now over to Mary who has something fun to share!
You know what today is? Today marks five months til Christmas Eve! Just a friendly reminder to start on all the gifts you were going to make last year but ran out of time!
Today I have another new item in Gina's store, the new "letter your life". With these you get to custom make your word! That's right, crafters. The large letter will be the first letter in the word you ask for. Just think of all of the possibilities!
I guess I had laundry on my mind when I was asked to pick a word since that is what came out of my mouth. I wanted this to be fun yet simple since it will be hanging on the wall in the basement. I covered the "L" with paper and embossed the word laundry.
It will be mounted on the wall but I still need to paint it (my mom and I have only gotten the walls primed). I also used the new punchelements 1". These are stackable element sets that you are able to use your 1" punch with!
Thanks for stopping by the blog today! Have a great one.
Hi everyone! Melissa here with my take on our artist trading block.
I painted my block with white

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.41221
Retrieved Text: THEIR relationship has been tense recently, but things could be getting a little worse after Coronation Street's Sally Metcalfe finds out about her sister Gina's latest dinner date in next week.
In a clip for an upcoming episode, Gina arranges to go on a blind date, but is shocked to discover the man is the con-artist responsible for putting Sally behind bars, Duncan Radfield.
Choosing to go along with the date, Gina goes by the name Gina G and keeps her real identity as Sally's sister hidden, instead fabricating a story that she was a widow with money to spare on a potential suitor.
Duncan also reveals to Gina that he had been widowed previously and had only fallen for one other person, who he fell for and that she had lied to him and left him heartbroken.
Gina carries on by trying to catch out the con-man, saying: "I'm rich, but have no one to share it with."
Later, when Gina's story starts to slip and her date begins to describe his previous love it becomes clear he is still vengeful of Sally, calling her a lying, manipulative little witch with no regard for him or the law.
But when Gina becomes obviously annoyed at the con-man's remarks she reveals her true identity as Sally's sister.
However, he doesn't appear too phased by the revelation and instead calls her out for her stupidity, claiming that her sister had remarked at how stupid she was to him before.
He remarks: "You really are as stupid as Sally said you are, aren't you?"
Could Gina start

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.395267
Retrieved Text: The word Reiki comes from the Japanese word (Rei) which means “Universal Life” and (Ki) which means “Energy”. Reiki is not affiliated with any particular religion or religious practice. It is not massage nor is it based on belief or suggestion. It is a subtle and effective form of energywork using spiritually guided life force energy.
A Reiki session can help ease tension and stress and can help support the body to facilitate an environment for healing on all levels – physical, mental, and emotional. A session is pleasant and relaxing and is often utilized for one’s personal wellness. Many people use Reiki for in their own wellness practices. Reiki is not a cure for a disease or illness, but it may assist the body in creating an environment to facilitate healing. Reiki is a great tool to use as a complement to traditional medicine and is practiced in many hospitals and medical care settings.
Many times a client, after experiencing Reiki treatments, will wish to learn Reiki to work with this energy themselves by taking a Reiki I course. This can be beneficial as they may then use this stress reduction and relaxation tool anytime.
Please Note: Reiki is meant to be used as a complement to traditional care or as a personal relaxation or stress reducing tool. It is not a substitute for qualified medical or traditional care.
Course Description: If you have been attuned and certified in Usui Reiki Level I, you are invited to continue the journey onto Level II. The Usui system of Reiki is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.35117
Retrieved Text: " There’s nothing that changes the world like a great story, and A Story that Matters is the priceless blueprint to telling your own."
"GINA'S BEAUTIFULLY WRITTEN BOOK WILL GIVE YOU THE CONFIDENCE TO WRITE AND PUBLISH YOUR OWN."
"We vote A Story That Matters the most important event for aspiring writers in 2017"
YOUR STORY WILL CHANGE SOMEONE. AND THAT SOMEONE IS MOST LIKELY YOU."
and get them in print, through books, articles, workshops + one-on-one services.
Writing Workshops. Books and Gifts for the Aspiring Writer. A Writing Community.
It's Time to Tell Your Story!
"For the aspiring writer or memoirist who can’t quite muster the courage to put pen to paper... These are hands-down the most powerful and possibly life changing pages you’ll cherish this summer."

================



======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: Given that Valence the void-brain, Valence the virtuous valet. Why couldn't the figger choose his own portion of titanic anatomy to shaft? Did he think he was helping? Therefore, it must be true that "Valence was helping"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.495712
Retrieved Text: Chicago, Ill.-based Valence Health announces that it has closed a $15 million equity investment led by Heritage Group. Foundation Medical Partners, GE Ventures, and North Bridge Growth Equity also contributed in the round. As part of the exchange, both North Bridge and Foundation Medical have added representatives to the Valence Health board of directors. The new funding brings Valence’s total raised to $45 million, following a $30 million round in 2012 that was led by returning investor North Bridge.
Valence is not a new name to healthcare, the company originally launched some 20 years ago, in 1984, and have a longstanding history of working with providers on risk management and clinical integration. Until 2012, the company had bootstrapped both its initial launch and its scale up. Now, as the Affordable Care Act created a boom in the population health market, Valence is taking outside money to position itself to take advantage of the new opportunities.
Strategically, the plan seems to be working. Valence used its 2012 loan to add 150 new employees to the payroll, and is now seeing the benefit of that investment. The company reports that it has added 10 new clients so far this year, which added to its 75 existing clients, has helped the company generate a 51 percent increase in revenue compared to the same period last year.
Valence markets a number of different solutions, from health IT consulting, to software sales, to data aggregation services and support. The majority of their work focuses on population health, risk stratification, and helping hospitals and practices

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.791002
Retrieved Text: Features native portal app for iOS devices and updated user interface components CHICAGO, IL. CNX announced today the general availability of version 4.1 of the Valence Framework for IBM i. Valence 4.1 introduces new options for developing and running IBM i applications on iOS devices (iPad/iPhone), as well as support for a new set of front-end components for regular desktop apps. Back-end support for IBM i OS 7.2 is also included with this release.
The new Valence Portal for iOS, available on the Apple App Store for free download as part of Valence 4.1, talks directly to the IBM i via its integrated Apache Server. In addition to allowing developers access to native mobile device assets such as GPS, camera and contacts, the Valence Portal for iOS also includes support for attached peripheral devices such as barcode scanners. This makes it possible for developers to create highly intuitive iPad-based apps that replace older portable computers running 5250 emulators.
The front-end of the Valence Framework includes Ext JS and Sencha Touch, advanced user interface components from Silicon Valley-based Sencha. These tools, combined with the Valence Portal and Valence RPG Toolkit, allow for the development of state-of-the-art HTML5 applications that communicate with RPG programs on IBM i. Valence also includes integration with Sencha Architect, a visual design and coding tool that makes it possible for IBM i developers to “drag and drop” their way to creating the front-end of their desktop and mobile apps.
“And for developers just getting started in this space, Valence 4.1 includes an update to its AutoCode

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.307138
Retrieved Text: Definition Valence electrons are electrons in the outmost shell (energy level). They are the electrons available for bonding. .
Group 1 (alkali metals) have 1 valence electron (s1) .
Group 2 (alkaline earth metals) have 2 valence electrons (s2) .
Group 13 elements have 3 valence electrons (s2p1) .
Group 14 elements have 4 valence electrons (s2p2) .
Group 15 elements have 5 valence electrons (s2p3) .
Group 16 elements have 6 valence electrons (s2p4) .
Group 17 (halogens) have 7 valence electrons (s2p5) .
Group 18 (Noble gases) have 8 valence electrons (s2p6) except helium which has only 2 .
Transition metals (“d” block) have 1 or 2 valence electrons .
Lanthanides and actinides (“f” block) have 1 or 2 valence electrons .
Dot Notations An atom’s valence electrons can be represented by Lewis dot notations. 7 valence e. 3 valence e. 2 valence e. 8 valence e- X X X X . 1 valence e. 6 valence e. 4 valence e- X X X X 5 valence e.
lithium beryllium boron carbon Li Be B C nitrogen oxygen fluorine neon N O F Ne . Bellringer Draw the Lewis dot notations for the valence electrons of the elements of Period 2.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.017586
Retrieved Text: Ever since the first release of Valence in 2008, the biggest issue for IBM i developers working with the framework has been learning how to manually code the user interface of an app with Ext JS (and later Sencha Touch for mobile apps). Over the years, as CNX released new and improved versions of the Valence Framework, simple tools to help developers with front-end app development were added.
Features Reengineered Portal and New Tools for Rapid App Development CHICAGO, IL. CNX announced today the general availability of version 4.0 of the Valence Framework for IBM i. Valence Framework 4.0 features a completely reengineered desktop browser portal as well as new tools for rapid web and mobile app development on IBM i. “This is without a doubt the biggest release of Valence Framework since version 1.0 was first announced nearly six years ago,” said Richard Milone, CNX Chief Technical Officer.
If you've been trialing Valence 3.2's Enterprise features, or using the Valence Framework under the free Community Developer license but considering upgrading to Valence Enterprise, here's one factor to keep in mind: In conjunction with the Valence 4.0 release and its myriad new features, the price for Valence Enterprise will essentially double, with additional costs for installing Valence Enterprise on multiple partitions.
As an IBM i developer using Valence you will often find opportunities to create apps containing grids with date columns. In the RPG world, dates are typically stored in physical files using date-type fields with data in *ISO format. So when it comes time to display those dates

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.0173
Retrieved Text: It was another afternoon away game for the 2s, and the weather was looking wet and windy for the second week in a row, after having to wear scuba gear for the last match, the team was not looking forward to a second game in the pouring rain. It was going to be a hard battle as Gore Court were just below Valence in the League, who were not getting the results needed to stay at the top and moving slowly down.
The game started at a swift pace, Sutton Valence taking the lead early on, with another classic Willson to Sheldon clinical finish, and the result stood, even though there was much vocality from the opposition. However, this seemed to awaken GC and they started to press the Valence goal, resulting in their first short corner, and then a shot from the top made it 1-1.
Gore Court then had a good 10-15 mins of attacking play, eventually the Valence defence buckling under the pressure and allowing another goal to the tally, 1-2. Sutton Valence seemed to finally start to move the ball around, and using the width to their advantage, created some great movement into the opposition D, the resulting pressure gained them another Sheldon goal, 2-2. Again, Gore Court did not take this lying down, coming straight back and making it 2-3.
The second half saw some great hockey from both sides, and it was an end to end battle, with neither side adding to their tally sheet. With Valence saving shots off the line and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.477615
Retrieved Text: Several studies have suggested that both affective valence and arousal affect the perception of time. How-ever, in previous experiments these two affective dimensions were not systematically controlled. In the present study, a set of emotional slides rated for valence and arousal (International Affective Picture System) were projected to two groups of subjects for 2, 4 and 6 sec. One group estimated the duration on an analog scale and a second group reproduced the interval by pushing a button. Heart rate and skin conductance responses were also recorded. A highly significant valence by arousal interaction affected duration judg-ments. For low arousal stimuli, the duration of negative slides was judged relatively shorter than the duration of positive slides. For high arousal stimuli, the duration of negative slides was judged longer than the dura-tion of positive slides. These results are interpreted within a model of action tendency, in which the level of arousal controls two different motivational mechanisms, one emotional and the other attentional.
emotions, time perception, International Affective Picture System, slides, arousal, valence, heart rate, skin conductance, duration estimation, interval reproduction, analog scale, attention.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.26682
Retrieved Text: Getting what you expect? Future self-views predict the valence of life events.
The interplay of maternal sensitivity and toddler engagement of mother in predicting self-regulation.
The development of spontaneous sound-shape matching in monolingual and bilingual infants during the first year.
Development of essentialist thinking about religion categories in Northern Ireland (and the United States).
Adolescents' perceptions of socializers' beliefs, career-related conversations, and motivation in mathematics.
Parental management of peers and autonomic nervous system reactivity in predicting adolescent peer relationships.
Explicit scaffolding increases simple helping in younger infants.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.246138
Retrieved Text: 3 Ways to save money for your ticket Zandbergen to Valence?
The booking system will always offer you the lowest fares for your train tickets from Zandbergen to Valence.
Advance tickets from Zandbergen to Valence have the lowest fares. You may book up to 3 months in advance.
The most popular times and dates of departure to travel to Valence from Zandbergen are often more expensive.
Need help to buy your rail ticket from Zandbergen to Valence?
Questions , remarks about your rail trip Zandbergen to Valence?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.225462
Retrieved Text: If your search for the right Web modernization tool for i OS has come up empty, you’re not alone. The folks at Chicago-based CNX also looked far and wide for a compelling and easy-to-use tool, including IBM HATS, CGIDEV2, WebSphere, and a handful of third-party options. But none of these turned into the “goldilocks” solution they had dreamed of. So, as the old saying goes, CNX–the experienced AS/400 and BPCS programmers that they were–decided to build one themselves.
This dashboard interface demonstrates the type of rich Web 2.0-style interfaces for i OS applications that are possible using pre-built screen widgets available in the Ext JS library, which is included in CNX’s Valence.
With this “secret sauce” RPG layer, called the RPG Toolkit, providing back-end connectivity to the System i’s integrated Apache Web server, and the Ext JS toolkit providing all the widgets and gadgets for creating Web 2.0 browser interfaces, CNX believes it has created a largely native way of delivering a compelling Web 2.0 screen to new or existing i OS applications–all without writing Java or installing WebSphere.
Valence gained several improvements with version 2.0, which was made available as a release candidate last week and which is expected to become generally available in the next two weeks.
For starters, Valence 2.0 improves the integration with SQL. With this release, CNX is providing RPG programmers with a way to route the results of an SQL statement “straight to the browser with one line of code.” New ILE RPG procedures were also introduced that allow users to create and send

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.22155
Retrieved Text: From Private Investigator Gloucestershire all of us consider excellent treatment within providing perfect personal evaluation advantage within Gloucestershire For several years Private Investigator Gloucestershire continues to provide private investigation solutions having a big achievement within Moreton Valence, Mount Pleasant, Nastend as well as Newport.
Experienced as well as experienced detectives through Private Investigator Gloucestershire execute expert investigations within Moreton Valence, Within Moreton Valence, the easiest method to obtain an economical option would be to make contact with Private Investigator Gloucestershire for any personal, private discussion regarding your situation.
How Do You Obtain The Help Of Private Investigator Gloucestershire Within Moreton Valence?
To employ a personal as well as key investigator through Private Investigator Gloucestershire after that do it. You need to simply get in touch with Private Investigator Gloucestershire within Moreton Valence on the tele01452 290046 to benefit from a totally free discussion.
If you're worried concerning how Private Investigator Gloucestershire may talk to a person, you should not because conversation is actually exclusively carried out according to your choice. We know from Private Investigator Gloucestershire, Moreton Valence which to become personal we have to deal with your own restrictions.
You need to make sure as well as show that somebody may be the actual one out of Moreton Valence because phony information are extremely typical upon social networking. Private Investigator Gloucestershire can help you understand the reality as well as help you save lots of squandered money and time since they are the very best in the industry.
Provide problems as well as miscalculated products emerged inside your Newmarket business. To

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.160929
Retrieved Text: Valance: extra long scarf valance valence definition chemistry. Knitss valence scarf tops sale clothing joshua david. Valance: navy blue scarf valance valance curtains for bathroom. Extra long scarf valance bay window design creativity scarf. Articles with valence electrons in sodium tag: plum valance. Valance : extra long scarf valance light cream x 1 valence. Valance: navy blue scarf valance valance curtains for bathroom. Articles with valence electrons definition tag: scarf valance. Valance: navy blue scarf valance valance curtains for bathroom.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.13134
Retrieved Text: cycle_valence cycles the valence on the currently selected bond.
If the h_fill flag is true, hydrogens will be added or removed to satisfy valence requirements.
There are two distinct ways to cycle a bond valence in PyMOL. First, if you start by clicking the Builder button you don't need to worry about Editing Mode, PyMOL will take care of that for you. After clicking Builder, click Cycle. In green text you should see, "Pick bonds to set as Cycle bond..." now just use the LEFT mouse button to click on a bond (not an atom). If you repeatedly click the bond, PyMOL will cycle the valence. The second method requires PyMOL to be in Editing Mode. To ensure you're in Editing Mode, please either click Mouse > 3 Button Editing. Now, using the mouse please CTRL-RIGHT-click on a bond (not an atom). The white cuff appears with a number (the angle of the substituents). Last, type CTRL-w to cycle the bond.
This page was last edited on 6 July 2011, at 09:57.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.089872
Retrieved Text: The industry veteran joined Valence Media as managing director in September.
Veteran media executive Deanna Brown was named president of Valence's Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group on Wednesday (April 10), nine months after she joined Valence Media as managing director.
“I’m thrilled at the opportunity to help steward these iconic brands and their talented teams,” Brown said in a statement. “This is a unique and exciting challenge.” Brown has more than three decades of experience as a media executive, entrepreneur and Fortune 500 executive, joining Valence last year from TYT Network, where she served as the digital news and pop-culture outlet’s president and coo.
Before that, she helped Broadway Video Ventures launch Sanctuary Ventures Inc. after holding senior executive positions at Federated Media, Yahoo, and AOL and serving as president of Scripps Networks Digital, where she led the charge to bring Scripps more fully into the digital space.
Earlier in her career, Brown was an advocate for digital media, launching CondeNet for Conde Nast, and holding leadership roles at Entertainment Weekly and Premier Magazine.
“Deanna is uniquely qualified to head this powerful group,” said Valence co-ceos Asif Satchu and Modi Wiczyk. “She’s strategic, tactical, and has the experience and values to lead and define these brands for the future."
In addition to Billboard magazine and The Hollywood Reporter and a number of their brand extensions, the Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group includes SpinMedia and its music assets, which include Spin, Vibe and Stereogum. As president of the group, Brown will oversee all aspects of the various brands, including editorial, sales, technology, and growth marketing,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.079803
Retrieved Text: Find Skype user profiles tagged with #Valence hashtag. Find the best Skype #Valence usernames for 2019. Explore Skype user photo gallery and discover their stories. Discover interesting people on Skype and gain new friends and followers.
Skype #Valence is a hashtag directory listing for Skype. This is a dynamic curation of Skype usernames to help you find like-minded people to follow.
How to Add My Username to Skype #Valence?
Login to Dizkover and add your Skype username to your messaging accounts. Then like #Valence hashtag in People Discovery Engine.
A previous user might have added and removed #Valence in his/her likes hashtags. Please try a different hashtag.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.040842
Retrieved Text: Check out the next trains departing from Metz Nord to Valence for Tuesday 23rd Apr 2019. For the full train timetable/schedule, or to search for a later time or date, click here.
You can travel from Metz Nord to Valence on SNCF and TGV trains. When you search for times and tickets, we might also show you some other options with multiple connections or operators if they’re available.
How long does it take to travel from Metz Nord to Valence by train?
The average journey time between Metz Nord and Valence is 8 hours and 52 minutes and the fastest journey time is 5 hours and 36 minutes. On an average weekday, there are 11 trains per day travelling from Metz Nord to Valence. The journey time may be longer on weekends and holidays; use our journey planner on this page to search for a specific travel date.
What time is the first and last train of the day from Metz Nord to Valence?
The first train from Metz Nord to Valence departs at 06:37. The last train from Metz Nord to Valence departs at 19:09. Trains that depart in the early morning hours or very late evening may be sleeper services. Alternatively, some popular routes may run throughout the night at a reduced frequency. There may also be less services on weekends and holidays; use our journey planner on this page to search for a specific travel date.
Are there direct train services between Metz Nord and Valence?
No, it is not possible to travel from Metz Nord to Valence without having

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.695133
Retrieved Text: the smallest unit of an element that has all of the properties of the element; basic building block of matter.
the number of protons and neutrons in the nucleus of one atom of the element.
the number of protons contained in each nucleus of its atoms of the element.
a horizontal row (left to right) in the periodic table.
a vertical column (up and down) on the periodic table.
a chart that organizes information about all of the known elements according to their atomic number.
describes how likely an element is to form bonds with other elements.
group 1 metals on the periodic table that contain 1 valence electron and lose their valence electrons the most easily, making them the most reactive metals.
group 1 metals on the periodic table that contain 2 valence electrons and are the second most reactive metals.
group 3-­12 on the periodic table. They have varying valence electrons and do not follow the normal trends of the other metals. They form brightly colored compounds and ions in solution.
group 17 nonmetals on the periodic table that contain 7 valence electrons. They only need to gain 1 valence electron to have a stable octet. They gain valence electrons the most readily, making them the most reactive nonmetals.
group 18 elements on the periodic table that contain 8 valence electrons (He has 2) and a full valence shell making them very stable and inert.
an element that has some properties of a metal and some properties of a nonmetal. The metalloids are found on the boron staircase, there are 7 metalloids: B, Si, Ge, As,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.639322
Retrieved Text: How Many Valence Electrons Does Phosphorus Have?
How Many Valence Electrons Does Mercury Have?
What Are the Properties of Valence Electrons?
Why Did Gregor Mendel Use Pea Plants in His Research?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.605946
Retrieved Text: Kurt Lewins field theory was one of his most important results in his psychologigal works. In this theory he speaks about the power of vectors, that have a strong psychological relevance on the behaviour in concrete situations.
The need/ the desire causes energy, gives valence and sets the behaviour of an individuum in a direction. Therfore he was the first psychologist, who included the complete social environment in his theory by using a mathematic formula.
In his fiel theory there were three variables: the behaviour=b, the person=p and the environment=e. They all depend on each other. The social environment was for him the topological area in his mathematic construct.
A human being can be hungy or not. That depends on the time of the day. Early in the morning he would be hungry. In that case he has the desire, to eat something. The result is, that he produces energy und gives a valence to his desire. This causes perhaps stomach growling or he must think about eating. In this concrete situation of hunger he gives a positive valence to eating something. The bigger the hunger, the more positive this valence. The power of the vectors begin to increase. His cognition will notice everything in his area, that has a relevance to food.
He will try to supply his want to eat something. All his powers work now in the direction to get food. When he is sated, everything to eat becomes unimportant. The valence wil become negative. In this case he will not notice a concrete tv-sport for food.
With

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.542828
Retrieved Text: Semiconductors are utilized widely in electric circuits. As its name signifies, a semiconductor is a component which carries out electric power, but only partially. The conductivity of a semiconductor is someplace in between that of an insulator, that has basically no conductivity, and a conductor, that has basically complete conductivity. Many semiconductors are crystals made from specific components, many generally silicon.
To comprehend how semiconductors function, you should initially comprehend a little about how electrons are arranged in an atom. The electrons in an atom are arranged in layers. These layers are known as shells. The outer shell is known as the valence shell.
The electrons within this shell are the ones which form bonds with surrounding atoms. This type of bonds are known covalent bonds. Many conductors have only one electron in the valence shell. Semiconductors, however, generally have 4 electrons in their valence shell.
it is feasible for all the valence electrons to connect with valence electrons coming from other atoms if all the surrounding atoms are of the exact same type. The atoms organize on their own into structures known crystals while that occurs. Semiconductors are produced of such crystals, generally silicon crystals.
Right here, each circle stands for a silicon atom, and the lines in between the atoms stand for the shared electrons. Each of the 4 valence electrons in each silicon atom is provided one surrounding silicon atom. Hence, every silicon atom is bound with 4 other silicon atoms.
Pure silicon crystals aren’t all that effective digitally. If you present little quantities of other elements into

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.506643
Retrieved Text: The retail versions of the game were … Old slots. com roulette complete bet roulette table for sale malaysia weekly calendar with time slots excel roulette casino game apk slots pair african safari slots gambling boat texas afl gambling rules advertising gambling in sport gambling boats st louis admiral slots book of ra casino slots in anaheim fallout new vegas sierra madre gambling tips slots … Spielen Sie 32Red Casino unterwegs. Unsere aufregenden Casino-Spiele werden f252;r nahezu alle mobilen Ger228;te angeboten: iPad und iPhone, Android, Blackberry amp; mehr. Spielen Sie im Spinit Online Casino und erleben Sie beste Slots amp; Casinospiele auf Ihrem PC und Handy. Genie223;en Sie Ihre Unterhaltung mit einem gro223;z252;gigen Casino Willkommensbonus. Bei InterCasino youre the real deal. Spielen Sie mobil am iPhone oder Android plus 600 Slots, Jackpots, Live Casino und Tischspiele am Mac oder PC. Treten Sie noch heute bei und erhalten einen 100 Match-Bonus, erstklassigen Support und eine Vielzahl an Zahlungsm246;glichkeiten. Erleben Sie eines der am l228;ngsten laufenden Online Casinos Hier k246;nnen Sie Book of Ra gratis spielen, ohne Anmeldung und ohne Zeitbegrenzung. Haben Sie Spa223. Online Sofortgewinne einstreichen mit unseren Spielen. Bei uns kannst du das beliebte Bingo, KenoGo und viele weitere Games online spielen … Jokers Cap online spielen bei Sunmaker und 200 Willkommensbonus ergattern. 1 einzahlen 15 Bonus. Jokers Cap spielen mit 15 gratis. Kings casino nairobi Casino free games no deposit Casino spielen ohne anmeldung gratis hot video spielautomat gebraucht Slot machine online game Slots play free online your mobile alte spielautomaten kaufen duisburg Party casino

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.487974
Retrieved Text: Here's what people have asked and answered about working for and interviewing at Valence Surface Technologies.
What is the most stressful part about working at Valence Surface Technologies?
How would you describe the pace of work at Valence Surface Technologies?
Do supervisors work mandatory overtime with their teams?
How did you feel about telling people you worked at Valence Surface Technologies?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.468838
Retrieved Text: Flying group based at LFLU (Valence-Chabeuil Airport).
Airfield: LFLU Valence-Chabeuil Airport. Valence/Chabeuil, FR.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.438545
Retrieved Text: Tessenderlo Group (NYSE Euronext: TESB) announced today the sale of its subsidiary Chelsea Building Products Inc. (US) to Graham Partners, a US-based, privately-held investment company. The Valence Group provided M&A advisory services to Tessenderlo on the transaction.
Joshua Hay, Partner at The Valence Group commented: This divestment marks another step in Tessenderlos strategic transformation into a specialty chemical company.
The Valence Group is a specialist M&A investment bank offering advisory services exclusively to companies and investors in the chemicals, materials and related sectors. The senior members of The Valence Group have more than 250 years of collective transaction experience and have closed M&A transactions in over 100 different chemicals/materials subsectors. The Valence Group team includes a unique combination of professionals with backgrounds in investment banking, strategic consulting and senior management within the chemicals and materials industries, all focused exclusively on providing M&A advisory services to the chemicals and materials sector. The firm’s offices are located in New York, London, and Shanghai.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.391632
Retrieved Text: Vempathy blends together three different data streams from your participants reactions: facial expression, verbal inflection, and contextual sentiment. The contextual sentiment focuses on what was said, the verbal inflection focuses on how it was said, and the facial expression helps determine the emotion of the participant as they are completing the task.
The overall emotional score integrates our expressiveness, attention, and valence measures to give an overall score of the feeling a participant has when completing a task. For tasks with a low emotional score, this indicates a negative emotional reaction to completing the task. Inversely, if a task shows a high emotional score, the participants experience a positive emotion while completing the task. Depending on the objectives of your study, you may focus on one or the other.
A high expressiveness score indicates the participant’s facial muscles appear to be active and expressive during the task. This does not mean that participants with a low expressiveness score are disengaged, rather their facial expressions aren’t showing enough activity to indicate a high level of expressiveness.
A high attention score indicates the participants facial angles indicate a focus on the screen they are looking at. A low attention score would indicate that a participant is not focusing to the screen and may be focusing away from the task at hand, or possibly at something offscreen.
A positive valence is associated with positive emotions, such as joy or delight for example. A negative valence is associated with emotions such as anger and fear for example. The valence of a particular task can

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.341526
Retrieved Text: The Valence Gown has a fitted waist with a long sleek fishtail skirt. The Valence Gown features a fitted bodice and three-dimensionally curving deep ruffle over the shoulder detail.
This gown makes a grand statement for a formal evening. The Valence Gown is crafted in England from a pebble textured Jacquard woven in Italy.
Also available in Brown, please email to enquire.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.313421
Retrieved Text: The last couple of months I've been reworking the Chemistry Development Kit (CDK) handling of Simplified molecular-input line-entry system (SMILES). In this process there has been a couple of discoveries which may be interesting to share. Something previously not provided by the CDK was correct handling of implicit valence.
Both the Daylight Theory Manual and OpenSMILES Specification explain the concept for the organic subset. The specifications provide a more detailed explanation but as a simple example with the SMILES '[CH2]=[CH][CH3]' we can omit hydrogens counts and just write 'C=CC'. However, with '[CH]=[CH][CH3]' we must include the count on the first atom '[CH]=CC'. We include the labelled count if the implied count does not match.
The OpenSMILES specification explains how we can determine the implied hydrogen count.
This approach is simple and elegant for the aliphatic subset with non-aromatic bonds but what about the aromatic subset? One could speculate we have to assign explicit bond orders (kekulizé) a molecule to obtain the correct counts. Indeed the OpenSMILES specification seems to suggest that.
"...the SMILES software must verify that electrons can be assigned without violating the valence rules..."
Personally, I do not believe this to be the case and having the correct hydrogen count provides an additional validation if we do assign a kekulé structure.
Perhaps how we get the count for the aromatic subset is obvious and doesn't need including in the specification. However as I will show there are a couple approaches used by the different (open source) toolkits.
Disclaimer: I may be completely wrong but given the lack of documented explanation on

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.309511
Retrieved Text: (chemistry) Having an atomic valence of 1, or having only one valence.
(medicine) Having a vaccine valence of 1.
(genetics) Of, or relating to, a chromosome that is not paired with its homologous chromosome during synapsis.
(complex analysis, of a (holomorphic) function) (Holomorphic and) injective.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.29662
Retrieved Text: The Hydrogen atoms are included in the molecule implicitly, explicitly, or both. The implicit hydrogen count is calculated from the valence of the atom. It equals the valence of the atom minus the valence calculated from the bond connections. It is accurate if and only if there is no further modification on the structure since the last valence check.
System.out.println(i+"th atom has "+implicitH+" implicit and "
The implicit hydrogen atoms can be converted to explicit ones and vice cersa.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.18469
Retrieved Text: The easiest no-sew window valence ever! The easiest no-sew window valence ever!
Who’s ready for a seriously easy way make a window valence? You don’t even need your sewing machine for this one people!
If you know me well, you know that I’m a huge fan of mixing and matching fabric patterns so when I was designing this room for my little lady I went with a very pale purple on purple stripe on the walls and then added a big shot of pink with the crib bedding I chose. The sheets for the bedding came in polka-dots and this damask pattern and I ordered one of each cause my pregnancy brain could not make a choice for the life of me!
That ended up being a good thing, because although I went with the polka-dots for the actual crib sheet, this damask crib sheet ended up becoming this ruffled valence in less than 20 mintutes.
(optional) a scrap piece of fabric like an old white sheet to use as a liner depending on the darkness of your crib sheet.
Step 2: Predrill holes in your board. 3-4 for a standard size window should be plenty.
Step 3: Cut the elastic off of one long side of your crib sheet.
If you are lining your valance, you will also need to cut a scrap piece of fabric about the same size as the crib sheet. I used an old yucky white sheet for this.
Step 5: Once your sheet and lining are secured to the board, simply tuck the bottom edge of the lining

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.182281
Retrieved Text: Do you want to feel the joy of free moving around the city? Do you want to be independent without using any public transport? Then choose car hire Valence, France! Car hire Valence, France is a comfortable car rental service you could only dream of before. Now you can arrange cheap car hire Valence, France online in few clicks. So you will save not only your money, but also your precious time!

================



======= Instance Index 50 =========
Input Text: Given that A: And you also get a lot of, uh, juries are extremely, uh, and from what I hear, I have some friends who do expert witness testimony and they say that, uh, juries are extremely vulnerable to, uh, sort of emotional pitches, you know, the prosecutor will want to, oh, I don't know show the mugging victim, you know, show the nice person he was and what a family life, and basically get the jury to be very sympathetic with the victim, or, uh, if it's a corporation, that was, uh, you know, harming some individual or something like that, they get very much, well, you know, it's just a big faceless corporation. let's make them pay as much as possible. Things like that. B: Uh-huh. A: So, not, I mean, I'm, the problem is I can't guarantee that a judge would necessarily be much better than a jury, but I'd be real nervous having a jury not at least fully agree on what the settlements would be, things like that. B: Ri-,  I don't think the judge should just make the decision alone. Therefore, it must be true that "the judge should just make the decision alone"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.118784
Retrieved Text: Divorce Lawyer Manhattan - Why The Judge Taking So Long To Make A Decision?
You are here: Home / Uncategorized / Divorce Lawyer Manhattan – Why Is The Judge Taking So Long To Make A Decision?
I’m a divorce lawyer Manhattan. As such, we often hear from clients complain about the NYC divorce judges taking too long to make a decision on issues in divorce. The above complaint comes up in two different, but often related, situations: first, a judge who has “reserved” decision but who is taking an excessive amount of time to complete it; and second, a judge who, court appearance after court appearance, just won’t make up his or her mind, leaving it to the parties and their attorneys to try to work things out.
The former situation can be partially explained by divorce lawyer Manhattan as a general congestion in matrimonial courts.
In 2017 alone, approximately 4,000 new contested matrimonial cases, and approximately 16,000 new uncontested matrimonial cases were filed in New York City (Bronx, Kings, New York, Queens, and Richmond counties). This number does not include cases filed in previous years that continued into 2017. For context, only approximately 15 judges preside over contested matrimonial cases for all five boroughs, meaning that each judge presiding over a matrimonial part has at least 250 cases per year, and likely much closer to 300 or 400. With this in mind, it is no wonder judges encourage parties to settle – they simply do not have time to hold a trial or render a written decision in every

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.000862
Retrieved Text: The Florida decision was just issued on January 31. It?s not entirely clear what the judge ordered. Let?s wait and see what the Department of Justice does and what happens next.
The decision is being used to stir up confusion. Let?s not add to that confusion by changing the status quo away from the careful path of review and implementation that is underway.
The judge did not rule against the state. His ruling only applies to the federal government. The state can and should continue what it is doing: carefully paving the way for health reform in 2014?activity that is and will be matched by significant federal matching funds.
Judge Vinson is only one judge and this is one decision. So far, at least six federal district courts have dismissed cases that sought to have the ACA declared unconstitutional. Two courts have found the ACA individual responsibility mandate to be constitutional, and two have found it unconstitutional.
Judge Vinson's opinion contains many errors. Here is a web site identifying over 40 errors: www.americanprogress.org/issues/2011/02/vinson.html.
Judge Vinson is at odds with the only other decision holding the ACA individual responsibility provision to be unconstitutional. Virginia Federal District Judge Hudson declared the provision to be unconstitutional but easily found it to be severable from the remainder of the ACA. As he noted, the provision is not to be implemented until 2014.
Judge Vinson began his own analysis with the following observation: ?Severability is a doctrine of judicial restraint.? Slip Op. at 64. The remainder of the opinion should be looked at with skepticism because he

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.704704
Retrieved Text: Claimants denied for Social Security Disability Insurance can generally request an appeal of the denial decision within 60 days of receiving their denial letter. If its the first denial claimants generally request a reconsideration (although some states have eliminated this level of appeal). If its their second denial claimants can request an administration hearing.
If you have requested an administrative hearing theres a strong possibility that your claim has been denied multiple times. The good news, however, is that the administrative hearing will give you the best possible chance of getting approved for benefits. In fact, it will be the first chance you have had to plead your case directly to a person with the authority to make a disability decision. With that in mind, its critical that you attend the hearing if possible. If its not possible, however, review your two alternatives detailed below.
The first alternative to not attending a disability hearing is to attend a video conference at a specified location while the administrative law judge appears remotely by video. This may be a good option if you live too far from a Social Security Office of Disability Adjudication & Review (ODAR) and you cannot travel great distances.
Consider, however, that while this option may be preferable to simply requesting that the judge make a decision based on your disability file alone, there is no substitute to attending a hearing in person and allowing the judge to assess your credibility.
Additionally, its not unusual for video conferences to be delayed or disrupted by any number of issues

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.891815
Retrieved Text: On 5th October, Chris Mills took time out of his busy schedule to come and talk to final year law students about what a typical day as a district judge consists of. It is safe to say that this was a subject that we knew very little about!
Chris informed us that as a district judge he deals with cases in the county court, covering mainly civil and family matters. Additionally, he has the power to deal with bankruptcy cases as well. As a district judge Chris has the power to disbar directors and the power to send to prison. This is something that was particularly intriguing to most of the student advisers.
At the beginning of the day, the district judge will receive a collection of files to read through in preparation for the cases they will hear throughout the day. This gives them an insight and advance warning of the types of cases that will appear before them during the course of that day. This might be rental and mortgage possession matters, small claims hearings, and a range of family matters including contact with children.
The most fascinating fact that perhaps most people do not know is that district judge’s sits alone, apart from the company of an usher showing the parties in and out. The layout is just desk to desk, with the district judge sitting at the front of the room, and the parties sitting directly in front of them with only a wooden gate separating the two. Remarkably enough, those parties known to be

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.586967
Retrieved Text: The cost-cutting agenda behind moving tribunal hearings online has been further exposed in new regulations which will to allow ministers and senior judges to cut the number of people sitting on panels, including social security appeal tribunals.
The First-tier Tribunal and Upper Tribunal (Composition of Tribunal) (Amendment) Order 2018 allows the Senior President of Tribunals (SPT) to decide on the number of panel members for any type of tribunal.
In addition, in the future the SPT has to first consult with a government minister before making any decision.
The government claim that the aim is to make “the use of tribunal panel members should be more tailored and flexible”.
The fear is that the aim is simply to cut costs by ensuring that the vast majority of tribunals have only a judge sitting alone.
At present ESA tribunals have a medical member as well as a judge. PIP and DLA tribunals have a judge, a medical member and a person with specialist knowledge of disability issues.
Under the new rules the SPT could decide that all social security hearings would be heard by a judge sitting alone, with a medical member only in special cases. The use of a disability specialist could be dropped altogether.
Many Benefits and Work readers will be able to tell tales of medical members, and even disability members, of panels who behaved in a distrustful and even hostile manner, whilst the judge appeared to be fair and sympathetic.
But it is equally the case that it is often the medical member who points out flaws in the evidence collected

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.214634
Retrieved Text: On behalf of Gardberg & Kemmerly, P.C. Attorneys at Law posted in Social Security Disability on Monday, January 17, 2011.
Social Security Disability and Supplemental Security Income cases often end up being heard by an Administrative Law Judge. An Administrative Law Judge will hear your testimony, review the documents in your record, often consult a vocational expert, and occasionally get the opinion of a medical expert. Based on his or her review of your complete record, the Administrative Law Judge will make a written decision on your Social Security disability case. The majority of these decisions are either Favorable or Unfavorable. Some, however, are "Partially Favorable." In layman's terms, this just means that the decision isn't giving you everything you asked for in your application. Many decisions are partially favorable because the Administrative Law Judge found you to be disabled after your alleged onset date. Others may find that you were disabled for only a specific period of time (a closed period). Partially favorable decisions can have a huge impact on your benefits. For example, a partially favorable decision may find that you became disabled after your date last insured. This means that based on the decision, you will not be able to receive any Disability Insurance Benefits.
You can appeal a partially favorable decision to the Appeals Council, but you should know that the Appeals Council will look at your whole decision, not just the parts that unfavorable to you. That means that the Appeals Council could decide that you are not entitled to any Social Security

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.022505
Retrieved Text: A Seventh Circuit panel, in an opinion by Judge Posner, essentially holds large aspects of the federal Sentencing Guidelines scheme unconstitutional because of the recent Supreme Court Blakely decision. (That’s an oversimplification, but it’s close enough.) Judge Easterbrook dissents.
Special bonus: Use of the words “ukase” and “discombobulate.” Thanks to Doug Berman (Sentencing Law and Policy) and How Appealing for the pointer.
Procedure first. The Supreme Court alone is entitled to declare one of its decisions defunct. Even if later decisions wash away the earlier one’s foundation, still the power to administer the coup de grâce belongs to our superiors. See, e.g., State Oil Co. v. Khan, 522 U.S. 3, 20 (1997); Rodriguez de Quijas v. Shearson/American Express, Inc., 490 U.S. 477, 484 (1989). . . . The Supreme Court alone can make a definitive judgment.
Slip Op. at 12. The reference to State Oil v. Khan is particularly poignant. Why? Because the appellate court opinion in Khan goes to great pains to adhere to Supreme Court precedent (precedent, in that case, described as having “increasingly wobbly, moth-eaten foundations”) despite its strongly-expressed reluctance to do so. The appellate opinion in Khan practically begs the Supreme Court to reverse, but nonetheless feels bound by existing, if “moth-eaten,” precedent. Of course the opinion was authored by Judge Posner.
I should mention that Posner does, in his opinion in Booker (in the paragraph containing the word, “ukase,” in fact), note the potential conflict with the State Oil v. Khan dictum, and he deals with and dismisses it. Still, Easterbrook’s subtle barb seems to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.802084
Retrieved Text: How much autonomy is too much for AI?
AI has the power to make decisions on our behalf and the world is getting excited. But there’s always that nagging question: Who will be the servant and who will be the master? Should we approach AI from a completely different angle? Should we actually hand over control at all and let the AI make its own decisions?
Well, to an extent, in some circumstances, we’re going to have to let go of the reins. AI with no decision-making power really is not AI at all.
There’s no way to reap the massive benefits of machine learning if it has to wait for human input every time there’s a decision to be made. A self-driving car, for instance, simply couldn’t happen if it needed to ask a human for input whenever it had to turn or slow down. Such a vehicle would be exactly like the cars we all know today.
We want to hand over some decisions to machines because we’re forced to make so many. If you believe the Microsoft To-Do adverts, they say we make 35,000 every single day. There’s no study to back that up, but Cornell University revealed we make more than 200 decisions a day purely based on food, so it’s a reasonably educated guess.
But the interesting point is that most of them are instinctive. We don’t even think about them because they’re hardwired into our brain. When we drive by ourselves and steer away from a potential hazard, or slow down because a situation is

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.753077
Retrieved Text: The Supreme Court ruled Monday that white firefighters in New Haven, Conn., were unfairly denied promotions because of their race, reversing a decision that high court nominee Sonia Sotomayor endorsed as an appeals court judge.
“Fear of litigation alone cannot justify an employer’s reliance on race to the detriment of individuals who passed the examinations and qualified for promotions,” Justice Anthony Kennedy said in his opinion for the court.
…the appellate judges have been criticized for producing a cursory opinion that failed to deal with “indisputably complex and far from well-settled” questions, in the words of another appeals court judge, Sotomayor mentor Jose Cabranes.
“This perfunctory disposition rests uneasily with the weighty issues presented by this appeal,” Cabranes said, in a dissent from the full 2nd Circuit’s decision not to hear the case.
The Supreme Court’s decision is correct; the city’s action was discriminatory on the basis of race and ethnicity. Given that fact, it’s disappointing to see a 5-4 decision. And Justice Ginsburg’s dissent makes it very clear that in her opinion, race-neutral merit selection for employment-related actions is flawed if it doesn’t result in some kind of predetermined success rate — quotas, in effect. That’s sad, and it indicates the direction the court will likely take if it’s composition becomes more leftist over the next few years.
That said, I continue to support the confirmation of Judge Sotomayor. The voters put President Obama in the White House, and they gave Democrats the majority in Congress. This is the nominee of their choice, and they should get what they want.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.728588
Retrieved Text: In a 4-3 decision, the Florida Supreme Court resolved a conflict between its lower courts as to whether a judge may be a Facebook "friend" with an attorney appearing before the judge. The Third and Fifth Districts had held that mere social media friendship alone is not a sufficient basis to disqualify a judge. The Fourth District had held that recusal is required when a judge is a Facebook "friend" with a prosecutor. Borrowing from the long recognized legal principle of Florida law that a mere traditional friendship between a judge and an attorney, standing alone, is not sufficient to disqualify the judge, the Florida Supreme Court extended that rule of law to social media friendships, holding that "an allegation that a trial judge is a Facebook 'friend' with an attorney appearing before the judge, standing alone, does not constitute a legally sufficient basis for disqualification."
A law firm sued a former client for breach of contract and fraud. During the litigation, the law firm contended that the former client's executive was a potential witness and a potential defendant. The former client hired a former judge to represent the executive. The law firm moved to disqualify the trial judge on the basis that the former judge was listed as a "friend" on the trial judge's Facebook page. The law firm's representatives signed affidavits stating their fears of not receiving a fair and impartial trial because of the Facebook friendship. The trial court denied the disqualification motion. The law firm filed a petition for writ of prohibition.
The Third

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.505274
Retrieved Text: Video: How does sentencing in federal cases work?
Federal sentencing is probably the least intuitive process for any lawyer, let alone a non-lawyer, to contemplate. If you watch a typical criminal sentence on a television show or even listen to the news, you quickly realize that many sentences are based upon an agreement between the prosecutor and a defense attorney.
For example, in the state of Texas, if somebody broke into a car, you could as a defense lawyer approach that prosecutor and say, “Hey, can we agree to a probation?” or “Hey, can we agree to ten days in jail as a sentence?” If the prosecutor agrees, you can take that agreement to a judge and 99 times out of 100, that’s the sentence that the client will get.
In the federal system, the prosecutor almost never has the authority to make an offer for a specific sentence. Instead, you go through this complicated United States guidelines computation to give a suggestion to the judge, who solely makes the sentencing decision. They suggest, “Well, you should get kind of this range,” and then the judge can go above or below it. The bottom line is the judge decides, and you have no idea until the day you’re sentenced — one is blinded and one certain. That is probably the easiest way to explain how sentencing in federal cases work.
We hope you found this information about sentencing in federal cases helpful. For more information on federal criminal defense, visit our federal crimes page or call us at (817) 203-2220.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.337528
Retrieved Text: In every criminal case, there are several possible outcomes, as your criminal defense lawyer will explain to you. The case may go to trial, there may be a plea entered by the client, or the state may drop the charges. The decisions whether to go to trial or enter a plea should never be made lightly and require a lot of research, preparation, and conversations between the criminal defense lawyer and the client.
In the last several weeks, I have been to first appearance quite a few times, and I am always reminded that people make the decision to enter a plea to a criminal offense very quickly. In the majority of cases it is not an educated choice. In Duval County, when you are arrested, you will go in front of a Judge at first appearance the next day. Before you see the Judge, you will watch a video, where Judge Derke explains what your options are in terms of entering a plea to a criminal offense. If you are charged with a misdemeanor, you have the option to enter a plea right then and there. Many people think that is the only choice they have to get out of jail. That is not true!! Please don’t think you have to enter a plea that day to get out. The whole purpose of first appearance is for the Judge to evaluate your bail, set it, and set bond conditions. You are entitled to bail and one will be set. Only under very extreme and egregious circumstances

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.308655
Retrieved Text: In, Ledcor Construction Ltd. v. Northbridge Indemnity Insurance Co, 2016 SCC 37, the Supreme Court of Canada has held that the interpretation of a standard form contract is a matter of law alone, and not a matter of mixed fact and law. Accordingly, it is not sufficient for a judge to arrive at a reasonable interpretation of a standard form contract: the interpretation must be correct or it may be set aside by an appellate court.
In this respect, the Supreme Court has decided that a different standard of review applies to standard form contracts than for contracts generally. In Sattva Capital Corp. v. Creston Moly Corp., 2014 SCC 53,  2 S.C.R. 633, the Supreme Court held that a decision of an arbitrator interpreting a contract amounted to a matter of mixed fact and law, and not just a question of law. Accordingly, the Supreme Court held that the B.C. Court of Appeal had no jurisdiction to grant leave to appeal on a matter of law from a decision of a trial court upholding the arbitral award.
General contracts; The interpretation of these contracts amounts to a question of mixed fact and law. Appellate courts will show great defence to a trial judge’s decision interpreting the contract.
Standard form contracts: The interpretation of these contracts amounts to a question of law alone. Appellate courts may reverse the trial judge’s decision if that decision is not correct.
For those involved in arbitration, the question is whether these two standards will be imported into the review of arbitral decisions.
The Supreme Court’s

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.281805
Retrieved Text: A U.N. judge at the Khmer Rouge tribunal has issued a confidential order to remove the team of lawyers representing former Khmer Rouge navy chief Meas Muth, who is under investigation for war crimes in a case staunchly opposed by the Cambodian government.
The lawyers, Michael Karnavas and Ang Udom, were appointed to defend Meas Muth in December 2012 at the suspect’s request. They also represented former Foreign Minister Ieng Sary for over five years, before his death in March 2013 in the midst of his own crimes against humanity trial.
Investigating Judge Mark Harmon said in his decision, dated January 10, that the lawyers’ work on Ieng Sary’s case and their defense of Meas Muth could give rise to conflicts of interest, even after Ieng Sary’s death, and ordered the court to appoint new defense lawyers in their place.
Judge Harmon said there was evidence that Ieng Sary acted as a superior to Meas Muth and that the facts in their cases were closely interrelated. Although Meas Muth was a military official who reported largely to the Khmer Rouge defense minister, he did file at least one secret report directly to Ieng Sary, according to the allegations against him.
The judge also said that Mr. Karnavas and Mr. Udom might be less zealous in their defense of Meas Muth due to their lingering loyalty to Ieng Sary and their commitment to a defense strategy that sought to downplay his decision-making power and importance within the regime.
“Even after Ieng Sary’s death, the Co-Lawyers-Designate still have a duty of loyalty to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.219223
Retrieved Text: If you find yourself in the District Court as a result of receiving a summons or having been arrested and charged through the charge sheet procedure you will be asked how you plead on your first occasion in Court.
If you plead guilty then that is the end of the matter and the Judge (and it will be a Judge alone in the District Court) will sentence you or adjourn the matter to have community service or probation reports prepared before sentencing.
If however on your first occasion before the Court you plead not guilty then the matter will be adjourned and your solicitor will ask the Judge for a hearing date and to make an order for him/her to be furnished with the evidence that will be used to try to secure your conviction.
This can simply be a précis of the evidence or a Gary Doyle order but whichever order is made your solicitor will be entitled to receive Garda statements, custody records (if any), and videotape evidence(if any).
Your case will also be given a date for trial.
On the day of the trial your case will be called by the Court clerk and the prosecution solicitor or commonly the prosecuting Garda will give his/her evidence of the alleged offence and the circumstances surrounding it.
If there is a solicitor involved for the State then he/she will carry out a direct examination of all of the state’s witnesses. Your solicitor will then cross examine the state’s witnesses and attempt to raise doubts about their version of events to raise

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.07875
Retrieved Text: The matter in which the NCA is seeking a court order for the President to give Zimbabweans more time before the referendum was heard by the High Court yesterday. It was heard in chambers as an urgent application. The presiding judge was the Judge President, Justice George Chiweshe. The President was represented by a team of lawyers led by Deputy Attorney General Mr. Prince Machaya. The NCA was represented by Mr. Alec Muchadehama and Andrew Makoni from Mbidzo, Muchadehama and Makoni.
The President, through his lawyers, raised a preliminary point challenging the jurisdiction of the High Court. They argued that the President had certain prerogatives which cannot be questioned by the courts. One such prerogative is setting a date for a referendum. The President's lawyers argued that the court had no powers to review the President's decision of setting March 16 as the date of the referendum. On that basis alone, they wanted the court to dismiss the NCA application. They relied on a section on presidential powers in the Constitution of Zimbabwe. For the NCA, Mr. Muchadehama submitted that the High Court had jurisdiction to review the decision of the President. He argued that the section of the Constitution of Zimbabwe relied on by the president's lawyers for their argument was not applicable and that every exercise of power by the President was subject to review by the courts.
The judge reserved judgment on this preliminary point and promised to make his decision on Wednesday, 27 February. It is that decision on Wednesday which will determine whether

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.981003
Retrieved Text: ORR is prohibited from using forensic odontology exclusively to determine age by the 2008 Trafficking Victims Reauthorization and Protection Act. But the agency has broken that law in the past. In 2016 a federal judge found that ORR had used X-rays alone to send a Somali boy to ICE detention, as reported in a story about dental age assessments in May by Reveal. The judge ordered that the child be returned to ORR custody.
“My understanding of the immigration people's responsibility is that they have to take a holistic approach. They have to look at all of the available evidence and then combine all of that evidence into a decision about whether or not someone has reached the age of majority. That is not a decision that I make, and our reports do not indicate that,” he said.
In court filings, Matt Adams, a lawyer for the Northwest Immigrant Rights Project who worked on the case, argued that ORR had relied only on the dental evidence to assess age. "My assumption was that the agency relied upon that probability percentage then to make that determination that the client is no longer a child," Adams said.
The affidavit says that the age estimation data in Senn’s report “reflects a fundamental lack of the statistical expertise required to offer meaningful analysis."
Senn, though, emphasizes that the data supports a range — not a precise age--and that his reports make that clear. And when he’s unsure of a category, or not sure whether to assign one or choose “unknown,” Senn said he assigns

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.970083
Retrieved Text: At the Office of Disability Adjudication and Review (ODAR) in Greensboro, North Carolina, 11 different administrative law judges (ALJ) conduct Social Security Disability (SSD) hearings and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) hearings. Currently, in Greensboro, the average wait time for a SSI or SSD hearing is 20.0 months. The average case processing time in Greensboro is 718 days.The Greensboro average for winning a SSI or SSD disibility hearing is 56%. Click on the name of one of the ALJs below to see detailed information about their hearing results. This information for the Greensboro ODAR office was last updated on 3/9/2018.
She comes in with her mind made up and has zero empathy.
HAD MY HEARING ON 12/20/2018. JUDGE GRAHAM ASKED ME QUESTIONS, MY LAWYER ASKED ME QUESTIONS, AND THE VOCATIONAL OFFICER ON VIDEO TOLD THE JUDGE THERE WAS NO WORK I COULD DO. THE JUDGE RULED IN MY FAVOR IM VERY SATISFIED HE WAS PROFESSIONAL AND CARING ABOUT MY SITUATION AND WHAT I COULD OR COULD NOT DO. I ALSO WANT TO THANK MY ATTORNEY MR. JASON WILSON WHO DID A GREAT JOB FOR ME.
Hello..My name ..Is James Powell Had a Hearing on aug the 20th..I Want to make sure you have my right Address ..414.E.NW.Blvd.Win-Salem..NC 27101..Thank you..
Great judge and very respectful! He was friendly, attentive, and had a very caring nature. He never interrupted me and looked at all of the facts. Very professional. It took me 3 years to get to this point and I waited almost 6 months for a decision but it was Fully Favorable

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.962425
Retrieved Text: Gary J. Frank P.C. - Phoenix AZ Divorce & Family Law Blog: WHO CARES HOW I DRESS FOR COURT? -- WELL . . . MAYBE THE JUDGE.
WHO CARES HOW I DRESS FOR COURT? -- WELL . . . MAYBE THE JUDGE.
"My attorney advised me that for my custody trial next month, I should cut my hair, trim my beard, and trade my T-shirt and jeans for a nice shirt and slacks. I find that advice insulting. I’m a good guy and a good parent, so why should it matter?"
"I believe you, and I would accept you just the way you are. On the other hand, I’m not the one holding your fate in his hands. Your future as a parent is in the hands of the person in the long, black robe – the Superior Court Judge.
Here’s my advice . . . It’s up to you, but before you make your decision, keep this in mind: Like it or not, the judge is the person who has the power to determine your fate, and your children’s future."

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.893604
Retrieved Text: If you’ve arrived on this page, I know you’ve been on a difficult path. There is little more challenging in life than raising kids, let alone trying to raise them with a previous partner that you struggle to get along with or disagree with on parenting approaches.
When you’re in the middle of parenting time or decision making struggles, it can be hard to see the forest for the trees. Since the judge is unable to really get out and gather all the information they need to make the best decision for the child(ren), they hire someone like me.
And that’s really what it’s all about: the kids.
With my background as a mental health, substance abuse, and play therapist, I have developed a keen skill in focusing on what is in the best interests of children. I have extensive training and experience in understanding child development, family systems, and engaging people in an honest way. I will not take your or the other parent’s side. I hold the belief that most parents are doing the best they can with what they know and what resources they have at the time. I am eternally on the side of your children and what will help them grow up to be as healthy, happy, and balanced as they can.
It’s my job to gather as much information as I am able to and present that in a clear, concise manner to the judge so they are able to make the best judgment they can. Though I do make recommendations based on my

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.81961
Retrieved Text: The ACLU of Kentucky’s Reproductive Freedom Project is dedicated to protecting and expanding reproductive rights for all Kentuckians through education, advocacy, and litigation.
In 1989, the U.S. Supreme Court handed down the Webster decision, signaling that states would have greater ability to impose restrictions on access to abortion services. Recognizing the need for full-time staff resources dedicated to pro-choice advocacy work, the ACLU of Kentucky Reproductive Freedom Project (RFP) was founded under the guidance of Suzy Post, then executive director of the ACLU of Kentucky.
The RFP has a lobbying arm for state Reproductive Freedom issues.
Develop message points and strategy.
The National ACLU and the ACLU of Kentucky have been involved in litigation for nearly all abortion rights case in Kentucky over the past four decades.
“Talking About Abortion” workshops to help people become more comfortable discussing the highly charged issue.
Presentations to classes, student groups, faith-based organizations and various civic organizations.
DONATE Contribute financially to the work of the ACLU Reproductive Freedom Project.
SPEAK OUT Join the ACLU Action Alert List to learn about legislation affecting reproductive freedom and how to call or write your elected officials. Or come lobby with us during the annual sessions of the Kentucky General Assembly.
RAISE AWARENESS Host one of our educational presentations.
In Kentucky, if you are under 18 and have never been married you must have the consent of a parent or a judge before you can have an abortion.
If you decide to have an abortion and you cannot tell one of your parents, you have the right to get a court order from a judge.
A

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.764835
Retrieved Text: When should a church leader act as judge?
Sometimes Christians complain too much about the behaviour of people who are not Christians. Perhaps those Christians are just gossiping. Or perhaps they are genuinely worried about the state of this world.
There are proper reasons why Christians should be aware of other people’s evil deeds. Christians have a duty to pray for other people. Also, Christians must sometimes explain to people why their actions are against God’s law. And Christians should help people who suffer because of other people’s evil and cruel actions.
Christians should always remember that God is the judge. They themselves do not normally have any authority to act as judges. So instead, they must trust God to do what is right. And they must only deal with those matters that God wants them to deal with.
However, there is one matter where God gives some Christians authority to make judgements. It is in the organisation of churches. Church leaders must sometimes make important decisions about the members of their churches. And in those matters, the church leader acts as a judge.
It is a serious responsibility, and the church leader must pray carefully. God’s word, the Bible, should guide his decision, as the law guides a judge. The church leader must not show favour (special kindness) to someone who is wealthy, impressive or important. He must do what God wants him to do.
The church leaders at Corinth had to ask a very evil man to leave their church (5:1). It was a difficult thing to do. But God

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.75552
Retrieved Text: Child custody is one of the most painful, complex, and expensive forms of litigation. Obviously, it is painful as it involves children that are the most important factor. More than property, money, or other monetary asset, the children are the ones who matter most.
When child custody is disputed, petitions may have to be filed with the court system which detail each parent's strengths and weaknesses. This is where a family can encounter their personal matters quickly becoming public record. Whether or not there are accusations of wrongdoing, such as abuse, neglect, mental issues, and so forth, it is a difficult process to go through and one should never go at it alone.
There is also the issue of expense. Parents who don't agree on visitation or custody are then ordered to go through mediation. If this method is not successful, then the court may appoint experts in order to investigate any allegations and determine what is in the best interests of the children. These experts might be a guardian ad litem, court-appointed representative, or a mental health specialist for your children.
The judge will end up making custody decisions for the family if the parents cannot agree. The decision is based on the evidence that is offered, and accepted, as well, the judge may of may not be persuaded by what he or she hears. This evidence comes from the parents, experts, other family members, and anyone else who may have seen or heard things that the judge could use in order to come to a decision. It

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.697927
Retrieved Text: The US Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit today overruled a federal judge in Wisconsin's decision halting an investigation into alleged coordination between Gov. Walker's recall campaign and supposedly "independent" outside groups.
Four months ago, a federal district judge in Wisconsin abruptly halted a long-running state investigation into alleged coordination between Governor Scott Walker’s recall campaign and a number of supposedly “independent” outside groups. Whatever one thinks about the wisdom of that investigation, Judge Rudolph Randa’s decision was a striking instance of judicial chutzpah. Thankfully, a panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit has now restored a modicum of sanity.
In his ideologically-laced opinion, Judge Randa announced that outside groups have a constitutional right to coordinate unlimited “issue” advocacy with candidates in the run-up to elections. In other words, while an ad that says “Defeat Senator Jones because he doesn’t stand with the troops” cannot be coordinated, one that says “Call Senator Jones and tell him to stop hurting the troops” can be. Such a rule would enable easy circumvention of most remaining campaign finance laws. That, Judge Randa admitted, is precisely the point: he believes such circumvention is a constitutional right.
As the Brennan Center argued in an amicus brief filed with the Seventh Circuit, Judge Randa’s view is simply not the law. In fact, his reasoning runs contrary to almost forty years of Supreme Court precedent, including Citizens United. Yet Judge Randa not only broke new ground, he actually claimed that his interpretation of the law was already “clearly established” –

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.68142
Retrieved Text: The state must first prove that liquor wholesalers cannot adequately do the job.
Although Nevada marijuana regulators took action last week to issue recreational marijuana licenses to businesses other than the state’s liquor wholesalers, a judge has put a temporary stop to this plan.
According to the Las Vegas Review Journal, Judge James Todd Russell handed down an order last Friday that prevents any business other than the liquor distributors from putting marijuana on the shelves of the state’s 60 dispensaries. The temporary order, which was requested by the Independent Alcohol Distributors of Nevada, suggests that the alcohol industry has been denied due process by the Department of Taxation.
The department must now prove the liquor distributors cannot adequately handle the job before the injunction can be lifted – something that taxation executive Deonne Contine believes has already been accomplished.
It was just a month ago that Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval issued a “Statement of Emergency” over a marijuana shortage that took place shortly after the state launched its “early sales” program. Reports shows that some of the dispensaries licensed to sell recreational marijuana serviced 10 times as many customers as they did through the medical sector alone.
However, Judge Russell does not believe his decision to halt additional marijuana distribution licenses will sabotage the market. He says the six booze distributors the state has, so far, given permission to transport marijuana from grow facilities to retail outlets should be enough to hold down the fort while the issue is being sorted out.
The language of the initiative (Question 2) that legalized

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.57365
Retrieved Text: Life is wonder full, full of things to wonder about that is, and today I am wondering about the judicial system. I have just spent three days serving on a jury, which for the most part was an interesting and pleasant time. I’ve never before had the experience of coming into a room where everyone stood until I sat down (felt very unusual) and I got to eat a restaurant lunch downtown three days in a row (also felt unusual).
This trial ended after two and a half days of laborious testimony with the judge coming down today, after our lunch break, and dismissing us. Evidently both parties had decided to back up to a previous point where the judge alone could make a decision and he did just that and settled the matter. It was not the decision I would have made, but of course I do not know much about the intricacies of legal proceedings. I cannot figure out why both parties agreed to settle the matter this way and there is a lingering sense of injustice that I just can’t shake.
This is the fourth time I have been closely connected to a matter settled in a courtroom or through legal representation. I’ve felt this sense of injustice every time even though I am grateful for our judicial system – grateful we aren’t out settling our differences at gunpoint in an alley somewhere. These experiences leave me with a disturbing distrust. Ever felt that? Have we created a system that has become so complicated that

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.52327
Retrieved Text: A flurry of developments and reports at the end of the day Friday left significant confusion as to what would happen next with President Trump's refugee and travel ban executive order.
The administration has a few different options to proceed legally, after the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denied the Justice Department's request to put on hold the ruling that froze implementation of the travel and refugee bans.
But now, a move from a judge in the Ninth Circuit means that a bunch of additional judges there likely will be having a say on what happens next.
Here's what happened and how we got here.
On Thursday, the Ninth Circuit issued an order denying the Justice Department's request to stay the Feb. 3 trial court order halting enforcement of the ban. The focus throughout the day Friday was on whether the Trump administration would — and should — go to the Supreme Court seeking a stay (which would allow the ban to be implemented during the legal proceedings).
The problem there, though, is the 4-4 split on the Supreme Court. Inside the White House, there could be significant concern about whether a majority of the court — so at least five justices — would vote to grant a stay. Again, this would involve the issue of whether the ban could be enforced right now.
With that in mind, it made sense when multiple outlets reported Friday afternoon that the Trump administration would not be going to the Supreme Court now — instead continuing to fight out in lower courts

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.462933
Retrieved Text: A divorce brings in quite a lot of matters for you to understand, and one of the major ones is the spousal support which is a major component of a divorce.
The first and foremost step is the decision taken by the judge whether or not you should get spousal support or not. The second decision has a tube made on the person receiving the support and the one providing it. And the decision has to come absolutely from the judge about the amount, receiver and many such things.
The first thing the judge is going to look into is the need of getting spousal support. The recipient’s financial status is evaluated by the judge and then a decision is taken. If a person is capable enough to earn his or her own needs then the decision will be affected accordingly. Also if the person holds an asset which can be used to meet up the requirements then also the decision would be affected. Of course, the determinants here are the length of marital relationship and the other prevailing circumstances.
The one who is directed to pay the support is also evaluated by the court. And for this, the savings, the income, the assets held by the person is checked and verified.
For the marriage which could survive for less than two years or for two years then also, the judge will certainly not penalize the payer to give off “permanent spousal support”. In fact, there is a high possibility that the judge would not ask to make any payment

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.45998
Retrieved Text: Anyone who faces a misdemeanor or felony charge in Pennsylvania has an absolute right to a preliminary hearing. At the “prelim”, the Commonwealth’s goal is to present enough evidence to convince the magisterial district judge that a crime was committed and that the accused probably committed that crime. We lawyers say the Commonwealth has to make out a “prima facie” case. The prelim is not about proving guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. Its main purpose is to safeguard an accused person’s right against illegal arrest and detention. As skilled defense attorneys know, however, the prelim serves other functions, as well.
Because the prosecution’s burden of proof at a prelim is so low, the presiding judge upholds the charges in most cases. The charges are then “bound over” to the county court of common pleas. Knowing their case is almost certainly going to be bound over, many defendants elect to waive their preliminary hearing. That is, the accused, while not admitting guilt, concedes that the prosecution has met its extremely low burden of proof.
Sometimes, it makes it makes sense to waive a prelim. A waiver, for instance, in exchange for the prosecution withdrawing some of the charges may be a good idea. But the decision to waive should not be taken lightly. Even if an accused person or his attorney know the charges will be bound over, the smart play is to have the hearing and make the Commonwealth put on its case. A skillful defense attorney will use the hearing to gather information and evidence that may

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.366428
Retrieved Text: Employees sometimes conduct themselves in an outrageous manner, get fired, and insist that what they did was nowhere even close to just cause for termination. Remarkably, sometimes they succeed and the employer has to pay damages for wrongful dismissal.
Those types of cases make it difficult to advise either side in a wrongful dismissal case as to what a court may or may not consider to be just cause. Since the determination of just cause is essentially a factual one, it is only in rare cases that a definitive opinion can be given.
In my view, a definitive opinion could have been given to the employee Plaintiff in a recent decision of the Court of Appeal called Dziecielski v. Lighting Dimensions Inc. In that case, the Trial Judge had dealt with a situation in which an employee had an unblemished employment record until the day that he was returning to work in a company vehicle which he was operating without the required authorization at that time. He stopped for lunch and drank four beers in one hour. He then got back into the vehicle, lost control of it, destroyed it, and sustained serious injuries. He subsequently pled guilty to having a blood alcohol reading in excess of the legal limit.
At trial, the Judge found this to be serious misconduct and notwithstanding his long term employment relationship and unblemished record, concluded that his conduct constituted just cause for termination.
To succeed in an appeal of a case like this, the appellant has to show that the Trial Judge made a

================



======= Instance Index 40 =========
Input Text: Given that What had brought Gharr and Ten-huc and Pulvidon to the planet at the same time? Why were all of them so interested in why I was there? And if they somehow suspected that I was picking up something valuable why would any of them try to kill me before the pick-up? Therefore, it must be true that "she was picking up something valuable"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.388573
Retrieved Text: Wilson also shared valuable dating tips that she picked up from books on tape.
Rebel Wilson and Liam Hemsworth are co-starring in the new rom-com, "Isn't It Romantic."
Hemsworth recently wed longtime love Miley Cyrus in an intimate affair.
(Michael Parmelee/Warner Bros.) A scene from "Isn't it Romantic."
"It was a really special day," Hemsworth told "GMA."
Although it's Hemsworth and Cyrus' first Valentine's Day as a married couple, Hemsworth confirmed that Cyrus extended the invite for Wilson to crash their date.
This is something everyone's going to want to see.
She posted four pics, including them kissing.
The singer slammed reports she was expecting with her husband.
"I think she should've asked Liam before," Wilson said, laughing. "If I get desperate, great option."
Hemworth chimed in, "I'm all for it. Absolutely."
Wilson, who is single, said she's been picking up dating tips from books on tape. She even shared some valuable advice with "GMA" viewers who may be looking for love.
"Because I'm quite a strong, independent woman, it's good sometimes to give the guy something to do," Wilson said. "I might say, 'Would you mind holding my jacket?' And then you'll say, 'Sure' because you're an awesome guy."
She went on, "You doing me a small favor weirdly makes you closer to me, psychologically. So girls, get the guy to hold your handbag, hold your jacket, just do a small favor for you."
"Isn't It Romantic" hits theaters Feb. 13.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.785736
Retrieved Text: This past weekend we decided to go for a family hike. We went to our favorite, super secret berry picking location because the wild thimbleberries that grow in the area are ripe and ready for picking. Thimbleberries aren't usually grown commercially because of their delicate handling and short shelf life. They're great for home cooking though and taste delicious on toast. If some of you get thimbleberry jam for Christmas, now you'll know where it came from.
In addition to all the thimbleberry picking, we found several other treasures along the way. The really valuable treasures, such as the peacock feathers, cow skull and bird's nest, were collected and hidden in a secret stash. We also found the skull of a large bull. It was too heavy and too far up the mountain to bother carrying back to the secret stash so we had to leave it where it was.
Kia, our little poi dog, joined in the fun and found her own treasure. Her treasure looked suspiciously like a piece of cow carcass. It smelled disturbingly "fresh" too. We tried to confiscate her treasure but she wouldn't give it up. It wasn't until we ignored her and kept walking that she was finally distracted by other things and left her treasure behind. Shh, don't remind her or she might go back to get it.
Other discoveries we made included a fallen log that formed a tunnel and a large tree with a great fort hidden inside. After an hour or so of hiking we decided to stop for

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.510674
Retrieved Text: What Does Your Happy List Reveal About You?
Home/Blog/What Does Your Happy List Reveal About You?
At the beginning of last year, as a grade 9 survivor (no small feat!), Miss 15 decided that grade 10 was going to be a happy year. To her credit, she decided to record one thing on her calendar, at the end of each day, that made her happy. Simple enough. What started out as an idea became a personal challenge to see if she could stick to it.
Most days her happy moment was something simple…taking the dog for a walk…the colour of a sunset…having a friend over…picking wildflowers. Then there were extra special things like the thrill (and the chill) of standing on top of Mt Wellington, Tasmania, in minus 4 degrees with gale force winds blowing!
I recently heard animated chatter coming from her room and poked my head in to see what was up. Her brother had picked up the calendar and started reading some of the entries aloud, reminding her of last year’s happy times. “Could you go through the year and write down your top 5?” I asked. A little later she presented me with a 2015 Happy List which had 11 entries instead of 5; a pretty good effort considering she started with 365!
Nine out of eleven ‘happy times’ had taken place outside in nature. Nature really does nurture us.
None of her ‘happy times’ required spending money. Even taking the dog long boarding involved borrowing her sister’s long board!
It was pretty clear from looking at this list

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.041534
Retrieved Text: On the same day he was arrested for allegedly assaulting a limo driver, Justin Bieber debuted the video for his latest single “Confident” featuring Chance The Rapper.
So he does what any man in his position would do. He pursues her, using a pretty corny pick-up line, no less, all while performing some slick moves behind her with his backup dancers as she blows him off.
JB eventually gets the girl, of course, and he learns a very valuable lesson in picking up women with confidence. “Well, I’d like to Taki to you on the phone” is NOT good pick-up line, fellas.
“Confident” follows “All That Matters” as the second single from Justin Bieber’s new compilation album Journals, available on iTunes!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.712189
Retrieved Text: A dog owner is cleaning up rubbish-festooned open land which could harm canines and using it to raise money for an animal rescue charity.
Laura Douglass became aware of how much waste was around the fields, towpaths and streets of Ince when she started walking there regularly with her puppy Elly.
As an inquisitive young dog Elly began trying to play with bottles, cans and other discarded objects and Laura was worried her paws or face could be injured.
Her worries were increased dramatically when she began to find drug paraphernalia in one particular field.
She decided to start litter picking and as interest in her exploits grew on social media came up with the idea of collecting donations for Paws to the Rescue, the organisation through which she rescued Elly from a life of misery in Spain and brought her to the UK.
Laura, of Cecil Street, said: “When we brought Elly from Spain she was new to absolutely everything and very inquisitive as you would expect from a puppy.
“She spent her first few walks chewing plastic bottles, trying to eat cans. She thought anything that had been thrown away was the best game.
“I got fed up picking litter out of her mouth so I started taking plastic bags out with me and doing litter picking.
“There’s a field near my house which I know as The Rec and it is horrendous for litter.
“You find all the things you would expect but there have also been needles.
“I’m trying not to pick those up even though I’ve got rubber gloves.
“It’s a big

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.503403
Retrieved Text: Mar. 27, 2018 8:00 a.m.
As the spring thaw lays bare the discarded waste of winter, many Canadian fitness enthusiasts are trying to spread the word about plogging, an eco-friendly exercise mashup that combines the endorphin rush of jogging with the environmental benefits of picking up trash.
Plogging is a portmanteau of jogging and the Swedish phrase “plocka upp,” meaning pick up, and the premise is as simple as its name suggests.
Rather than racing past the rubbish strewn along their route, ploggers pick it up to be disposed of properly, and if they’re feeling ambitious, try to squeeze in a few exercises in between pieces of trash as they fill up their bags.
The Swedish-exported fitness craze has gained a small but zealous following in Canada as ploggers try to connect with one another by showing off their trash hauls on social media.
Melanie Knight in Vancouver has taken up a 30-day challenge to collect litter for 10 minutes every day, which she has documented on Instagram with the #10minutetidy hashtag.
She regularly posts selfies of her smiling brightly alongside some of the strange debris she has come across during her daily runs, including a leather belt, a children’s toy, and ironically, a dustpan.
Knight, 33, said she discovered the plogging phenomenon on social media, and as a marine biologist and longtime runner, the concept immediately appealed to both her environmental and athletic sensibilities.
“It just seemed like the perfect combination of kind of making a small change while doing something I’m already doing on a daily basis,” said Knight.
Knight said she never

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.36725
Retrieved Text: I’m actually not a fan of apple picking – majority of the reason being that I used to go every year when I was little. Let’s be honest, it’s hard not to get bored or tired of doing the same thing every year. I think it might also be the fact that I am no longer a child so the appeal has certainly weakened. So, how did I end up here this year? Well, let’s just say my mom played the victim card going on with the world’s smallest violin about how I “never spend time with her anymore” and that going would be a great way to bond. She also nudged le bae to come along because he’s tall and can help pick the best apples (thanks mom).
Fast forward, I find myself amongst the apple trees. We ended up going to Masker Orchards, our go to apple picking spot, on the last day of September. The weather literally played games with us. It drizzled, it was freezing cold, then the sun came out and it was hot as a summer day, then the cold came back saying just kidding. On repeat. I swear, it was like the sun and the cold were competing for the spotlight.
Aside from the constant change in weather, it actually turned out to be a great day. There is something calming about apple picking. I’m not sure if it’s the appreciation of picking something that grew to fruition or if it’s the fresh, crisp taste when you bite into an apple

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.293337
Retrieved Text: The girls went into the pawder room to freshen up and to put on their "fancy clothes" for their birthday adventure.
"What do you think is the most valuable thing?" Molly Malone asked Cricket as she took their feather boas down from a hook.
"The harder something is to replace, the more valuable it must be. If you can run to the store and get another one, it's not as valuable as something you can never get again." said Cricket, washing her snout and paws.
Molly Malone thought about what Cricket was saying as she got a nice cold drink from the Porcelain Spring.
"But Wiggle doesn't have any money," said Molly Malone. "We all have to pitch in just to keep her running. The most valuable thing in the world probably costs a lot of money."
"Whatever it is," thought Cricket outloud, "we are going to have to make sure it never gets lost or stolen."
"It's a big responsibility to take care of a valuable gift, because you never want to lose it," said Cricket as she admired her diamond ring. "But we are old enough now to handle an impawtant gift."
"Mirror, Mirror, on the wall, what is the most valuable thing of all?" laughed the girls, half expecting the mirror to speak to them.
All they saw in the mirror was themselves, (looking rather beautiful they thought).
"Maybe WE are the most valuable of all," laughed Molly Malone. "Let's go see if the guys are ready!"

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.263838
Retrieved Text: Home » Blog » Articles » Volunteering makes you happy!
It’s official – volunteering can be addictive! Because it’s not just a one-way transaction, the positive feeling you get from volunteering brings loads of personal benefits. When you think about it, why do several retired folk go to their local community centre to help out every day? It isn’t just because they have plenty of time – they genuinely enjoy it because they feel a sense of achievement and worth.
On her way to the office recently, Helen in the admin team noticed something in the middle of the road. Although she couldn’t see clearly what it was, it seemed to be about half a metre high and brownish in colour. At first, she wondered if it was a teddy bear but then was very worried when she realised it might have been someone’s pet. As a car turned slowly into the road, Helen dashed across to rescue whatever it was sitting abandoned in the middle of the street. You can imagine her relief when she found it was a bag filled to the brim with leftover takeaway and paper cups! Instinctively, she picked up the bag and as there wasn’t a bin, left it on the side of the path up against the fence out of harm’s way. An elderly lady was passing, saw Helen picking up the bag and commented “Oh that’s good of you, I would’ve picked it up too. What litterbugs to leave it there in the road; it could’ve caused an accident and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.238548
Retrieved Text: I really felt like drawing something and this 5 gallon water bottle was right in front of me. It was picking up the yellowish light from the kitchen. This is my first post, so I hope I loaded the image correctly. Tell me what you think.
Great job, it describes it perfectly!
Sure looks like 4-gallons left to me.
Well done. And a warm welcome.
Welcome to the ArtRage forum! What a great image to start with. I'll look forward to seeing more of your work.
It's a very pleasing shape and the colours play beautifully together. The lemon and lilac blue are lovely.
beautiful. love your drawing and painting style. a real winner there. can tell your art talent and experience and you really took off and flew immediately with the ArtRage. love the yellow tones in this color sketch. great stuff! can't wait to see more of your work.
Nice job castlemaninc. That's an entrance by the great door: for a first post, it is "number One". The colors are marvelous and the transparency is perfectly translated. You are in the starting blocks? GO !!!
A glorious start indeed! I like very much how richly You painted this humble subject and how much style You show. It looks a most credible acrylic, real painting valuable artpiece. Congratulations!
Welcome to the forum and you are off to a great start with your first painting, it looks so realistic picking up the reflecting colours in the container.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.231915
Retrieved Text: FANUC, a leader in robotics for decades, supplies manufacturers worldwide with a plethora of models that weld, handle material and remove material. One specific area where FANUC has shined is the picking application. With FANUC’s line of “Spider,” or parallel-linked, robots, picking has never been easier for companies.
Some of these FANUC robotic pickers will be used in areas like prescription drug packaging, where picking the right kind of pill is important. While there are several picking robots available on the market, FANUC introduced something that changed the game of picking robots – their robots could see.
And these FANUC robot picking systems are not just able to see, but they are able to see in color, with the assistance of iRVision cameras and software. FANUC picking robotics have performed many tests, showing off their ability to separate candies like M&Ms, Skittles, and jelly beans by color. These robots are now equipped to pick up and sort small items by the color of their surfaces, and they don’t pick them up slowly. They speed up production to a rate that is unattainable by manual applications, saving manufacturers time and money.
With the addition of vision to FANUC robotic pickers, these systems will not only be able to sort prescriptions, but they will also be able to double-check their work, and also keep a more accurate log of their products. This gives companies a way to backtrack a bottle to see where it came from if it is damaged or spoiled.
With FANUC picking robots, as well as models from other

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.110058
Retrieved Text: The retail industry is in a constant state of evolution. But is it evolving fast enough? Overall, retail footfall is decreasing year-on-year with no signs of picking up any time soon. With physical retail, stores now need to position themselves differently, offering something valuable that consumers cannot get online. 2019 will demand this.
Geaves Surfaces have explored the UK retail industry to uncover the statistics behind the industry’s decline and how you can change your store using their action points.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.089037
Retrieved Text: Inspirational Dottie Mattern rides a 1936 Indian Scout motorcycle 4,000 miles coast to coast in her seventies after surviving cancer.
Most people in their seventies are starting to slow down. Not Dottie Mattern. She’s still picking up steam. This fall the world traveler and seasoned rider trucked her beloved 1936 Indian Scout to Daytona Beach, Fla. She did it to embark on the adventure of a lifetime.
On Sept. 5, she and 102 other entrants from all over the world departed the famous beach town to begin a two-and-a-half-week sojourn to Tacoma, Wash., on antique motorcycles. She was one of only three females entered in the run that attracted regular Joes and rock stars alike, including Pat Simmons of Doobie Brothers fame.
What prompted her to do it and what was the event that offered the challenge? The second half of that question answers the first: the challenge — which is something Dottie Mattern never shrinks from. The answer to the rest of the question is the Motorcycle Cannonball Endurance Run, which is the brainchild of Lonnie Isam Jr.
There have been three Motorcycle Cannonball Endurance Runs since 2010. It’s held every other year in large part because it’s so difficult to coordinate, and most riders need the extra time to get their bikes together between events. The ride is as tough on the 80- to 100-year-old motorycles as it is on the riders.
After hearing about the last two runs, Dottie Mattern was determined to enter herself. She began preparing the Scout in the winter of 2013. It was rebuilt

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.972965
Retrieved Text: 王中王 心水 高手 论坛 www.hu372.com One-of-a-kind. A trendsetter.
These are ways one can describe the petite and intrepid designer, Tiffany Loy. Donned in her signature sartorial black elegance and Japanese bob, the award-winning and critically acclaimed textile weaver chases knowledge from continent to continent.
Artists are always looking for the sweet spot - “ahead of the curve”, if you will - where the timid fear to go, where failure may happen, but where success promises recognition.
And today, that search for the elusive sweet spot has landed the National University of Singapore (NUS) alumna in London.
Nine years after her graduation from NUS’ School of Design and Environment in 2010, Tiffany is now pursuing a Master’s degree in textiles at London’s Royal College of Art on a DesignSingapore scholarship.
Tiffany working on a project in her studio.
This is an opportunity open to only a handful of designers in Singapore each year. Understanding how valuable this experience is, Tiffany embraces the many challenges and unexpected joys in her regular day.
At the Royal College of Art, Tiffany specialises in weaving, a skill she first picked up in NUS during a fellowship with the NUS Design Incubation Centre (DIC).
The textile-embossing instrument was created based on previous research on textile heat-setting techniques.
And that was her favourite part of NUS: its open culture that promotes learning through every stage of a project.
In fact, this freedom to design led to her picking up a valuable soft skill that is just as crucial as an artist’s skill: clarity in thinking.
“I continually question why and what I do in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.886017
Retrieved Text: I interned at a casting office when I was in college. We were having our holiday party and the Casting Director sent me out to pick up, among other things, a variety of cheeses from the nearby Italian deli. Not knowing much, okay almost nothing at that time, about cheeses, I completely winged it - picking up something smooth, something really stinky, and something familiar. All three were a huge hit, proof that when in doubt inhale deeply and the rest will fall into place.
Who’s your favorite model and why? Miranda Kerr. I met her once and she was a dream, so sweet. Those dimples. Those eyes. Come on!
In honor of National Condom Week.
It’s all about setting goals.
Jenner life is not real life.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.854464
Retrieved Text: I’ve heard a lot about Charissa before meeting her in person. Crowned with the title of a national best-selling author, she has a care-free spirit in spite of serious dedication for her craft.
From our conversation, I am mesmerized by how much Charissa believes in herself before people in the publishing believe in her, and how she hustled her way to get her first book out in the market.
When it comes to writing, she doesn’t leave anything to chance.
Charissa started writing poems for a boy when she was in a relationship in her early 20s. After breaking up from that relationship, she started writing seriously to channel the waves of emotion into words.
During that time, Charissa’s unfulfilling career as a designer in an ads agency also motivated her to write more. Writing gave her an escape from energy-drenching work as well as something tangible to feel good about herself.
When it comes to writing, Charissa constantly analysed the writing style of other prominent poets and measured her work against the best in the genre. When she felt ready to publish her book, everything that she could find online about book publishing diminished her hopes.
Undeterred by the unresponsiveness and rejection from all the publishers she approached, she shot an email to the public support service of a major bookstore.
Long story short, they replied to her email, she went for a pitch, they accepted her proposal and she founded a publishing company to make it happen.
I really admire Charissa’s determination to bypass the gatekeeper who said ‘no’ to her.
As a

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.781828
Retrieved Text: It’s called Picture This by Lynda Barry and is best described as a graphic memoir/how to book. Confused? I know. This book stands all on its own. It is odd and compelling and dark and deep and delightful. I have never read anything like it. Ms. Barry asked herself a simple question: what makes us stop drawing. She explores the odd notion that so many people have; namely, that they cannot draw. I haveto admit, she is dead on. I cannot tell you how many times I hear people tell me they are not “artistic” and they can’t “do art”. And yet, every child I have ever met is more than capable of picking up a crayon and making something wonderful. So what happens? When do we go from happy drawing to this awful self-criticism? I know I am just as guilty as the next person of this. But after reading this book, I found myself picking up a pencil and just drawing. Something silly and simple and childlike and perfect. And you know what? I’m actually proud of what I drew. Me! The “un-artistic” one! A great book in a unique form. See if you can find a copy for yourself.
This entry was posted in Books on May 9, 2011 by Chrissie.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.753576
Retrieved Text: Our Mother at age 80, our favorite picture!
Today is our mother’s 82’nd birthday!
She grew up on a farm in Sicily where she and her mother worked together from sunup to sunset on the “women’s” tasks on the farm. She tells stories of picking almonds and olives, of harvesting wheat and taking care of the animals. It was not all work, she also tells us about sitting with her mother in the shade of a pomegranate tree and breaking open fruit for lunch. She played with the animals and listened as her older brother sang opera on the balcony.
She learned her early lessons well. Our mother is energetic and hard working. She loves people, music, animals and great food. She has no hobbies but she is always busy, doing her best to make our lives better and easier.
I tried to choose a food theme and images that represent her spirit and her energy, and selected our Tomato Picking and Canning tradition.
We pick and can tomatoes every year. We used to can out of our own garden but now visit a local farm. This year we picked over 100 pounds (meaning that my mother did most of the picking while I transported) and canned over 30 quarts of tomatoes. Our home canned tomatoes are hard work but worth the effort for the pleasure they bring to our palate and to our souls. Having them in our pantry give us a sense accomplishment that we have provided for ourselves. They represent our mother’s motivation, borne out of an abundance

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.694702
Retrieved Text: Frugality is Howard-Johnson’s stock-in-trade, and since none of her suggestions involve a large outlay, I’d say that picking up a copy of this book is about the most frugal and valuable thing a new author can do in order to generate inexpensive and highly credible publicity. The book is easy to read, and rich with Howard-Johnson’s own considerable experience. Above all, I think the point that she makes about treating the acquiring of reviews, not as an ancillary activity, but an integral part of the promotional campaign and one that cannot be skimped on, is key.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.683722
Retrieved Text: Laura grew up in beautiful Cape Breton, NS, where she enjoyed a wide variety of activities including volleyball, soccer, running, dancing, piano, and cross-country skiing. Upon graduating from high school, she ventured off to Dalhousie University to study Kinesiology. During this time, she worked in a physiotherapy clinic with a talented group of therapists, who further motivated her to pursue the profession.
Laura graduated with her BSc (Kine) in 2006 and opted to defer her acceptance into physiotherapy for a year in order to spend some time volunteering and traveling abroad. She spent this year volunteering for 10 weeks in Costa Rica followed by backpacking throughout Central America learning to scuba dive, surf, and even picking up some Spanish along the way. After this adventure was over, Laura spent some time working as a Kinesiologist in a physiotherapy clinic, which allowed her to gain valuable experience and start paying off said traveling!
In 2007, Laura was back at Dalhousie to start her Masters of Science in Physiotherapy.
After graduating in 2009, she worked in Halifax for a year before deciding to head west to Grande Prairie “for a year or 2”. In 2011, she met her Grande Prairie born and raised husband and it appears she is here for the long haul. They welcomed 2 busy boys in November 2015 and July 2017.
After finishing maternity leave, Laura returned to her position at the Persistent Pain Program and decided to also join the team at Adventure Physiotherapy. She brings with her nearly a decade of experience as well as many

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.629625
Retrieved Text: Alex Christie is an amazing singer that I recently was introduced to.
She was born and raised in Asheboro, NC and started playing music when she was sixteen. She developed her own unique style which she describes as “laid back vibes with beach influenced lyrics.” Upon moving to Charlotte, NC Alex made a bold choice and decided to pursue music full time. Since then she has performed extensively at numerous venues throughout the state.
Picking up the guitar at a young age Alex knew that music would play a significant part in her life. She has spent the last few years perfecting her craft as a song writer, while at the same time touring and perfecting her craft as a life performer. She makes it a point to make sure you leave each show taking something special away.
You can keep up with her updates on Facebook, Twitter, and you can hear more of her music on SoundCloud.
Thanks for sharing about Alex--that does take courage to leave everything familiar and follow a dream.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.578012
Retrieved Text: Picking a baby sitter, nanny or day care assistant can be the most important decisions a parents makes.
The video below show what happens when you pick the wrong person.
The baby sitter seemed great at first according to the reports. She sent over photos of their baby daughter and let them know in case anything went wrong.
One day the parents found out something terrible... their baby was being physically abused by the day care worker.
So they decided to set up a camera in their home to see what was going on. She was shown throwing the kids, putting clothes in their mouths, and leaving them at the house alone.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.540705
Retrieved Text: I have two friends with two very different ideas on how to meet women.
One friend will walk up to every woman he meets and try to get a date with them.
The other will wait around, study a woman he likes, and wait for a signal she's open to being approached.
Neither method is better than the other, but while my first friend meets with a lot of rejection and failure, my second friend, the one who scopes out his target beforehand, has a much higher success rate.
See, he only goes after women who like him. He calls himself a "sniper," picking his targets with accuracy, whereas my other friend is a "shotgun," hitting everything and hoping something sticks.
When you know a woman is into you, she becomes a "target of opportunity."
This means that you have an "inroad" with the woman. An opening that let's you know you have a chance of scoring with her.
This can be valuable for many reasons. It reduces uncertainty, helps bolster confidence and self esteem, etc. But it can be hit or miss, depending on your look, your belief system, and what the girl is into.
There are certain cues you can look for to tell when the woman is a "target of opportunity." The biggest of which is an "eye cue."
If a girl looks you up and down quickly when she first sees you, chances are she's interested.
This is because she likes your face, and she wants to see what the rest of you is like. It may not be a 100% sure

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.462866
Retrieved Text: “The outside of the packaging clearly states that each chest contains a holy quest for the bearer to partake in, but mine was empty.” She opened the chest, revealing a lovely velvet lining that was designed to hold something very expensive and meaningful. An indent in the cushion indicated where the quest should have sat; instead, it held a pocket of air. A very important looking pocket, but not what Hannah was wanting.
Hannah removed the chest from the packaging. She lifted the latch on the lid and lifted it. An angelic chorus danced in the air, holy light beaming onto Hannah’s face, causing her to blink. Sitting in the alcove was a white, egg-shapped gem. Picking it up with the same delicacy as handling a baby animal, she read the words on the warm egg as the glow began to dim.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.45067
Retrieved Text: With the time change we overslept and woke up as church was starting. Oops.
Cows needed feeding and groceries needed getting so we divided and conquered. Lynn took Caroline yo the farm and I took my brain-twin Claire to the store.
This afternoon I was watching both girls play and Claire was “fixing” her Jeep.
Maybe a mechanic one day?
Then I get distracted by something, and a few minutes later I hear Claire crunching on something with a little dribble going down her chin (ew). At that moment, I remembered that I had forgotten to get them a snack .
Claire was greatly amused by my reaction and quickly wiped her drooling mouth on my sleeve while chuckling to herself. Then she turned around and ran off.
Ew. Kids. Gotta love em.
Previous Painting and picking up.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.44109
Retrieved Text: Finally done with all my pages. Going around and cleaning up all the random menu items that I have no true need for. I’m gonna be starting my Hope of the Future paperback here in less than an hour, hopefully.
Been watching Orphan Black in the mornings to catch up . While I watch the show, I can’t help but think that Tatiana Maslany deserves huge recognition. She plays so many varying characters on that show. It’s incredible. And it seems so real. She’s an amazing actress. If you’ve never seen the show, it’s really well done. I recommend checking it out. I love BBC America shows.
Not much to chat about regarding the story. Today is a weird feeling day and I don’t know why. Maybe I’m just picking up on the weird atmosphere. It keeps threatening to rain, then completely disappears, high humidity, warm, yet there is thunder and lightning. So maybe it’s something in the atmosphere I’m picking up. Either way.
Since I share my writing count nearly every day, I’ll post a question at the bottom of the post. You’re welcome to participate. I’d love it if you did to be honest. I don’t do it just because. I truly enjoy reading answers of people who participate. Especially those who are inspired to write long comments. I learn a lot from you.
When was the last time you tried something new? What was it? Did you like it or hate it? Why?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.302454
Retrieved Text: As a photo booth owner, how do you make that seemingly huge step from giving one event your full attention to handling multiple events in one day? We spoke to Eva Flint, an Event Coordinator in Vancouver, to get the lowdown on her strategies for managing events. Eva has serviced up to 7 events in one night with 7 photo booths and had some valuable insights to share.
When you're managing multiple events in one night, you're likely to be picking up and dropping off equipment left, right, and center. Eva likes to have a schedule written out ahead of time, so she knows where she should be and when. Having something to refer back to when you may be flustered in the heat of the moment can be really useful.
When planning your timeline, allow more time than you typically would for set up and testing of your photo booth. When you're working on a schedule, the worst thing that could happen would be for something to go wrong and for you not to have time to sort it out. To avoid this, on a busy day or night Eva gives herself more time than she would normally need.
If you don't give yourself lots of time for setting up, you can end up finding yourself rushing and, in turn, cutting corners. If you rush and cut corners with set up, you'll end up making more work for yourself. Take it easy and make sure not to cut corners in the name of saving time, it's not worth

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.2927
Retrieved Text: You know that amazing moment when you realize your passion? Now do you remember what follows? Finding yourself in those not-so-amazing moments afterwards when you come up with a thousand reasons why your passion could never be your living? The fierce photographer behind Ebby L. Photography waded through all those emotions before even graduating college.
Featured Showiteer Ebby Lowry discovered her calling early on in life. “I found my passion for photography kind of by accident when I became frustrated by poor quality sports photos in the yearbook of my high school. My senior year I received a camera for Christmas and I haven't put it down since.” Despite this early and instant love of photography, she still found that she had to make changes to her life course to accommodate this new passion, to turn it from a hobby to a profession.
Through her time at university, Ebby knew education was important. Finding a mentor she could learn under became a priority. Luckily, Ebby found the perfect person to learn the ropes from.
Thanks to the perfect tutelage, an early discovery of photography, and desire to make her dreams a reality, Ebby L. Photography is now in her 6th wedding season. She has learned a lot since first picking up a camera her senior year. Her most valuable lesson though, surprisingly, is not exclusive to her craft.
From the ability to connect to her clients to the success that comes from pursuing her passion, Ebby Lowry is one small business owner that will go far. Follow Ebby as she

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.278625
Retrieved Text: Week seven began with a 12 hour E and Mama day. C had a work function that kept him until 8pm! We definitely had our struggles…mainly on my end. She was pretty happy!
The next day we woke up and the two of us had our first solo outing. We were tasked with picking up E’s Papa and Nannie from the airport! She did great the entire ride there and was pleased to meet them.
After C took a half day and we went for lunch at Metropolitan Market, we spent a calm and quiet day at home. Nannie and Papa woke up at 2 am to travel to see us!
The following day C and his dad got right to work completing miscellaneous tasks left on the list to finish our house while Nannie mowed the lawn and I kept E on a wake schedule.
That weekend we went to the farmers market even though it was going to be a million degrees. E stayed cool with her new fan.
She also tried out her new fan while napping at Home Depot after getting lunch with the family.
Something huge happened during week 7. Twice in a row E slept through the night!! Both times were for 7 hour chunks and first night I woke several times to make sure she was still alive.
She had a few really good days with following a good sleep/wake routine during the day that kept her from getting overtired. It left her super happy when she was awake but then she fell off the wagon…or

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.268246
Retrieved Text: A 102-year-old woman was able to relive her heyday as a chorus-line dancer during the Harlem Renaissance when, with the help of Jazz on Film, she was able to see footage of herself dancing for the first time, BuzzFeed reports.
In the video posted on YouTube Monday, Mark Cantor of Jazz on Films collected “soundies” and realized that Alice Barker, who recently celebrated her 102nd birthday, was among those dancing. Her name had been misspelled as “Baker,” something she recalled had happened often.
Barker thought that all the video of her dancing days had been destroyed, but luckily it hadn’t been. Barker positively lit up when she finally got to see herself on camera, immediately picking herself out and recalling details.
“Sepia Steppers, 1943,” she said pointing as one of the videos began to play.
Barker recalled a story her mother told her from her youth. “My mother told me she was getting ready to bathe me and on the corner was a band playing. She had forgotten something and she went back … to get it, and when she came out, I was gone. And I was down there naked, just going, dancing,” she said, swaying her hands as if she recalled the very movement.
“That’s all I ever did. That was it,” Barker said of her dancing. “I used to often say to myself, ‘I am being paid to do something that I enjoy doing, and I would do it for free because it just felt so good doing it.’ Because that music, you know … I just get

================



======= Instance Index 37 =========
Input Text: Given that A: So, I don't know I'm looking for a good year. I guess we're always looking for a good year. B: So, obviously though, do you think they're going to do anything in the playoffs to make it to the Super Bowl this year or who do you like to do that this year? A: Uh, no I don't think the Cowboys have got a chance. Therefore, it must be true that "the Cowboys have got a chance"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 23.771648
Retrieved Text: Recap By: Paula Cuadrado Video BY: Chance Harris ---- The Dallas Cowboys brought some holiday cheer when they visited Seacrest Studios at Children’s Medical Center in Dallas. Many of the kids have been life-long Cowboys fans, which made their visit even sweeter.
Cowboys players Kyle Wilber, Jeremy Mincey, Troy Davis and J.J. Wilcox, along with Cowboys Cheerleaders Jordan and Jessica, sat down for an interview in Seacrest Studios. The players talked about what it’s like playing for the Cowboys and how they’ve worked hard all season. Seven-year-old Roman got the whole studio dancing with his version of a touchdown dance. Thank you to the Dallas Cowboys and the Cowboys Cheerleaders for visiting Seacrest Studios! We’ll be cheering for you! Go Cowboys!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.35042
Retrieved Text: The Killdeer golfers don’t have to worry about how cold or windy it is … or how much snow will be on the ground.
The Cowboys will instead be keeping nice and warm when they start practicing on the new golf simulator at the High Plains Community Center.
According to Robert Thompson, the manager at the Medicine Hole Legends Golf Course north of the city, there has been a donation which will pay the cost for the team to use the indoor golf simulator for practicing when the weather is bad outside.
“They will be using the golf simulator and we will set up nets for them to hit into in the gymnasium,” Thompson said in a recent interview.
“I believe we have about 25 kids right now. I feel like we’ll have a pretty healthy golf turnout,” he said.
According to Thompson, there are going to be a couple of kids coming back with the Cowboys who will have a chance to qualify for the state golf tournament. “We are kind of excited about it. This is just my second year with them (the golf team). I think we have got some good kids and got a chance (at state).
The coach for the golf team is Brock Pittsley.
A year ago, the Cowboys came close to qualifying for the state tournament with Zach Andersen missing by just one stroke at the regional tournament.
“I think one major positive is all of them will be back minus one person, that is very encouraging,” 2018 golf coach Cindy Hanson said after the season.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.079361
Retrieved Text: Wowza! Wasn’t that fun? And it only gets better from there! Now you’ve got to get the book! The Cowboys of Creedence are stories of hockey-playing cowboys and the sassy, smart heroines who fall in love with them. They are full of quirky small-town characters and charming cowboys that will knock your boots off. I hope you fall in love with these books and that I had you at hockey-playing cowboy.
Mason discovers he’s ready to take a chance on love.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.862886
Retrieved Text: If we are being completely honest with ourselves, it's hard to imagine the Dallas Cowboys pulling off an upset over the New Orleans Saints this week. But, the same was said nearly a decade ago when these two teams squared off against one another and we all know how that turned out.
Okay, maybe you've forgotten, but the Dallas Cowboys pulled off the unthinkable in 2009 when they knocked off the then undefeated New Orleans Saints, and in December nonetheless. It's been a running joke for years that the Cowboys can't win in December, but that wasn't the case against the Saints back then.
At 13-0, the New Orleans Saints were chasing the elusive perfect season heading into the matchup with the 9-5 Dallas Cowboys, who were coming off a two-game losing streak. It was looking like an easy win for the Saints, but the only problem with that is no one told the Cowboys players.
Dallas came out strong and scored two touchdowns on their first two drives and got out to an early 24-3 lead over the Saints. New Orleans was in disbelief. Their defense was playing porous and their offense was just plain poor. It was without a doubt their worst performance of the season.
Despite playing poorly the majority of the game, the Saints were able to rally back. With 2:16 minutes remaining in the game the score was 24-17 and the Saints had the ball. It was looking as if they were going to be able to mount their comeback, but the Cowboys pass rush

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.532755
Retrieved Text: He hails from Kentucky, but Texas Governor Rick Perry has officially declared the slow talkin,' deep-thinking Chris Knight an honorary Texan, complete with papers -- it's legit. And tonight (Oct. 16), the legendary singer/songwriter will be performing at Cowboys in Tyler, and we've got a guest list to fill.
For your chance to get on our list to the concert stop by Radio Texas, LIVE! Facebook page, where we'll have multiple chances for you to win.
Knight is a a highly respected songwriter, with Randy Travis, John Anderson, Blake Shelton and Cross Canadian Ragweed having each cut his songs. His latest album "Little Victories" is out now.
Last time Knight was on the show with us, he told me he carries his honorary Texan papers with him for certain situations where they may come in handy while visiting Texas.
Don't miss your chance to see him live at Cowboys in concert. Buy your tickets here.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.385191
Retrieved Text: Smith attended the Sunday’s game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, where he got a chance to watch rookie running back Ezekiel Elliott for the first time and witness Prescott’s record performance. Prescott completed 32 of 36 passes for 279 yards in the Cowboys 26-20 victory. It was the second-best completion percentage in the NFL history and best in the team history.
Smith was moved to the point of posting a video message to Twitter. He personally thanked Prescott for sending flowers to him and his family following his mother’s passing a few weeks ago.
Prescott’s mother died of colon cancer in 2013 so the loss of a parent is near and dear to him.
Smith recorded the video with three Super Bowl trophies in the background. He was the foundation of the team’s three Super Bowl titles in the 1990s before becoming the league’s all-time leading rusher.
Smith believes the Cowboys have what it takes to get another Super Bowl title behind the play of Prescott and Elliott. At 12-2, the Cowboys have the best record in the NFC and are tied with the New England Patriots for the best record in the NFL.
"I'm so proud of the Dallas Cowboys right now,” continued Smith. “These boys are on their way to try to accomplish one of these three things that you see behind me right now. So I wish them the best of luck. Much love for Dak, much love for Zeke and definitely much love for my Dallas Cowboys. Good luck guys, stay healthy and go get your ring."
Was

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.34195
Retrieved Text: Home Sport Are The Cowboys The Favorites In Their Division?
We have to admit – just two weeks ago we thought that the Cowboys were dead in the water. You did too, admit it. They lost to the Tennessee Titans after a bye week, at home, in an embarrassing fashion. It seemed that there was no hope for this team that looked, and still looks, just average.
But, something changed in the meantime. It’s not like the Dallas Cowboys are a great team just two weeks later, but there are two things that might be the key for them. One is Ezekiel Elliot, there are no ifs, and, or buts about it.
The Cowboys simply decided that they are going to give the ball to the best player on their team. Well, who knew that he is a good player, right?! Clearly, the head coaching staff just found that out. This team featured him in their offense two straight times and the team looked good.
The second this is the fact that this division is god-awful. It’s just a fact. The Giants were playing like garbage for the majority of the year. Yeah, they have gotten some things together in the past couple of weeks, but they fell behind the pack right away, which is going to cost them the chance to fight for the crown.
The Eagles are looking worse each and every week. A loss to the Cowboys was surprising, pummeling by the Saints was predictable. And then, we have Washington who’s quarterback got hurt and who don’t have

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.835485
Retrieved Text: This past weekend were the games we have ALL been waiting for. Round 2 of the NFL playoffs. Eagles were brought down by the Saints, Patriots destroyed the Chargers, Chiefs beat the Colts, and the Rams took down the cowboys. This game was a very important game for the Rams, this is the farthest they have gone since winning the Superbowl in 2000, and they aren’t done yet.
There are some a few things that I have gathered from this game.
First, Our defense is back… Well kind of. The defensive line and linebackers kept the run game shut down. Only allowing Ezekiel Elliot to get 47 rushing yards, and Dak Prescott 4. Dante Fowler Jr. also had a sack against the cowboys. The Rams also forced 4 punts. However, the secondary needs to step it up. They allowed a 44 yard reception. Talib is back, which is great, but he isn’t showing that he can play as well as he used to.
Second, we have the BEST Offensive line. They let up 0 sacks against arguably the best defensive players they have met since the Chiefs. They also allowed Gurley to get 115 rushing yards and a touchdown. With a 7.2 yards per carry average. They also got CJ Anderson 123 rushing yards and 2 touchdowns. With a 5.2 yards per carry average. Which leads me to my next point.
Third, CJ Anderson is a beast. Anderson was picked up in a trade with the panthers. Anderson rushed for 123 yards, with the longest run being 15 yards. He

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.827747
Retrieved Text: Former Giants defensive end Damontre Moore is reportedly signing with the Cowboys.
Damontre Moore is a Dallas Cowboy.
The former Giants defensive end has been given a fourth chance to salvage his career by Jerry Jones, according to a report by ESPN. The Cowboys need pass rush help, and they are taking a flier on the 2013 third-round pick and former Texas A&M star, who will be joining his fifth team in 15 months. Moore worked out for the Cowboys during last season, but did not sign with the team.
Moore's latest (last, last, last?) chance comes after an arrest on charges of driving with a suspended license and suspicion of driving while intoxicated in Washington state this past December while playing for the Seahawks. Moore has reportedly pled not guilty to those charges.
Moore has flashed as a pass rusher in his career (10 sacks), but he has never been a consistent contributor, nor been able to get out of his own way. The Cowboys have never shied away from taking a chance on a troubled player who they believe can turn things around while helping them win football games. Now they've teamed up.
The Giants finally gave up on Moore late in the 2015 season in the aftermath of Headphonesgate. He finished that season with the Dolphins after being claimed off waivers, and then had a brief stint with the Raiders in the 2016 preseason that was highlighted by - what else? - a scuffle in practice.
Moore was out of the league until November of last year, when the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.588243
Retrieved Text: Wyoming (2-3, 0-1) is coming off a loss to Boise State in their home opener. Unfortunately, it was really never a competitive football game and Boise controlled the game from the get go. Hawaii comes into the game at 5-1, 2-0 having beat San Jose State in overtime last week.
Davis Potter, the new Pokes beat writer for the CST joins us this week and will be taking over for Brandon Foster.
What are your thoughts on last week’s game against Boise State?
Pretty much a microcosm of what we’ve seen most of the season — inconsistent offense and a defense that got wore down as the game went on and gave up too many big plays. The Cowboys got soundly beat by a better team.
Nice to see senior running back return from bruised ribs on Sept. 1 with a 75-yard touchdown run and 141 yards on 12 carries.
Not a player, but I will go third down. In a nutshell, Wyoming is awful converting third downs (31.4 percent) and not good defending on third downs (44.4 percent). This has to get better if the Cowboys have any chance at Hawaii — or in any game the rest of the season.
It moves the chains, possesses the ball and can score more points, and the defense doesn’t allow too many big plays.
Wyoming left a lot to be desired last week. Boise is a good team and I’d be surprised if the Broncos don’t win the Mountain West this season, but Wyoming wasn’t even competitive for most of that game. It’s not

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.473364
Retrieved Text: DALLAS (105.3 The Fan) - Following his offseason release from the Dallas Cowboys, Dez Bryant said it was personal and wanted to sign with a team that played his former team. .... Today, he got his wish.
According to Ian Rapoport, Bryant has agreed to sign a one-year deal with the New Orleans Saints after he went through a workout at the team's headquarters Tuesday.
Bryant will make his highly anticipated return to AT&T Stadium on Thursday Night Football on November 29th wearing the number 88.
A short time after his release from the Cowboys, 105.3 The Fan's Mike Fisher reported that Bryant would try and find a way to play against Dallas in 2018. Bryant responded to Fish's tweet by saying, "? Twice? Let's see." Hinting at his desire to sign with a NFC East foe. That won't happen here but Bryant gets his homecoming and gets a chance to play for a contender.
The Saints have been looking for someone to step up outside of Michael Thomas and Tre'Quan Smith at the receiver position. Bryant does just that and provides Drew Brees with another weapon that can go up and grab a football just as Marques Colston did for him in the past.
Bryant, selected by Dallas in the first round of the 2010 NFL draft, amassed 531 catches for 7,459 yards in his eight-year career with the Cowboys. He had 838 yards receiving on 69 receptions in his final season with the Cowboys.
The Lufkin native is the club's all-time leader in touchdown receptions (73).

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.38982
Retrieved Text: ARLINGTON - Minutes before the Cowboys received the opening kickoff Sunday afternoon, a two-minute video played on the AT&T Stadium big screen.
Narrated by Jason Witten, a highlight reel of Tony Romo's accomplishments played above the field following the national anthem. A box in the corner of the screen showed a live look at Romo, who was in the CBS television booth about to call his first Cowboys game.
Fans cheered as Romo smiled and waved in appreciation. A banner in one endzone read: "Welcome Home 9."
After the video appeared in the stadium, Jim Nantz asked Romo what he thought of the video.
"Yeah, I wasn't prepared for that," he said. "So that was pretty emotional. It's an honor just to be lucky enough to have been in that position. Wow. It's emotional, Jim."
You can see Romo's reaction below.
"It was special," Witten said. "I felt honored to do it. I was excited for him that he got the welcome that he did. I was happy for him. Hopefully he was able to kind of soak that in. For all of us, we appreciate what he did in our careers."
Witten, who was teammates with Romo for 14 seasons, said he was asked to do the voiceover earlier in the week. The Cowboys tight end said he allowed himself about 30 seconds to enjoy it before getting locked in on the game.
"It meant a lot, just my time being with him and seeing everybody here congratulating him, which is well deserved," Dez Bryant said. "The guy is phenomenal. He is a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.187113
Retrieved Text: It’s that fantastic time of the year again – finals time – and the week got off to a flyer with the traditional Captains’ Call at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Monday morning. This is the grand media event where player representatives from the eight finals teams gather for a block of photo shoots, filming opportunities and interviews. Backrower Gavin Cooper was the club’s representative on the day, with the veteran forward meeting his obligation with grace and good humour. He got some gentle ribbing from Bryan Fletcher and Nathan Hind marsh when filming a segment for the Matty Johns Show, with the former players needling Cooper for the fact Hindmarsh verbal sparring partner Johnathan Thurston did not make the trip to Sydney. Thurston and Hindmarsh have had a weird thing going via the show this year where they have traded insults about each other’s career. Cooper gave as good as he got in the good-natured sledge session.
Also while at the SCG, Cooper caught up with legend rocker Jimmy Barnes, whose wife Jane is a huge Cowboys fans. Cooper turned from celebrity sports star to celebrity chaser when he asked Barnesy for his autograph. That Cooper asked Jimmy to sign the playing jersey he wore for the morning raised a few eyebrows, with one panicked staffer concerned of the repercussions of allowing a jersey to be signed which was supposed to be returned to the gear room in Townsville. But all it took was a phone call from Cooper and all was sweet and the Murgon

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.177893
Retrieved Text: Three weeks ago the Dallas Cowboys were left for dead. At 3-5 and with what looked to be a daunting schedule ahead of them, seemingly no one believed that the Cowboys had any chance of playing meaningful December and January football.
After all, they had just gotten embarrassed by the Tennessee Titans at home. Coming off a bye, nonetheless.
Is Dak Prescott the right quarterback for the Cowboys? Is Ezekiel Elliott worth the extension he'll likely receive from the front office? Did the Cowboys give up too much to attain Amari Cooper? And, of course, is it time to move on from head coach Jason Garrett and his staff?
Yesterday, for the third straight week, the Cowboys were victorious, fighting for all four quarters with their backs against the wall and a loss all-but-ending their 2018 season. Just like their head coach preaches every week, the Cowboys have taken it day-by-day and now find themselves in first place of the NFC East.
This defense now has cornerstone type players at all three levels, led by young studs in DeMarcus Lawrence, Leighton Vander Esch, and Byron Jones. Once again they held their opponents down for much of the afternoon on Thursday, allowing for their offense to hang around until they finally found their footing.
And once the offense, particularly the passing game to Amari Cooper got going, we saw what the peak of the 2018 Dallas Cowboys powers can look like. And, boy, what a peak that can be when things are going correctly.
Thursday's win was what the plan to win with

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.086926
Retrieved Text: The Cowboys are already 6-point underdogs for Sunday's Ice Bowl 2 in Green Bay, but don't tell Dallas and fantasy QB Tony Romo. Romo, constant focus in our QB news, got knocked down by the Detroit defense for three miserable quarters and responded with the greatest comeback win of his career.
Romo found a way to turn that clutch switch on at the right time and take that playoff monkey off his back. Usually Romo’s critics are criticizing him for not doing enough when they lose or how the Cowboys win in spite of him. Romo won this football game by working his 4th quarter magic is showing us why he finally should be considered an elite quarterback in the NFL.
For the first time in playoff history, a team that is 8-0 on the road (Dallas) and a team that is 8-0 at home (Green Bay) will square off against each other. Boy is this going to be a battle come Sunday. Romo versus Aaron Rodgers in the playoffs, what more could one ask for? One thing is certain - we do not need a meteorologist to tell us that it is going to be cold in Green Bay, Wisconsin in January. Tony Romo is going to have to be productive in temperatures that will be around 10 degrees.
Both of these two teams tend to rely on their offense outscoring the other offense and not so much on their defenses. The Cowboys offense is definitely capable of outscoring the Packers with the weapons they have in stock.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.042421
Retrieved Text: The 12th-ranked TCU Horned Frogs will look to bounce back from their heartbreaking Week 6 road loss ‘robbery’ to Baylor when they host the 15th-ranked Oklahoma State Cowboys in a Week 8 showdown that will undoubtedly have bowl game implications for both squads.
I’m stunned that not many people are talking about the bogus pass interference call against TCU late in regulation against Baylor, particularly after getting the short end of the stick on a nearly identical play just minutes earlier.
Quarterback Trevone Boykin tossed a sideline fade toward wide receiver Josh Doctson, but the receiver couldn’t come up with it as TCU looked for a pass interference call on defensive back Ryan Reid with 1:11 left.
Still, TCU performed fantastically in its narrow 61-58 loss to Baylor on Saturday and had a chance to win it late in regulation before getting stopped on a short fourth down play.
"We make it … you have an opportunity to go down and kick a field goal, and you win it," head coach Gary Patterson said. "Their field goal kicker did well today, but he had not kicked well before it got to today."
Running back B.J. Catalon scored three touchdowns for the Horned Frogs, including a 94-yard kickoff return in the first half, while Boykin added 287 passing yards and a score.
Oklahoma State hasn’t lost since narrowly falling to Florida State in their regular season opener. The Cowboys have won five straight and come into this contest off a closer-than-expected 27-20 win over upset-minded Kansas on Saturday. The Cowboys have found numerous

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.947313
Retrieved Text: Two years ago, Kellen Moore was the third-string quarterback under Dak Prescott and Tony Romo when the Cowboys lost to the Packers in the divisional round of the playoffs. Fast forward one year, Moore retired from the NFL and immediately got hired as the new quarterback coach for his former team. This move may have shocked some fans, but people on the interior of the franchise know that Kellen has a superior football mind. He is a football guy. At the age of 29, Kellen was one of the youngest coaches in the league and the youngest coach on the Cowboy's staff. Fast forward one more year, Kellen Moore is now the favorite to be hired as the offensive coordinator of the Dallas Cowboys at the age of 30. What does this mean?
After setting numerous records at Boise State, Moore went undrafted because of his size, but scouts raved about his football IQ. Moore ended up getting a chance as a backup with the Lions and ultimately the Cowboys where his football IQ was put on display in front of coaches. When the Cowboys were looking for a quarterback coach last summer, Dak was the one who lobbied for Kellen. This means that Kellen Moore must have a great offensive mind. For Jerry Jones to keep a guy like Kellen around, he must have impressed Jerry, Jason, Dak, and the rest of the Cowboys staff with his offensive mind. With that being said, he will most likely not be calling the plays. That duty will go

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.82923
Retrieved Text: ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) - Leighton Vander Esch howled through the open retractable roof after a booming tackle on a huge third-down stop negated by a potentially crushing roughing-the-punter penalty.
Jourdan Lewis answered an ominous fumble by quarterback Dak Prescott that gave Drew Brees another chance by intercepting the MVP contender , putting the Dallas Cowboys in position to finish off a victory that stopped New Orleans' 10-game winning streak.
When owner and general manager Jerry Jones talked of the season changing in a 13-10 win over the NFC's hottest team Thursday, he had the rookie linebacker whose nickname is "Wolf Hunter" and a confident backup second-year cornerback in mind.
That's just to name a couple of players on a team that might now dare to think an NFC East title is just the beginning. The Cowboys (7-5) will have another important game in pursuit of that division crown Dec. 9 against Philadelphia, the last of three straight home games.
"When you win a game like this, it changes you," Jones said after Dallas' fourth straight victory guaranteed at least a share of the division lead and the inside track to a home wild-card playoff game going into the final quarter of the season.
"This is a young, impressionable bunch. And so they know now that they can go out there and play our game and play it in a way to beat an offensive machine. I just am so proud for them because they are not going to be the same kids that looked in the mirror this morning."
The Cowboys held

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.796324
Retrieved Text: Patriots at Colts -- Nov. 2: Indy couldn't finish 2006 version of this classic.
Colts at Chargers -- Nov. 23: Peyton Manning, Adam Vinatieri seeking redemption.
Patriots at Chargers -- Oct. 12: Unfinished business for LaDainian Tomlinson, Chargers.
Giants at Cowboys -- Dec. 14: Cowboys couldn't beat 'em when it mattered.
Steelers at Browns -- Sept. 14: Statement game for whichever team prevails.
Jaguars at Colts -- Sept. 21: Jags have lost past three in RCA Dome.
Cowboys at Packers -- Sept. 21: Aaron Rodgers played well at Dallas last season.
Steelers at Patriots -- Nov. 30: Schedule sends Steelers to New England -- again.
Cowboys at Steelers -- Dec. 7: Old rivals haven't met since 2004 season.
Eagles at Cowboys -- Sept. 15: Tony Romo struggled in most recent meeting.
Steelers at Jaguars -- Oct. 5: Ben Roethlisberger took playoff loss to Jags personally.
Cowboys at Redskins -- Nov. 19: Classic rivalry almost always worth a look.
Browns at Steelers -- Dec. 28: Beating Steelers in Pittsburgh a tall order.
Redskins at Cowboys -- Sept. 28: Skins had 423 yards in Dallas last season, still lost.
Chargers at Steelers -- Nov. 16: San Diego pass rush could test Big Ben.
Colts at Jaguars -- Dec. 18: Healthy David Garrard gives Jags a chance at home.
Patriots at Jets -- Sept. 14: Bill Belichick returns to scene of the crime.
Redskins at Seahawks -- Nov. 23: Jim Zorn has inside info for playoff rematch.
Giants at Steelers -- Oct. 26: Eli Manning, Big Ben compare Super Bowl rings.
Giants at Vikings -- Dec. 28: Vikings had four picks versus Manning in 2007.
Browns at Eagles --Dec.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.784655
Retrieved Text: with the Cowboys. Campbell Trophy (also referred to as the academic Heisman). Commenting on NewsOK requires a NewsOK Pro or Oklahoman subscription. The Oklahoman by, scott Wright, published: Fri, November 24, 2017 5:42 PM Updated: Fri, November 24, 2017 5:43. He&apos;s been laser-focused from the time he got here, quarterback Mason Rudolph said. Related Photos, oklahoma State center Brad Lundblade (71) walked on in 2014 and has started all but two games each of the last three years of his career.
Lundblade made the jump from walk-on to first-team All-Big 12 performer while at Oklahoma State, and now he looks to go from tryout player at Bengals rookie minicamp to an NFL roster. Blocked for Cowboys offense that rushed for 34 TDs and posted five games with at least 200 yards rushing. I knew even if I did play, they were probably gonna recruit guys who were bigger and stronger than me, he said. Career transactions : Signed with Cincinnati as college free agent on 5-14-18.
They told their son to chase his dream. 2015, started all 13 games. Aided school record 747 yards of total offense. Earned first-team All-Big 12 honors from leagues coaches and second-team from. Marketing major at Oklahoma State. Photo BY chris landsberger, THE oklahoman.
Chris Lacy and, brad Lundblade each got a second chance.
Oklahoma State, cowboys and now NFL rookie free agents.
Former walk-on offensive lineman, brad Lundblade started all but two games over his final three seasons.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.76728
Retrieved Text: Earlier this week, the Dallas Cowboys have decided to waive promising rookie Darius Jackson to make room for veteran running back Darren McFadden who has returned from his injury. Almost immediately after he was released, Jackson was claimed by the Cleveland Browns.
As seen in their games, the Cowboys weren't indeed experiencing a major problem in their lineup, which is why it came as a surprise when the team decided to release Jackson. After all, when Dallas picked Jackson in the 6th round of the 2016 NFL Draft, the team was planning on honing his skills for the future of the Cowboys.
This is why throughout the season, the Cowboys heavily relied on lead rusher Ezekiel Elliott. Even when McFadden suffered a broken elbow before minicamp, the Cowboys did not activate Jackson even though he was part of the roster, according to Draft Wire. He did, however, get the chance to spend time on the field during the preseason. During that period, he ran the ball for 40 times for 141 yards.
But, now that McFadden is expected to come out of the team's Non-Football Injury list, the Cowboys have decided to part ways with Jackson. The move shows that the Dallas squad is still heavily relying on its veteran superstars as they take on the playoffs, with, of course, an exception on breakout star Dak Prescott.
Initially, Cowboys were expected to acquire Jackson for their practice squad after he was waived from the roster. This would have been a very smart move for the team as it would have

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.752056
Retrieved Text: Ezekiel Elliott understands his No. 54 ranking from NFL Network, but that doesn’t mean he agrees with it. He thinks he’s a far superior player.
The NFL Network didn’t mean to slight Ezekiel Elliott by ranking him as the 54th best player in the NFL, but the Cowboys running back certainly took it that way. Elliott is looking forward to having a more relaxed and more productive season in 2018.
By the time reporters got a chance to tell Elliott about his ranking, he already knew. He seemed to understand the reasons that contributed to his “low” ranking too. Elliott cited the fact that he missed six games last season as the main factor.
Missing that much time limited Elliott to 983 rushing yards on 242 carries. That isn’t a bad return by any means, but it pales in comparison to what Elliott did as a rookie. His 2016 total of 1,631 yards on 322 carries helped him reach the Pro Bowl. In comparison, his sophomore season was definitely a disappointment.
Elliott and the Cowboys hope that his relatively calm offseason will pay big dividends for him on the field. After a tumultuous summer following his rookie season, he kept things pretty quiet this offseason. Presumably, that has allowed him to focus a lot more of his mental energy on football.
If that results in a rejuvenated player, it gives the Cowboys a much more dynamic offense. Everything for the Cowboys will start with their ability to run the football, though. The team’s massive offensive line has the ability to open

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.674019
Retrieved Text: The Cowboys defense held a prolific Saints offense averaging 37.1 points per game to just 10 on 176 yards, the fewest in the Sean Payton era.
Per a report, the Dallas Cowboys’ stunning 13-10 victory against the New Orleans Saints got an overnight rating of 14.6, which is the highest overnight rating in the history of Thursday Night Football.
Smith made a helmet-to-helmet tackle on Kamara early in the fourth quarter, but there was no flag.
In a season defined by high-flying offenses, the Cowboys proved that defense still has a place in today’s NFL with a statement win over the Saints. Jeffri Chadiha reports from Dallas.
Columnist Jeff Duncan breaks down the Saints-Cowboys game from AT&T Stadium on Thursday night.
The Dallas Cowboys defense was able to stop the high-flying Saints’ offense. Quarterback Drew Brees said the reason was they couldn’t find rhythm.
As the season winds down, it’s the final chance for the league’s contract-year players to make a push before free agency. Who has already earned the biggest paydays this offseason, and who will likely be taking a pay cut?
Has any general manager done a better job this year than Chicago’s Ryan Pace? Chris Wesseling reveals his top eight candidates for 2018 NFL Executive of the Year.
Expect the Vikings to dial up the pressure against Tom Brady and the Patriots. Also pay attention to QB matchups both young (Deshaun Watson–Baker Mayfield) and old (Philip Rivers–Ben Roethlisberger).
The Pittsburgh Steelers face a tough test this Sunday night hosting the Los Angeles Chargers as modest betting favorites for the game on the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.67225
Retrieved Text: A confluence of events has conspired to give the North Queensland Toyota Cowboys Under-20s a perfect shot at redemption on the Gold Coast this Saturday.
National Youth Competition high flyers a fortnight ago with six wins from their opening seven games, the young Cowboys were brought crashing down to earth last start, the Parramatta Eels’ frighteningly impressive 60-12 win delivering the team its worst hiding in several years.
And while most of the NYC and National Rugby League teams cool their heels this weekend during the Representative Round, Aaron Payne’s side heads to the glitter strip for a Round 4 make-up match versus the Titans.
That game was originally slated for late-March, but was postponed due to the Cowboys experiencing flight delays which meant they couldn’t get to the match on time.
Payne said the team – who will be minus Junior Kiwis Kaleb Fuimaono and Emry Pere, plus Junior Kangaroo Enari Tuala – was jumping out of its collective skin for the chance to atone for recent mistakes.
“We’ve tried to stay positive (out of that loss),” Payne said.
“I spoke to the team (about the heavy defeat) … you don’t become a bad team overnight. So, for me, it was a one-off.
“We didn’t have the right attitude to roll our sleeves up and be prepared to do the tough stuff to get two points.
Payne said poor attitude and inconsistent efforts in defence were two glaring faults in last week’s performance, and circumstances around the team’s training schedule provided the perfect platform to prepare well to face a Titans team that

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.61627
Retrieved Text: Trae Young and the Sooners now anxiously await their postseason fate after falling to the rival Cowboys.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Oklahoma State coach Mike Boynton wasted no time this week pondering whether his team had done enough to merit an at-large berth into the NCAA tournament.
That’s because the Big 12 tournament winner gets in automatically.
“I just control the things I can control, and the only thing I’ve been worried about since we played Saturday was getting my team ready to play,” Boynton said after the eighth-seeded Cowboys’ 71-60 victory over No. 9 seed Oklahoma in the opening round Wednesday night.
Oklahoma State swept the ninth-ranked Jayhawks during the regular season.
Trae Young had 22 points on 7-for-21 shooting for the Sooners (18-13), but no amount of offense could overcome a startling disparity on the boards. Oklahoma was outrebounded 53-27, and all of those rebounds led to a 19-2 advantage for the Cowboys in second-chance points.
Now, the Sooners must anxiously await their NCAA tournament fate.
The Sooners beat the Cowboys by 20 in early January, back when they were ascending to No. 4 in the nation. But things began to fall apart midway through the conference schedule, beginning with a lopsided loss to Kansas State and an overtime defeat to the Cowboys in Stillwater.
The slump hit its nadir with a six-game skid that put the Sooners on the NCAA tournament bubble.
Things weren’t a whole lot better during the first half at the Sprint Center. Young was hassled every time he touched the ball, nobody else made shots and the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.591173
Retrieved Text: The Cowboys enter the thick of the race for the NFC East title.
The Cowboys need to win the rest of their games to have any chance at winning the division.
The Packers rank fifth in the league in turnover differential at plus-6, mostly because they don’t give the ball away. Their nine giveaways are the fewest in the league, and they rank second in the NFL in fewest interceptions thrown with five. The Packers are 5-2 when they don’t have a turnover and 1-2 when they have at least two. If there were ever a time for the Cowboys’ turnover- challenged defense to find itself, now would be the time.
Sean Lee turned in one of the best performances of the season Monday, leading the team with 13 tackles and adding two tackles for loss, a sack and a quarterback hit. He and Rolando McClain have formed a dynamic linebacking duo for the past few weeks. Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers likes to spread the ball around, getting his tight ends and running backs involved. Lee’s speed can mitigate some of the damage when those players get the ball in their hands.
Neither team is particularly good at converting on third downs, with the Cowboys at 37.2 percent (20th in the league) and the Packers at 34.9 percent (26th). In the four games in which the Cowboys have scored at least 24 points, they’ve been 22 for 47 (46.8 percent) on third down. If the Cowboys can extend drives, they can turn some of those field goals into touchdowns and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.590979
Retrieved Text: NFL Week 2 Predictions - Bears at Cowboys Odds & NFL Picks: It’s the Chicago Bears vs. Dallas Cowboys in “big D” in this week 2 NFL predictions match-up. The Las Vegas odds have the Cowboys as a -7½(-110) point NFL picks home favorite. The Cowboys did well against the NFL spread in 2009, especially going 5-3, while the Bears were 2-6. Even with those Vegas odds, this NFL week 2 predicitons could be an upset special!
The Bears (1-0) looked less than impressive in defeating the Lions 19-14 in a week one NFC North divisional NFL picks clash. Though the Bears committed four turnovers and failed in some short yardage situations, the team did find success moving the ball up and down the field. Quarterback Jay Cutler passed for 372 yards and running back Matt Forte accumulated 200 all-purpose yards, including two receiving touchdowns. Cutler also found receivers Devin Aromashodu and Johnny Knox for big plays in the passing game while the team piled-up 23 first downs against the Lions.
To pull an NFL predictions upset, the Bears are going to have find a way to score more points, something they found challenging against an improved Lions defense. The Cowboys (0-1) didn’t have a problem defending in their 13-7 NFL picks loss to the Redskins. The Skins managed only 250 yards in total offense against the Cowboys as Dallas denied the running game and forced quarterback Donovan McNabb to beat them. Dallas, though, provided little pressure on McNabb, with just one sack, and no interceptions. The Cowboys

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.408295
Retrieved Text: The Salvation Army and the Dallas Cowboys have announced that Kenny Chesney will rock the Cowboys Stadium on Thanksgiving Day to kick-off The Salvation Army’s 122nd annual Red Kettle Campaign.
Chesney’s performance will be televised live nationally on FOX during halftime of the Dallas Cowboys Thanksgiving Day (Nov. 22) game against the Washington Redskins at 3:15 PM/CT. The concert marks the 16th year of the Thanksgiving Day partnership between the Dallas Cowboys and The Salvation Army, during which time the Red Kettle Campaign has raised more than $1.5 billion.
Also, now through Nov. 11, fans of the Cowboys and Chesney can visit www.SalvationArmyUSA.org/BoysofFall for a chance to win a trip for four to Dallas to see the Thanksgiving Day game, including on-field passes for the halftime show performance and a meet-and-greet with Chesney. Complete contest rules and details are available here.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.406303
Retrieved Text: On December 30th, 2015, Dak Prescott played his final game at Mississippi State, rolling past North Carolina State in the Belk Bowl to conclude a 9-4 season.
Thirteen days later, on January 12th, Ezekiel Elliott played his final collegiate game at Ohio State - carrying his Buckeyes to a national championship win.
Now, the dynamic duo have the Dallas Cowboys at the top of the NFL in their first year in the league, rolling to their ninth straight win Sunday at home against the Ravens.
It wasn't a pretty win, as Baltimore ensured it wouldn't be, but at the end of the day the Cowboys made even more history in 2016 - beating the Ravens for the first time to set the record for the team's longest ever winning streak.
With a quick turnaround for Thanksgiving against the Redskins, I hope that Cowboys Nation can get the most out of today's #VictoryPoloMonday. To help out, here is our accompanying Tweet Break - featuring the best Cowboys related tweets for #BALvsDAL.
Perhaps the best part about the Cowboys' 2016 success is that other teams know what to expect from Dallas' offense, yet they still power this team to victory each week.
Ezekiel Elliott became the Cowboys' rookie rushing champion, surpassing Tony Dorsett despite just six first-half carries. His fresh legs then helped Dallas absolutely dominate the second half of this game to secure the win.
After holding @dallascowboys rookie rushing record for 39 yrs, I'll be on that sideline tomorrow 2 see @EzekielElliott do his thing! Rumble!
Only stat I need for this game. Cowboys

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.339762
Retrieved Text: CBS is the only place to watch the Super Bowl!
Fans Have Super Bowl Dreams As The Cowboys Head To L.A.Fans Have Super Bowl Dreams As The Cowboys Head To L.A.
Plans For NFL Draft At AT&T StadiumMore information is being reveale3d today about plans for this year's NFL Draft. Organizers are at AT&T Stadium in announcing the free activities for fans. The draft happens on April 26.
Atlanta's Iconic Georgia Dome ImplodedWatch as the Georgia Dome in Atlanta comes down in dramatic fashion, in a controlled implosion.
Postcards From Camp: Still A Fan FavoriteNearly 44,000 fans have visited Dallas Cowboys training camp so far. Judging by jersey sales, fans love Dak Prescott, Ezekiel Elliott, Jason Witten and Dez Bryant. But as CBS 11 Sports anchor Bill Jones found out one fan is torn between two loves -- Dak Prescott and Tony Romo.
Gronk Offers Spicer Help During White House VisitWhile the Patriots were visiting the White House on Wednesday, tight end Rob Gronkowski offered to help press secretary Sean Spicer at that podium.
Cowboys Fans Grab Gear & Hope To Win TicketsThe Cowboys are back at practice on Tuesday as they get ready for Sunday's game against the Packers. Fans are getting ready too, snapping up team gear and hoping for a chance to win tickets to the NFL playoff showdown.
Dallas Cowboys World Headquarters Opens To Public ToursToday is the day many football fans have been waiting for. This morning the new world headquarters of the Dallas Cowboys opens to the public for tours. The tours, which kick off at 8

================



======= Instance Index 36 =========
Input Text: Given that A: Well, got any problems on Mockingbird with crime or is that a crime free zone there? B: No, I don't think there is any such thing, as a crime free zone any longer. Therefore, it must be true that "there is some such thing as a crime free zone"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.106369
Retrieved Text: If you’re arrested with any amount of cocaine in your possession, you will be charged with felony possession of cocaine. This is so even if you have a trace amount of cocaine on you. That’s because there is no such thing as a misdemeanor cocaine charge under Georgia law. That being said, possession of cocaine is a serious charge that carries significant penalties and ramifications. However, all is not lost if you’ve been charged with cocaine possession. The experienced criminal defense attorneys of The Turner Firm can help craft an individualized defense for you with the goal of reducing the criminal penalties as much as possible.
What are the penalties under Georgia law for cocaine possession?
In Georgia, cocaine possession is a felony crime. Punishment for cocaine possession is significantly greater than punishment for marijuana possession. That’s because cocaine is classified as a Schedule II controlled substance under Georgia law. If you’re convicted of cocaine possession, you’ll be facing the possibility of one to 15 years in prison as well as a maximum fine of $100,000 plus court costs and surcharges. You’ll also have your driver’s license suspended.
What if I’m charged with possession of cocaine with the intent to distribute?
You don’t have to be a drug dealer to be charged with possession of cocaine with the intent to distribute. Generally speaking, for a first offense drug possession charge, you will be faced with five to 30 years in prison. Similar to possessing cocaine in a school zone or other designated drug-free zone, the intent to distribute cocaine charge

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.037271
Retrieved Text: In my view on RAMSI, I'm not saying that Solomon Islands is now crime free because that in itself is unachievable. Even RAMSI can't protect China-town. So let us not believe that RAMSI will turn S.I into a crime free society. Some of the crimes in our country have occured under RAMSI's watch. I think its fair to say that there is no such thing as 'crime free society'. RAMSI as an intervention force has already achieved most (if not all) of that were required of it at the first place and so I believe its about time they decide on moving on.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.029593
Retrieved Text: For the first time, Bangladesh and India are going to declare an 8.3-km area along the border as “crime-free zone” today to stop cross border terrorism and smuggling. The areas to be covered under the zone will include Putkhali and Daulatpur in south-western Bangladesh and Gunarmath and Kalyani in India’s West Bengal, sources in the Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) headquarters and home ministry said.
These areas were previously known as safe havens for smugglers. BGB director general Maj. Gen. Abul Hosain and his BSF counterpart, KK Sharma, will declare the first “crime-free zone” along the border at a function at the Kalyani border outpost in West Bengal.
Local representatives from both countries, such as members of Parliament (MPs) from the respective areas and district and police administrators, will be present at the function. BGB commanding officer (Khulna) Lt Col Tarique told The Independent that members of BGB and India’s BSF will jointly patrol the 8.3- km stretch round the clock. “Already, two border liaison posts (BLP)—one in Bangladesh and the other in India—have been set up by the respective paramilitary forces of the two countries near the zero line to keep close vigil on border activities,” he said.
“We'll share information and communication systems with each other and conduct joint operations to curb crime in border areas,” he added.
The BGB commanding officer said that criminals found it easy to smuggle arms, ammunition and gold through the porous border as there were no barbed wire fences. He also that the decision to demarcate the “crime-free zone” was taken at the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.275248
Retrieved Text: What constitutes a crime? Is crime defined by action, omission or even just thought? Does crime define its space? Decriminalised spaces or criminal havens? Is it a crime if there is no punishment? Is there such a thing as the perfect crime? Are we all criminals today? Who is policing? Part-time criminality or full-time criminals? Are criminal organisations micro-societies? Are Governments criminal organisations? Temporary Autonomous Zones or Permanent Autonomous Zone?
We are all criminals introduced students to the notion of a design essay — a combination of physical work and theoretical reflections — as a potential outcome for a design project.
Qu'est-ce qui constitue un crime? Un crime est-il défini par une action, une omission ou juste une pensée? L’espace définit-il le crime ? Espaces décriminalisés ou espaces pour criminels? Un crime existe t-il sans punition? Le crime parfait existe t-il? Sommes-nous des criminels aujourd'hui? Qui fait la police? Sommes-nous tous des criminels à temps partiels ou des criminels à plein temps? Les organisations criminelles sont-elles des sociétés à part entière? Est-ce que les gouvernements sont des organisations criminelles? Zones autonomes temporaires ou zones autonomes permanentes?
"We are criminals" a introduit les étudiants à la notion d’essai en design : la combinaison d'une approche pratique et d’une réflexion théorique – pour produire un projet design.
CRIME, a self-published newsprint posted to students before the beginning of the academic year with a selection of essays to introduce the project and to serve as the basis for the Crime Conference.
Organised and hosted by Alexandra Midal.
Judith Ickowicz, Lili Reynaud Dewar, Stéphane Bourgouin and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.96217
Retrieved Text: The bad news is, crime happens.
But there is good news too in the amount of support that's offered to crime victims, and Tyler police are right there in the thick of it.
National Crime Victims' Rights Week kicked off Sunday (April 7) and continues through this Saturday.
The theme for National Crime Victims' Rights Week is "Honoring Our Past. Creating Hope for the Future," and you can click HERE to connect with some valuable resources. Tyler Police are part of the effort to help crime victims recover too.
The Office for Victims of Crime said it's taking the opportunity this week to celebrate the progress made so far while it works toward a time when crime victim services are even more "inclusive, accessible, and trauma-informed." How do you think East Texas is doing?
Not a week goes by that we don't hear about a violent crime happening somewhere nearby, and sometimes it's a shocker. Like, really?! We thought we might be immune to some of the bad stuff, but nope, it's happening right here in our backyards. And if it's not on the news, we might hear rumblings through friends or co-workers. Crime is out there and it can be life-altering for victims.
Tyler Police do their best to connect crime victims with resources that they'll need to regroup and recover, and they've posted that information HERE. Did you know crime victims may be entitled to a financial settlement? There is compensation available to crime victims through the Texas Attorney General's Office.
We hope you're living in a crime-free zone with nothing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.425701
Retrieved Text: This has become the new popular place for many squirters since WorldWide Books closed. Anyone who enters is there for one thing. All types, predominantly businessmen, visitors, a lot of m The wall has about a 2 inch gap in it so that when you sit on the toilet, you have a clear view of theand everyone's! Newsletters Never miss a beat Sign Up Now Subscribe now to get the latest news delivered right to your inbox. And in the historic apartment district nearby, redevelopment is transforming several architecturally significant but blighted buildings.
Adult store with video arcade.
Meijer - Fraser Utica RdDetroit Go in the east entrance, the bathroom will be on your right, in the lobby. Anyone who enters is there for one thing. I've never had any problem finding someone to my. Body Zone E. But rising crime, disengaged landlords, and other factors eventually won out. If you are gay and you want to practise cruising in public places in Detroit in an anonymous way, here you can find spots such as beaches, parks, forests and other spaces next to urban areas, as well as every kind of public toilets and rest areas of highways where you can practise cruising in Detroit, Michigan.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.357138
Retrieved Text: Home » Frequently Asked Questions » What If You’re Criminally Charged in Federal Court For Legal Activity in California?
Business woman and lawyers discussing contract papers with brass scale on wooden desk in office. Law, legal services, advice, Justice concept.
If you have been criminally charged in federal court for legal activity in the state of California, then your first step should be to hire an attorney. If law enforcement has already arrested you on a misunderstanding, it’s your word against theirs. When the court is not as willing to listen to you by yourself, you have a louder voice when there’s a criminal lawyer in the room who is speaking on your behalf.
Federal crimes are the most serious crimes a person can be charged with. If someone is a defendant in a federal action, this means that he has been accused of committing a crime against the entire country. As such, the penalties associated with federal crimes are more severe than those at the state level.
There are a few ways in which federal crimes differ from state crimes. For one, there is no such thing as “double jeopardy” here. A person can be charged at both the state and federal levels for the same crime.
For instance, if a person robs a bank, he can be charged for robbing the bank within that state, and then be charged for robbing a federally insured business. So while the crime was the same, the charges are slightly different. A person may also be charged with a state crime on top

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.24643
Retrieved Text: How to choose a right law firm for you?
In the UAE, plenty type of law firms exists. Some law firms have advocates and legal consultants that are best with their style. If the firm has advocacy and legal consultancy license that means they have both Arabic lawyers and local advocates. Such type of license allows the advocates to appear in the criminal investigation and criminal cases. Not much law firms in Dubai are having such type of license as you may find law firms in Dubai and Abu Dhabi having the license of legal consultancy only. Such kind of license would not allow working lawyers to appear in the court. However, they still give them the right to appear in DIFC Courts. It is important to note that it is not possible to find criminal lawyers and legal consultant firm itself doesn’t have the right to appear in criminal court or criminal cases.
The client can easily find out if the law firm has the right for court audience or not or if they have criminal lawyers or not or can appear in the courts or not from the trade name. If the trade name has the word advocates and legal consultancy, then they have the right for court audience. However, if the UAE law firms have the name of legal consultancy without the name of advocates that means you won’t find lawyers in their team who could attend the court audience. Such Dubai legal consultants firm have to instruct law firm or advocate in Dubai from

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.233631
Retrieved Text: The C.H.I.L.L. Community Zone Initiative addresses the rising crime rates in Milwaukee, WI, a problem plaguing communities worldwide. With 145 homicides in Milwaukee during 2015, along with nearly 10,000 violent assaults, there is an increased need for strategic solutions to prevent and reduce crime.
We are currently fundraising to begin implementing our CHILL Community Safe Zone Initiative. We would greatly appreciate gaining your support with a tax-deductible donation today of any amount, so this initiative can begin making our community a safer place!
We are proud to have currently gained support from a litany of media outlets, business owners, celebrities, National recording artists, political figures, law enforcement professionals, along with other top leaders.
The C.H.I.L.L. Community Safe Zone Initiative will begin surveillance placement with private residents, churches, schools and community business owners beginning in Milwaukee Police District #7. This northwest side area covers 13.3 miles, and in 2015 alone had 2,013 violent assaults and 37 homicides, averaging 151.3 violent assaults per square mile. With a dense population of 102,336, this area houses nearly 20% of Milwaukee's total population.
Corporations, as well as business districts are also welcome to get involved and become C.H.I.L.L. Community Safe Zone locations. Existing surveillance can be utilized and signage can be displayed to designate these businesses as safe locations someone can stop for help when they are in danger or need assistance.
Using a combination of community support and accountability, along with both existing and newly installed top of the line surveillance cameras, these community blocks and business locations will be designated as areas where crime

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.207708
Retrieved Text: "Knowledge is responsibility." By some verdict of the fate it was me to whom was granted the difficult honour of discovering the phenomenon of telekinesis released technically, and also the honour of inventing devices which implement this phenomenon - of the type of "telekinetic cells", or "telekinetic magnocrafts". (I discovered lately, that an electronic circuit shockingly similar to the "telekinetic cell" of my invention, was supplying in electricity not long ago the so-called "crystal radios". It was because of this circuit, that the "crystal radios" worked perfectly although they did not have any battery nor any other external energy supply.) Thus I am fully aware that by the same verdict of the fate, it is also me who bears the responsibility for the most beneficial for our civilisation directing of consequences that result from these my discoveries, inventions, and findings. This is even more important, because already now I am able to encompass intellectually various implications that result from these facts. Especially I am able to predict already, that similarly to every other phenomenon, also the technical version of telekinesis introduces the potential for creating various consequences, which - if these slip out of control, may turn to be very disadvantageous for people and for natural environment with the elapse of time. I am also aware already now, that in order humanity can maintain a control over these consequences, it is absolutely necessary to establish on Earth the "telekinesis free zone". Therefore, on the power of authority which the fate invested in me by making me

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.184582
Retrieved Text: "Maybe he's onto something, because if you think about it, we've never tried that. We've never actually tried to repel terrorists with signs. Yeah, maybe that's all the airports need is a sign that says 'No Terrorists.'"
Trevor Noah, the host of Comedy Central’s The Daily Show, accidentally destroyed the case for gun control during his show on Wednesday night.
Noah probably doesn’t know it, but he just accidentally made an airtight case against gun-free zones in particular and gun control in general. He is 100 percent correct: people hell-bent on murdering as many people as possible don’t really care about silly signs or laws that tell them not to murder people. A sign that says “No Guns” will no more keep a violent jihadi from gunning down a bunch of innocent people than will a sign that says “Muslims Get Out.” And how do we know that gun-free zones, nearly always marked with signs designating them as such, don’t deter murderous psychopaths? Because mass shootings, rather than happening at gun ranges or in gun stores, keep happening in gun-free zones.
The Sandy Hook massacre? Gun-free zone. Columbine? Gun-free zone. The Aurora movie theater shooting? Gun-free zone. The shooting last year at an Oregon community college? Gun-free zone. The shooting at a movie theater in Lafayette? Gun-free zone. The attack on a military recruiting center in Chattanooga? Gun-free zone. The Ft. Hood shooting? You guessed it: gun-free zone. The San Bernardino attack? Gun-free zone. And the massacre perpetrated by an ISIS enthusiast at an Orlando night club? Gun-free zone.
New

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.975668
Retrieved Text: We give you news of the thing. Then we give you a virtual thing that helps you with the thing. Then we give you a virtual thing for when you don’t have the thing with you or want a taste of the thing before you get the real thing. Or something.
And we’ll keep this Ableton Goodies series going as long as people keep sending nice freebies and treats for Ableton users in our inbox.
In our last volca-related episode, we shared some free control patches built in Max for Live that make automating and manipulating the volca series from KORG more convenient, built by my musical partner-in-crime Nerk of NERKKIRN.
Now, here’s a Drum Rack that uses volca samples even if you don’t have the volca beats handy. And even if you do, you can manipulate some of those sounds in new ways – or fire this up when your AA batteries die, I suppose. As a bonus, there’s an effects rack calleum Smash!” – also free – that combines Saturation and Compression in a way that can be used creatively for drums or anything else.
Who would do such things? Why, perennial friend-of-the-site AfroDJMac, of course.
I don’t own any of these little guys, but Arthur Kaprelian does, and he was kind of to send over some samples. My first impression was “whoa this little drum machine sounds huge!” The file he sent over was about 6 minutes long worth of different drum hits. I sifted through them all and picked sixteen sounds and put them into an Ableton

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.732931
Retrieved Text: Florida is one of sixteen states that prohibit guns on college campuses, according to Campus Safety, and is among the 32 states that do not generally allow K-12 teachers to bear arms in the classroom, according to the Crime Prevention Research Center. . . .
in fact, as president of the Crime Prevention Research Center John R. Lott, Jr. has put it, it appears that more guns equals less crime. Just consider the following little-known facts: . . .
JOHN LOTT: The Problem With the FBI’s ‘Active Shooter’ Data.
The FBI’s first report claimed that only once from 2000-2013 did a concealed handgun permit holder stop one of 160 reported “active shooter” attacks. These active shooter attacks include any time a gun is fired in a public place, even if no one is injured or killed. They exclude gang fights or attacks that arise out of other crimes such as robberies.
The report got massive news coverage on the front pages of such newspapers as the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times, as well as all of the TV news networks. Gun control activists have frequently cited the report in court cases and in political debates to claim that civilians rarely use guns to stop public shootings.
Unfortunately, the problems with the reports have continued during the Trump administration. The latest FBI report, released in May, misses still more cases. The FBI claims that from 2014 to 2017 there were 90 active shooter cases and only seven where permit holders stopped these attacks.
In all, the FBI claims that concealed

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.720022
Retrieved Text: The U.S. Constitution provides that everyone has the right to speak his or her mind and assemble with others in public places such as public parks and sidewalks. According to the U.S. Supreme Court, sidewalks and downtown common areas are considered quintessential public forums deserving of the maximum constitutional protections. The Constitution does not discern between rich or poor, young or old, homeowners or houseless citizens. Apparently the city of Eugene and the Eugene Police Department are not well versed with these tenets of our democracy and have been utilizing their powers to unconstitutionally harass the poor, the young, and houseless people living in our fair city in order to protect “the right to shop and consume” without being forced to set eyes on how the other half lives.
Before the Downtown Public Safety Zone (DPSZ) was passed, many of its supporters claimed that crime rates were on the rise. But, according to statistics on the EPD’s website, property crime dropped 15 percent in 2007, violent crime dropped 16 percent and behavior crimes dropped 3 percent — so what precipitated this community need?
In 2008 the Eugene City Council adopted Ordinance #20419, which defined a Downtown Public Safety Zone and enacted conditions under which the Eugene Municipal Court could exclude a person from the zone. Five out of eight City Council members approved of it, including Andrea Ortiz, Mike Clark, Chris Pryor and Jennifer Solomon. Councilors Betty Taylor, Alan Zelenka, and Bonny Bettman McCornack were the only three who opposed the ordinance. The ordinance states that any person

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.661476
Retrieved Text: Jasper T. Scott: Dark Space (Book 6): Armageddon NOW AVAILABLE!
Dark Space (Book 6): Armageddon NOW AVAILABLE!
On Avilon not Even the Truth will Set You Free . . .
Omnius has been hiding a lot from the people of Avilon. The war with the Sythians is not what we thought, but that raises the question: if not the Sythians, then what did Omnius go to fight in the Getties Cluster?
Omnius knows what people will do before they do it. He predicts citizens’ behavior, and some suspect, he even makes those predictions come true. For those who wish to be free of his influence, Avilon’s lowermost city, the crime-ridden, shadow-filled Null Zone is the only option, but it is becoming increasingly apparent that not even the Nulls are free, and there is a more sinister reason behind The Choosing than the one Omnius gave.
As Omnius’s predictions begin to come true, Ethan Ortane realizes he could lose the one thing that matters most to him in the universe--his family.
Far from Avilon, the Sythians are hiding out in the neighboring Getties Cluster. Out there they discover something that wasn’t supposed to exist: a group of human rebels that escaped from Avilon. Their leader, Therius, seems to raise more questions than he answers, but he has a plan to defeat Omnius that just might work.
As Therius’s plan unfolds, people realize the terrible truth: he can’t win by conventional means, and he knows it. The alternative is called the Armageddon Protocol, but it could mean the end of everything, not just Omnius. .

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.530746
Retrieved Text: First of all, you need to have an understanding about Free zone license types in Dubai. There are four types of licenses in Free Zone.
1. Trade License: Related to Import and Export and can incorporate outside the UAE. 100% foreign ownership and no license requirement from the DED.
2. Industrial License: Working in industrial production outside the UAE and are within the Free Trade Zone. 100% foreign ownership and no license are required from the DED.
3. Service License: For a valid license from the respective government body in the UAE. Services such as banking, contracting, etc. can be offered but they must follow all the requirements of the governing body.
4. National Industrial License: For Industrial manufacturers. Provided with the same status as a local or GCC Company in the UAE.
These licenses are renewed on annual basis. One good thing about holding a free zone license in Dubai is that you get to have 100% ownership of the business. Those companies that have a trade license or industrial license can only operate a business within the Free Zone or abroad. In order to sell any products in the UAE, they must have an official UAE agent. In case, if he wants to obtain any service or buy any product from and within the UAE, he can do that individually.
There are several steps involved in getting a free zone license in Dubai based on which license is required i.e. DWC, DMCC, Jabel Ali, and Dubai Airports.
There’s a certain amount of fee to be submitted and you can get your

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.363363
Retrieved Text: Alabo, who granted this interview on the side-line of the just-concluded retreat by the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment, said over $60 billion USD had been attracted to the zone, which had been adjudged as the most successful of all the free zones.
He also disclosed that additional jobs could be created to the existing over 30,000 workers; directly and indirectly, if investors bring on operations from the downstream sector of the oil and gas industry, considering the availability of raw materials in the zone.
He said that government’s support for the free zone, in terms of policy consistency had encouraged investors, while the authority was working to address the issue of interference on such policy by some agencies, especially on the front of taxes.
He talked on more industry issues of concern and how plans are on to have initiatives expand the nation’s economy.
What amount of money has thus far been investment here?
You know, in Foreign Direct Investment, we have over $60 billion that have been attracted to this free zone. For the free zones across the country, the other zones are not as successful as this and investment portfolio there is about $12 to 15 billion.
Intels is the biggest player in this free zone, and as an investor in free zones, they have confidence in Nigeria’s economy. So, they have done massive investments within the free zone. For instance, they are into port development. Initially, the port here had only about 7-9 metres draft, but they have gone to 9- 12 metres draft.
It is a Public

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.276731
Retrieved Text: We’ve often heard about celebrities being embroiled in controversy over having committed a crime. From minor assault charges and felonies, like bribery and fraud, right up to more serious crimes such as child molestation and sexual violence, the celebrity world has seen its fair share of almost everything.
But, there seems to be a pattern with crimes that have been associated with celebrities. Aside from being widely covered by the media due to their star status, it can be also noted that quite a number of crimes committed by these idolized members of society have been quietly swept under the rug, all due to something that comes with being a celebrity, celebrity immunity.
This celebrity immunity has been the point of debate since the existence of Hollywood and although many believe this to be just a myth, history has proven that this immunity is indeed very real. And, it’s quite common for celebrities to have a few ways or influences that they can use to control the proceedings of things, after their involvement in the crime has been announced to the public.
Like they say in movie land, fame is a funny thing. For celebrities, fame is what gets you the lime light but at the same time, it also leaves your personal life bare for everyone to see. The thing about fame is that, in most cases, it attracts a legion of loyal fans that would be willing to do anything for their favorite icon. Celebrities are well aware of this and some of them choose to exploit

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.213474
Retrieved Text: BUJUMBURA February 24th (ABP) – Administrative officials, police forces and inhabitants of the Ngagara urban zone in Ntahangwa commune are working hard to fight against theft, said Ms. Imelde Ndikuriyo, the chief of Ngagara zone, on Friday.
In recent days, that form of crime was especially reported in some quarters such as quarter IV, V, III and quarter II. Groups of thieves were robbing in households and on public roads, depriving passersby from what they had on them mostly cell phones, watches and jewelry.
Ndikuriyo is delighted that this network of robbers is about to be dismantled after the arrest of four young boys. Currently, she said, the police and the administration are looking for a member of that network that escaped. The operation was made possible thanks to the joint efforts of the administration and the elements of the police forces stationed in that zone.
In order to curb this form of crime, said the Ngagara zone chief, the administration multiplies tours in quarters in order to mobilize the people around this issue while the elements of the Burundi National Police (PNB) are multiplying patrols days and nights.
The urban zone of ​​Ngagara also has the merit of having developed a highly developed communication system over the phone that allows exchanging pieces of information on security in a timely manner, Ndikuriyo said. In fact, she said, the telephone numbers of all those responsible for the administration and the police forces were communicated by the people so that information on security is given in real time.
Officials of the administration in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.210691
Retrieved Text: Burton Monroe remembers back a dozen years, back to when there were assaults, sometimes shootings, in Northwest Baltimore's Park Circle Industrial Park. Coming to work there was "like walking into the Wild West."
No more. Today, the desolate buildings that attracted muggers have been reborn as a thriving business center.
Ten years ago, Maryland designated the Park Circle Industrial Park a state enterprise zone. Since then, businesses have been claiming tax breaks for moving and building there.
It is one of 17 zones, both urban and rural, that have been established around the state. The Department of Economic and Employment Development estimates that the zones have spawned $208 million in new investment over 10 years.
Now, President Bush, fresh from the tragedy of Los Angeles, touts a federal enterprise zone program as a fix for urban ills.
But Mr. Monroe, a mechanic at Cindarn Plastics in Park Circle, shakes his head.
"It's not magic," Mr. Monroe said last week. "It's not an overnight thing. He's looking at a long-term project, a 10- to 15-year project. He's got to walk and crawl along with the community."
In Washington, enterprise zones -- an idea around since the late 1970s -- are suddenly new again. Republicans and Democrats are proposing competing programs that combine tax incentives for urban investment with other social programs.
No one's sure what the final product -- if Congress and the White House can agree on one -- will look like. The president is believed to favor breaks in capital gains taxes. Democrats tend to lean more toward tax incentives for hiring low-income

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.193872
Retrieved Text: Last week John Arendt posted a column titled Good people, bad people, and guns.
John made the statement that if the weapon used had been banned that the outcome of the Christchurch, Ecole Polytechnique, and Quebec City mosque shootings would have turned out differently.
The Christchurch shooter, Brenton Tarrant, was caught with two bombs as well as his firearms.
Even without the weapon John thinks is responsible the Christchurch massacre, Tarrant would have still carried it out, just using other means.
The Ecole Polytechique shooter has always been referred to as Marc Lepine but his birth name was Gamil Garbi, son of a wife beating Algerian immigrant. He grew up learning to hate women from his father.
Vehicles have mowed people down for several years now.
The Tsarnaev brothers (Boston Marathon), Timothy McVeigh, and the Irish Republican Army all used bombs. Twenty-nine people at a Kunming, China train station and up to 1,000,000 Tutsi in Rwanda were killed with long knives. The 9/11 terrorists used airplanes.
To paraphrase a popular saying, “Where there is a will they will find a weapon”.
There is evidence that the weapon used is a matter of personal preference for the perpetrator in ideologically motivated killings and banning guns won’t stop that from happening.
Will banning guns make a population safer in general as our government is suggesting? It hasn’t in any of the countries it’s already been tried in.
There is no evidence that the gun laws the Liberals implemented in 1995 ever did anything but waste $2 billion taxpayer dollars.
Australia banned many types of guns in 1996. Although homicides

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.14321
Retrieved Text: Plain English summary of the gun laws for traveling through the U.S.
PAGE NINE No. 173 "The Uninvited Ombudsman Report"
"Provide Miranda-style protection to 911 callers."
Denying a person's civil rights may be legal, but it's reckless, negligent and dangerous.
"You can create a gun-free zone, but you're liable for any harm it causes."
or ask and I'll send you a copy.
"The 911 Limited Immunity Law"
Two laws your state legislature can enact in 2018.
Next year, lots of good stuff.
In Venezuela, the public are in the streets protesting socialism.
In the socialist world, people are escaping and attempting to break in here.
No one here is attempting break in there. No one.
1- 911 Callers Deserve "Miranda Rights"
"Everything you say will be used against you."
Half the convictions in self-defense cases come from the 911 recordings.
Therefore, the state legislature hereby enacts the following statute to provide limited immunity to individuals who are directly or indirectly involved in an incident involving the threatened or actual use of physical or deadly physical force if they promptly make a good-faith effort to report such instances by calling 911 or other appropriate authorities.
their 5th Amendment and Miranda rights during the call.
People currently lack self-incrimination protections.
by relying on everything except self-incrimination from 911 voice recordings.
The state frequently and abusively relies on unsound self-incrimination.
A. Any individual who is directly or indirectly involved in an incident involving the threatened or actual use of justifiable physical or deadly physical force shall be granted limited immunity for all statements made in a good-faith effort to promptly report such incident to appropriate authorities in an effort

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.13959
Retrieved Text: We all watch legal thrillers and police procedurals, but we never imagine something of that magnitude happening to us. The fact of the matter is that there are a lot of situations where you might need a law firm to intercede on your behalf, even situations where criminal law might come into play. The first thing that you are going to have to do if you have been accused of a crime is, of course, to find a lawyer for yourself.
One thing that you should be wary of are lawyers that charge you for a consultation. More often than not these lawyers are just looking for a quick cash grab. They are far less likely to help you out in the long term. What you need is a lawyer that is going to take you and your situation as seriously as possible. The important thing to remember is that there are a number of different attorneys that could give you a free consultation. This will indicate that they are legitimately interested in your case and could potentially fight on your behalf, something that will help you come out the other side without having to worry about the sort of impact it will have had on your life.
You should try and preserve as much evidence as possible while you are working on your case. This is going to show the court as well as the jury that will inevitably decide whether you are guilty or innocent that you are the sort of person that would never commit

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.05953
Retrieved Text: Well said, my fantastically sarcastic friend.
I cringe whenever I walk up to a school and see the “Drug Free Zone” sign. Oh darn, I guess I can’t sell my drugs here, it’s a drug-free zone! But more importantly, why does there even need to be an announcement that drugs are not allowed, particularly at a school? The last time I checked, drugs are pretty much a no-no anywhere you go. It’s not quite the same as “smoking area” versus “non-smoking area”, folks. Every “zone” is a no drug zone, unless you are testing the boundaries in Colorado or you find yourself on Willie Nelson’s tour bus.
Ugh. I loathed this entire campaign. So apparently there are some idiotic parents out there who want their kids to think they are really cool, as opposed to being, well, responsible parents. So they decide to host keggers for their underage kids and their friends. While I am totally against this thing, there is no way in hell I am putting that sign up in my yard to protest it. I may as well put a sign in my yard that says, “Stop Being a Moron”; I’d be covering a lot more bases that way. It’s too bad people have to spend a lot of time, money and energy basically campaigning against stupidity.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.059135
Retrieved Text: You need to take a drug charge very seriously. If you are convicted of a drug crime in New Jersey, the penalties are severe. In many cases, a conviction carries a mandatory minimum term of incarceration. That means you could be going to prison for a very long time.
Kamensky Cohen & Riechelson is a well-respected law firm with more than 40 years of experience in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Our attorneys regularly defend clients against drug charges in Trenton, Hightstown, and everywhere else in Mercer County. We will guide you through the complex legal process and keep you informed every step of the way so that you know exactly what is happening with your case. We will also do whatever it takes to help you avoid the most serious drug penalties. Call KCR now to begin your defense.
You can also be sentenced to 6 months in jail just for having drug paraphernalia such as syringes or bongs.
Distribution of a CDS in a school zone can result in enhanced penalties. If you are caught trying to sell less than 1 ounce of marijuana near a school, you may be sentenced to 1 additional year in prison. This is on top of the standard penalties for marijuana distribution. All other school zone offenses – such as distribution of cocaine or heroin – carry a mandatory minimum sentence of 3 years in prison.
All drug offenders in the State of New Jersey are subject to suspension of their driving privileges. If you are convicted of drug possession or drug distribution,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.051346
Retrieved Text: Zone Blanche Season 2 Episode 3 "Episode 3" Full Online Free HD. Zone Blanche Season 2 Episode 3 The Best Quality Here at "viraltv" Yessss. Episode 3 - Zone Blanche Season 2 Episode 3 [720p] HDTV can be found on our website including the Quality Zone Blanche Season 2 Episode 3 HDHQ [1080p]. WATCH Zone Blanche Season 2 Episode 3 online streaming. Download Zone Blanche Season 2 Episode 3 Online. You’ll be able to watch and stream Movies Zone Blanche Season 2 Episode 3 with us here at "viraltv" anytime without any restrictions or limitations. Just remember Zone Blanche Season 2 Episode 3 Videos are available at our site "viraltv".
Overview : In the small bordertown of Villefranche, lost in the heart of a large forest, crime rate is six times higher than elsewhere in the area. Each new crime Major LaurÃ¨ne Weiss solves with the help of her unusual team makes her sink deeper and deeper into secrets of the area.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.015741
Retrieved Text: The Internet is a fantastic resource that can help our children grow and learn but we also need to make sure that they are safe online, and to help you we have put some links to websites and resources that you will find useful.
There are several ways to help protect the whole family online. Firstly, antivirus software, secondly is looking at parental controls and finally, speaking to members of the family and watching and helping them when they get stuck and ask for help.
To help you we have put some links to products and information that will help you. For parental controls please click on the parental control tab on the left.
Knowbe4 have also created an E-Safety activity kit that you can do as a family. Please have a look at ActivityBook 1 and ActivityBook 2 at the bottom of the page.
PCmag tested free antivirus have a read at what they found.
The UK Safer Internet Centre has created this guide to answer commonly asked questions and introduce some of the most popular devices used by children, highlighting the safety tools available and empowering parents with the knowledge they need to support their children to use these technologies safely and responsibly. Click on the link below.
A government website which gives parents, teachers and school leaders practical advice on protecting children from extremism and radicalisation.
Parent Info is a collaboration between CEOP and Parent Zone. Parent Zone was founded in 2005 and has a track record of providing information, support and advice to parents. In recent years, The Parent

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.983961
Retrieved Text: A theft crime is a criminal act of taking another individual's personal property without that person's consent. In California, theft crimes are classified as either grand theft or petty theft. Petty theft is taking another person's property valued at $950 or less, without the person's consent.
In most cases, petty theft is considered a misdemeanor. Grand theft is taking another person's property, valued at $950 or greater, without the person's consent. Many grand theft crimes are considered felonies whereas petty theft is charged as a misdemeanor. If you've been charged with any type of theft, discuss your options with our aggressive Santa Rosa theft crime lawyer today.
Why Choose Our Santa Ana Theft Crime Lawyer?
Don't wait to call (707) 418-5352 to set up your free case evaluation.
In California, theft crime charges can range from a minor shoplifting charge (for stealing something valued under $400) to grand theft, which can be charged as a felony and could require a state prison sentence. There is no such thing as a "simple" theft crime. It all depends on the nature of the crime, including the value of the property taken, any prior related theft convictions, or other circumstances.
Petty Theft - In most cases, first offenses such as shoplifting are punishable by a small fine and 1 to 3 years of informal probation. In some cases, a first offense can be reduced to an infraction, thus eliminating any criminal record. A second or third theft/shoplifting offense is a much more serious matter because of the consequences. It can be charged as Felony

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.961918
Retrieved Text: Fulham Broadway to Become Saturation Zone?
Fulham Broadway to become "Saturation Zone"?
Hammersmith and Fulham Council has begun consulting local people about its plans for a Fulham Broadway Saturation Policy, which would limit noise nuisance and low level crime in the town centre area.
Some parts of London's West End have already been declared saturation zones, a policy which comes under the Licensing Act 2003. This gives local councils the power to refuse to grant any new licences for bars or clubs within the zone.
The policy has proved so successful it is now spreading to other areas of the capital. In Fulham the saturation zone would include the area around Fulham Broadway, along Fulham Road and around Stamford Bridge.
Over the last few years, the council has become aware that, due to the popularity of the location, the increase in the number of venues and longer trading hours, local residents, businesses and visitors within the Fulham Town Centre Area are being affected by crime and disorder and public nuisance on a regular basis.
Following an earlier consultation with residents, businesses and responsible authorities the council is of the opinion that however tightly controlled and well-run individual premises are in the area, the number of premises in one location is resulting in issues such as excessive late night noise, rowdiness, intimidation, litter and criminal damage, all of which have had a detrimental effect on the local area.
Local residents can view the proposed policy and are invited to make comments until September 23 and a decision is expected by the council in January

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.915844
Retrieved Text: But pro-gun-rights economist John Lott Jr. wrote in his 2003 book, “The Bias Against Guns,” that states with conceal-and-carry laws did have lower firearm murder and injury rates. He’s also argued that guns can be a powerful deterrent: A research paper of his cites a 1986 survey in which 56 percent of felons across 10 state prisons said they would not attack a potential victim known to be armed. . . .
An underreported study released a year ago by the Crime Prevention Research Center (CPRC), the organization led by America’s leading gun policy expert John Lott, found that 92 percent of mass shootings since 2009 have taken place in designated gun-free zones.
“Gun-free” zones are purported to forestall gun violence, but in practice they attract deranged gunmen like porch lights attract moths. Why? Because deranged gunmen are crazy, not stupid. An identified gun-free zone literally advertises the ideal environment for committing mass murder.
Mass shootings are committed by mentally ill people to achieve a form of immortality, or by political zealots to terrorize the public. They know the more they kill, the more publicity they’ll get. They also know the only way they will be stopped is by a good guy with a gun, so they choose to attack in places where they know nobody else will be armed.
Most mass shootings don’t end until the police arrive. Killers typically have several minutes to slaughter as many victims as they can without fear of interference.
Holmes was able to murder 12 people and wound another 70 before he walked out

================



======= Instance Index 2 =========
Input Text: Given that ``But my father always taught me never to be afraid of pointing out the obvious. I'm sure you have noticed the implication of the letter, that the writer has in fact observed Jenny undressing for bed?'' I just wondered if you also knew as I'm sure you do that her bedroom's at the rear of the house? Therefore, it must be true that "Jenny's bedroom's at the rear of the house"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.168304
Retrieved Text: Zac, the solar passive pup, soaking up the warmth on the burnished concrete floor at 8:30am on 22 May after a 0.2 degree minimum earlier that morning.
Jenny's north-facing kitchen/dining/living area (green on the graph) peaked at 20.4 degrees yesterday (8.7 degrees higher than the external max) and dropped to 14.6 as it was hitting -4.5 outside (a whopping 19.1 degree difference). The southern bathroom, shown in black on the graph, reached 16 degrees yesterday (without assistance from the infrared ceiling panel) and then dropped to 13.2 overnight (still 17.7 degrees above the external temp). If you're wondering what the strange temp spikes are in the bathroom: 1. Jenny's partner had a very late shower last night (the midnight peak) and 2. Jenny turned on the infrared heater panel in the bathroom at 6:40am after scraping the -4.5 degree ice from her windscreen and ducking off to the gym. The infrared panel was switched off again at 8:45am.
Temperatures in Jenny's house over the 24 hour period that included Canberra's lowest maximum temp (11.7) and lowest minimum temp (-4.5) for the month of May, 2017. See floor plan with colour key below. It was 18.3 degrees in the dining/living area at 10pm when it was about to hit 0 degrees outside.
HOW IS IT SO? The reason Jenny's house does so well is because it has been designed and optimised (through a combined architectural and scientific process) to soak up, and retain, free heat from the sun during cooler months. Despite the skinny, north-to-the-street block of land, the house

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.790384
Retrieved Text: On a private lane and set back off road, extended detached house with a large plot and five double bedrooms, two en-suites and a large utility area. Secluded large rear wrap-around garden, walking distance to main line train station and amenities.
Originally a large two bed detached bungalow, now a huge five bed detached family home with a beautiful, large and private garden. This is most definitely a property you should not miss out on.
This beautiful family home which sits on a large plot and is set back off the road at the end of a private lane, creating a quiet serenity within the property and garden - a huge benefit for anybody who wishes to come home after work and just relax with no noise from passing traffic. Having a mainline train station within a 10 minute walk is another huge benefit this family home holds, this makes commuting to and from work an absolute breeze eradicating the need for extra travel expenses. Whilst in this property and surrounding grounds you may feel as though you are in the middle of the country side, away from needed amenities, however you will have the convenience of being within walking distance to all the local amenities such as a post office, bakery and public house. Burgess Hill Town Centre which is about to be redeveloped is approximately 2 miles away and Haywards Heath is in close proximity, both offering a fantastic selection of well-regarded schools.
As you enter this property you will notice how spacious the hallway is, already

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.151093
Retrieved Text: Jenny's Beef Ltd is based in West Cornwall, the herd of cattle grazing the lush green pastures of a traditional Cornish farm.
Animal husbandary is at the forefront of Jenny's Beef Ltd's principles along with safeguarding the natural environment and creating a sustainable farming industry. Every animals history is known right back to birth, with most animals being born on farm and others bought direct from other carefully selected and known farms. Each animal is tended to daily by a familiar face who knows their individual characters and needs.
Our chosen abbatoir is local to the farm. The animals are transported to the slaughter house by ourselves to keep stress to a minimum.
The carcass is then hung to ensure tenderness and then cut and packaged to our own requirements by highly skilled butchers.
Jenny Dunstan, founder and managing director of Jenny's Beef Ltd has always had a passion for animals and stock farming.
Jenny is from a farming background, with generations of her family being beef farmers. Jenny has numerous agricultural qualifications, including formal qualifications in livestock production.
"Delicious, local, well priced and good for the conscious; Jenny's Beef is a truly excellent choice for local, sustainable meat. Will definitely be ordering again."
"Thank you so much for such a fab meat box. We are quickly going through the box and will be re-ordering soon. Thanks again."

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.485294
Retrieved Text: Apple Property Services are proud to offer this spacious four bedroom detached family home, with off street parking for several cars. the property boasts two receptions, modern kitchen, a ground floor W/C, 4 bedroom's and family bathroom. The property is available to view immediately. Call today on 01708 704 768.
Situated on a fantastic corner plot, this property is ideally located for access to Romford's main line station and the A12.
GROUND FLOOR CLOAKROOM : Double-glazed window to rear, low-flush W.C, wash-hand basin, wall-mounted boiler.
FIRST FLOOR LANDING : Access to all first floor rooms, double-glazed window to side.
BEDROOM 1 : 14'2" x 11'9" (4.32m x 3.58m) , Double-glazed windows to front & to side, feature fireplace, wall-monted radiator.
BEDROOM 2 : 14'3" x 10'5" (4.34m x 3.18m) , Double-glazed windows to front & to rear, wall-mounted radiator.
BEDROOM 3 : 11'2" x 8'1" (3.40m x 2.46m) , Double-glazed window front, wall-mounted radiator.
STUDY/BEDROOM 4 : 6'7" x 6'5" (2.01m x 1.96m) , Double-glazed window to side, wall-mounted radiator.
REAR GARDEN : 50'0" x 38'0" (15.24m x 11.58m) , Patio area, lawn area, pedestrian side access to both sides of the property, shed.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.308155
Retrieved Text: Impact Arts | Impact Arts blog | "I've laughed loads... I'm definitely more confident" - 36 days until Cashback!
"I've laughed loads... I'm definitely more confident" - 36 days until Cashback!
36 days to go until our new Cashback to the Future programme kicks off! Today, we're looking at Jenny's story of being a participant in a similar Gallery 37 project last year.
Jenny, 15, from North Ayrshire, was referred by her mum onto a week-long Easter animation and performance project. Having had an illness which caused long periods of absence and hospital stays, she eventually left school at age 14 to be home-schooled. Her mum was looking for something that Jenny would enjoy and would get her out of the house. She was fairly socially isolated, and would not leave home for months at a time.
Initially, Jenny's parents had informed the artists she would be working with that she may need to leave early due to fatigue, and it was likely she wouldn't stay the whole week due to ill health. She was also shy and hesitant around the other young people at first. But after being given a taster on the first day of model-making and animation, she enjoyed herself and became noticeable more relaxed when talking to others around the table.
There was a very noticeable change in Jenny's confidence, with her seeming to grow more outgoing and positive each day. “I’ve laughed loads," she says, "and I’m definitely more confident now”.
By the end of the week she had swapped telephone numbers with the other young people

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.011543
Retrieved Text: From the bestselling author of She’s Not There comes another buoyant, unforgettable memoir—I’m Looking Through You is about growing up in a haunted house...and making peace with the ghosts that dwell in our hearts.
For Jennifer Boylan, creaking stairs, fleeting images in the mirror, and the remote whisper of human voices were everyday events in the Pennsylvania house in which she grew up in the 1970s. But these weren’t the only specters beneath the roof of the mansion known as the “Coffin House.” Jenny herself—born James—lived in a haunted body, and both her mysterious, diffident father and her wild, unpredictable sister would soon become ghosts to Jenny as well.
I’m Looking Through You is an engagingly candid investigation of what it means to be “haunted.” Looking back on the spirits who invaded her family home, Boylan launches a full investigation with the help of a group of earnest, if questionable, ghostbusters. Boylan also examines the ways we find connections between the people we once were and the people we become. With wit and eloquence, Boylan shows us how love, forgiveness, and humor help us find peace—with our ghosts, with our loved ones, and with the uncanny boundaries, real and imagined, between men and women.
Jenny Boylan’s I’m Looking Through You ranks right up there with Mary Karr’s The Liar’s Club and Tobias Wolff’s This Boy’s Life as one of the finest literary memoirs of the last several decades. Like these, it’s a haunting revelation of the human heart, its terrible longings, its fears and joys, the secret recesses where

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.970331
Retrieved Text: Pregnancy can be scary for many women, especially those who feel they are not ready to support a child. Many women facing crisis pregnancy consider abortion but want alternative solutions. In His Hands helps provide women facing crisis pregnancy with the support and resources to consider alternatives to abortion. If you are facing crisis pregnancy and looking for support, please contact michelle@inhishandsorphans.org or call 217.381.6006.
In His Hands is currently raising funds to open Jenny's House, a safe place for women who have decided to make an adoption plan and need a place to stay during pregnancy. Once the child is placed for adoption, these women will also receive housing and support for a period of time while seeking employment or enrolling in school. If you would like to help with fundraising or make a donation toward the establishment of Jenny's House, please email michelle@inhishandsorphans.org.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.872744
Retrieved Text: I have a shop on etsy but haven't updated it for ages. With moving and house shopping and many other reasons and excuses I haven't kept it up. I popped along to Jenny's blog today and she is very involved in etsy. There are challenges she is entering that I didn't know existed and she participates in a great way that helps promote her own work but also the work of others. The last challenge she was in was a beadweaving challenge and the works on display are wonderful. I love seed beading work. Go and check out her blog. Hopefully soon she will tell us how she went in the challenge.
I am part of your Creative Bloggers Web Ring and just popped in to see your post about Jenny's Blog.
For a second, I had thought your link took me to my blog because we're using the same template.
Anyway, I'm looking forward to being apart of this blog ring.
I too was impressed by Jenny's "Gladiator" piece.
Love to have you pop in, read my post (Fiber Artist Makes Pouches with Pizazz), and comment as well.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.265568
Retrieved Text: The Britannia Country House Hotel and Spa is located just a 10 minute drive from the airport.
There are on-site parking packages available to book at the hotel through ManchesterParking.com.
A bookable shuttle service is available for transfers to and from the airport, costing £6 return for adults, £3 return for under 16s and free for under 5s.
A range of room types are available to book, including family rooms for up to five people.
The hotel has wifi access and all rooms come with tea and coffee making facilities and air conditioning, as standard. There is also a Spindles Health and Leisure Club on-site at the hotel, which boasts a swimming pool, spa, sauna, gym and steam room. Guests can gain access to the leisure club for a small charge.
Guests are welcome to visit Jenny's Restaurant for their evening meal and breakfast or head to The Overstuffed Pizzeria for some delicious Italian cuisine. The Java Lounge Café Bar, Jenny's Bar and The Residents Bar are also located on-site for those looking to relax with a drink and a light meal or snack.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.160639
Retrieved Text: Located at the heart of a hamlet, 10km away from Die, you are welcome in our restaured family house, on a self-catering, half or full-board basis. You can admire views of the Glandasse mountain-South Vercors mountain range-from the bedroom's balcony.
Stopover accommodation for 6 people. 1 bedroom for 2 persons (with 1 double bed) and one 4 persons bedroom (1 double bed and a bunkbed for 2 persons). There is a large vaulted room and a bathroom on the ground floor, two bedrooms upstairs accessible from a sheltered staircase outside. The house is simple but welcoming ! It is a good starting point to practice outdoor activities.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.741528
Retrieved Text: Tom & Jenny's Sugar Free Soft Caramels at Netrition.com.
Tom & Jenny's Sugar Free Soft Caramels are made from milk cream and are sweetened with xylitol and maltitol syrup. Tom & Jenny's Sugar Free Soft Caramels are low carb and gluten free.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.66411
Retrieved Text: It is time to Spring into your new home! This house has three bedroom's, two bathroom's, and a open floor plan. Off of the living room and through french doors is a huge office, perfect for work or a play room! Large storage unit in the back yard. Very close to schools and shopping! Priced to sell! Call today for your private showing!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.441431
Retrieved Text: It is a pleasure to participate in your home design contest. Hope that our design proposal can spark lots of ideas in renovating your apartment interior. The concept is to create a monochromatic ambiance between black-grey and white color, with a touch of warm wooden elements (accentuate the existing flooring and original white 'canvas' look of the house), and some metal elements (black metal and brass/bronze metal). Some furniture are built-in (cabinet and bench at the foyer, master bedroom's walk in cabinet, wall tv/electric fireplace at living room, and the new dining table).
Thank you and all the best with your home project!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.244379
Retrieved Text: Jenny passed away May 16, 2014. Jenny touched thousands of people's lives. I have been trying to figure out a way to keep Jenny with us everyday and finally figured it out! We will take Jenny everywhere with us! At Jenny's memorial, we passed out pins with Jenny's picture on them. Please take your Jenny pin everywhere with you especially on vacations. Help Jenny travel the world. Take a pic of Jenny's pin at the places you travel to and post in this group! This page will be used to keep track of everywhere Jenny has been :) Lets keep Jenny with us :) This isnt the end Jenny; you live on in all of our hearts.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.907953
Retrieved Text: The New York Times bestselling author of The Library of Light and Shadow crafts a dazzling Jazz Age jewel—a novel of ambition, betrayal, and passion about a young painter whose traumatic past threatens to derail her career at a prestigious summer artists' colony run by Louis Comfort Tiffany of Tiffany & Co. fame. "[M.J. Rose] transports the reader into the past better than a time machine could accomplish" (The Associated Press).
New York, 1924. Twenty‑four‑year‑old Jenny Bell is one of a dozen burgeoning artists invited to Louis Comfort Tiffany's prestigious artists' colony. Gifted and determined, Jenny vows to avoid distractions and romantic entanglements and take full advantage of the many wonders to be found at Laurelton Hall.
But Jenny's past has followed her to Long Island. Images of her beloved mother, her hard-hearted stepfather, waterfalls, and murder, and the dank hallways of Canada's notorious Andrew Mercer Reformatory for Women overwhelm Jenny's thoughts, even as she is inextricably drawn to Oliver, Tiffany's charismatic grandson.
As the summer shimmers on, and the competition between the artists grows fierce as they vie for a spot at Tiffany's New York gallery, a series of suspicious and disturbing occurrences suggest someone knows enough about Jenny's childhood trauma to expose her.
Supported by her closest friend Minx Deering, a seemingly carefree socialite yet dedicated sculptor, and Oliver, Jenny pushes her demons aside. Between stolen kisses and stolen jewels, the champagne flows and the jazz plays on until one moonless night when Jenny's past and present are thrown together in a desperate moment, that will threaten her

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.878601
Retrieved Text: Now that you’ve left the city behind and the ocean waits patiently in the distance, the bedroom's decoration is rustic, simple and pleasant.
hairdryer, air conditioning, TV and free parking.
Because the city was left behind and the sea waits patiently in the distance, the room decor is rustic, simple and pleasant.
Located at Monte da Beleza (Beauty Hill), 800m away from the main house, the Junior Suites are the ideal refuge, calling for rest and relaxation.
Because the city has lagged behind and the sea in the distance waiting patient, the room decor is simple and agreeable.
Because the city was left behind and the sea waits patiently in the distance, the room decor is simple and pleasant.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.820185
Retrieved Text: Let's Tuesday is thrilled to introduce this week's guest, Jenny Johnson. A photographer turned vegan restaurant owner, Jenny's passion for Rochester and baking seeps through in every way. We chatted about Misfit Doughnuts and Treats, Rochester, and the growth of veganism in today's society.
Vegan-friendly restaurants in Rochester: Misfit Doughnuts and Treats, The Red Fern, The Playhouse // Swillburger, Tap and Mallet, The Owl House, John's Tex Mex, and many more.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.768274
Retrieved Text: Bedroom of 21 m2 that is adapted for physically handicapped people. An extra bed can be placed. There are two windows that overlook the back part of the house and the garden.
The orange bedroom's bathroom is wide and it has been adapted for people in wheelchairs.
Fully equipped kitched: hob, oven, dishwasher, microwave, 2 fridges, wardrobes for guests, cutlery and kitchenware.
Communal room of 22 m2. Living-dining room with 2 tables, 2 benches and several chairs. 26 inch tv with TDT. There are several board games available for guests. It is directly connected to the garden.
The stairs are made with solid oak beams and the outside wall is made of stone.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.704302
Retrieved Text: The fourth principle of Love and Logic: Teach them to be responsible for the consequences of their actions.
Choice: "Jenny is coming over. I love having company over when the house is clean and tidy. That shows them they are special to us.Would you like to make your bed now or in 15 minutes?"
Child's Mistake: Half hour later and bed has not been made.
Empathy: "Oh that is so sad. You didn't have time to make your bed. I am so sorry. I just would be so happy if Jenny come over and see such a messy house. She might not know how special we think she is.
Consequence: I'll call Jenny's Mom and ask if she can come over another day.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.630285
Retrieved Text: At Jenny's ELC we understand the needs of our families and our children, and we are happy to help! As a trusted provider of Early Childhood Services, Jenny's ELC offers Long Day care programs for children ranging from 6 weeks to 6 years old, including recognised Preschool Programs at each Centre. Our four centres are located across the local area in Epsom, Maiden Gully, Strathfieldsaye and Bendigo Hospital.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.618769
Retrieved Text: Patrick is Dan's friend from the University of Illinois.
Ethan is a friend of the couple and Jenny's brother-in-law.
Erin is Jenny's friend from Kansas State University.
Jimmy is a friend of the couple.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.592566
Retrieved Text: Maximum Ridge Height : 24'10"
The steep-pitched roof, suggestive of an A-frame, triggers the rustic getaway mood of this vacation/recreation house. Double porches with pillars grace the exterior. Indoors, large windows and sidelights draw the natural light and amplify the view. The spatially rich layout encompasses two levels. A cathedral ceiling crowns the family room with fireplace and open dining area. The country-style kitchen includes the convenience of a raised eating bar. The master bedroom's amenities include an enormous walk-in closet and full bath. Upstairs, the secondary bedroom adjoins the mezzanine living area and full bathroom; the mezzanine offers an aerial view of the family room.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.583988
Retrieved Text: Prom is a big deal to any teenage girl. Perfect makeup, dress, shoes --- but what about flowers? Prom corsages must be perfect as well! Stop by JENNY'S FLOWER SHOPPE and let us help you create a something special. With a picture or description of the dress, we can create something that not only matches, it enhances the dress' beauty.
When it comes to prom, a guy can't go without a boutonniere to match his girl's corsage. The flower-on-the-coat-pocket is a tradition for classy men that stems back generations. Just because it's a tradition, doesn't mean your boutonniere doesn't have to be stylish. Choose from a wide range of styles, colors and flowers when choosing a boutonniere from JENNY'S FLOWER SHOPPE.
Take your prom style up a notch with a matching floral hairpiece to match your corsage. From classic roses, to funky feathers, let JENNY'S FLOWER SHOPPE create something specifically for you!
Need ideas for Prom Flowers? Take a look at these!!!!!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.525877
Retrieved Text: The house is just two minutes walk from local shops and amenities.
This student home is conveniently located within a few minutes walk to all local amenities. The bedrooms are all a good size and include double beds, wardrobes, desks and chairs. The seperate living room is a great size and comes furnished with sofas.
This property has been fully refurbished with all bedroom's having en-suites.
This property is ideally located for both Nottingham Trent and Nottingham University and is within close proximity to all local public transport.
This property is a great price - don't miss it!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.518091
Retrieved Text: The Best of Warren and Top 10 List. The top-rated place in Warren is Jenny's Diner in the Restaurants category. Other places on the best Warren list are Jenny's Diner, Lazy Mary's Pizzeria & Bakery, Girly's Grill, Karen Moore Cakes and Scottish Meadow Golf Club.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.464417
Retrieved Text: Send a Gift They'll Always Remember! Fresh Flowers Make Life Sweeter in So Many Ways. Order Flowers Online - Anytime, Day or Night - or Call JENNY'S FLOWER SHOPPE Today.
You deserve a springtime reward. JENNY'S FLOWER SHOPPE will design a glorious bouquet of spring flowers for your home. Bring in the spring sunshine with a vase of daffodils. Capture the fresh breeze of a spring day with a basket of flowers. Celebrate the simple pleasures of spring with blue iris, pink gerbera daisies or rosy tulips. Feel the day's delight with spring flower arrangements. Everywhere you turn in Girard, KS the revival of spring is felt. JENNY'S FLOWER SHOPPE has a charming collection of spring flowers waiting to brighten your day.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.398226
Retrieved Text: Since their mother died, fifteen-year-old Jenny Joslin and her little sister, Allie, have moved seven times with their father, who is trying to put the past behind them. Jenny finally feels at home when she sees their new house in the woods -- until a restless young man appears on teh back porch. Solemn, handsome, silent -- he can only be seen in the dark. He doesn't respond to Jenny's voice. And he will not leave until he gets what he came for. Now, it's up to Jenny to figure out who he is -- and why he is terrorizing the residents of Crescent Lane. They all seem so innocent. But are they?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.370129
Retrieved Text: As we all know, Jenny LOVES food! Whether she's cooking it, baking it or eating it, she's happy. She finally felt it was time to take her love for food to the next level, so she's taking a big step: opening her own restaurant!
Over the past few months, Jenny's been secretly designing her restaurant, with help, of course, from the rest of the Woozband. She's finally happy with the layout and design and she can't wait to open!
Before she opens, though, she needs to make sure she has a reliable staff! She's looking for chefs, cooks, managers, hosts/hostesses and waiters/waitresses.
Chefs should be creative, knowledgeable and reliable. If you want to be one of Jenny's chefs, you'll have to show her you know your way around a kitchen by designing one yourself! Make sure it's well-equipped, but easy to move around in.
Cooks should be creative, reliable and willing to learn new things. If you want to be one of Jenny's cooks, you'll need to show her you can really cook by submitting one of your own recipes to her. Make sure you're very specific and creative!
Managers should be organized, reliable and have great interpersonal skills. If you want to be one of Jenny's managers, you'll have to prove yourself by designing your own restaurant. Make sure it's easy-to-navigate, but pleasing to the eye of potential customers.
Hosts/hostesses should be friendly, organized and be quick-thinking. If you want to be one of Jenny's hosts, you need to prove that you can think on your feet! You'll have to complete

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.298807
Retrieved Text: Buy Waves 84-Inch Window Curtain Panel Pair in Beige from $39.99 at Bed Bath & Beyond. Add a fashionable flair to your bedroom's décor with the unique Waves 84\" Window Curtain Panel Pair. Adorned with a beautiful texture in a beige hue, the lustrous panel pair is the perfect way to bring sophisticated style to your guest or master bedroom.Add a fashionable flair to your bedroom's décor with the unique Waves 84" Window Curtain Panel Pair. Adorned with a beautiful texture in a beige hue, the lustrous panel pair is the perfect way to bring sophisticated style to your guest or master bedroom.
Bring a touch of the wild to any room with the stylish Sherry Kline True Safari Window Curtain Panels. These exotic panels feature a zebra pattern with solid colors and are made out of an elegant, faux silk.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.275871
Retrieved Text: Paisley has excellent transport links and is easily accessible by train, bus and car from locations across the West of Scotland.
The care home has a car park for visitors.
Royal Blind's sister charity, Scottish War Blinded, has an activity and support centre for blind and partially sighted veterans on the same grounds as Jenny's Well Care Home. Although the two buildings are separate, theyshare some communal grounds and there are opportunities to meet. Many people who will use the Scottish War Blinded Hawkhead Centre are National Service veterans and therefore of a similar age to the residents at Jenny's Well.

================



======= Instance Index 28 =========
Input Text: Given that B: You never see them on nationally basketball. A: You know, that's true. I don't think I've ever seen them nationally on basketball. Therefore, it must be true that "he has seen them nationally on basketball"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.258577
Retrieved Text: When Duke’s Zion Williamson injured his knee less than a minute into a game against North Carolina, the whole basketball world went crazy. We had seen Williamson do several unthinkable things, like hitting his head against a backboard while blocking a shot or completely denting a basketball. Now, we have seen him do something else impressive: his foot burst right through his shoe.
Immediately, people blamed college basketball. DeMarcus Cousins said that Williamson should sit out the rest of the year to avoid risking further injury and hurting his draft stock.
Cousins is right, to a degree. But playing at Duke has made Williamson millions of dollars.
The Blue Devils went 26-5 during the regular season. Of their 31 games, 28 were on an ESPN network. Williamson missed one non-ESPN contest, meaning that 24 of 26 games (a whopping 92 percent) were nationally televised on ESPN, ESPN2 or ESPNU.
Plenty of people didn’t know about Williamson before the season. Or maybe they had heard about him but hadn’t seen him play.
Well, the basketball world knows now. And it’s thanks to Duke being all over ESPN.
Even with his injury, Williamson is likely going to be the No. 1 overall pick. That’ll net him a four-year rookie contract worth about $33.7 million, per this year’s NBA rookie salary scale.
In fact, NBA rookies can earn up to 120 percent of that scale. Williamson could actually take home a little more than $40.4 million in his first four seasons – more than $10 million per year.
And really, with the salary cap set to increase

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.4382
Retrieved Text: When Duke's Zion Williamson injured his knee less than a minute into a game against North Carolina, the whole basketball world went crazy. We had seen Williamson do several unthinkable things, like hitting his head against a backboard while blocking a shot or completely denting a basketball. Now, we have seen him do something else impressive: his foot burst right through his shoe.
Plenty of people didn't know about Williamson before the season. Or maybe they had heard about him but hadn't seen him play.
Well, the basketball world knows now. And it's thanks to Duke being all over ESPN.
Even with his injury, Williamson is likely going to be the No. 1 overall pick. That'll net him a four-year rookie contract worth about $33.7 million, per this year's NBA rookie salary scale.
Sure, Williamson could have gone to the G-League and gotten some experience against NBA-capable players. But he'd only make $35,000 this season and probably wouldn't generate the hype he did at Duke. G-League players will start making $125,000 per year starting with the 2019-20 season, which makes the decision more interesting, especially for fringe NBA players.
But again, going overseas may have ended up hurting Williamson's prestige. Guys like Brandon Jennings and Emmanuel Mudiay did it, playing in Italy and China, respectively. Both players have had fairly productive NBA careers (Jennings last played in the NBA in 2018), but would they have gotten more exposure staying in college?
In Williamson's case, the answer is pretty clear. Having almost all of his games televised nationally has paid off in a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.956524
Retrieved Text: There have been a number of celebrities over the years, who have tried to become more than just being a star but actually make their name into a brand. The most successful athlete to ever do this would have to be Jordan 11 72-10, with the Air Jordan brand being huge on a global scale.
Michael Jordan Jordan 11 has become one of Forbes newest billionaires after her increased his ownership stake in his NBA franchise, the Charlotte Hornets to almost 90%. The financial figures make him now worth 1 billion dollars but for fans it provides hope that his team will soon be as successful on the court as he has become off the court.A better on-court product will bring Michael Jordan and his Charlotte Hornet players more into the spotlight both nationally and internationally and his recent statements about attracting another superstar player to pair with Al Jefferson suggest that he intends to put more time into making the Charlotte Hornets a winner.
Over the years we have seen a lot of very good basketball New Jordans 11 players coming and going, some of whom will go down as all time greats of the game but, with that said, it is fair to say that there has never been, and arguably never will be, anyone who comes close to the great Michael Jordan. The name Michael Jordan has become synonymous with basketball and is a name known around the entire world.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.382265
Retrieved Text: The National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC) has released its 2018-19 Men’s All-District Teams and Arkansas State senior guard Ty Cockfield is a NABC All-District 24 second team selection.
Selected and voted on by member coaches of the NABC in NCAA Division I, these student-athletes represent the finest basketball players across America. NABC District 24 consists of the Sun Belt Conference schools.
Cockfield, a second team All-Sun Belt Conference pick, led the league in scoring at 22.4 points per game while shooting 43.9 percent (237-540) from the field and 35.6 percent (69-194) from 3-point range. He has knocked down 82.0 percent (173-211) at the charity stripe while dishing out 103 assists and snagging 36 steals. He ranks 11th in the conference in field goal percentage and 12th assists per game while ranking second in free throw percentage.
A three-time SBC Player of the Week this season, Cockfield had a league best 22 games with 20 or more points scored, the seventh-most in all of NCAA Division I basketball. His 35 point outing against Louisiana on Senior Day gave him six games of 30 or more points, most in the Sun Belt Conference and seventh-most nationally. Cockfield is among just seven players nationally to average at least 22.0 points, 3.5 rebounds and 3.0 assists per game.
Cockfield finished with a single-season program record 716 points, most in the Sun Belt Conference and 18th-most nationally. His scoring total topped Adrian Banks (2006-07 | 695) for the single-season school record and is the fourth-most points scored by a Sun Belt Conference player since

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.35139
Retrieved Text: They had Jon Brockman, so they always had a chance. But even Brockman said he wondered sometimes about this season.
That was, of course, before the Snohomish High School boys basketball team started winning, before anybody gave the Panthers more than an outside shot of playing at the Tacoma Dome.
That was 28 games, five months and one state trophy ago, before Snohomish, unranked most of the season, rose from a 3-3 start to finish seventh in the Class 4A state tournament.
Brockman never was one to brag about his achievements. But his averages of 28 points and 12 rebounds this season spoke volumes. At 6 feet 8, 245 pounds, he dominated the high-school game, not just locally, but nationally, too, as a member of the AAU Friends of Hoop team last summer.
His talent earned him a scholarship to Washington, an invitation to the prestigious McDonald’s All-American Game, and today, recognition as The Seattle Times’ High School State Boys Basketball Player of the Year.
Born into a basketball family, Brockman dabbled in football (he played tight end in seventh and eighth grades) before concentrating his efforts on the court. He blossomed quickly, playing meaningful minutes as a freshman, then starting his final three years, the last two as a team captain.
Along the way, he earned a reputation for his relentless play. He dived for loose balls, battled for rebounds and sweat through his jersey before halftime.
Brockman said he learned his work ethic from his father, Gordy, a former player at Seattle Pacific University.
Nowhere was that blue-collar attitude more apparent than

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.194761
Retrieved Text: A total of 12 Southern New Hampshire University home games will be seen live on national TV on FOX College Sports. It is the fifth straight year SNHU has put together a television package, and the first that it has partnered with FOX College Sports. One women's and men's soccer match, six total basketball games and two softball and baseball tilts dot the schedule, with Bob Lipman, Jacob VanRyn and Ben Altsher working together on broadcasts.
FOX College Sports (FCS) is a set of three nationally distributed channels – FCS Pacific, FCS Central and FCS Atlantic. With over 1,100 NCAA and high school events per year, FCS leaves no rivalry left uncovered with programming from premier conferences such as the Big Ten, Pac-12, Big 12, and BIG EAST, including a variety of football, men's and women's basketball, baseball, softball, volleyball, lacrosse, ice hockey and more. FCS is home to exclusive BIG EAST and Big 12 men's basketball, plus an extensive lineup of collegiate coaches and magazine shows from around the country. FCS is seen by viewers in the nation's 25 largest markets, including New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, San Francisco, Dallas and Atlanta, Houston, Seattle, Minneapolis and Tampa. Key distribution partners include Charter Communications, Cox Communications, Verizon FiOS, Mediacom Communications, Altice and Cable One. FOX College Sports, where college never ends.
For the sixth straight season, Manchester's WGIR 610-AM is the radio home of Penmen basketball. A total of 25 men's and women's basketball games will be on the air. Bob Lipman and Jacob VanRyn will call

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.155552
Retrieved Text: The MLK holiday weekend has annually converged some of the nation’s top HS prospects in New York City for the Big Apple Invitational. This year’s showcase will feature one of the most star-studded line-ups in its 12-year history, as it welcomes the top ranked junior prospect in North America Thon Maker, among an array of other blue-chippers.
Big Apple Basketball (BAB) will host the 12th Annual Big Apple Basketball Invitational on Saturday, January 17 and Monday, January 19, 2015 at Baruch College in New York City. The invitational features 17 top high school and prep school teams from New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Maryland, Washington DC, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Ontario, Canada.
The invitational will feature New York City schools, St. Raymond, Benjamin Cardozo, Thurgood Marshall, Cardinal Hayes, and Abraham Lincoln; along with Orangeville Prep (Ontario, Canada), Gill St. Bernard’s (New Jersey), Long Island Lutheran (Long Island), Phelps (Pennsylvania), Saint James (Maryland), St. John’s College High School (Washington, DC), Seton Hall Prep (New Jersey), Genesis Academy (Virginia), South Kent (Connecticut), MacDuffie (Massachusetts), Life Center Academy (New Jersey) and Archbishop Stepinac (White Plains).
Notable players include Thon Maker (Orangeville Prep – rated #1 Junior in U.S. and Canada), Tyus Battle (Gill St. Bernard’s – Top 15 Junior Nationally), Jordan Tucker (Archbishop Stepinac – Top 20 Sophomore Nationally), Omari Spellman (MacDuffie – Top 25 Junior Nationally), Tremont Waters (South Kent – Top 30 Sophomore Nationally), Josh Hall (Genesis Academy – Top 60 Junior Nationally), Temple Gibbs (Seton Hall Prep – Top 60 Junior Nationally), Justin Robinson (Saint James – Virginia Tech),

########
Rank: 7
Score: 22.126562
Retrieved Text: By Brian Mozey on Apr 1, 2019 at 3:49 p.m.
After the semifinal game against Hopkins at the boys' basketball state tournament, sophomore Kendall Brown received a message from USA Basketball.
It was an invitation to compete in the 2019 3x3 National Championships as part of a USA Basketball Select Team. Brown said he was honored to have received an invite and couldn't wait to compete with some of the top basketball players in the country.
Brown will head to the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colo., on Friday, April 12, through Sunday, April 14.
The tournament will include 12 teams of four players with two of them being from USA Basketball. The teams will compete all weekend long, and the coaches will be evaluating everything from jump shots to free throws to steals and every other detail.
After the weekend is over, the coaching staff will select four players to be a part of the USA team in the World Cup 3x3 in Mongolia this June.
Brown tweeted about the invite on Monday, March 25, saying, "Grateful to have received and invite to participate in USA basketball 3x3."
Brown was one of the leaders on the court for the East Ridge boys basketball team during the 2018-19 season. He led the team with an average of 17.5 points per game, while adding a 90.9 free throw percentage.
The Raptors finished in fourth place in the first state tournament appearance in program history.
The 6-foot-7 sophomore is the No. 1 ranked player in the state of Minnesota for the class of 2021, according

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.021955
Retrieved Text: Rivals.com's Bob McClellan has picked Jerel McNeal as college basketball's "Top Stopper".
If your team was protecting a one-point lead with time running down and you could pick any player in college basketball, who would you choose to guard the opposition's top scoring option?
Simply put Jerel McNeal is the best defender in college basketball, and he prides himself on locking up people. He knows better than anyone that it's his ticket to the next level.
I spoke to him a couple of weeks ago for another story, and here's how he described himself.
"I've got a good frame for playing defense," McNeal said. "I'm not tall, but I have long arms and quick feet. Everything else is mental things - anticipation, thinking about plays that the offense will make before they make them. It's a combination of physical ability and getting inside my opponent's head."
McNeal was 10th nationally in steals and was the Big East Defensive Player of the Year (notice he didn't share the award with anybody). He also thinks on his feet.
"If a guy makes a move and gets by me, it won't happen twice," McNeal said. "I pick things up quickly in a game. The next time he tries it he's gonna have a problem."

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.914402
Retrieved Text: Crisp and Montana's Ahmaad Rorie are close friends who led Clover Park to a state title back in 2011.
David Crisp, who doesn’t mind salty back-and-forth banter with other guards around college basketball, said he will abstain from it Friday night.
It is because his cousin is within earshot.
Back in 2011, Crisp and Ahmaad Rorie used to be partners in crime, helping Clover Park High School as ninth graders win the Class 2A state boys basketball crown in Yakima.
Now, they will play against each other – with Crisp leading the Washington Huskies in their final non-conference game, and Rorie pacing visiting Big Sky Conference contender Montana.
After Crisp and Rorie won that state basketball title, they returned together as sophomores to make Clover Park the favorite to repeat.
But early in the 2012 playoffs, Crisp broke his right foot, leaving Rorie to lead the charge. The Warriors were upset by Lindbergh in the 2A quarterfinals.
That summer, Rorie announced he was transferring to Lincoln High School, which created some friction with former teammates, including Crisp, from Clover Park.
And during the following fall-league series, the two schools played each other in a game.
“It was packed,” Rorie said. “We won by one (point). It went down to the wire.
There were other times the two players thought they would face each other again – like when Rorie went out of state to Montverde Academy in Florida, and Crisp played at Rainier Beach when both programs were nationally-ranked in 2013-14. But Rorie returned to Washington beforehand.
The next year, Rorie went off to the University of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.733614
Retrieved Text: Michigan basketball will play Montana on Thursday in a NCAA tournament opening-round game in Des Moines.
DES MOINES, Iowa — Michigan's past two NCAA tournaments began with serious waves of momentum.
This time around, things are a bit different.
And yet it's important to keep perspective. The No. 2-seeded Wolverines are 28-6. They won 15 Big Ten games and played for a Big Ten regular-season title and tournament championship.
Same time, Michigan enters Thursday's game against No. 15 Montana looking to kick-start itself after another loss to Michigan State, in Sunday's conference tournament final.
Montana has played small ball for the better part of the last month as leading scorer and rebounder Jamar Akoh (6-foot-8, 253 pounds) has been sidelined with an injury. With that, Montana has started essentially a three-guard lineup with two wings.
Bobby Moorhead is 6-foot-7, but he weighs less than 200 pounds.
Offensively, it has worked out pretty well for Montana. The Grizzlies can shoot at every position. Ahmaad Rorie is a terrific scorer and one of the best mid-major guards in the country.
Defensively, though, switches could get interesting. If Montana plays Michigan straight up, Jon Teske vs. anyone significantly smaller than him becomes a mismatch. If Montana switches screens, something it has done in the past, the Wolverines have to keep their foot on the gas in the pick-and-roll game.
Small lineups can bother teams. But Michigan has the ability to play small itself with Isaiah Livers at the five spot.
If Akoh can't play, or is limited, Michigan has to hammer that situation.
Montana has some serious shooters. Sayeed Pridgett

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.48487
Retrieved Text: It was 50 years ago Saturday that the Houston Cougars hosted the UCLA Bruins in the so-called Game of the Century. The first major college basketball game played in a domed stadium before a packed crowd and televised on national television, the game saw the second-ranked Cougars bring down the No. 1-ranked Bruins in a thrilling game that delivered college basketball to the national consciousness while announcing that the Cougars were a now national presence.
Fifty years makes quite a difference. Nationally televised college basketball games are an everyday occurrence. National title games are routinely held in sold-out domed stadiums before millions of television viewers. And while UCLA is no longer the dominating powerhouse it once was, the Bruins are still a nationally relevant college basketball program that routinely makes the NCAA tournament.
The Houston Cougars hosted the seventh-ranked Wichita State Shockers Saturday afternoon before 5,708 fans crowded inside TSU’s H&PE Arena in a game played on ESPNU, one of the lesser ESPN stations. It’s somewhat of the comedown from hosting the game’s dominant program, in a packed domed stadium before a huge national TV audience, but such is the state of the Houston Cougars and college basketball in the city of Houston.
The Cougars pulled off the huge upset, defeating Wichita State 73-59 and improving Houston’s record to 15-4 (5-2 in conference play). Houston now has the same record as the Shockers, the new addition to the AAC, and the win puts the Cougars in a tie with Wichita State for second place in the conference. It was

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.460684
Retrieved Text: Allan King, Jr. enters his first season as the head coach of the Yellow Jackets women’s basketball program in 2018-19.
King has spent the last six seasons at Wilmington College where he served as an Assistant Women's Basketball Coach working primarily with the defense. He helped establish the Quaker defense as one of the best in the Ohio Athletic Conference ranking them among the elite in rebound margin, field goal defense, and three-point pressure.
While at Wilmington, King also assisted in recruitment and strength and conditioning training, as well as game day prep, operations and skill camps. He was part of the 2007 Wilmington team that finished the season ranked 10th nationally, claiming both the OAC regular season and tournament titles. Prior to his stint at Wilmington, King served as the Head Basketball Coach at Russia High School.
During his tenure with Russia, he led the team to its first district title in 12 years, first All-Ohio Player in more than 10 years, and to the Regional Semi-Finals.
King also served as a part-time coach in 2010 for the Capital Crusaders following a stop at University of Pittsburgh Bradford where he served as the Head Coach from 2007-2009.
Allan graduated from Bluffton University where he obtained a degree in Sport Management before attending the University of Heidelberg where he garnered a Master of Arts degree in Education. He is married to his wife, Maria, and the couple currently resides in Cincinnati with their five children, Lily (9), Trey (7), Si (5), Grace (3), and Hadley (1).

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.355404
Retrieved Text: SEATTLE, Feb 07, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) -- SEATTLE, Feb. 07, 2019 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- via OTC PR WIRE -- Baristas Coffee Company, Inc. (otcpk:BCCI) has extended its marketing to include running television commercials nationally in Prime Time on the NBA TV network (the official broadcast network of the National Basketball Association) over the next seven days beginning immediately.
The Baristas Coffee commercials feature international Supermodel Front Montgomery https://www.frontmontgomery.com/ or recording artist Megs McLean https://megsmclean.com/ and can be seen at www.trywhitecoffee.com.
Barry Henthorn, CEO, stated: "The NBA TV Network is the go-to place for all things NBA. We are pleased to have been able to include them as part of our TV advertising and look forward to a lasting relationship. I have great memories in Seattle watching the Sonics and Baristas is proud to be introducing our coffee to the NBA fans across the nation. We would love to be known as NBA fan's favorite Coffee Company from Seattle."
In addition to its Baristas White Coffee which can be purchased in single serve cups compatible with Keurig 2.0, Baristas also sells Baristas EnrichaRoast CBD Coffee. EnrichaRoast CBD uses a proprietary technology introducing CBD to the beans after they are roasted and can be seen at www.baristas.tv. Baristas recently confirmed that ads for its Baristas EnrichaRoast CBD coffee and its White Coffee featuring recording artist Megs McLean will be shown at the 2019 Grammys.
The media buys were made possible and were created via media frontrunner ReelTime Media (otcpk:RLTR) www.reeltime.com whose capabilities are redefining how companies are evaluating and purchasing

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.263443
Retrieved Text: The Slam City Team is one of the best in the nation. With winning experience across the team, Slam City can provide the tools and knowledge to get each player to the next level in their development on and off the court.
Coach Webb is the Founder and CEO of Slam City Management Group (SCMG). Coach Webb started playing basketball at a very young age and attended his first basketball camp at the age of 5. After playing for McNamara High School in Forestville, MD he went on to play college basketball at Virginia Union and Ferrum College. After college he was selected to play semi-professional basketball in China. His love for the game continued as he began coaching on the high school level at Riverdale Baptist School (Upper Marlboro, MD). Coach Webb then moved on to build two nationally recognized Prep programs: Coastal Christian Academy (Virginia Beach, VA) and Cornerstone Christian School (San Antonio, TX). As a coach he has won six Boy's and one Girl’s National Championship. During his career of coaching prep, he developed two teams each year and managed to obtain a record of 685-35. He was recognized as the 2007 NACA National Coach of the Year. Walt has also coached a number of boys and girls high school teams during his 23-year career; his high school record is 512-218.
Coach Webb has resurrected many young players careers, that without Coach Webb’s help and instruction their basketball careers would have come to an abrupt end. He has helped good players become great players and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.223621
Retrieved Text: Led by Founder and CEO Coach Webb, Slam City Summer and Spring Basketball Camps can help kids aged 5-17 how to increase their game by incorporating the skills they learn in practice into real game scenarios. Located at The nZone in Chantilly, VA, our camps ensure that kids receive personalized attention and training focused on their skills. Slam City Basketball Camps can help beginner-level players develop fundamental skills and already experienced players become great by honing their abilities.
Note: All campers are required to purchase a camp tee shirt as part of their camp uniform. Camp tee shirts are not included in the camp registration fee, and are $20. They can be ordered in the online store at slamcitymanagement.com and will be distributed the first day of camp. All campers are required to wear athletic shorts and basketball shoes in order to participate in Slam City Camp activities. Campers are not permitted to wear cargo shorts, jean shorts, or sandals.
A $25 fee will be charged for camp changes made after April 1, 2018. Slam City Camps are non-refundable.
Coach Webb is the Founder and CEO of Slam City Management Group (SCMG). He started playing basketball very young, attending his first basketball camp at 5 years old. After playing for McNamara High School in Forestville, MD, he went on to play college basketball at Virginia Union University and Ferrum College. After college, he played semi-professional basketball in China & furthered his love for the game when he coached high school ball at Riverdale Baptist School (Upper Marlboro, MD). He

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.176123
Retrieved Text: This week my blog will go about one of the player that I adore. Today my blog will go about Dino Radja. Like I’ve told in my previous blog I’m young guy and most of the guys that I’ll talk about I’ve seen when I was a little kid.
When I was little I followed European basketball more than I followed the NBA. But when Croatian players went to the NBA, I followed their careers over there. When I watched the NBA, I saw Dino Radja play for the Boston Celtics. That was the first moment that I actually saw him play and I fell in love with his game. I even stood up at night the watch him play.
Dino Radja was one of the best power forwards in the NBA and I had read about him and I knew that he was a one of the best European basketball players. I followed his career in the NBA but he didn’t get the recognition he deserved. When the Celtics traded him away I was shocked. I couldn’t believe that they traded away one of their best players, he was one of the best players on his position.
But when he returned to Europe and signed at Panathinaikos, I was glad that he returned to Europe. He would show the Celtics that they were wrong to let him go and he definitely proved them wrong. At Panathinaikos he was a star and he showed why he was one of the best players in Europe and in the world.
He played

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.99178
Retrieved Text: Two-sport star Jalen Suggs tops most college recruiters' lists of state juniors. But a burgeoning group of uncommitted peers have attracted a considerable share of Division I interest as well.
As college basketball recruiting heats up in Minnesota, this year’s junior class is deep and diverse, with nationally ranked future Division I players at every position.
Led by Jalen Suggs of Minnehaha Academy, one of the top-ranked junior prospects in the nation. they personify the surging emergence of talent in the state where as many as 15 players are seen as having Division I college careers.
Going back several years, “Minnesota high school basketball... had one or two guys here and there, but it just didn’t quite have the depth,” said Ryan James, national analyst for Prep Hoops. But today, with the growth of top-end play in the metro area, he said, Minnesota has become a hotbed for basketball talent.
“They say state of hockey, but I look at it like we’re just as big of a state of basketball too,” James said.
So far there is one junior — Drake Dobbs of Eden Prairie — who has committed to a Division I program at Liberty University. Most are not expected to decide until next summer and fall.
Here’s a snapshot of six top juniors in the metro, as they get into the heat of the recruitment process.
What makes him special: The third-ranked prospect in the state according to 247sports, Carlson has superior rebounding skills and ability to cover all positions on defense. At 6-9 and 205 pounds, he added strength in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.885384
Retrieved Text: Pima basketball sophomore forward Deion James is the NJCAA Division 2 basketball player of the year.
James, an Empire High School graduate, averaged 20.6 points, 9.6 rebounds, and 3.5 assists per game for the Aztecs. Pima won twenty two games this past season, the most wins for the program since 1990.
James already took home the Arizona Community College Athletic Conference Player of the Year award. He led the Aztecs to a perfect record in conference play. James finished in the top ten nationally in points scored and defensive rebounds.
According to Pima College, James is being recruited by several Division 1 programs, and is still undecided on where he will continue his basketball career.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.863317
Retrieved Text: Wood Street Walls in partnership with William Morris Local & Waltham Forest Flames are launching a competition for the community to help design London's first ever Art Courts at Lloyd Park.
The "Creative Courts" project aims to help promote Basketball in London and beyond, which has seen funding cut nationally despite it being more popular than Tennis, Cricket and Golf between 15-24 year olds.
Visitors to the Garden Party will be invited to draw their design on workbooks, t-shirts, as well as stencils created by Walthamstow design agency Bold & Bold, to overlay on any surface and promote on social media. There will also be a giant basketball blackboard, inspired by Candy Chang's amazing "Before I die..." project. The blackboard designs will be wiped away every hour, not before they are photographed and documented, for new designs to be painted with giant chalk pens.
For people unable to attend, you can download the Creative Courts workbook at www.creativecourts.co.uk or share your designs by tweeting or posting your designs tagging @creativecourts on social media.
Winning designs will be selected by Waltham Forest Flames, Friends of Lloyd Park, WM Big Local, Wood Street Walls, Ward Councillors and Bold & Bold.
To take part, visit the Basketball Courts at Lloyd Park during the Walthamstow Garden Party to grab your workbooks or paint on our giant court.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.855433
Retrieved Text: The Pacific University men’s basketball team finished the 2016-17 season with a 12-12 overall record and a 6-10 record in conference play.
The Boxers had a season filled with highs and lows, with big wins over nationally ranked opponents and tough losses that were decided by one or two points.
For most of the players and the program as a whole, the biggest highlight this season came from a win in Spokane, Wash. over the then number five nationally ranked Whitworth University Pirates.
The win snapped a 16 game series losing streak against the Pirates and marked the first time since 2004 since the Boxers came out of Spokane with a win.
Holly earned the starting point guard spot early on in the season and quickly had to adjust to a new team. Although they had some great wins this season, Holly acknowledged how tough some of their losses were.
One player who made Holly’s adjustment a little bit easier was junior All-Northwest Conference honorable mention J.B. Ewell.
Ewell averaged a team best 12.8 points and 6.1 rebounds per game for the Boxers. Ewell is excited about the potential the Boxers have for the upcoming years.
As Holly’s collegiate basketball career has just begun, for some of his Boxer teammates, their basketball careers are coming to an end.
One of these players is senior guard Michael Joseph who was the unquestioned leaders for the Boxers and one of the Northwest Conference’s top defenders. Joseph also noted that he faced many struggles this season but also had some unforgettable moments.
With big wins and tough loses

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.842909
Retrieved Text: Tyler’s passion for all sports has been evident since a young age. During school he would play any sport he could just to be active. Once he entered his teens he started to take sport seriously and played under 15’s cricket with his local team and eventually went on to play division 2 men’s cricket. During school he captained the school basketball team for 4 years and went on to county standard try-outs, making it to the second round of try-outs for Kent’s senior Basketball Team. Since then he has developed a passion for weightlifting and is currently working towards a top 10 national ranking as a 105kg lifter.
Tyler has always had a passion for coaching and leadership roles so naturally he would gravitate towards a career in personal training and coaching. Although he is still at the start of his career he has a lot to offer and wants to help others achieve their goals as he has with his.
From the beginning of his coaching career he has been fortunate enough to work under Charlie Large who has opened up doors to coaching nationally ranked youth weightlifters and allowed him to take the reins with athletes at British Championships and also within the club. This has given him valuable experience he will take forward with him to coach his athletes in the very near future.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.83176
Retrieved Text: In two decades, five Division I players have been named first-team All-Americans for academics, athletics in the same year. Three were from Gonzaga.
UPDATED: Fri., May 25, 2018, 3:34 p.m.
Like his student-athletes, Mike Roth enjoys hitting the books.
Gonzaga’s athletic director couldn’t be more proud of the men’s basketball team’s achievements on the court, but he cared enough to find another record-breaking statistic: During the last 20 years, only five Division I players were named first-team All-Americans on the court and in the classroom during the same academic year.
“That’s just amazing,” Roth said Thursday as he ticked off the names: Dan Dickau in 2002, Kelly Olynyk in 2013 and Nigel Williams-Goss in 2017.
Remarkably, Olynyk pulled off the feat while leading a team that was ranked No. 1 on the court. Williams-Goss did it while taking the Zags to the national title game, and his 3.84 grade-point average was the highest of any player in last year’s Final Four.
Though not among the nine GU programs to post a perfect 1,000 APR, the GU men still made the top 25 nationally with a score of 995 that easily topped the West Coast Conference.
“That may be the reality at some places, but not here,” said Roth, who noted that in 19 years as head coach, Mark Few has seen all but one player graduate.
The Zags already have a leg up for next year, as returnees Josh Perkins and Jeremy Jones already have graduated.
At the same time, Roth isn’t complacent. The new Volkar Center for Athletic Achievement devotes 15,000 square feet –

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.7641
Retrieved Text: I would never have guessed this. Not in a million years.
A school more known for their football than anything else — Auburn — now has the number one 2017 recruiting class in the NATION.
This ranking came to fruition in July, but head coach Bruce Pearl is piling up the talent with the commitment of four-star 2017 small forward Chuma Okeke on Sunday.
Okeke’s stock has been rising this spring/summer as he has received offers from major schools like Clemson, Georgia, Georgia Tech, Wake Forest and Florida State. The 6’8″, 221 pound forward is ranked 57th in ESPN’s top 100 and he is the 9th ranked player in the state of Georgia.
The Atlanta native is long and athletic, and possesses the scoring instincts to be an eventual starter on the wing for the Tigers. Okeke is impressive in transition, as he slashes and scores in the mid-range.
While Okeke is still working defensively, his main weaknesses include his lack of strength and his non-consistent three point shot.
With solid physical tools, Okeke can eventually mold into a reliable rebounder and a player who can guard multiple positions on the defensive end.
Okeke will be a key piece to the 2017 recruiting class, but the Tigers also have commitments from five-star big Austin Wiley and one of the top point guards in the class in Davion Mitchell.
Wiley, who is ranked 19th in ESPN’s top 100, is a big physical paint presence who can score around the rim, block shots on defense, and rebound on both ends of the floor. He has good

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.701668
Retrieved Text: BASKETBALL SPOTLIGHT NEWS: Basketball Spotlight Feature: Balsa Koprivica Brings Size To Future Phenom Camp!
Basketball Spotlight Feature: Balsa Koprivica Brings Size To Future Phenom Camp!
The Basketball Spotlight Future Phenom Camp just got a lot bigger – try 6’10 bigger. Just announced is the attendance of nationally known Balsa Koprivica - at 6’10, 235lbs Balsa is far from your traditional back to the basket post player. Balsa runs the floor exceptionally well for his size and his large soft hands catch anything thrown in his direction. His ability to handle the rock on the perimeter combined with his soft shooting touch clearly indicates that he will be able to step out and easily play away from the basket as a face up four or even a wing at the next level. Already displaying a solid stroke with 3-point range he operates equally as well of the catch and off the bounce.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.684717
Retrieved Text: Davenport is currently the men’s head basketball coach for Bellarmine University. Since his arrival at Bellarmine University in 2005, attendance at games has increased an amazing 50%. In addition, Davenport took Bellarmine to the school’s first NCAA Division II National Championship in 2011!
Before leading the men’s team at Bellarmine University, Davenport was an assistant coach at the University of Louisville. During his nine seasons there, he worked under some very influential coaches, such as Denny Crum and Rick Pitino.
Davenport was selected as one of twelve coaches nationally to coach the Nike All-American Camp, has served as assistant director of Cardinal summer basketball camps for 25 years, and spent time teaching learning-disabled students.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.67375
Retrieved Text: Every young basketballer dreams of playing in the NBA one day but unfortunately only few make it to the top. Young prodigy Gabriel Nnnadi,13, believes he has what it takes to reach the summit of the game.
Unlike most basketballers, Gabriel started playing when he was already ten years-old and soon he was introduced to his first basketball team, Winchester Royals, via his mum’s work colleague and since then Gabe has remained committed to the sport and even gone on to play nationally at various tournaments in the country. Practice makes perfect, and that certainly applies to Gabe, who trains for a sapping 9 hours a week, including an hour every morning before the school bell.
When asked on who inspired him into basketball, Gabe said ‘Michael Jordan – because he worked so hard to get where he is’.
Perhaps one of the biggest factors in sport is controlling your nerves before important matches but unlike most people, Gabe is confident with himself and says ‘ I think to myself that I can be better than anyone else on the pitch, if I believe I can be’.
Sacrifices play a huge part when it comes to sports and parents are always in the heart of the action when it comes to driving and taking their child to tournaments. Gabe says ‘I give up my precious time with friends and social life and I wake up so early (even when I’m tired) to get to school early and play basketball. My parents literally drive me everywhere, they even flew me to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.661963
Retrieved Text: Center Isaiah Stewart, a 5-star top-10 player in the class of 2019, announced he will attend Washington this fall, turning down Michigan State.
Another 5-star big man bypassed Michigan State basketball.
Isaiah Stewart chose Washington over the Spartans, Duke, Kentucky and Syracuse in an announcement made Sunday night on ESPN.
The 6-foot-9, 245-pound center is the second top-10 recruit to have MSU in his final schools but turning down the offer. Vernon Carey Jr., a 6-10 center ranked No. 4 nationally by 247Sports, chose Duke over the Spartans and North Carolina on Dec. 6.
Stewart – a Rochester, New York, native who is rated the No. 6 overall recruit nationally by 247Sports.com – plays at LaPorte (Ind.) La Lumiere School, the same school from which Izzo landed Jaren Jackson Jr. Jackson’s father, Jaren Sr., is an assistant coach there.
MSU has one player who signed during the 2019 early signing period in swingman Malik Hall from Sunrise Christian Academy in Kansas (via Aurora, Illinois), ranked the 53rd-best player and a 4-star recruit by 247Sports. Izzo also has a commitment from Detroit native Mark (Rocket) Watts from SPIRE Academy in Ohio, who did not sign his letter of intent during the early period. The 6-2 combo guard, also a 4-star prospect, is rated the 32nd-best player in the 2019 class.
Izzo has said MSU has two open spots available for sure this fall, but Izzo has said “you never know after that” with potential NBA departures and transfers.
La Lumiere, 20-0 and ranked No. 1 nationally in the USA Today Super 25 boys high

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.597012
Retrieved Text: LeBron James speaks to a crowd at the grand opening of his 'I Promise' School in Akron, Ohio. The school is meant to give formerly unprecedented resources and opportunity to children in the area where James grew up.
Today, athletes are put on the biggest stage, under the biggest microscope and scrutinized whenever they make the most simple mistakes. The spotlight is not meant for everyone. Some crumble under the pressure, but others are able to use this opportunity and thrive in the eyes of the public.
African Americans, in particular, have historically never had an equal chance to speak out to the American public, but through sports, many of these athletes have been given an opportunity to address the country on a large scale, drawing both praise and controversy in their path.
African-American athletes given the ability to speak up on a large stage is nothing short of amazing. It is an opportunity that not many people, let alone African Americans have been able to get in the past. Athletes are seen as role models, and their games, often nationally-televised events, attract millions of viewers every year.
They have been given a level of responsibility and influence that only a few people hold. And though it is true that some of them may take it for granted, a select few have used their status as celebrities to get their views across to the public.
“Shut up and dribble” were the words Fox News anchor Laura Ingraham said of Lebron James when, in February of 2018, he criticized President Trump. James,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.579693
Retrieved Text: The commissioner of the NBA, Adam Silver has expressed his concern with the way teams rest prime starters in big games. Silver sent a memo to the NBA’s board of governors in which he described the rest issue as extremely significant. He also encouraged the owners of the teams to become more involved with the teams and the decision making as a whole.
Silver initiated a request for the matter to be discussed with the owners at next month’s league meetings. The matter was brought to the fore after back-to-back nationally televised games were significantly diluted due to teams resting star players. In the memo, Silver stated that decisions in the NBA can directly affect the fans and impact the reputation and perception of the game.
The memo goes on to say that with everything at stake, it is unacceptable for governors not to be involved in the decisions of their organisations. Over the past few months, the rest issue has cropped up, becoming a key talking point when teams like Cleveland and Golden State elect to rest their star players in nationally televised games.
It is a common complaint that fans have paid a premium price to see the NBA stars play, but when they arrive at the game, they find that these players have been given the night off. It is also becoming an issue with the networks who pay upwards of $US24 billion to the NBA for television contracts.
Silver was quick to point out that under NBA league rules, the teams are required to provide notice

================



======= Instance Index 43 =========
Input Text: Given that But there was little chance of discovering who had killed him without help. Kelly decided that she had to talk to Annie, even if there was a risk that she would tell her husband. Bill would have a fit if he knew his apprentice was turning supersleuth. Therefore, it must be true that "Bill's apprentice was turning supersleuth"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.486546
Retrieved Text: SuperSleuth Zip is a high performance cost effective solution to video surveillance with remote monitoring. The standard system accepts 16 color or monochrome camera inputs. Alarm triggers can be activated by video motion detection or external inputs with local storage of over 20 alarm images. Alarms are transmitted to a SuperSleuth Receiver via a communication link (eg RS232 or PSTN) with time, date and camera ID. "Quasi" live images may be selected by the monitoring receiver. The SuperSleuth Receiver is a standard Personal Computer (Pentium 300MMX or better) running under Windows 9x or NT with SuperSleuth software.
16 Video Inputs, 8 trigger inputs, 8 relay outputs.
Video motion detection (zoned) on two cameras.
Built-in programmable switcher - for video output.
Real time clock built in. Year 2000 compliant.
Watch dog timer prevents lock-up.
Inputs and outputs controlled by alarms or user.
Video compression for rapid image updates at the receiver.
Battery-backup in case of power failure.
Battery connection for 1 camera and modem.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.824472
Retrieved Text: The benefits offered by intranets and corporate portals are as varied and wide-ranging as the organizations investing in and deploying them.
Oracle, IBM and Cisco all measure the impact and benefits of their intranet. And all of them have measured the value to be greater than US$1 billion. In fact, IBM has realized benefits from e-learning via the intranet to alone be more than US$284 million.
Sodexho USA: SodexhoNet: One of SodexhoNet’s more innovative and successful tools is its SuperSleuth sales lead program. SuperSleuth is an intranet web page and application that encourages employees to submit sales leads and prospective clients via the intranet. The SuperSleuth intranet page generate cash rewards of up to $1000 for the person making the submission. Sodexho says it has contributed to a 100% increase in sales leads in the past year. Let me repeat: a 100% increase in company sales leads. In fact, the SuperSleuth tool has led to US$90 million dollars in managed volume (net client sales including sales by client). Proof positive of a killer application.
Financial service client (700 employees): All total this client measured savings from only 12 measurable benefits at a 2-year value of more than $1.5 million. Their investment in the intranet was less than $200,000. Therefore the 2-year ROI was more than 700%.
The bottom line: the intranet needs to prove its value before more money is spent. However, a business case is more than just dollars, cents and return on investment (ROI).
Building a business case involves taking stock of the current state, defining an ultimate business

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.144825
Retrieved Text: SERC held its fourth annual inter-campus engineering skills competition at the Lisburn Campus recently.
Apprentices from across the College tested their skills against each other in a day-long test to manufacture components using industry-based skills in milling, turning, fabrication and welding. Marks were awarded by a team of SERC tutors for accurate measurements, overall quality of work produced, and ability to work within the timeframes, efficient use of resources and health and safety.
Apprentices, David Morgan (Dunmurry) and John Lavelle (Belfast) were celebrating when they beat off stiff competition from fellow students to claim the welding and fabrication categories respectively. While George Stewart (Carrickfergus) and Kyle Mackie (Newtownards) took the top spot in the milling and turning categories.
SERC Engineering Apprentice George Stewart from Carrickfergus took home first prize in the Milling category at SERC’s Inter-Campus Engineering Skills Competition.
SERC Engineering Apprentice Nathan McCourt from Libsurn took home second prize in the Milling category at SERC’s Inter-Campus Engineering Skills Competition.
SERC Engineering Apprentice Kyle Mackie from Newtownards took home first prize in the Turning category at SERC’s Inter-Campus Engineering Skills Competition.
SERC Engineering Apprentice Adam Uprichard from Belfast took home second prize in the Turning category at SERC’s Inter-Campus Engineering Skills Competition.
SERC Engineering Apprentice John Lavelle from Belfast took home first prize in the Fabrication category at SERC’s Inter-Campus Engineering Skills Competition.
SERC Engineering Apprentice Declan Fitzpatrick from Kilkeel took home second prize in the Fabrication category at SERC’s Inter-Campus Engineering Skills Competition.
SERC Engineering Apprentice Ryan Clendenning from Downpatrick took home third prize in the Fabrication category at SERC’s Inter-Campus Engineering Skills Competition.
SERC

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.817682
Retrieved Text: The technicians at Bill's Auto have years of experience working on standard 4-wheel drive (4x4) vehicles as well as all-wheel drive (AWD) vehicles. AWD is a full-time 4-wheel-drive system (all four wheels receive torque from the engine simultaneously) that employs a center differential that allows each tire to rotate at different speeds.
A transfer case is a part of a four wheel drive system found in four wheel drive and all wheel drive vehicles. The transfer case receives power from the transmission and sends it to both the front and rear axles. This can be done with a set of gears, but the majority of transfer cases manufactured today are chain driven. The transfer case is connected to the transmission and also to the front and rear axles by means of drive shafts. Trust the automotive experts at Bill's Auto for all your transmission repairs.
Transmission repair is not something to take lightly. The transmission is connected to key parts of your vehicle and needs to be working properly for your safety. Transmission services include replacing filters and draining fluids to prevent transmission damage. Typical transmission issues that may lead to repair may include shifting issues, slipping, stalling, fluid leaking, and the service light turning on. If you are concerned that you may need transmission repair, don't hesitate to schedule an appointment at Bill's Auto today.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.752535
Retrieved Text: Rely on Bill's Fast Lube & Smog in Delano, CA 93215 to provide quality care for your vehicle's undercarriage. Stop by our shop to see how we can help you or call 661-725-8232 for more information.
Wheel alignment (or simply alignment) is standard car maintenance that involves adjusting the angles of the wheels so that they are set to the manufacturer's specifications. The main purpose is to let the suspension and the steering systems operate at their desired angles - this reduces tire wear. Alignment is a complicated process and not all mechanics get it right. To have experts handle your car's alignment, visit Bill's Fast Lube & Smog.
Anti-lock brakes prevent wheel lock-up when rapidly decelerating by automatically modulating the brake pressure during an emergency stop. With this system, the wheels are able to maintain traction with the road while braking. Failure of the anti-lock brakes could lead to an increase in the risks of multiple vehicle crashes and run-off road crashes. To avoid this, have your anti-lock brake system checked and repaired by experts. At Bill's Fast Lube & Smog, we have anti-lock brake experts who will examine and repair your faulty ABS - keeping you safe.
A brake is a mechanical device for slowing or stopping a vehicle (usually by means of friction). In short, a brake inhibits your car's motion. It lets you stop the car whenever and wherever you choose. Brakes are one of the most important parts of a motor vehicle. Without them, you would not be able to stop the car. If

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.5486
Retrieved Text: It's our 13th season, and all season long we've been turning the number 13 into a lucky one with our "Lucky 13" series.
"We wanted to highlight 13 really remarkable people, to show how that number can be very lucky for all of us," Rachael says. "These are 13 people that have made the world better in big and small ways."
We may only have a few deserving recipients left, but there is no shortage of amazing surprises still in store.
Kathy nominated Bill, her husband of 30 years — and it's easy to see why. Bill was a state trooper for over 20 years, and while he was working, he became involved with a ski race that benefited Make-A-Wish foundation. Oh, and he's also a huge fan of Rachael's.
"Bill helped raise over $250,000 [for Make-A-Wish]," Kathy says. Wow!
When Bill's doctor told him that he had stage 4 colon cancer that had spread to his liver, the many friends Bill had made through his association with Make-A-Wish were there to support him during his own battle.
It was a difficult time for the family, but now, he's been cancer-free for four years, Kathy says.
Bill's 60th birthday was last year, but he and Kathy chose to celebrate their daughter's high school graduation instead. So, with his 61st birthday approaching, Kathy thought he was overdue for a celebration.
"Bill has spent so much time working for Make-A-Wish and helping others, that I think it's time that we came and celebrated Bill," Kathy says. "It's his time."
RELATED: Wife Can't Stop Crying When Hubby Gets

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.46824
Retrieved Text: Carpentry apprentices from across New Zealand are being called to show off their skills and compete for the coveted title of Registered Master Builders CARTERS 2018 Apprentice of the Year.
The competition comes at a crucial time as New Zealand’s building boom continues. With the carpentry workforce expected to grow by more than 17,000 workers by 2020 (21%), there has never been a better time to build a career in the trades.
Registered Master Builders Chief Executive David Kelly says Apprentice of the Year supports the industry by showcasing the skills of its future leaders.
Olivia Ward says that the tide is turning in trades - with more female builders, electricians and plumbers taking up apprenticeships.
Working in construction was something Olivia Ward had never really planned for, but the young Blenheim builder is rapidly making a name for herself in the traditionally male-dominated industry.
And see photos from the practical competition here.
Right now there's around 11,000 apprentices in training - the majority carpenters.
Carpentry apprentices are on the rise, but there's concern for a lack of work once they've completed their training. Registered Master Builder CE David Kelly hopes the NZ's Apprentice of the Year competition will encouraging more employers to take them on.
A Napier carpenter has his sights set on taking home the national title at this year's Registered Master Builders Carters 2017 Apprentice of the Year. Jack Clifford will be among 10 young carpenters competing for the top award in Auckland later this week.
Who will be the Registered master builders CARTERS Apprentice of the year?
...carpentry apprentice Josh Atkins (25)

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.054684
Retrieved Text: "Speedy" Bill during his racing days in the late 1940's.
Speedway Motors counter in the 1950's.
Bill Smith beside his #4 Sedan in 1952.
Lloyd Beckman in the 4x at Midwest Speedway in 1982.
The Museum of American Speed in Lincoln, Nebraska, is a non-profit corporation founded in 1992 by "Speedy" Bill and Joyce Smith. The original museum was in a smaller building on Van Dorn street in Lincoln. The museum moved to its current location on the Speedway Motor's campus in 2001. This 150,000 sq. ft. museum was formed to present a continuous chronology of automotive Racing Engine and Speed Equipment development and to preserve, interpret, and display items significant in racing and automotive history. The collection results from the Smiths' personal involvement in racing and hot rodding, and their lifelong passion for collecting and preserving racing and automotive history.
Bill and Joyce had first hand knowledge of racing and performance history as they actively raced and sold speed and power equipment for over 60 years. Bill's six decades of experience began in the 1940's when he raced roaring roadsters on half mile county fair tracks. In the 50's and 60's he raced dragsters, stock cars, NASCAR, modifieds and sprint cars.
The 1970's was a memorable decade for Bill as he raced Champ dirt cars and sprint cars with drivers known as the original "Outlaw" racers. They won races from coast to coast including the Sprint Car Nationals and the Hulman Classic. Bill's winning ways continued during the 1980's and 90's when he raced AIS Indy cars, Pikes Peak cars and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.044552
Retrieved Text: Right in the middle of the town, Bill's St Albans has a real Bill's vibe. Previously a bar, we completely refurbished the building, exposing brickwork and other long lost features along the way, to create a warm and characterful restaurant. Open all day, for breakfast, morning coffee, lunch, afternoon tea and dinner, it's a great oasis, whether you need somewhere to catch up on some work, meet up with friends and family or hold a birthday celebration. With plenty of booths and nooks and crannies, you'll always find a space to make your own. Bill Collison, founder of Bill's, opened the first Bill's in Lewes, East Sussex, in 2001. Built on the same site where Bill had been running a successful greengrocery for several years, Bill's Café & Produce Store, as it was then known, was an instant success. The aim was to make a place that was colourful and exuberant, with dishes that were really tasty and also made you smile, that put every day and unusual seasonal ingredients together and gave everyone lots of ideas to take home with them. The team at Bill's baked, cooked and served deliciously different food, hung skeins of raffia from the ceiling, stacked towers of produce for people to buy and hired lively, enthusiastic staff to look after their customers. They wanted Bill's to be somewhere that really celebrated food and was welcoming to everyone, a place that felt like the next best thing to home. Breakfast at Bills is a great way to start your day; from

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.959034
Retrieved Text: Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch will swap 221B Baker Street for Buckingham Palace as he is honoured by the Queen.
The 39-year-old stage and screen actor is to be invested with the CBE he was awarded in June's birthday honours.
Cumberbatch, who recently finished a run playing the title role in Hamlet at London's Barbican Theatre, was awarded the honour for services to the performing arts and to charity.
As well as playing Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's supersleuth Sherlock Holmes in the BBC's popular adaptation, Cumberbatch was also acclaimed this year for portraying Alan Turing in The Imitation Game.
It was a role that saw him nominated for the best actor Oscar, only to lose out to fellow Briton Eddie Redmayne, who won the Academy Award for his performance as Stephen Hawking in The Theory Of Everything.
Also receiving an honour is former Liberal Democrat minister Simon Hughes, who is knighted. The MP for Bermondsey and Old Southwark for 32 years, he lost the seat to Labour at the general election in May.
Henry Angest, a Tory donor and friend of David Cameron, also receives a knighthood for political services.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.84459
Retrieved Text: This course will acquaint the apprentice with the terminology, methods, and operations for turning machines used in the metal-working industry. Apprentices will learn to perform calculations needed to operate turning machines including speed and feed calculations. Apprentices will make calculations necessary to setup a turning machine for screw threads and taper operations.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.830578
Retrieved Text: The Geometric Trading Course – Apprentice Level II builds on the core trading methodology and geometry learned in Levels O & I. Learning to make trading decisions on their own, the Apprentice achieves the goal of trading independently. The Apprentice is introduced to the hidden Geometric structures of the world’s capital markets and the incredible forecasting power of Beck’s Emblem. Whether its compass, square, pencil and paper or the latest computer technology, the Apprentice student is empowered to predict market turning points in advance with market geometry unseen by the trading public. Each session is recorded in high definition video and is available to our students on demand.
Instructor: Ross L. Beck, FCSI Author of The Gartley Trading Method: New Techniques to Profit From the Market’s Most Powerful Formation published by Wiley Trading.
Format: 12 Video lessons recorded in 1080P.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.635414
Retrieved Text: The photo of Ruth Todd saying goodbye to Will, her husband of 71 years, has been a popular social media image.
I visited with my grandmother this afternoon and was reading her some of the wonderful comments that were being said. She was overjoyed, though she really doesn't understand "all that internet stuff"!
Ruth passed away in April of this year, three and a half years after her husband was buried.
William Thomas Todd joined the Marine Corps 10 days after Pearl Harbor was attacked. Turning down a football scholarship to Drake University, he served in the South Pacific for 3 years and was awarded the Purple Heart after being wounded in the battle of Iwo Jima.
Bill was 91 when he passed away in October of 2013. Ruth T. Todd was also 91 when she passed away in April of 2017.
Ruth and Bill were married for 70 years and they had 15 children. They are survived by 10 children, 49 grandchildren, and 40 great grandchildren.
There is a video of Bill's 90th birthday, celebrated in 2011.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.58772
Retrieved Text: Located in Liverpool ONE, Bill's Liverpool restaurant is just the place to take time out from shopping and recharge your batteries. Open all day, you can sit quietly with a coffee, meet up with friends for lunch or visit in the evening when the candles are twinkling. Bill Collison, founder of Bill's, opened the first Bill's in Lewes, East Sussex, in 2001. Built on the same site where Bill had been running a successful greengrocery for several years, Bill's Café & Produce Store, as it was then known, was an instant success. The aim was to make a place that was colourful and exuberant, with dishes that were really tasty and also made you smile, that put every day and unusual seasonal ingredients together and gave everyone lots of ideas to take home with them. The team at Bill's baked, cooked and served deliciously different food, hung skeins of raffia from the ceiling, stacked towers of produce for people to buy and hired lively, enthusiastic staff to look after their customers. They wanted Bill's to be somewhere that really celebrated food and was welcoming to everyone, a place that felt like the next best thing to home. Breakfast at Bills is a great way to start your day; from a humble bacon or sausage sandwich to a bells-and-whistles super classic great British breakfast. Weekends are a different story, time to kick back and turn breakfast into brunch, complete with newspapers, freshly squeezed orange juice and plenty of tea or coffee. Bill's Reigate is part of a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.504408
Retrieved Text: Just off Upper Street, pretty much opposite Angel tube, Bill's Islington has a really welcoming feel from the moment you step through the door. Formerly an office, we started with a blank canvas and transformed the interior to create a real Bill's vibe. With plenty of seating inside, there's also a little yard and seating along the front of the restaurant for warmer days. During the summer, we open the concertina doors along the front for that inside/outside feel. A popular restaurant, it has a great buzz during the day and a more intimate feel at night. Bill Collison, founder of Bill's, opened the first Bill's in Lewes, East Sussex, in 2001. Built on the same site where Bill had been running a successful greengrocery for several years, Bill's Café & Produce Store, as it was then known, was an instant success. The aim was to make a place that was colourful and exuberant, with dishes that were really tasty and also made you smile, that put every day and unusual seasonal ingredients together and gave everyone lots of ideas to take home with them. The team at Bill's baked, cooked and served deliciously different food, hung skeins of raffia from the ceiling, stacked towers of produce for people to buy and hired lively, enthusiastic staff to look after their customers. They wanted Bill's to be somewhere that really celebrated food and was welcoming to everyone, a place that felt like the next best thing to home. Breakfast at Bills is a great way to start

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.410316
Retrieved Text: Bill's Mattress Reviews LLC ("Bill's Mattress Reviews ") operates billsmattressreviews.com and may operate other websites. It is Bill's Mattress Reviews's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Like most website operators, Bill's Mattress Reviews collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Bill's Mattress Reviews's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Bill's Mattress Reviews's visitors use its website. From time to time, Bill's Mattress Reviews may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Bill's Mattress Reviews also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on billsmattressreviews.com blogs/sites. Bill's Mattress Reviews only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Certain visitors to Bill's Mattress Reviews's websites choose to interact with Bill's Mattress Reviews in ways that require Bill's Mattress Reviews to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Bill's Mattress Reviews gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at billsmattressreviews.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.368607
Retrieved Text: A doctor said to him "stop drinkin' and you won't have seizures" . A doctor said to him "stop drinkin' and you'll have seizures ". He had a seizure and cops took him in . He spent a few hours in a detox ward and was then delivered to a judge who told him that he should take his medicine so that he wouldn't have seizures . The judge also removed 12 warrants and turned him lose . Monday night he was back on avenue A having some beers. .
We're a little late with this post . Recently in conversations with Police Dept. officials it was confirmed that a young man, 18 or so years of age , took a round in his arm pit Friday night on 12th street near avenue C . These same officials noted that 2 rounds were discharged . No word was given regarding the condition of the victim nor whether anyone was taken into custody and charged with shooting the young man .
This shooting , according to officials , occurred near the Social Security Administration office on 12th street . Just on the other side the Campos Plaza building on the opposite side of 12th street , through a breezeway , in the Campos commons area stands a temporary guard tower . This guard tower , now with its view partially obscured by tree leaves , was placed in the commons area of Campos Plaza to deter gang activities and other criminal action.
Sunday night we were leaning on a car

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.212824
Retrieved Text: Childline founder Esther Rantzen got the chance to celebrate turning 21 again when the kids' charity marked the momentous milestone on Thursday.
Elegant in midnight blue velvet, the philanthropic TV personality hosted a celebrity-studded champagne reception in London's Royal Courts of Justice.
The majestic surroundings didn't stop high-profile guests such as EastEnders actress Samantha Janus and The Bill's Beth Cordingly letting their hair down in style.
Esther led the way, taking to the dancefloor with cartoon character Spongebob Squarepants. VIP invitees were also treated to an auction and a casino on a night that raised vital funds for an organisation which counsels 140,000 vulnerable kids every year.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.03858
Retrieved Text: The American Health Care Act was unveiled on Monday, with two markups in the U.S. House of Representatives today. The House Republican bill includes controversial proposals to repeal Affordable Care Act reforms that had received support from federal and state lawmakers. But, some factions of the GOP are still divided on many of the bill's proposals.
1. Dissent within GOP House ranks: The Freedom Caucus, a group of nearly 40 ultra-conservative House members who have taken issue with the bill's tax credit provision and could have the votes to take down the bill.
2. Crumbling Senate support: Four GOP senators, Sens. Rob Portman of Ohio, Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Cory Gardner of Colorado and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, have already vowed to vote against the proposed law unless it is updated to address their Medicaid expansion concerns. Without their support, the bill could die in the Senate.
3. More letters written in protest: Freedom Partners and Americans for Prosperity in a joint letter on Tuesday said the proposed law creates a new entitlement in the form of tax credit subsidies, turning the American Health Care Act essentially into Obamacare 2.0.
4. Continued arguments on how to pay for healthcare: Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) told hospitals attending a health policy conference hosted by the Federation of American Hospitals that Republicans need to develop some policy option to help low-income individuals buy insurance. If they don't fund tax credits, the federal government will be on the hook to help cover the inevitable increase in uncompensated-care costs incurred by hospitals.
It's unclear

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.883842
Retrieved Text: There is nothing spectacular, or particularly interesting about Buffalo Bills other than it having the only poker room in Primm.
Are the vibes lucky at Buffalo Bill's?
We won a ton of money there one day while stranded due to weather. The story goes like this - the I-15 was closed due to snow and ice and traffic was stopped. We hopped off the exit at Primm and rolled into Buffalo Bill's, hit the blackjack tables and took em for about a grand on a $5 table in an hour or so. We called the airport to book a flight to LA, drove to McCarran, dropped off our rental car (we didn't have dependable wheels in those days) hopped on the plane and was home in two hours with - all paid for by Buffalo Bills. Thanks Bill!
What casino games are offered at Buffalo Bill's?
Does Buffalo Bill's have casino comps?
Terrible's, Buffalo Bills and Whiskey Pete's all accrue comps on the Terrible's One Card which you can use to get free food, hotel rooms, gasoline, golf outings, stuff from the gift shop, rides on the roller coaster and booze or cigs from the tobacco store.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.837845
Retrieved Text: I liked the location of Gringo Bill's. Staffs at the reception were very helpful. Help was badly needed as we had to change our rooms on several occasions, as each rooms seemed to have problems of different category.
We left the hotel for ruins at 7am, with no electricity and came back at 6 pm and found still they were working on electricity.
This hotel is placed in a good location. Just around the central plaza. Gringo Bill's is serving Machu Picchu visitor for over 25 years. It was renovated in 2004. It is a three story house made of wood. You may like the environment here. Gringo Bill's have an arrangement of lunch pack for their guests visiting to Machu Picchu. Since there is no canteen or restaurant in Machu Picchu, the lunch pack is very useful.
In old days Gringo Bill's was a very renowned hotel in this region. But they have lost their touch. Recently lots of MachuPicchu-inca.com visitors complain about their management. Complains on shower, breakfast, flush of commode and even on electricity are very common now a days in Gringo Bill's. If you have to stay in this hotel carry flashbulb and be prepare to expect anything.
They can accommodate 40 persons in total. Rooms fare includes breakfast.
2 standard rooms with a shared bathroom. One room has a queen bed and the other room has 3 twin beds.
You have to be careful about the reservation. In their website (www.gringobills.com) they will ask you to pay full in advance through pay pal. If you reserve a

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.685398
Retrieved Text: Seth Meyers thinks he knows Omarosa Manigault Newman’s true motivation for turning on President Donald Trump.
“It took her 14 years, but she is finally getting revenge for Trump firing her in season one,” he added.
Trump dismissed Manigault Newman in the ninth week of the debut season of his reality show, “The Apprentice,” in 2004. Over the next decade, they collaborated on several other shows, including “Celebrity Apprentice,” “The Ultimate Merger” and “All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.” In 2016, Manigault Newman joined the Trump campaign as director of African-American Outreach, and when he won the election, she became an assistant to the president and director of communications for the Office of Public Liaison. She lasted just a year before White House Chief of Staff John Kelly canned her.
Manigault Newman is currently promoting her tell-all book, Unhinged, about her time working in the administration.
“Let’s be honest, the only fitting way for this presidency to end would be Trump to get indicted and leave the White House crying in the back of a cab,” Meyers added.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.557762
Retrieved Text: Business Networking & PR Training Event in Cardiff, also a Celebration Event for Eventagious Turning 1!
The business training event in Cardiff will take place on Thursday, 6th April from 2-6pm.
Business Networking Event in Wales with the Apprentice..

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.526875
Retrieved Text: Apprentice winemaker Joel Kampfe interviews Jim Milone, winemaker with Terra Savia. How to get pina colada flavors in chardonnay while keeping alcohol low. How to soften tannins in Petit Verdot through maceration (soaking after fermentation) without wine turning to vinegar.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.399147
Retrieved Text: The master woodwright returns here with instructions for handcrafting an appealing selection of projects from the American woodworking tradition. The Woodwright's Apprentice begins with directions for building a workbench. Each successive project builds new skills for the apprentice woodworker - from frame construction to dovetailing, turning, steam-bending, and carving. Among the twenty items featured are an African chair, a telescoping music stand, a walking-stick chair, a fireplace bellows, and a revolving Windsor chair. Designed both for woodworking novices and for more seasoned woodworkers looking for enjoyable projects, the book includes step-by-step directions, complete with easy-to-follow photographs and measured drawings, and an illustrated glossary of tools and terms. All of the pieces presented here are based on projects featured in past and upcoming seasons of The Woodwright's Shop television show.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.385654
Retrieved Text: Move over, Waldo. "Where's Karl?" is a fashion-forward journey worth taking.
No offense to classic kid's lit, but how is saying goodnight to a couple of kittens and a couple of mittens ever going to teach our youth about life?
For anyone who knows a little sophisticate, Where's Karl? offers pages worth exploring. The brand new adult picturebook, co-authored by two TCU grads, has already made the NYT Bestseller list - grown ups and tots alike are giddy. (Meet the authors at party - details below!) In the pages, fictional fashion blogger Fleur must find Karl Lagerfeld in order to score a sensational interview for her site. But where will he turn up? A photo shoot in Dubai? On the slopes in St. Moritz? The Met Gala in New York? Follow the supersleuth as she takes you through 15 of fashion’s most fabulous cities and try your hardest to find Karl hiding on each page. Peppered throughout the chic illustrations you'll also find other instantly recognizable tastemakers ranging from Cara Delevingne to SJP.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.347166
Retrieved Text: Bill Morrissey passed away on July 23, 2011, in his room at a hotel in Georgia. He was staying there on his way home after several gigs. Bill's fans and the folk music community are deeply saddened by his loss.
Bill's handwritten lyrics to "The Grave of Baudelaire"

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.292927
Retrieved Text: BILL'S TRUCKING is an active operating under USDOT Number 3203062.
Do you operate BILL'S TRUCKING business?
QuickTSI will provide this website/profile as a marketing platform for BILL'S TRUCKING. Let potential shippers learn more about BILL'S TRUCKING. QuickTSI will publish BILL'S TRUCKING. business information here.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.232433
Retrieved Text: This page has information about Bill's Cats and also about Bill's Memorial Garden.
If you would like to make a donation to help make Bill's Memorial Garden you may do so thru Pottstown EcoFest.
"Mobilization For Animals - EcoFest"
You will receive a donation receipt for your taxes from Mobilization for Animals, the non-profit that runs the Pottstown EcoFest. Bill co-founded the Pottstown EcoFest with Mobilization for Animals in 2017.
Hi, my name is Caitlin Mercer and I had the honor of being friends with Bill thru cat rescue work with Cat NAPS of Pottstown, playing music for his annual Pottstown Pet Fair and most recently working on Pottstown EcoFest together. Bill had a huge heart and was a great friend to the animals of Pottstown. He was always a smiling face to run into in town and it seemed he could help with everything and knew everyone. It is a shock and a huge loss to not have him physically with us anymore. I find it comforting to picture him surrounded by all his animal friends on the other side of the rainbow bridge he always spoke of. All of us at EcoFest wish peace and love to his family and all of his friends.
When Bill passed away, he left behind his current "feline family" in his house. They are all recovering from the stress of losing their dad and this has been very difficult for them. If you knew Bill, you know these cats meant the world to him. Bill's family has been working with Cat NAPS of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.18186
Retrieved Text: When owners Paul and Lynn D'Adamo went on vacation for eight days in July of 2009, they left Pinault in charge.
"The absence is pretty much transparent," said D'Adamo. "We have made a concerted effort to have Jim truly be the one our employees look to for daily decision making, even when I am in the office. It is not easy for an owner to give up that hands-on aspect of running the business, but Jim instinctively knows what is best for Bill's Auto Parts and is not afraid to make decisions affecting the company."
"Captain" Jim has worked at Bill's Auto Parts since 1995. Before that, he worked at Hasbro, located in Pawtucket, R.I. for 15 years and part time at Dave's Auto Parts in Cumberland, R.I.
"Jim's first day at Bill's Auto Parts, a Sunday at that, was spent training on the new Hollander system," said D'Adamo. "Since then, we have never looked back. Jim is a quick learner and has a master knowledge of every aspect of the business."
Pinault's natural leadership abilities and knowledge of the industry also gave him instant credibility with the crew at Bill's Auto Parts.
"Jim is just a stand-up guy," explained Ron Matthews, Car-Part.com in Fort Wright, Ky., who has worked with Pinault for years. "He treats the business like it's his own. Jim has the respect of his employees and my respect too."
"When Jim attends trade shows, he's always looking at new ways to make Bill's Auto Parts a better salvage facility," said Jenn Collison, Locator sales representative. "You see him

================



======= Instance Index 42 =========
Input Text: Given that A: Now the part about where you said the apartment complex puts up signs that says no soliciting, I've even gone so far as to put that, I've got a storm door on the front of the house and I've put, in, I don't know how much clearer it can be, it's a red sign with silver letters saying no soliciting. I guess I should make another one that says religious or otherwise, cause I still get, B: Yeah, yeah, that's true, yeah. No I didn't go that far but, uh, yeah I probably could do the same thing, uh, you know, I don't have a storm door, but I'm sure I could rig up something. But you know I don't think that that would stop people. Therefore, it must be true that "a no soliciting sign would stop people"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 26.080566
Retrieved Text: Not drinking alone if the dog's at home sign.
Door Knocker Responsive Dogs Sign.
Sleeping Baby Door Knocker Protective Dogs Sign.
Sleeping Baby Red Door Knocker Protective Dogs Sign.
Sleeping Baby Navy Door Knocker Protective Dogs Sign.
Sleeping Baby Black Door Knocker Protective Dogs Sign.
Door Knocker Reactive Dogs No Soliciting Sign.
Sleeping Babies Door Knocker Sign.
Door Knocker Responsive Dogs Baby Asleep No Soliciting Sign.
Door Knocker Responsive Dogs Working Humans No Soliciting Sign.
Door Knocker Responsive Dogs Red Baby Asleep No Soliciting Sign.
Door Knocker Responsive Dogs Working Humans No Soliciting No Religion Etc. Sign.
Door Knocker Responsive Dogs Sleeping Humans No Soliciting Sign.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.846169
Retrieved Text: Are solicitors knocking at your door? Make your own No Soliciting Sign to save time, money, and avoid stranger danger!
The No Soliciting Sign SVG Cut File is for those who want to make their own No Soliciting Sign!
It is a digital cut file to use with your Silhouette or Cricut cutting machine!
Looking for a Printable No Soliciting Sign? We've got that too!
The No Soliciting Sign SVG Cut File is for personal use only.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.202736
Retrieved Text: In response to community concerns and complaints, the Board of Commissioners has completely revised of the Township’s soliciting and peddling ordinance. The new ordinance, drafted by Commissioner Siegel, establishes a “Do Not Call” list for the Township and prohibits soliciting or peddling at properties displaying a “No Soliciting” or “Do Not Solicit” sign.
Click here to sign up for the “Do Not Solicit” list.
Charitable soliciting, and soliciting, peddling and other activities shall be limited to between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and sundown daily.
To read a copy of the ordinance, click here.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.3957
Retrieved Text: the door-to-door salesman will flee without even going into his pitch.
hahahahaha. I almost felt sorry for him. Almost.
I really need to get a sign for the door "Solicitors will be accosted by their future."
My mom says a three year old answering the door while yelling “Shut up you damn dog!” has a similar effect on Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Yelling at phone solicitors,”Don’t ever call us at dinner-time again!” while your 4 1/2 year old is ramming his monster truck into the wall while screaming & your 21 month old keeps screaming “carry me!” also works quite well.
I had to create my own “No Solicitors” sign to tape on my front window after my doorbell rang 3 times in 2 hours a few weeks ago. I work at home, so the last thing I need is a doorbell to ring when I’m on a conference call. However, it still doesn’t stop the religious nut jobs. Apparently, they haven’t figured out that they’re soliciting Jesus.
I tried to find one of those stickers, but I haven’t seen one anywhere in Middle Tennessee. Perhaps people like to be bothered here.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 23.228323
Retrieved Text: In a recent ruling by a Florida appeals court, an interesting legal decision was made in regards to a search and seizure by law enforcement at a person’s home for drugs, per a search warrant. As a reminder, under both the United States and Florida Constitution, a person has the right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure of their home and property, and from unreasonable governmental intrusion. Under case law, both federal and in Florida, absent some limited exceptions, law enforcement must first obtain a search warrant from a judge, based on probable cause, to be able to search one’s home and/or property. Many times law enforcement will conduct a “knock and talk” at one’s home to speak with people and try and gather information to establish probable cause of criminal activity, to then, in turn, seek a request for a search warrant. The novel issue in this recent Florida case was whether the presence of a “No Soliciting” sign at the home negated the customary ability of visitors, including officers, to knock and talk to the person at the home’s front door.
The First District Court of Appeals stated that while the Defendant’s No Solicitation sign would be able to warn away would-be solicitors from his door, the police officers were not at his front door for the purpose of soliciting him, for example, to buy tickets or contribute money, but rather was a non-solicitation “knock and talk”, which is allowed under the law.
If you have been subject to a knock and talk with

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.047619
Retrieved Text: DiamondPlate™ Door Sign: No Soliciting, Fundraising, Estimates, Salesmen, Religion, Politics. Thank You!
Legend No Soliciting, Fundraising, Estimates, Salesmen, Religion, Politics. Thank You!
Make sure you are not compromising with the aesthetics while putting up a No Soliciting Sign. This beautifully crafted silver and black DiamondPlate™ Door Sign is made of 32 mil thick aluminum and performs very well outdoors. These can be applied on any clean surface with the help of strong adhesive at the back of the sign. Appealing design makes sure your message reaches out to everyone.
DiamondPlate™ Aluminum 5" x 4"
DiamondPlate™ signs withstand traffic, constant abuse and abrasion. These photo-sensitive anodized aluminum plates are great for door signs.
The legend is sealed into the aluminum and cannot be abraded. Plates resist salt spray and chemicals.
Signs have a great outdoor life; plates last up to 20 years outside. Withstands up to 1000°F.
Signs have a matte finish; your message is not hidden by glare.
Signs are composed of 32 mil thick aluminum and 5 mil thick 3M 468MP high performance acrylic adhesive.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.754356
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 01:49:56 pm at 04/25/2019 01:49:56 pm in Wood Stakes For Yard Signs.
wood stakes for yard signs address yard signs boardwalk reflective home address yard sign yard address amazoncom wedding arrow sign with stake rustic wedding signs wedding arrow sign with stake rustic wedding signs arrow wedding this way sign.
heavy duty h metal stakes for yard signs,black heavy duty h metal stakes for yard signs,wooden stakes for yard signs,plastic stakes for yard signs,wood stakes for yard signs,metal stakes for yard signs, the green i signs blog lawn signs on painted wooden stakes by green lawn signs on painted wooden stakes by green i signs, lawn signs home depot pleasant no soliciting yard sign funny no lawn signs home depot fresh wooden stakes home depot garden stakes home depot wood of, wood garden stake wooden north pole yard stake ieadsmtaskwikiinfo wood garden stake wood garden stake wood yard stake signs wooden handmade yard signs welcome flower wood garden stake , yard stakes home depot garden stakes home depot yard sign stakes yard stakes home depot wooden stakes home depot garage sale signs home depot wooden garage kits yard stakes , artfire markets no soliciting no trespassing no flyers wood vinyl metal stake yard.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.658821
Retrieved Text: Home The Pursuit Blog Social Justice Pray for Abortion to End?
I walked to a sandwich shop in Louisville, KY to pick up some lunch for my wife. As I traversed the 2 blocks to Subway, I passed many signs along my way: “We sell Guns!” “Free Diamonds” “No soliciting.” There were many signs, yet something about the first sign stood out to me. First, no other sign was being held by a person, much less a group of people. Something about this sign was different. Most signs are passive objects, but this sign was active. People were looking for people to actively participate in the message of their sign.
This tribe of protesters were passionate to end abortion. Although not actively marching, (they were huddled up since it was 30 degrees) their message was clear. Abortion is bad.
But have they missed something?
Standing on the corner in sub-freezing weather is admirable but not changing anything. Catching a cold is going to be the end result of such an exercise.
Yet what if the sign read, “Can I Pray with You?” or “I listen well” or even, “I Care, So Does Jesus”? What then?
Which sign do you think would make real change in the life of a woman heading in for an abortion, one condemning their soon-to-be-decision, or one inviting them (with all of their messy life decisions) into believing something different about themselves and God?
My point is this, you and I can’t change society’s values or social issues by merely crying foul. But we can make a difference in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.564896
Retrieved Text: No soliciting signs are a great way to protect yourself from unwanted interruptions. Post a clear Private Property No Soliciting Sign outside your home or place of business to keep intruders away. Order any of our private property signs to ban loitering, trespassing, skateboarding, and more.
• Pick standard or designer options for your property. All are made using heavy-duty aluminum (in reflective options, too) to last outdoors, even against tampering, spills, and abrasions.
• Get a quick preview of material features and prices by clicking on the templates below.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.466845
Retrieved Text: Showcasing travel, recipes, pets, beauty, homesteading and products that make our lives easier.
Help Feed More Local Families And Share Holiday Meals!
Try This Local Hive Honey Vanilla Sugar Cookie Recipe For Christmas!
Hi y'all! We're Crystal and Clay and this is our blog. We write about our life together and the things that make us happy like travel, our kids and pets and products that make our lives a little easier. We recently purchased a homestead and hope you will follow us along on our new journey as homesteaders in the mountains!
Purchase our No Soliciting Sign Combo Pack for only $3.99!Please note the multi pack is no longer free, only the solid white, available when subscribing to our newsletter.
Credit: Social icons - camp graphics.
Well, bless your heart. You read all the way to the bottom! Thank you!
Subscribe to our newsletter and get this FREE No Soliciting Sign in your inbox shortly after signing up!
Error: Something went wrong. Please try again.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.343119
Retrieved Text: The Town of Normal frequently receives inquiries regarding persons going door to door and soliciting. Please review the following information about our solicitation guidelines and some suggestions for interacting with solicitors.
Solicitors within the Town of Normal must apply for and be approved for a permit to solicit in the Town.
May only ring bells, knock or engage with residents for solicitation between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 9:00 p.m.
If a solicitor does not display and cannot produce a permit, they may not be licensed to solicit within Normal and may be reported to the Normal Police Department by calling (309)-888-5030. Please scroll down to see a list of current solicitors license holders.
Beyond the restrictions listed above, the Town of Normal does not directly regulate demeanor of individual solicitors. Remember however, that as a homeowner or occupant you may at any time ask a solicitor to leave your property. Every resident has the right to feel secure in their home, should you feel threatened or unsafe based upon a solicitor’s behavior, contact the Police immediately at (309)-888-5030.
The Town encourages residents having complaints about aggressive or deceptive practices of a business to file a consumer complaint with the Illinois Attorney General’s Office at (800)243-0618 or online.
Residents should specifically be aware of door to door energy supplier sales and solicitations. Residents should be aware that the Town of Normal does not send people door to door to register residents for the supply of alternate energy.
The Town encourages residents who wish to sign up with their own energy provider to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.183746
Retrieved Text: Nexel Industries WRH8247 3 Tier Wide Span Storage Rack with 3 in. Square Mesh Gray - 96 x 24 x 84 in.
Accuform MEXT560XF10 10" x 14" Safety Sign "Exit Route ..."
Accuform MABR609XF Caution Safety Sign "Keep Gate Closed"
Accuform MATR969VA10 Private Property Safety Sign "No Soliciting..."

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.925419
Retrieved Text: . . . is soliciting stories from members of the military.
A lot of people are responding, essentially, "you first."
As in, "sign that form 180, Bucko."
Some of 'em, however, are getting downright tart about it.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.654041
Retrieved Text: How do you cold walkers handle ye olde “NO Soliciting” Sign I see posted at almost every business I pass.
Walk in and ignore it. No one ever mentions it anyway.
Or, you can be afraid of inanimate objects and words for the rest of your short career. Your choice.
B24, that’s a good line. I may steal it.
"I see that you have a no soliciting sign out there, but that's a degrading term, I'm actually a salesman. Is the owner available?"
No offense, but I think most people would say that ‘salesman’ is just as offensive to the uniformed as solicitor.
The interesting thing is that any business owner that doesn't take sales calls or discourages solicitors is quite uniformed about what makes the economy work. In fact, in one other thread several of the posters on this board mentioned that they don't take solicitors and/or sales calls. Some even boasted about being rude to them. It's both amazing and enlightening that people would be so closed minded as to think that is impressive. Any person, business owner, or other entity that is not constantly on the look out for a good idea or better way to do things is destined for mediocrity. There are alot of bad ideas and bad salespeople around, but there are also alot of great ideas to problems people have that they just haven't heard about yet. To all those that are rude or disinterested in hearing new ideas; congratulations, you are missing the boat.
When I think of “solicitors” I think of some person who

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.599373
Retrieved Text: Keep your property away from risk! Warn intruders of police and bring soliciting to halt with this eye-catchy red color No Trespassing Sign.
Perfect sign for our small community in San Jacinto, CA. Now the Police have more reason to ensure we do not have uninvited intruders.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.57641
Retrieved Text: For some reason, our subdivision tends to attract solicitors of all stripes. When the doorbell rings, we never know who we'll find standing on our doorstep. Will it be school kids selling overpriced chocolate cashews? College kids urging us to save the rain forests? Juvenile delinquents peddling subscriptions to obscure-magazines-that-will-never-ever-arrive? Landscapers wanting to save our lawn? Zealots wanting to save our souls? With three vocal dogs and a toddler who only naps once in a blue moon, I've come to dread the sound of our doorbell.
I knew that something had to be done, but I wasn't about to hang up a ghastly orange and black plastic "No Soliciting" sign from the hardware store--you may recall my aversion to choosing guaranteed ugly--so I decided to make my own DIY "No Soliciting" sign.
Thanks to blogger Melissa at 320 Sycamore for permission to use her "before" photo--I forgot to take my own.
Making the sign is a snap. It's an easy toddler nap time project--assuming that you can find that elusive window of time when a) your toddler is napping and b) no one is ringing your doorbell.
Step 1. Remove the glass and backing and spray paint the frame white.
Edited 8/11/10 to add: A few people have written to ask how to create the "white text on black background" effect using word processing software. To do this, start by using the "insert" drop down menu to insert a shape onto your blank page (a square, in this case). Use the "fill" feature (the icon looks like a little paint can

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.348785
Retrieved Text: Home — No soliciting, fundraising etc.
This sign is 5" x 11" x 1/8" PVC with black graphics. It is weatherproof and UV resistant. A nylon rope is included for hanging, and can be removed to attach the sign to almost any surface with screws thru the two 1/8" holes in the top corners. The PVC material is washable and very durable. Your satisfaction is always completely guaranteed.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.326136
Retrieved Text: Crime Watch Zone 18"x24" NW-8 18"
Keep Pets on Leash Sign - KG-20 - .080 aluminum EGP White Reflective w/ Black Copy size 18h x 12w.
Pet Waste Sign, It's the Law! 18"x12"
18 x 12 Pet Waste Transmits Disease - Aluminum signReads: Leash and clean up after your pet. It's the Law. $25 -$200 fine.
irst Sign has many signs for your neighborhood, including Pet signs, Crime Watch, No Parking, Reserved Parking,Private Property signs, Pool Signs, No Dumping, No Soliciting Signs, Gate signs. If you do not see what you need, call us at 800-393-7221, we have 100's of Property management sign layouts in our art file history and we can make your sign.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.109411
Retrieved Text: If you claim sheriff, no one believes you, and if you claim any other role, that one investigator will find you, and will have you lynched. Even if you manage to get people to believe you, there's always the chance your target will die at night and you'll become a jester. Also, night immunity is useless because your going to be lynched anyway.... If you don’t want to receive advertising flyers, you can also post a sign that states “No Handbills” or “No Advertisement” (or add that notice to your “No Soliciting” sign). Oregon The city of Salem , Oregon’s laws ( 95.220 ) make it illegal for people to leave handbills or other advertisements on private property without written consent from the owner.
Town Of Salem is an online multiplayer game, inspired through the party game Mafia sticking with the same roles. The name refers to the Salem Witch Trials.... Town of Salem has 33 unique roles ensuring a different experience each time you play. Before a game starts, players are put into a lobby where the host can select what roles will be in the game. Players are then assigned roles at random from the list of chosen roles.
During the Salem Witch Trials, an accused person’s fate was determined by whether they chose to confess to or deny practicing witchcraft. Either way, it was a lose-lose situation for the accused because they would lose their property, get thrown in jail (and possibly die of bad conditions), or even get hanged.
All you have to do is

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.847647
Retrieved Text: As we move into the new year the USSMA has many initiatives we’ll be working on. We plan to be communicating more frequently to keep the ball rolling, so keep your eyes and ears open.
Would you like to be involved in the USSMA?
We are actively soliciting assistance for some new and existing committees, which are based on our new bylaws.
Here’s an overview of committees which lives on our About page on our website.
We have heard from some of you already, so if you’ve already reached out, no need to do so again.
Committee members must hold a current USSMA annual membership. If you haven’t gotten your new annual membership you can sign up here.
If you’re interested please email ram@ussma.org and indicate which committee(s) you have interest in.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.798223
Retrieved Text: Solicitors/peddlers must apply for and receive a permit through the East Lansing City Clerk’s office. As a part of that permit process, the individual is required to submit fingerprints and a criminal background check is conducted. View the City Code. View the Solicitors/Peddlers Application (PDF).
Solicitors and peddlers with permits are prohibited from entering a residence under a pretense other than for soliciting or peddling, remaining in a private residence after being asked to leave, entering the premises of a private residence to solicit or peddle when the occupant has displayed a “no soliciting” or “no peddling” sign and soliciting or peddling prior to 9 a.m. and after 9 p.m. unless a prior invitation by the occupant has been granted.
A solicitor / peddler who comes to a neighbor’s door must have a City-issued permit with them. Community members should make sure to ask to see the permit.
If the solicitor/peddler does not have a permit, community members can advise the individual to contact the City Clerk’s office for information on how to apply for one.
Community members can report an unlicensed solicitor or peddler by calling the East Lansing Police Department non-emergency number at (517) 351-4220 ext. 2. An officer will be dispatched to the neighborhood to make contact with the individual(s). The incident can also be reported to the City Clerk’s office by calling (517) 319-6914. In the case of a safety concern, dial 911.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.755972
Retrieved Text: Archive with tag: 72 inch vanity lowes | Groundswellplayers 72 Inch Vanity.
collection of galleries from Home Design And Ideas like 72 Inch Vanity. and other designs you might like Rustic Hanging Lights. No Soliciting Sign. Shabby Chic Desk. Stair Tread Rugs. Upper Kitchen Cabinets. French Counter Stools. Sectional For Small Spaces.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.471886
Retrieved Text: Each transient vendor, as defined in O.R.C. Section 505.94(B)(2), are required to register at the Liberty Township office where they are given a Solicitor's Badge which must be visible when they approach your home. Solicitors are limited to the hours of 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. October 1 through April 30 and from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. May 1 through September 30.
Liberty Township has created a Do Not Solicit List. The Do Not Solicit List records the households that do not want uninvited Vendors to visit. Click here to view the Do Not Solicit List and to register for the list.
Complete Registration Form and BCSO Form. Each Representative of the Vendor (“Representative” or salesperson) will need a State ID or other approved identification. One application needs to be completed per federal tax identification number. The Applicant (the individual completing the application on behalf of the Transient Vendor or company) must provide the fee with the application. $50 for the first individual with a $10 fee per additional Representative affiliated with the same organization up to a maximum of $150.
Liberty Township will photocopy each ID and take a photo of each Representative. Liberty Township will forward the form to the designated BCSO personnel.
Liberty Township will inform the Applicant when the badges, application, Do No Solicit List, and any additional paperwork are ready to be picked up. These items must be picked up by the Applicant only. No solicitation shall commence until the paperwork and badges are completed, approved, and picked up.
Solicitors, Transient Vendor (“Vendor”), and Representative

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.439165
Retrieved Text: In New York, non-solicitation agreements forbid former or departing employees from soliciting other employees to work for another employer, for a definite period of time. Non-solicitation agreements may also forbid the employee from soliciting the company’s customers and/or vendors, after leaving the employer. If you were directed to sign a non-solicitation agreement, it advisable to have the agreement reviewed by an employment lawyer before you sign it. By signing a non-solicitation agreement without first consulting an attorney, it is possible you may hinder future employment opportunities or business ventures. To find out more, or to have an experienced attorney review a non-solicitation agreement, contact us for a confidential consultation.
In order to protect their business interests, employers often require executives and other employees to sign non-solicitation agreements. Good employees can be difficult to find, and it may take years to build a customer base that keeps a business solvent; however, many such agreements seriously interfere with an employee’s ability to get another position. It is crucial to consult with an experienced attorney prior to your execution of a non-solicitation agreement because you otherwise may be forfeiting a valuable asset.
The non-solicitation agreement attorneys of Risman & Risman, P.C. are eager to help and discuss your concerns with you. There is no charge for the consultation. Our firm provides clients with the information they need to make the right decisions about non-solicitation agreements and other employment law matters, and counsels them based on strategies tailored to the client’s individual situation. Please feel free to call us at (212) 233-6400

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.331205
Retrieved Text: I started off with the idea of amassing HUGE, comprehensive lists of fic, organized by character or theme. But of course, there's always the issue of being all-inclusive and fair and balanced if you're trying to draw up the "definitive" list of everything. And wow, would that be a lot of work, yes?
- Five Rainy Day Fics... etc.
I'd like to stay away from calling these the "best" or anything. They'd just a jumping-off point for people who want to read that kind of thing. It wouldn't have to be five, exactly, it could be more. You could include one of your own fics or not. Ideally, people would list five (or ten) different authors, including one or two not on their flist.
Sound workable? I think this could work like the lostsquee luau, where people sign up for different days and then, instead of asking for fics, and writing fics, they would list a few existing fics. Thoughts? Questions?
I was thinking that the person who makes the post would provide links to at least three fics (with maybe a few words about each), so that the post will have a guaranteed list of fics to read! I never had much luck soliciting input on themes at my sawyerficrecs comm -- some got no comments at all! But people could absolutely comment to the post with other fics on the same theme. Anyway, that's my thoughts on how it would work! In theory, people would only sign up if they had a specific theme in mind and time

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.183846
Retrieved Text: Crying Wolf, Soliciting pats, Greeting customers so they can let me in, then out, then in again.
There's no 'cat' in 'team'. I don't know what a team is; I'm a cat.
I am a very well known figure in my part of town. Everyone knows me and I often 'fall over' if people approach me outside in an (often successful) attempt to get a pat. I never shut up. Ever.
I wear a hi vis vest as I'm a little slow crossing roads because of my missing leg (and the fact I stop to lick my bum on the pedestrian crossing).
Despite being a bit of a pest, I'm a loving and tolerant cat, and I do love my humans most of the time. And they love me more than I love them which is completely what I expect.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.04362
Retrieved Text: A stop sign in Seattle with white and red striping on the pole.
This post was written by reader Mike Dowd.
When I grew up in Seattle, stop signs had wood posts with red-and-white, candy cane-like stripes. Now they have metal poles, but they’re still striped. When I moved to Portland, I really missed them! It seemed dangerous without them.
When you approach an intersection in Seattle, the stripes immediately show you whether people entering the intersection from other directions must stop. In Portland, you have to look for the octagonal sign shape — not easy to see when you’re looking at the back of a sign across the intersection (maybe with a telephone or light pole in front of it), and almost impossible when looking at the narrow edge of a sign regulating cross traffic.
It’s critical for everyone — whether driving, riding, or walking — to know who must stop at an intersection. You don’t want to enter an intersection until you’re sure nobody is entering it from your left or right. You don’t want to make a left turn until you know whether an oncoming vehicle or bike is going to stop.
Easier to see from any direction.
Portland has a mish-mash of info added below stop signs: “All Way” signs at intersections with four stop signs, “Oncoming Traffic Does Not Stop”, “Traffic From Right Does Not Stop”, etc. But it’s not consistent, which itself creates danger. Those also only give information to people who do have a stop sign. If you don’t have a stop sign, there’s no

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.656687
Retrieved Text: Do you get a lot of door-to-door sales people in your neighborhood? We get one occasionally, and I am never happy about it. Somehow they always seem to choose naptime, and inevitably wake the kids by ringing the doorbell (which also makes the dog bark). Grr!
For the past few years we’ve had up a small, laminated “no soliciting” sign right underneath the doorbell. It has definitely cut down on the disturbance, and we’ve actually seen people come up the porch steps and then leave immediately. Hooray! But then there are those people who just don’t care, or say that they didn’t see it (really?!). Which makes me wonder if a bigger sign might be in order.
I saw a cute one on Pinterest a while back (which I’m still looking for), which made me wonder if I could come up with a clever phrase of my own.Â It is surprisingly challenging – if you sound too rude, you can put off those that you want to greet, yet the wording needs to be clear enough that the people you want to stay away understand your intention. You know what I mean?
The rhyme above is one that I thought up in the car the other day. It lets friends know they’re welcome, but tells strangers that we are not interested. What do you think? Is the message is clear?
Would you like your own copy to print? Because if so, you can download a printable copy of this same sign by clicking HERE or by clicking on the image

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.604677
Retrieved Text: Most people don’t have a “true” financial advisor. The truth is its really hard to know who a financial advisor really is. In fact, insurance agents, stock brokers/registered representatives, bankers, accountants, and personal financial coaches are all people who often hold themselves out to be financial advisors when in fact they really aren’t.
They will use terms like “strategists, financial specialists, and financial consultants, etc.” While those terms are endearing, they are a sign the individual may not be holding all of the appropriate licensing. In fact it would be illegal for any individual to write financial advisor on their business card if they were not properly registered to do so.
MAKE NO MISTAKE – a true financial advisor must be registered with their state or the SEC as precisely that. This registration usually involves holding a series 6.6 or 6.5 license.
All registered investment advisors must be able to provide you with an ADVII document to offer personal financial advice to you for compensation. You can view the ADVII document of Eddie Patel, Inc. by clicking here.
If the individual you are soliciting can not provide you with an ADVII that doesn’t mean they can’t help you...it just means they don’t have a legal mandate to do what’s in your best interest.
Ask about the advisors compensation structure. Ideally you should prefer a fee-based or fee-only structure because fees that are paid by you, keep the advisor loyal to you. Fees or commissions paid by third parties, may present the advisor with a conflict of interest.
Where can I find a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.603834
Retrieved Text: In written languages like English, old words don’t die, but merely sleep undisturbed in a dictionary. In unwritten languages like BSL, if no-one uses the sign, it simply disappears. For example, signs such as PAWN-BROKER and COURTING are no longer in widespread use. Young people today would not need signs for these ideas, but would need signs such as MOBILE-PHONE, CD and DVD. Recent new concepts include communications technology, the national lottery, television soap operas and cochlear implants. Some signers might also stop using their own sign when they see a different sign used in the broadcast media.

================



======= Instance Index 3 =========
Input Text: Given that A: so I don't know if I wasn't drug tested based on that or because the man who hired me didn't request the drug test, because I know that my company does drug testing on occasion. B: Right. Well, for instance, does the company you worked for before have the right or do they have the ability to say, hey, we've already drug tested her and she came up negative. A: Well, no, I don't think they can force another company to not drug test me just by saying that I didn't, I mean, Therefore, it must be true that "they can force another company to not drug test her"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 26.123173
Retrieved Text: Drug testing -- and particularly random drug testing -- is not allowed in every state in the U.S. Before proceeding with such a policy, a company needs to check with its state Department of Labor for current laws. Even if such testing is allowed, and employees are found to be using drugs and alcohol, employers may find their options are limited in how they can respond.
For example, the Americans With Disabilities Act makes it clear that an individual with alcoholism has a disability which is protected under the ADA. It also states that an employer may not refuse to hire a qualified individual because of his or her alcoholism, and may not punish an alcoholic employee more severely than non-alcoholic employees for the same conduct.
In one federal case, the Tenth Circuit rejected a challenge to a policy that required employees to disclose their prescription drug use at the time of a drug test for illegal drugs. The company said it was necessary to assure the accuracy of the drug test. The court ruled that since the information was not disclosed to others, it represented an "insignificant" invasion of privacy.
However, in a California case, the court ruled that an employer's requirement of disclosure of prescription drug use as part of a medical exam for applicants and promotion candidates was illegal. The employer argued the information was necessary to determine if there was a positive test for illegal drugs whether there was a possible legal explanation. The court said the policy violated the American with Disabilities Act and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.671242
Retrieved Text: I work for a toxicology testing laboratory, and my job is to help companies improve the health, wellness and safety within their organizations by obtaining testing services that match their specific needs and drug-free workplace program guidelines. I am also a bottom-line leader, recognizing that a little prevention and proactive effort leads to greater productivity, profitability and employee satisfaction. Yes, I am a “salesperson”, a bad word to some. I am not a fan of the “salesperson” stereotype. Someone has to be the liaison between a person that needs help with a problem and the solution. I’ve also had the experience of working with someone addicted to prescription medications, all the way through her accident on company business. I can tell you stories about unhappy and lost customers, other employees who left because her behavior was not dealt with, constant absenteeism – the list goes on.
I don’t believe in selling just to make a sale, which leads me to this rant. I have now met with multiple business owners and/or human resources personnel to discuss their drug, alcohol and other occupational health testing needs who have put a big question-mark over my head. I ask what they want to accomplish through their defined program, the level of risk in their work environment or by specific position and so forth – learning how I can offer options that match what they want to accomplish. I just don’t understand their responses, which boil down to “we just want to drug test our candidates enough to get them on

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.29762
Retrieved Text: Federal law prohibits a company, its officers or its management from making false statements to the federal government or defrauding the government. In addition, various laws allow federal agencies to ask the U.S. Attorney General to bring criminal prosecutions against companies, their officers or their management.
In 1996, a military supplier was sentenced to prison for fraud and making false statements after he sold the federal government substandard bolts for use in NASA equipment. A military contractor who provided defective missile launcher parts pled guilty to falsifying test results. The company paid fines and restitution for the parts. In another case, company executives were convicted of a scheme to defraud for failing to properly maintain safety equipment for airplanes, including Air Force One and Air Force Two, the presidential and vice presidential aircraft.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has regulatory authority over food, drugs, medical devices and cosmetics. The FDA has power to investigate suspected fraud and can pursue criminal prosecutions against anyone who introduces adulterated foods, drugs, medical devices or cosmetics into the market.
In 2002, the federal government prosecuted an individual who manufactured and gave away to several teenagers a homemade designer drug. One teenager died after taking the drug. The individual was convicted of manslaughter in state court and sentenced to prison. A federal court of appeals upheld an individual's misdemeanor conviction for failing to register with the FDA as required by law.
In 2001, a federal court of appeals upheld the convictions of two individuals and a laboratory for various violations of the Federal Food,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.074696
Retrieved Text: If you own a business, you may be debating whether or not you should drug test your employees and/or drug test potential employees who you are considering hiring. Learning the pros and cons of doing so will help you decide which is the better option for you. Here are a few of those pros and cons.
One of the downsides of drug testing all your employees is that it can be costly. As a small business, you may not have the extra money to pay for this. And as a large business, it can get pricey fast having each and every potential employee tested. When you are thinking about drug testing your employees, you will want to work with the same company, as they often offer discounts for companies that do business with them often. Also, consider whether you prefer urine or hair tests. They have pros and cons associated with them, but urine tends to be cheaper than hair drug tests.
Another downside is some employees will not work for a company that has them drug tested, even if they are not users. They feel it invades their privacy and they do not want to give a sample of their urine or hair. As such, you can miss out on a great employee if you come across employees who value their privacy over your right to drug test.
The last downside to drug testing your employees is that the most commonly found drug detected during a drug test is marijuana. However, using marijuana is currently against the federal

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.964506
Retrieved Text: I received a very disturbing email from a lady who was sent to LabCorp for a urine test. This is a fairly simple process regulated by federal guidelines as it can cause the loss of employment if not properly administered. In this case it never got to that point. She complains that after sitting in the waiting room for over one and a half hours, she was asked to leave without being able to provide her urine sample.
I have all of my certifications for phlebotomy ……Those employees are rude,hateful and just out right nasty. They are the laziest people I have ever seen.
Now I just wanted to say it is true that a location with low volume of patients only require one PST (Patient Service Tech), but what does low volume mean? 40-60 patients?
While being at LabCorp for a short time, I was told that one location received high volume (~300 patients) which required 6 PSTs. Now I worked at a hospital before and we each phlebotomist draws around 35-40 patients a day (about 300-400 patients a day) so does that mean 40-60 patients at a LabCorp PSC equals low volume?
Somehow, I think LabCorp PSTs forget that at a hospital outpatient blood draw room, there is a receptionist that processes all the requisitions, prints out labels, copies, fax, and handles inquiries. The phlebotomists at a hospital draw blood [and then maybe process specimens and paperwork on their next rotation]. LabCorp PSTs on the other hand have to also do the receptionist side of the work during

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.842999
Retrieved Text: In today’s world, urine drug testing is more prevalent than ever before. Many businesses now require drug tests for their employees, which results in a continual stream of people looking for fast, quick, and accurate test results. If you’re a medical provider looking to serve this clientele, you may want to consider outsourcing your urine drug tests to a reliable third party like Premier Medical. There are a number of benefits to outsourcing the tests to a company like Premier, the first of which is that you can rely on them for accurate results. If kept in poor conditions, urine drug tests can easily become unreliable (they can be altered using vinegar or bleach, for example) so it’s important to find a company like Premier whom you can rely upon to conduct the tests in a controlled environment. Additionally, with more and more patients needing urine drug tests, it’s valuable to have a company that can conduct a large number of tests at once. Lastly, outsourcing your tests to a company like Premier will help you deliver fast results to your patients, which can be of the utmost priority when patients need results for job interviews and professional obligations.
Being able to direct patients to a fast, safe, and reliable provider like Premier gives you a competitive edge over other medical providers, and will keep patients coming back to you for years to come.
Families in Canada order more medicines per person than any other area. The variety of medications marketed by companies is no doubt a contributing

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.683731
Retrieved Text: Another Military Drug Lab Revelation - Korody Law, P.A.
This week there was another revelation about military drug labs and military drug testing that undermines the reliability of the system. I have previously spoken about the employee tampering at the Norfolk Navy Drug Testing Laboratory (NDSL) before it was shut, the false positives at NDSL Great Lakes and San Diego (before it was shut down), Tripler Forensic Drug Testing Labratory (FDTL), and the Brookes FDTL. The General Counsel for the Department of Defense released a Brady notice this week with two studies (one Navy, one Air Force) that determined that leakage during shipment of a positive sample can cause other samples in the box to test positive. In other words, even if bottles are closed tightly in the box, there can be cross-contamination based on the loose positive urine in the box.
As background, once the drug testing is completed, the bottles should already be in an open box that holds twelve bottles (called a batch). The box is then taped closed and wrapped in a garbage bag and placed in a second box. In the study, the labs placed positive samples that were lightly tightened in batches of clean urine and shipped them to and from each other. When the labs received the samples boxes back, they opened and tested the samples.
By instruction, when a box is received and there is leakage, the lab technician is supposed to mark a discrepancy code for all bottles in the batch. This discrepancy code should then be reported in the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.343931
Retrieved Text: Drug abuse is a massive problem in the Western world, especially in countries like the United States. This means that many private employers are investigating whether they should introduce mandatory drug testing and screening for existing workers and applicants.
Drug testing in the workplace is nothing new. It’s been something that federal agencies, including the Department of Transport, have implemented for some time. But private companies are also beginning to realize that there are distinct benefits to testing, many of which can help them to save money in the long term.
In most cases, whether or not to test for drugs is a decision that is often left to employers. In some safety-sensitive industries, like transport and logistics, as well as federal agencies like the Federal Aviation Administration and the Federal Highway Administration, drug testing is mandatory. But other than that, employers generally have free rein as to whether they want to implement a screening policy or not. Even though drug testing isn’t a requirement, many employers ultimately decide that they do want some kind of screening procedure in place. The biggest reason for this is to avoid legal liability. In some cases, an employer might be held legally liable if an employee under the influence of drugs causes injury to themselves or others at work. Drug and alcohol use at work may also violate health and safety laws, as outlined by the OHSA, meaning that businesses could face a federal lawsuit.
The second reason, and perhaps the most important from a financial perspective, is the effect that drugs

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.242853
Retrieved Text: A drug test is a chemical analysis that detects potential drug consumption through examination of a submitted biological sample. This sample is often urine but can also be blood, breath, saliva, sweat, or hair samples. Hair testing is increasingly used because it can detect long term use. A drug test reveals the presence of the drug itself or at least one of its metabolites.
Drug tests are generally done as a screening test first (this can be done as an on-site test or at a laboratory) and then sent to a laboratory for confirmation testing if an initial positive result is returned or if there is a problem with the submitted sample. On-site screening tests are often referred to as POC, or point of collection, tests and can be done quickly. They are often named based on the number of drugs or drug metabolites they can detect. For example, a 5 panel drug test tests for 5 drug classes and a 10 panel drug test looks for 10 drug classes. Confirmation tests are usually completed in certified laboratories using equipment such as a gas chromatograph/mass spectrometer.
The illegal drugs that are generally screened are: amphetamines, cocaine, opiates, phencyclidine, cannabinoids, hallucinogens. Prescription drugs can also be tested for illicit use: morphine, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, methaqualone, methadone, and propoxyphene. Other substances such as inhalants and anabolic steroids can also be tested.
In the workplace, employers have the right in most jurisdictions to test their employees to detect illegal drugs use and alcohol abuse in order to try to maintain a safe workplace.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.04202
Retrieved Text: Meth lab found in local hotel room.
Keen observations by two Thatcher,Arizona Police officers Saturday led to the discovery of a mobile crystal methamphetamine lab set up in a room at the Quality Inn and Suites in Safford,Arizona.
Officers Josh McClain and Steven Carter were taking part in an Eastern Arizona DUI Task Force deployment when they noticed a 1997 red Ford F150 with a large crack in the windshield heading east on Highway 70.
The officers pulled over the truck near the intersection of Highway 70 and Fifth Street in Safford,Arizona and discovered an open bottle of beer.
The police then ordered the driver, Kyle Barnhill, 44, and his passenger, Gayla Barnhill, 35, out of the truck. A search of the vehicle was conducted, and officers located chemicals consistent with the manufacture of methamphetamine.
According to Thatcher,Arizona Police Chief Mark Stevens, once the chemicals were found, the officers immediately notified the Graham County,Arizona Sheriff�''s Office, Safford,Arizona Police and the Department of Public Safety.
�''The harmful nature of these chemicals for contamination is why we alerted the other agencies,�'' Stevens said.
Officers quickly learned the suspects were staying at the Quality Inn, and a search warrant was issued.
A chemist and a HazMat crew from the DPS processed the scene.
According to Quality Inn general manager Tammy Mayhew, the suspects hadn�''t compiled all of the chemicals necessary to cook meth in the room.
While the DPS did not order the hotel to test the room for contamination, it strongly recommended it.
Mayhew said her company has contracted an environmental cleaning company, Bio-Pro out of Phoenix,Arizona to test

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.992655
Retrieved Text: I've been working in my company for almost 6 years, I don't apply for any other position. Lately my employer has given me some form to fill, I understand from insurance company. I believed all of us employees are insured already and only I got those papers now. HR claims that is just something insurance company wants me to do, it nothing changes, it's not because of my sickdays (I was off because of stress and depression)but I HAVE TO fill it and give it to my HR. My questions are: can they just like that force me to fill that papers? What if I don't want that insurance? Can I say 'No, thank you' or I have to fill it? May be that just an excuse to make a drug test to me, for example? Is the drug test the next step if I gave back this form? I'm nervously waiting for your answer. Thank you.
You need to know what the form is for. Why do you "HAVE TO" fill it out? Why do they want it? If it is a health questionnaire, there must be a reason for it, and there could be some repercussions from completing it.
I suggest you just act confused and say you haven't applied for anything so you don't understand what it is for and why you have to complete it. If they try to blame the insurance company, ask for the name and number of the agent or company so you can find out more.
If your employer provides group

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.97563
Retrieved Text: Is a Drug Test Required before Getting Health Insurance?
There are numerous ways in which substance use can negatively impact your life. Some of the biggest repercussions of drug use include the negative effects it can have on your health, well-being, relationships, finances, and employment. However, there’s another way that drug use could negatively impact your life, and that’s securing health insurance.
Whether you have a long history of substance abuse or you have used drugs recreationally, if you are applying for a new health insurance policy, you might be wondering if your prospective provider will require you to take a drug test before they grant you a policy. As with all matters regarding the health insurance industry, the answer is: it depends.
Health insurance providers do reserve the right to require would-be policyholders to take a drug test; however, it is not required by all companies, nor is it a requirement for all policies. If a drug test is required, you will be asked to submit samples of your blood or urine, and these samples will be analyzed to determine if there is a presence of illicit drugs in your system. If it is determined that there is a substance in your system and the levels are indicative of abuse, you may be granted coverage, but there’s a very good chance that your premiums will be higher; or, the insurance company may refuse to provide you with coverage.
As stated, whether or not a drug test is required depends on the insurance company and the type of policy you

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.930038
Retrieved Text: Canada’s medical marijuana industry was birthed in April 2014 when the federal government introduced rules that compelled medical marijuana patients to purchase their “medicine” from a licensed cannabis producer.
In April 2016 – just 2 short years later, the Financial Post reported that, “Health Minister Jane Philpot announced the Liberal government would be introducing [marijuana legalization] legislation next year.” By 2017, marijuana producers may be able to add recreational users to its market.
It’s not legal yet but the federal government has mandated a task force to review how to legalize, regulate and restrict access to marijuana. The findings returned by the task force in November will lay the groundwork for the government to unveil its plans next year.
A central argument for the legalization of marijuana is the cost of enforcement. From a 2002 report, the annual cost of enforcing marijuana laws (police and courts) was $500 million. In the proceeding 14 years, the costs have surely risen.
Why The Push To Legalize Marijuana?
44% Of Canadians Have Used Marijuana : 44% of Canadians say they have used marijuana at least once in their lives (CAMH).
20% Used Marijuana Last Year : Almost 1 in 5 or 20% of Canadians are reported to have used marijuana in the last year.
More Than 30% Would Use It If Legal : Over 30% of Canadians said they would use marijuana if it was legal.
More Young People Use It : 34% of young people have used marijuana in the last year.
Most Used By Males : Marijuana use is more prevalent with 23% of males using

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.923864
Retrieved Text: You should checkout CLmedical for all of your drug screening needs. They have a hair strand drug test that can trace amounts of a variety of drugs going back three months. They have a random drug test that can deter the use of drugs. They can do an alcohol test and a pre-employment drug test. This company can handle all of your Employee drug testing in the uk needs and if you want to Find out more about drug testing, you should visit their website. You can get many drug kits from them as well such as a cocaine drug test, opiate drug test, morphine drug test and single drug test. They have the latest news concerning drugs and FAQs that can answer a lot of your drug questions. So what are you waiting for? If you are looking for a premier drug screening company, you should checkout Clmedical today, and see how they can help.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.905163
Retrieved Text: There is a lot of uncertainty and nervousness that goes along with drug testing. Many people do not understand the process, the different types of tests, their rights, or reasons behind drug tests. Really, there is nothing to be afraid of when it comes to a drug test unless you have done something wrong. They are usually painless and minimally invasive and take only a few minutes to take. Depending on the drug, several different types of tests can be used.
Drug testing can make almost anybody nervous, even if they have no reason to be. It is a peek into a person’s private life, into their personal self. And sometimes things tend to go wrong, results are misread and misconstrued for some reason or another. We have all heard the stories about the person who ate something with poppy seeds and then later tested positive for opiate use and got into trouble, or overheard somebody trying to scam their way out of getting caught with positive test results. Surely there is a market out there for the people who are trying to fool a test, as any search done on the internet will attest to with thousands of search results. So, what is the big deal about drug testing?
Really, there is nothing to be worried about if you have not done anything wrong. Drug tests for the most part are simple and non invasive. Most focus on collecting some form of body sample. The most common tend to collect urine or saliva. More complicated tests may

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.806385
Retrieved Text: My i-remedies are quite effective against some types of bacteria (such as staph, strep, etc) even against some drug-resistant forms. However, there are complications caused by antibiotics, some of which are not recognised officially.
Bacteria are single-celled organisms which are larger and more complex than viruses. Bacteria in the right places can be helpful, for example in the digestive tract, where they help with digestion. However, in the wrong place, they may cause disease. Furthermore, there are bacteria which cause disease, wherever they are located - in the main, it is these which we are focussing on.
Bacteria can cause pus in cuts in the skin (staphylococcus), sore throat (streptococcus) or respiratory tract infections (strep, staph), or more serious infections such as gonorrhoea, syphilis or tuberculosis. The normal approach to treating bacterial infections is with antibiotics, and you are strongly advised to use or consider using antibiotics. However, antibiotics have several disadvantages.
For example antibiotics can kill off or deplete the good bacteria in your digestive tract. Antibiotics can also have side effects, which occasionally are severe. Furthermore, antibiotics do not boost your immune system and sometimes may weaken it. So whilst a course of antibiotics may get rid of an infection, it may leave you depleted. Furthermore, antibiotics can cause the development of drug-resistant strains. Bacteria are good at sharing DNA, so that drug-resistant capabilities spread rapidly. In effect the fight between antibiotics and bacteria is a war zone, which we are currently loosing. My i-remedies can helpin this battle because they work in a completely different way.
Part

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.699604
Retrieved Text: Imagine you arrive at your high-achieving child’s charter school in the morning and learn the school, without warning, closed. A sudden and unexpected closure happened this week to a local charter school in my area. Financial hardship is typically the reason for a charter school closure.
What leads to the financial hardship can take a few different paths. In my opinion, all paths lead to mishandling funds in one way or another. Bankruptcy can be the result of overpaying salaries, excessive expenditures, or both, as well as embezzlement.
The hardest failure to swallow is because of the type of financial hardship in the research I’m sharing this week.
BLOG POST #139: This week, I’m sharing research on a specific criminal case involving the founder and principal of a kindergarten – 12th-grade charter school.
Sadly, there was another senseless shooting this week, in a small Northern California community about three hours from where I live.
When shots were heard the school staff reacted quickly and placed the school into lock down seconds before the shooter arrived at the school. A local law enforcement spokesperson said to reporters, he believed the fast-acting staff saved lives.
As horrific as this type of event is for all who were touched by the tragedy, it also triggers memories for many others who were connected to other school crime events. My heart hurts for all who have suffered from this cruel act.
BLOG POST #130: This week, I’m sharing research on a specific criminal case involving a school district’s Chief Executive Officer.
Before becoming the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.672796
Retrieved Text: Define For Forensic Use Only | What does For Forensic Use Only mean?
The term “For Forensic Use Only” and “For Criminal Justice Use Only” means that these drug testing kits or supplies are not cleared for use by companies within the USA that are not testing directly for the US government. They are not FDA 510k Cleared and can put a company in legal jeopardy if used.
This means that these tests are restricted for sale except to those companies or agencies associated with the Criminal Justice System in the United States of America. These agencies include, but are not limited to, all law enforcement, correction, probation, courts, jails, government agencies such as the Coast Guard, DOD, Navy, Air force, Army and Marines.
Many manufacturers obtain FDA 510k clearance to insure consumer security. FDA 510k Clearance certifies that the employee drug testing device passes FDA standards.
For additional product security, all our drug and alcohol testing kits are shipped from a FDA 510k Cleared and ISO Certified Shipping and Storage Facility.
Be sure to be legal: FDA 510k Clearance alone does not guarantee legal protection. In the case of a positive test result with any instant drug testing devices, we strongly recommend that you verify the results by using our SAMHSA Laboratory Confirmation Testing service. Furthermore, ensure that you follow the Chain of Custody procedures properly.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.625341
Retrieved Text: Section § 382.301: Pre-employment testing.
Question 1: What is meant by the phrase, "an employer who uses, but does not employ, a driver * * * "? Describe a situation to which the phrase would apply.
Guidance: This exception was contained in the original drug testing rules and was generally applied to "trip-lease" drivers involved in interstate commerce. A trip-lease driver is generally a driver employed by one motor carrier, but who is temporarily leased to another motor carrier for one or more trips generally for a time period less than 30 days. The phrase would also apply to volunteer organizations that use loaned drivers.
Question 2: Must school bus drivers be pre-employment tested after they return to work after summer vacation in each year in which they do not drive for 30 consecutive days?
A school bus driver whom the employer expects to return to duty the next school year does not have to be pre-employment tested so long as the driver has remained in the random selection pool over the summer. There is deemed to be no break in employment if the driver is expected to return in the fall.
On the other hand, if the driver is taken out of all U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) random pools for more than 30 days, the exception to pre-employment drug testing in §382.301 would be unavailable and a drug test would have to be administered after the summer vacation.
Question 3: Is a pre-employment controlled substances test required if a driver returns to a previous employer after his/her employment had been

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.61564
Retrieved Text: Overview – How Can Test Pure Platinum Magnum Force Help You?
Test Pure Platinum Magnum Force only slightly increases your chances of passing the urine drug test.
Test Pure Platinum Magnum Force, introduced in 1997, is one the “oldest” cleansing drinks for passing a urine drug test on the market.
Like most of the other “detox” cleansing drinks, Test Pure Platinum Magnum Force is designed to detoxify the body and restore body nutrient levels to normal for up to1 to 5 hours (known as the “detoxification zone”).
The detoxification zone starts 1 hour after you have finished drinking Test Pure Magnum Force Drink and lasts for up to 5 hours.
The Seller, “Test Pure”, states that no other product on the market works faster than Test Pure Platinum Magnum Force. However, we have not seen any proofs of this.
In summary: the main principals behind this program are to dilute the urine and add necessary vitamins and minerals. The goal is to beat the drug test, not to completely detoxify the body. Since, time of detoxing is only 15 minutes; it is highly unlikely to provide any significant body detoxification.
Time of detoxing is 15 minutes.
• 24 oz bottle Test Pure Drink, orange, lemon, cherry, grape or tropical flavor, fortified with B-complex and creatine.
Minimum 72 hours before using Test Pure Platinum, you must STOP using marijuana. The longer you refrain from using marijuana, the easier it is to mask the toxin in your urine.
On the drug test day, begin your cleansing program with Test Pure Platinum Magnum Liquid. Shake the Test Pure Platinum

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.591509
Retrieved Text: Will car insurance companies drug test?
Many consumers find the most competitive car insurance rates by shopping online and using a comparison tool.
Drug testing is used by many different entities to help determine qualifications, fault, or even health information.
Whether you are applying for a new insurance policy or have recently been involved in an accident, you might be wondering if car insurance companies will perform any type of drug testing.
Though both situations will require gathering information from you, generally, neither requires a drug test.
However, drug testing can be legally requested of drivers by local law enforcement or even doctors who treat you after a car accident.
What is required when applying for car insurance?
Is a drug test possible when a claim is filed?
Who can request a drug test?
It is highly unlikely, if not completely unheard of, that any car insurance shopper would ever be asked to submit to a drug test when applying for an insurance policy.
You should be prepared to give this information when visiting with an insurance agent or when comparison shopping for auto insurance online.
Maybe a rock flew into your windshield, you hit a deer, or someone hit you. For whatever reason, you need to file a claim with your insurance company.
While you should be worried about reporting the incident as soon as possible to your car insurance company, you should not worry about having to submit to a drug test when or after you file a claim.
While driver should check their individual insurance contract carefully, as the protocol can vary from one insurance company

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.409706
Retrieved Text: The Owner-Operator Independent Drivers Association (OOIDA) has clarified points made in the April 11 article, "Closing drug-test loopholes could hit driver availability."
OOIDA asserted that a positive drug test does not force forfeiture of an individual's CDL (commercial driver's license).
"A positive test means the individual is not allowed to perform safety-sensitive functions until he or she completes the SAP [Substance Abuse Professional] process," OOIDA noted, pointing out that Washington and North Carolina "are the only states that require a driver to surrender his or her CDL until the SAP process is complete."
As stated in the article, the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration's (FMCSA) Commercial Driver's License Drug and Alcohol Clearinghouse opens for registration in October. Beginning January 6, 2020, employers will be required to query the clearinghouse on all prospective applicants, so anyone seeking a new job or changing jobs will have to be registered with the clearinghouse – even if they have never tested positive for drugs or alcohol – in order for the employer's query to be answered, according to an FMCSA source.
OOIDA emphasized, however, that drivers' records prior to the establishment of the clearinghouse next year will not be in its database, as is posted on the clearinghouse website. Given this information, OOIDA stated, past violations where drivers tested positive will not be able to be tracked in the database.
That protocol will be the same if the FMCSA were to implement hair testing in the future: "positive results will be required to be reported to the clearinghouse just as urine collections are now, but

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.307579
Retrieved Text: Major changes to conflict-of-interest rules, including a ban on doctors giving promotional talks for drug companies, have been recommended by a task force of doctors and health professionals at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
In addition to banning so-called dinner talks, the group said, doctors should be required to disclose specific amounts, to within $1,000, of money they receive from drug and medical device firms.
The task force of 15 doctors and other health care professionals acknowledged that financial relationships with industry companies can undermine patient trust and threaten the integrity of the medical profession.
"People need to trust their doctors and know that when they provide care, they are only acting with their best interests at heart," said James Stein, a UW cardiologist and co-chairman of the task force.
The recommendations come as UW and other medical schools have been under intense scrutiny over the pervasive influence of drug companies that have poured huge amounts of money into academic medicine. Critics say the money is used to increase sales of expensive, brand-name drugs as well as pricey medical devices.
The Journal Sentinel last month began publishing stories about conflicts of interest among UW doctors. The newspaper also has reported on drug company funding of professional courses offered to doctors though the university's continuing medical education department.
If implemented, the recommendations would represent a solid conflict-of-interest policy, said Jerome Kassirer, a distinguished professor at Tufts University School of Medicine and former editor of the New England Journal of Medicine.
"It's one of the better ones I've seen," he said.
The big question is whether the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.304317
Retrieved Text: Can employers require drug testing?
Yes. The drug and alcohol testing that occurs in a workplace depends on the employer's drug-free workplace policy. For businesses that must be compliant with the Department of Transportation (DOT), the DOT — along with the specific agency the business works under — will require particular testing.
Is it legal to drug test a potential new hire?
Yes, there are no State or Federal laws prohibiting drug testing after an offer of employment is made.
Not a good idea from a liability prospective. Just think about what you will do if the person tests positive. Your best practice and to be safe from liability is to have a drug free workplace policy prior to drug testing employees. Custom written drug testing policies are available from US Drug Test Centers.
What do I do if I think my employee is under the influence of drugs or alcohol?
You have to have a reasonable suspicion to drug test an employee who you think is under the influence of drugs or alcohol. This reasonable suspicion should be documented and made by a supervisor who has received supervisor training on signs and symptoms of someone whom may be under the influence of drugs or alcohol. This training is available from US Drug Test Centers.
How do I know if I need my employee to have a DOT drug test or a Non-DOT drug test?
DOT covered employees are those that work in a DOT safety sensitive position and defined by the DOT Agency that regulates your business. There is a tool that you

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.299234
Retrieved Text: The drug test is mostly done today to find the drug percentage composition of the blood, urine saliva, hair or even sweat. Most of the leading organization do conduct regular drug test so as to establish that the people around are not using their drugs. There are also drug testing kits that can be used at home and the following are the basics about the procedure.
Drug testing is an important practice so as to establish that the athletes, job applicants, criminal offenders, participants of rehabilitation programs are free from the drugs. You should, however, ensure the drug tests are not something new to you and not put you down especially when you’re looking for new job. knowing about the different drug test kits will ensure that you undergo the drug test at your home.
There are various methods that can be used to test the drugs in the body. The saliva test and the urine test are not much complicated and you can achieve the results at home when you invest in the test kits. Most of the chemist do sell the drug test kits and you should look for the best prices so as to purchase them. Some of the things that can be tested includes the hair, the blood, nails, and the saliva.
Most people fear the use of the home drug test kits because of the likelihood of the wrong results. You will, however, get the best results from the home test kits when you go for that right types of the products. You should

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.220057
Retrieved Text: Following up with our interview with creator Josh Finney and actress Denise Poirier, we have this week the first half of Titanium Rain, the searing Audie-nominated, Mark Time-winning war story by the Audiocomics Company (created by Josh Finney and Kat Rocha).
AudioComics and Finney are teaming up again as they seek to produce Utopiates (Support it on Kickstarter!!!), a story about a special kind of drug that allows you to swap personalities with another person. It takes place in a grim cyberpunk world reminiscent of Bladerunner or the works of William Gibson.
Titanium Rain gives you a flavor of what this combo can produce – a war story of the 21st century. In 2031, mankind’s survival instinct is put to the test when a civil war in China spirals into global conflict. Nations are destroyed. Millions are killed. And for many, like US Air Force pilot Alec Killian, survival will mean shedding some of his humanity in exchange for biotech and machine. Is this the ultimate corruption of nature, or the birth pains of a new chapter in mankind’s evolution?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.177462
Retrieved Text: We’ve all heard about someone getting drug tested and it coming back positive for an illegal substance even while that person has never done drugs in their life. Can you believe that there are companies who don’t take the one step further to verify 100 percent? Some of these companies are Fortune 500 Corporations who take it for granted that a simple urine or saliva drug test is the “end all, be all” of drug testing. “Well if the urine test has come back positive for Opiates, then that person must be taking Opium!” WRONG! Just because a person’s test results have come back positive for opiates doesn’t mean they are taking Opium. Maybe you should have asked some pre-test questions or follow-up work with that person, including asking them what prescription medicines do they take, what over-the-counter medicine have they taken in the past 24 to 48 hours, or what did they eat for breakfast prior to taking the drug test? If the answer to that question is a Poppy Seed Bagel, then you can either move on using your better judgment, or to be 100% sure, you should go for a lab confirmation. All these questions have answers that do have an effect on the results of any drug test. Did you also know that a life-threatening disease can change the body’s chemistry enough to have “positive” results on a urine drug test? What’s worse is, that person may not even know they have a disease yet. We’ll talk more about that in another

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.174747
Retrieved Text: Have you ever been asked to take a drug test for work? Unless you work with heavy machinery or really, really sensitive equipment, or do hard labor for a living, the odds are slim that your boss ever walked into your corner office and asked you to pee in a cup citing “company policy.” Every day, people undergo drug testing as part of their employment requirements. It’s part of the overall safety protocols put in place by many organizations, but it often doesn’t make its way to the cubicle industry. We wanted to put some common drug testing myths to the test, especially where corporate America is concerned because unless you wear a hard hat to work every day, this is probably not something you thought would happen to you.
Here are a number of myths about drug testing that you might want to consider.
False. It’s not mandatory unless your employer says it is mandatory. It’s a case-by-case basis kind of thing, but if your employer says yes, then you should be ready to pony up a urine sample anytime, anywhere.
If you mean someone can give you a fake drug test, then sure. But you can’t “fake pass” a drug test. You can’t hydrate the hell out of your urine either. Drinking liters of water before a drug test is not going to help. Only time can reduce the presence of drugs in your system.
Some people think if they work up a big sweat before a drug test, they can rid their body of the chemicals they

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.162645
Retrieved Text: Q: My Company wants to institute a drug testing policy that would automatically disqualify an applicant for employment if they test positive for illegal drugs, including medically-prescribed marijuana. Is this legal?
A. The law regarding the responsibility of employers to accommodate medical marijuana use continues to evolve as more states pass laws allowing for marijuana use for medical and recreational reasons. In Pennsylvania, for example, the law is silent as to whether an employer can rely upon a positive drug test as a reason to reject the applicant for employment. However, the statute lists specific areas in which employers may prohibit employees from working while under the influence of marijuana – operating or controlling government-controlled chemicals or high-voltage electricity, performing duties at heights or in confined spaces; and performing tasks that threaten the life of the employee or his/her coworkers. By implication, outside these specified areas, employers may be required to accommodate marijuana use, so long as it does not occur at work.
In New York, the law goes even further, providing that certified patients shall not be subjected to “disciplinary action by a business” for exercising their rights to use medical marijuana. A patient with a prescription for medical marijuana in New York State is considered to have a “disability” under the New York State Human Rights Law. This means that New York employers must provide reasonable accommodations to employees or prospective employees who are certified to use marijuana for medical reasons.
The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court recently ruled that employers may be held liable for disability discrimination

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.151318
Retrieved Text: Providing a drug test specimen is one of those experiences people don’t quickly forget. The entire process can seem foreign and filled with unknowns. Even our own employees can sometimes be surprised at the intricacy that makes up a drug test collection. From the point of view of the person taking the drug test – often referred to as the donor – there are some tried and true ways the drug test collection process can be optimized to result in a positive and hassle-free experience.
With more than 8,000 collection sites, including 1,300+ company-owned and operated Patient Service Centers (PSCs) and 1,500 preferred third-party collection site locations, we offer unparalleled access to a nationwide network of drug testing sites. The life of a drug test specimen begins at a collection site, where strict chain of custody procedures are used every step of the way to ensure the integrity of specimens collected.
Scheduling appointments for drug tests, allowing adequate time for each appointment, and considering the busiest hours of the day at a site are some of the most critical components in the drug testing collection process. Here are three additional ways employers and donors can create the optimal experience at a Quest Diagnostics Patient Service Center.
Locate a convenient PSC using our online scheduling tool before sending someone for his or her drug test collection.
Once a site is selected, schedule one person for each available open time slot. Allow ample time for individuals to complete their collection.
It’s important to avoid sending multiple donors at one time without appointments. This

================



======= Instance Index 38 =========
Input Text: Given that She hated to think of his sister lying in hospital waiting for her husband to come to her while all the time he was with Dana. She gripped her hands tightly together. Dana didn't know Berenice was in danger of losing her child. Therefore, it must be true that "Berenice was in danger of losing her child"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 26.82809
Retrieved Text: Berenike II was a ruling queen of Cyrene by birth, and a queen and co-regent of Egypt by marriage to her cousin Ptolemy III Euergetes, the third ruler of the Ptolemaic dynasty of Egypt.
In approximately 249 BC, her father died, making Berenice ruling queen of Cyrene. Soon after her father died, Berenice was married to Demetrius the Fair, a Macedonian prince.
After Demetrius came to Cyrene, he became the lover of her mother, Apama. In a dramatic event, Bernice had him killed in Apama's bedroom. Berenice stood at the door and instructed the hired assassins not to hurt her mother while she attempted to protect Demetrius.
After the death of Demetrius, Berenice married Ptolemy III. Soon after her second husband's death in 221 BC, she was murdered at the instigation of her son, Ptolemy IV, with whom she probably was associated in the government.
Obverse: BEΡENIKHΣ BAΣIΛIΣΣHΣ or abbreviated, head of Berenike II right, hair in a bun.
Reverse: BAΣIΛEΩΣ ΠTOΛEMAIOY, eagle standing left on thunderbolt, wings closed.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.337368
Retrieved Text: As her style developed, Berenice abandoned figurative representation for total abstraction, in which geometric or freely composed forms created rhythmic and harmonious compositions. The multifaceted experiments of this nature have been described as depicting her own ‘floating cosmos’. As is witnessed in another featured painting, Untitled (1983), (illustrated right) the vortex-like compositions of these later works generate a dynamic structural frame that expresses joy, exhilaration and the artist’s extraordinary freedom of spirit.
Says Jennie Fisher, Head of Pictures, Dreweatts 1759: ‘Mallett in association with Dreweatts 1759 is very excited to present this exhibition of works by Berenice Sydney.
Saatchi Gallery provides an intimate venue and the unique opportunity to review and re-position her work within the wider spectrum of 20th century British art. Her vibrant paintings and works on paper reflect influences as diverse as Greek mythology and flamenco dancing, all executed with a flamboyant lyrical style’.
Berenice Sydney (1944 – 1983) was born in Esher, Surrey in 1944 and educated from the age of six at the Lycée Français Charles de Gaulle in London. From her early years, she studied ballet with Marie Rambert and classical guitar with Adele Kramer. As an adult, she trained at the Dance Centre in Covent Garden and attended flamenco dance studios in Hampstead and New York City.
In addition to reading the classics and studying mythology, she was fluent in five languages. She was enrolled at the Central School of Art and Design but left formal art education to set up a studio in Chelsea. She participated in over 40 exhibitions before her

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.073952
Retrieved Text: Berenice IV was the oldest daughter of Auletes (Ptolemy XII Neos Dionysos) and ruled for three years during his exile. At the beginning of his exile, she co-ruled with her mother Cleopatra V Tryphaena until the mother's death about a year later. Berenice ruled as sole regent and was expected to marry.
The one selected was Seleucus Kybiosaktes. After a few days, she had her husband strangled. The second man she chose was Archelaus. Her father finally paid out enough money and was brought back to Egypt. Archelaus' army was defeated and Pompey suggested that Auletes be returned to the throne. One of his first acts was to have his daughter, Berenice, executed.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.597801
Retrieved Text: Her discovery of the right field came in 1923 and seems to have been entirely serendipitous. The famous photographer Man Ray needed an assistant, but insisted on one without previous knowledge of the craft. Young expatriates must eat, and Abbott applied. Her lack of knowledge qualified her for the job. Soon she was printing for Man Ray and discovering that she immensely enjoyed doing darkroom work. Later, at his suggestion, Abbott began to take her own first photographs. Both were surprised to discover how good she was. By 1925, with the aid of loans from Peggy Guggenheim and from Robert McAlmon (one of the "charmed circle" surrounding Gertrude Stein), she had set up her own studio on the Left Bank. There she pursued portrait photography which absorbed her at that time.
A selection of images of the stream of notables who found their way to Berenice Abbott's studio are presented in this exhibition. Figures from the world of fashion and the haut monde of Parisian society mix freely with some of the era's legendary literary figures and artists, including the dadaists and surrealists out pour épater le bourgeois. Abbott presents them all with what one can only term an imaginative realism.
Each subject was extremely important to her. "I wasn't trying to make a still life of them," she has said, "but a person. Its a kind of exchange between people—it has to be—and I enjoyed it." (2) Formal posing was totally foreign to her approach. Her subjects tend to move casually; frequently they slouch. Occasionally perhaps captured

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.541565
Retrieved Text: Berenice Abbott (July 17, 1898 – December 9, 1991), née Bernice Abbott, was an American photographer best known for her black-and-white photography of New York City architecture and urban design of the 1930s.
Abbott was born in Springfield, Ohio and brought up there by her divorced mother. She attended the Ohio State University, but left in early 1918.
In 1918 she moved with friends from OSU to New York's Greenwich Village, where she was 'adopted' by the anarchist Hippolyte Havel. She shared an apartment on Greenwich Avenue with several others, including the writer Djuna Barnes, philosopher Kenneth Burke, and literary critic Malcolm Cowley.At first she pursued journalism, but soon became interested in theater and sculpture. In 1919 she nearly died in the influenza pandemic.
Abbott went to Europe in 1921, spending two years studying sculpture in Paris and Berlin. She studied at the Académie de la Grande Chaumiere in Paris and the Kunstschule in Berlin. During this time, she adopted the French spelling of her first name, "Berenice," at the suggestion of Djuna Barnes. In addition to her work in the visual arts, Abbott published poetry in the experimental literary journal transition. Abbott first became involved with photography in 1923, when Man Ray hired her as a darkroom assistant at his portrait studio in Montparnasse. Later she wrote: "I took to photography like a duck to water. I never wanted to do anything else." Ray was impressed by her darkroom work and allowed her to use his studio to take her own photographs. In 1926, she exhibited her work

########
Rank: 5
Score: 23.62686
Retrieved Text: Ruins of the Antonia Fortress, Jerusalem.
The younger daughter of the triumvir Mark Antony and sister-in-law of Tiberius. She was on friendly terms with Berenice (the daughter of Salome) and also with her son, afterward King Agrippa I. When Agrippa had dissipated his fortune at Rome and returned penniless to Judea, Petrus, a freedman of Berenice, bequeathed by her to Antonia, advanced him a sum of money. Although the promissory note was drawn for 20,000 Attic drachmas, Petrus gave him 2,500 less. Being unable to pay his debt of 300,000 silverlings to the Roman treasury, Agrippa fled from Jamnia to Alexandria, where the alabarch, Alexander, who was at the same time the guardian of Antonia's property (Josephus, "Ant." xix. 5, § 1), supplied him with money. Agrippa then went to Italy, and in order to appease the anger of Tiberius, borrowed the sum of 300,000 silverlings from Antonia and paid his debt to the treasury. Soon after he also paid the money back to Antonia. Her son, afterward Emperor Claudius (41-54),was educated together with Agrippa, and their mutual friendship proved to be a permanent one.
The accounts of Josephus in his Ant. and B. J. are perhaps taken from the lost works of Claudius Rufus (Mommsen, in Hermes, iv. 322).

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.223364
Retrieved Text: On behalf of Law Office of Nancy H. Boler posted in Child Custody on Wednesday, November 10, 2010.
Losing one's parental rights to his or her child is a drastic situation that has a significant effect on a parent's and child's life. Imagine not knowing that your parental rights were even in danger and then finding out that you lost child custody and your child has a new home with adoptive parents.
Such was the case for a mother who was living here illegally with her infant son. When authorities arrested the mother for identity theft, she was put in prison for about two years. While imprisoned, the immigrant mother's son was put up for adoption and quickly adopted by a Missouri family.
Did the family have the right to adopt the child while his natural mother was imprisoned? Now out of prison, the mother's attorney argues that no, the boy should not have been able to be legally adopted. His client's rights as a parent were violated when the court decided that being imprisoned is the same thing as abandoning a child.
Also, the legal documents regarding her son's adoption were never presented to her, and even if they had been, the mother could not have read them since no one ever translated them into Spanish. Her lawyer argues that not only have the mother's parental rights been wrongly terminated, but the system has worked against the norm in this specific case when it comes to child custody cases.
Courts dealing with family law cases involving children always keep the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.015371
Retrieved Text: This non-profit, licensed child care, serves children 4 years to 12 years. It is located in Frankland Community School.
Special Needs Resource staff, Berenice Amaya, 416-603-1827, Ext. 4224, is available to help this centre and the family when a child has an extra support need.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 22.870087
Retrieved Text: At the splendid finale of Miss Nicaragua 2017 held on 25th March 2017, Berenice Quezada was crowned as the winner. Berenice Quezada succeeds Miss Nicaragua 2016 Marina Jacob, and will now represent the country at the Miss Universe 2017 pageant.
23 year old Berenice Quezada, originally hailing from El Rama, holds a degree in Tourism and Hotel Management. By winning the Miss Nicaragua pageant Berenice believes that she can explore more on humanitarian activities.
At the same pageant, Helen Martinez was titled first runner-up and Martha Meza was adjudged second runner-up. Allison Herrera, Danielle Hodgson and Kathering Medina finished as Top 6 finalists.
The gala coronation of Miss Nicaragua 2017 started with the introduction of the contestants. The pageant then moved ahead with the contestants flaunting their toned body in the swimsuit round. After the twelve contestants showcased their “perfectly in shape body” in front of the judges, it was time to exhibit some grace and glamour as the girls walked the stage in all panache donning their evening gowns.
The top 6 finalist then went through a Question and Answer session, wherein each contestant had to answer one question put forward by the judges. Based on the Q&A round, the final result was announced.
Coming back to your valuable feedback, do you think Berenice Quezada can be the next Miss Universe?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 22.679693
Retrieved Text: Images of Maine by famed 20th-century photographer Berenice Abbott will be exhibited this fall at the Bates College Museum of Art.
Opening Sept. 13 and showing through Dec. 14 is the exhibition Selections from Berenice Abbott’s “Portrait of Maine.” Showing through the same period is Redefining The Multiple: 13 Japanese Printmakers.
Abbott (1898-1991) is well-known for her portraits of artists and intellectuals in Paris in the 1920s, her iconic photographs of New York City from the 1930s and her pioneering scientific photography of the 1940s and ’50s.
Among her projects was the documentation, in the early 1950s, of the entire length of U.S. Route 1, spanning some 2,370 miles from Key West, Fla., to Fort Kent, Maine. This adventure introduced Abbott to Maine, a state that so captivated her that she moved to the small town of Monson in the 1960s.
Abbott went on to create a significant body of work documenting life in her new home state. A Portrait of Maine, on which she collaborated with writer, artist and friend Chenoweth Hall, was her final book and comprises photographs from across the state in Abbott’s signature documentary style.
While Portrait was organized into themes of nature, work, play and towns, the Bates exhibition focuses on work, specifically logging in the mid-1960s, as the industry was entering a major period of change driven by technological advances and environmental concerns.
In particular, the practice of using rivers to transport timber was entering its final years as Abbott was making these images. While lumbering remains an important part of Maine’s economy, nowadays “it’s hard

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.41048
Retrieved Text: Dr. Jean Montrose had no doubt that the intense abdominal pain of Robertson Kelso, wife beater, child abuser, corrupt businessman, and Perth's most hated man, was appendicitis. She was also sure it wasn't fatal. But after his admittance to the hospital and an emergency operation, Robertson Kelso died. The, question is what - or who - ­killed him.
Police inspector Douglas Niven has a host of suspects who are glad Kelso is dead. On the top of his list is Dr. Hugh Kirkwell, the doctor who performed the operation. Now Dr. Kirkwell is in danger of losing his license and his freedom... unless Dr. Jean Montrose can diagnose the means, motives, and opportunities for homicide. But when Dr. Montrose gets the puzzling results of Kelso's autopsy, she needs to do some cutting of her own...to the bare bones of someone driven to madness and murder..

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.273857
Retrieved Text: SANTA ANA, Calif. – A woman who was wanted for beating and choking a McDonald's manager in a caught-on-video dispute over ketchup last month has been arrested, police officials announced Wednesday.
Mayra Berenice Gallo is shown in a photo provided by the Santa Ana Police Department on Nov. 28, 2018.
Mayra Berenice Gallo, 24, allegedly became enraged when she discovered there was not enough ketchup in the order when the incident occurred on Oct. 27.
After ordering in the drive-thru of the McDonald's restaurant in the 1500 block of North Bristol Street in Santa Ana, California, she went into the restaurant through the employee entrance and asked for more ketchup.
The manager told her she couldn't be in the building and Gallo allegedly "became combative" and started pushing, punching and choking the employee, police said.
Another worker tried to intervene and called other employees to help, the video showed.
A man who was believed to be with Gallo is credited with stopping the attack when he pulled the woman off the manager. The two then left the restaurant.
Police said in a news release Wednesday that they received numerous tips from the public on the woman seen in the video, which led them to Gallo. She was arrested Tuesday on a $15,000 warrant at her home in Santa Ana.
She was booked on suspicion of assault.
Police provided no new information on the man who was believed to be with Gallo during the incident.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.221088
Retrieved Text: The beautiful Kenyan socialist Risper Faith finally shares pictures of her newborn son.
Only last year in mid-December the Kenyan reformed socialist and reality TV star Risper Faith and her husband Brian Muiruri welcomed their first child together.
However, due to the enlarged amount of the media and public interests in Risper's firstborn child, the celebrity intended to keep her child away from the limelight.
But, not anymore. Risper Faith now wants the world to see a glimpse of her little prince aka her beautiful newborn son.
You may also like: Who is Emiliano Sala's Ex-girlfriend Berenice Schkair? Why is She Deleting Instagram Posts?
In a recent Instagram post of Risper Faith, all of her fans can see a picture of her son, since the young mother finally decided to display her child on her social media account with two hundred thousands followers.
As a matter of fact, the adorable picture of her son surpassed more than three thousand likes in a short span of time. And of course, as soon as Faith posted the picture, her fans quickly showered with many beautiful and positive messages in the comment section.
"So sweet dear, motherhood is the best gift,am 5days n loving it"
Faith shared the picture of her son on the occasion of him turning one month, explaining how he lights up her entire world, as she mentions in the caption section.
"I never knew I could love any harder than I already do,every time I look at you my heart is filled with joy, ,God has truly blessed me beyond measure...I love you so

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.719538
Retrieved Text: You would have thought survival instinct will always kick in and protect us from danger in the last second, but something was amiss in this child and we don’t know what.
Since Monday, a viral video has been circulating on Chinese social media platform WeChat which saw a child sticking his body out of the sunroof in a moving vehicle.
The video was taken by a passenger of a trailing car. In it, we could hear the driver and the filmer laughing and joking about the boy being killed by the upcoming low clearance sign on the empty highway. It was all fun and game as they thought it would be impossible for a person to not retract in point of danger. Furthermore, he seemed to be old enough to understand the danger as he seemed like a grown-up, early teen.
“Here comes the blood-splattering moment,” one voice said with a tongue in cheek as the vehicle approached the traffic pole.
Sadly, their senseless jokes came true.
The child remained static and knocked straight to the metal pole in high speed. The filmer was shocked that the child didn’t actually duck in the last second. The footage saw the boy laying backwards while his lower half body still remained in the car.
According to Shanghaiist, it’s reported that the child was 13-year-old and the incident happened in expressway near Jiangxi’s Xinyu city, China, last Sunday (Oct 28). Local media confirmed that the boy was killed by the collision and it was unclear why he didn’t get back down into the car or

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.6601
Retrieved Text: Glenn Gregory first came to prominence in the early 1980’s as lead singer in the seminal Sheffield electronic band, Heaven 17. He has worked continuously ever since, releasing a total of eight albums and touring extensively with the band, as well as being known as a musical collaborator with numerous other artists, from Tina Turner to John Lydon to La Roux.
Berenice Scott is a vocalist and amazing keyboard player who released an album of her own compositions, Polarity, in 2014. Over the last few years she has collaborated with Glenn on a variety of projects for film, television and stage, including their hugely popular Ziggy Stardust And The Spiders From Mars tour with original band members Tony Visconti and Woody Woodmansey.
Glenn and Berenice have now formed the writing and performing partnership, Afterhere. Their first commission as a duo was Liar, a new 6-part drama starring Joanne Froggat and Ioan Gruffud. Produced by Two Brothers Pictures for ITV, Liar is a 21st-century take on modern-day gender politics, family life and the insidious corrosiveness of deceit. Their most recent project was feature documentary Under the Wire.
Afterhere’s first album of original music, Addict, was released in August. A song from the album, a cover of Bob Dylan’s ‘All Along The Watchtower’, is the title theme of the new ITV series Vanity Fair.
Glenn Gregory s’est d’abord fait connaitre au début des années 1989 en tant que chanteur principal du groupe électronique séminal, Heaven 17. Il a travaillé sans arrêt depuis en sortant un total de huit albums et en faisant

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.412834
Retrieved Text: Junith Gayle Rhoades, 72, of Bradford, passed away January 28, 2019 at Unity Health – Harris Hospital in Newport. She was born September 22, 1946 at Bradford to the late Dallas and Elsie Foster Blanks.
Mrs. Rhoades was a beautician in Bald Knob for 30 years; she was truly one-of-a-kind and thought the world of her customers. Aside from her career, she was a loving wife, mother, and grandmother.
In addition to her parents, she was preceded in death by a son, Richard Lawrence.
She married Gary Rhoades September 19, 1980; he survives. She is also survived by two daughters, Berenice Jungers of Conway and Sharlotte Traill of Phoenix, Arizona; six grandchildren, Rachel, Joshua, Taylor, Ricky, Miranda, and Colton; as well as numerous great grandchildren.
Following Mrs. Rhoades wishes, she will be cremated. No services are scheduled at this time.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.39407
Retrieved Text: KEEPING up with kids over the summer holidays can be hard – but for size 28 mum-of-two Katie Gordon it was a nightmare.
Single Katie’s youngest son Finley, now eight, has autism and ADHD. He would run off at speed like his superhero idol The Flash — and her worries about catching up with him forced her to diet.
Now, after losing ten stone to slim to a size ten, beauty therapist Katie, 31, jokes that he struggles to keep up with her.
She says: “Any parent of a child with additional needs will tell you it’s hard work. But coping with Finley’s autism at my size was getting harder.
Katie, 31, from Biddulph, Staffs, had battled to control her weight since her teens. After giving birth to her first son Josh, 13, the weight piled on and she weighed 16st when she fell pregnant with Finley.
Katie says: “I thought that I was eating healthy things like cereal, pasta and sandwiches.
Katie was too big to play with her boys at the park and social events filled her with dread. She says: “I’d stand everywhere we went because I was scared of breaking a chair.” In August 2016, the boys were playing in their grandma’s garden when Finley suddenly dashed off.
Katie says: “Finley doesn’t see the danger in running off. I’d avoid places that were busy or too risky and always kept a careful eye on him. But he was so fast.
Josh ran after him while Katie — weighing 20st 10lb — plodded along in their wake. Finally Josh caught up

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.380949
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the picture gallery Berenice Bejo!
On this page you can find a photo preview Berenice Bejo on this page. By clicking your much-loved page you will directly view the high quality full-scale photo Berenice Bejo. There are both all technical characteristics and a photo description. You have an opportunity of downloading Berenice Bejo the image to whichever device. You may as well set an image as wallpaper.
At this time we present 68 photos of Berenice Bejo. We took them from varied open sources. They all are of the maximum quality. Our gallery is being endlessly updated with outstanding photos.
Our team has already gathered the best art photos, photoshoots, and numerous scandalous images Berenice Bejo.
Now we propose you to view the best pictures Berenice Bejo grouped by votes of our visitors.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 21.29032
Retrieved Text: Berenice Abbott was an American photographer known for her portraits and documentary photographs which stressed the communicative, even educational value of the photographic print. She pursued a realist vision in recording history and her own historical experience in order to potentially affect change in her audience. Her photographs purposely facilitated the interaction and dialogue between the photographer, the photographic print, and the viewer. Abbott's realist approach to photography stems from her career as a portrait photographer in Paris as well as the influence of Eugène Atget's photographic realism. After eight years in Paris, Abbott moved to New York in 1929 to document the modern transformation of the city. The resulting book Changing New York (1935-1938) received critical acclaim and has continued to resonate to this day.
For Abbott, the photographic image had to be honest, contingent, and objective to be communicative. In her own words, straight photography is: "precision in the rendering and definition of detail and materials, surfaces and textures; instantaneity of observation; acute and faithful presentation of what has actually existed in the external world at a particular time and place."
Abbott identified how photography, in particular science photography, could act as a friendly interpreter of the world to laymen and women. She accomplished this task through her photo book on Changing New York that summarized the city's modern transformation, and her science photography. Her ability to capture scientific subjects and endow them with popular appeal and scientific correctness enabled her to make physics visually comprehensible.
As collector and guardian of Eugène Atget photographic archive, Abbott performed

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.269535
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO (Fox 32 News) - A Chicago woman is sharing video of police officers raiding her house in what she says is an unacceptable and perhaps illegal way.
The Civilian Office of Police Accountability has opened an investigation into the raid, which was conducted last night in the South Deering neighborhood.
Donieshia Wade was returning home with her son to what had been a child's birthday party when she came upon police inside and outside her home. Children were crying.
Wade said that police did not immediately show her a warrant; instead, they tell her she can come see it at the station.
Apparently, Chicago police believed that a child was in danger at the home.
"It's traumatic," Wade said. "I've heard of things happening with CPD, and our society, and our community, and I've never experienced it first hand."
"If there's a child in danger, and there is someone who has been harming the child, and potentially someone who has been harming the child, it is in the best interest of police to go get the child," said attorney Exavier Pope. "That being said, this woman stated that the child was safe. She was not told why the police were not there in the first place, and later on shown a warrant and it appears the warrant does not have her address on it. Potentially that's why her rights may have been violated."
We reached out to Chicago Police and did not yet get a response.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.263388
Retrieved Text: Bernice Abbott: Changing New York.
The exhibition will be open from September 22 - October 29, 2018 in our second floor gallery.
Bernice Abbott was born in Springfield, Ohio, on July 17, 1898. She attended Ohio State University in Columbus with the goal of being a journalist but left after one year and moved to New York City. In the city she joined several friends associated with the Provincetown Players in Greenwich Village, where she worked small parts in plays and did modeling to support herself. Photography was not on her agenda at this time; her dream was to be a sculptor. Working as a model she posed for the photographers Man Ray and Nickolas Muray. She became close friends with Man Ray, who later on would bring her into photography. During the late teens in New York, she also participated in Dadaist publications and met Marcel Duchamp.
Abbott was seeking creative freedom, New York City and most of America did not offer that to women at the time. In 1921 after her recovery from influenza, she moved to Europe and studied sculpture in Berlin and Paris. In 1923 she was living and looking for work in Paris. Her friend Man Ray hired her to be his assistant in his photographic studio. Abbott took to the new medium of photography quickly. Man Ray introduced her to other photographers including Eugène Atget, whose photographs of Paris captured her interest. In 1926 Berenice Abbott had her first single artist exhibition and opened her photographic studio in Paris. She was successful. Some

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.909067
Retrieved Text: My boyfriend has another child with his ex, he is going to turn 2 in September. Every time I am around this child I can feel this knot in my stomach growing, I think its hate...or something like it. I resent this child, because I no longer have mine. How can I stop this? Its not his fault.
I can imagine how hard this is for you. I too struggled with a simular situation (not exactly the same) but I do understand. What helped me is reminding myself that the child that I lost would not want his/her mommy to be resentful towards another child but yet take the child under my wing and love him/her as I would have/do love them. I know it's different loving your own biological children compared to loving a step-child or other people's children, but just try to turn that knot into butterflies by beginning to try to love the child and taking an interest in who he/she is. Remember that it is not anyone's fault for the loss of your child especially not your boyfriends child. It's hard but you can do it. The loss of a child is a crazy/weird ride, but if given time it will make you a better person. I hope this helped you. Please write if you ever want to talk.
I used to feel that way a little too. I had to remind myself that I would never feel better about my situation if that child lost its life too, and I watched those parents

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.870258
Retrieved Text: Michelle Williams’s pink lipstick goes perfectly with her delicate, doll, features.
We like Angelina Jolie’s natural curls, but also the warm, honey, haircolour.
The updo and the braids that Berenice Bejo chose are a good example that not all the buns are boring.
Jennifer Lopez extended eyeliner and a touch of eye shadow inside the eyelid fold, outlines her beautiful eyes.
The perfect sleek ponytail gives Gwyneth Paltrow a very distinguished air.
Rooney Mara was a fresh appearance. I like her matte, porcelain skin, and her natural eyebrows.
Milla Jovovich wears a red lipstick that enhances her beautiful green eyes, and gives her a teenager look.
The chocolate-beije eye shadow that Shailene Woodley wears is an example that smoky makeup can be discreet.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.86288
Retrieved Text: This is our archive - a record of what we have been doing, with pictures and descriptions when we can get them!
When the date of the event is passed, the Number Crunch entry on the front page is deleted and recorded here permanently, the latest at the top.
Lovely to be able to attend Alexandra Palace October 2018.
Another great weekend focusing on Numbers, via readings, written and verbal communication with such amazing people visiting us at Stand 174. That lovely 12/3 intrigues me, work carried out in the quiet depths with awareness, and I am sure achieves great results.
Lots of activity from the group, Readings, Talk, Spreading the word on Numbers, the delightful digits of light, and the journey they take though and within us as we navigate life.
Thanks to: Berenice, Christoff, Gill, Gaynor, Hilary, Jane, Jax, Margarita, Mariela, Sonia. We gave talk, carried cases, created our stand, gave readings, answered questions, provided information, promoted Connaissance School Courses. Activity and friendship coming together for a successful weekend. Thanks to Jenny Myers and her friend for giving readings and supporting the stand Friday 19th.
Sonia gave a talk to about 20 people with about 10 more stood around and some of those people went straight to the stand for readings. Gaynor did an amazing job of coordinating.
"The Associations’ 25th AGM took place on the 22nd of September at the Coombes Community Centre – the same venue as last year.
We gave out the new AIN product, a lovely deep blue cotton tote bag with the logo from the brochure on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.74643
Retrieved Text: See entries that contain "fear"
definition 1: a strong feeling one gets when one expects danger or pain.
Her fear of fire is based on a bad experience.
definition 2: something that causes such an emotion.
His greatest fear is of losing his parents.
definition 1: to be frightened of.
definition 2: to be worried or in doubt about.
Kyle feared that he was being lied to.
Fear comes from fere, an Old English word. Its earliest meaning, in the 700s, was "danger or peril." It was not used for the feeling of fear until the 1300s.
having or showing no fear.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.716238
Retrieved Text: Famous for her tireless fight for the recognition of French photographer Eugene Atget, the American photographer Berenice Abbott (1898-1991) is also prominently known for her documentary project Changing New York (1935-1939). The exhibition Berenice Abbott (1898-1991): Photographs presented at the Jeu de Paume and by the Ryerson Image Centre at the Art Gallery of Ontario explores the different stages of Abbott's expansive career through more than one hundred and twenty photographs. In order to provide a larger context for her oeuvre, the exhibition will show her photographic prints alongside a series of never-before-exhibited personal documents (letters, book mock-ups, drawings, magazines, scrapbooks) and a collection of first edition books.
To accompany this retrospective, the catalogue focuses on four significant phases of the artist's output: Abbott's modernist portraiture of the 1920s, which grew out of her life at the centre of bohemian, artistic and intellectual circles in Paris and New York; her urban and architectural documentation of New York during the devastating economic crisis of the 1930s, which culminated in the book Changing New York; and Abbott's rarely seen, yet riveting photographic experiments, created in the 1950s, while employed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Boston, a period of Cold War politics and increased emphasis on scientific research in the United States. Last but not least, the exhibition and the catalogue also offer a unique selection of her photographs taken along Route 1 with the ambition to represent the whole 'American scene'. Each essay is richly illustrated with photographs and historical artefacts.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.703537
Retrieved Text: Northwestern University’s baseball stadium, now known as Rocky & Berenice Miller Park, has been the home of Wildcats baseball since 1943. Thanks to a $5 million pledge from Richard and Roxy Pepper and university fundraising efforts, Rocky & Berenice Miller Park was transformed into a premier Big Ten athletic facility.
The renovation was completed in two phases in order to accommodate the baseball season schedule. Phase one, completed prior to the 2015 season, included an artificial turf baseball field, pitcher’s mound, bullpens and new dugouts. Phase two, completed prior to the 2016 season, included a state-of-the-art clubhouse with locker room, players’ lounge, coaches’ offices, meeting room, training room, updated bleacher seating, concession stand and ticket booth.
TERRA provided site and utility design for the entire facility. Rocky & Berenice Miller Park displaced existing surface detention infrastructure for NU’s Trienens Hall, so centralized stormwater detention was provided in the aggregate subbase of the turf field for both the park and Trienens Hall and permitted through the City of Evanston and MWRD. New water services were provided for each building as well as a new fire hydrant connection on the north side. Site pavements were designed to be ADA compliant and a sidewalk was added along Isabella Avenue on the north side of the site to accommodate pedestrian access from the community.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.697075
Retrieved Text: A stunning satin violet nightdress decorated with beautiful lace embroidery and centre jewel. The matching dressing gown in the image is not included, but is available separately. Berenice nightdress arrives packaged in her own Irall box making her ideal for the gift market. Made in Europe and available in 4 sizes.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.688274
Retrieved Text: Julie Harris recreated her award-winning stage performance as tomboy Frankie Addams and made her motion picture debut in this poignant film based on Carson McCullers' critically acclaimed novel and play. Also reprising their roles from the Broadway play were Ethel Waters as Berenice the cook and Brandon De Wilde as John Henry, Frankie's young cousin. Director Fred Zinnemann was careful not to stray too far from the play, with the central themes of longing and loneliness resonating throughout the lead actors' heart-tugging performances. When her brother marries, Frankie decides she should go with the newlyweds on their honeymoon, to break free from the seclusion she feels in her emotionally turbulent, sheltered life. Harris was actually in her twenties when she filmed this, but her short hair and memorable portrayal of Frankie made her an almost-believable twelve year-old and earned her an Academy Award® nomination for Best Actress.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.644094
Retrieved Text: The Dangers of Teen Sexting - Dr. Gail Gross Ph.D., Ed.D.
Recently, I was interviewed by Ashley Johnson at Houston Fox Media concerning the danger of teens using live streaming apps. Since then, I have been thinking about not just the potential danger of teens live streaming photographs of themselves in compromising situations, but also the reason for this rise in messaging apps.
As a social animal, your teen learns a lot of her grownup behavior through modeling and imitating adults. A 24/7 media cycle has made celebrities not only part of our social culture, but also secondary role models for your child. Whether by accident or on purpose, celebrities are influencing your teenager — through fashion, makeup, cologne, deodorant, food, or “sexting.” In an effort to act grownup and mimic the actions of celebrities they admire, your teen may send messages and sexually-charged photos to her friends.
Sexting explicit photos online, to a minor, is unlawful.
Online messages with sexual content can open your child to sexual assault, pedophiles, and kidnappers.
When your child posts sexual online messages and images through her computer or cell phone, she is inviting into her bedroom the danger of strangers, who can cause her both harm and exploitation.
Celebrities and others can influence your minor child through the cache of wealth, power, and celebrity that appears to come simply through their sexuality. This gives weight to sexuality, as the vehicle through which attention fame and celebrity flow.
Besides making your child vulnerable, online chatting whether through messages or photos, sexualizes your child to predators.
Ultimately, the responsibility

================



======= Instance Index 49 =========
Input Text: Given that A: Yes, um, I think that Plano has really done a fantastic job. I mean, at least their plans are good. Um, however, I was, maybe you saw in the paper this morning that, um, they've had some problems with, the recycling on plastic, Therefore, it must be true that "they've had some problem with the recycling on plastic"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.349302
Retrieved Text: Disposal of plastic waste has emerged as an important environmental challenge in the Middle East where plastics make up as much as one-tenth of the solid waste stream. In affluent GCC nations, plastic waste composition in municipal solid waste is around 12 – 16 percent. Plastic waste in the region is continuously increasing due to increasing use of plastics in daily life. The Middle East is responsible for about 8 percent of the global plastic production.
Plastic waste is a source of greenhouse gas emissions and ecological damage. Majority of the items found on beaches across the region contain plastic which pose a serious danger to marine life. Plastic waste disposal is a major challenge due to non-biodegradable nature of plastics and such wastes are visibly present in landfill sites for a long time.
Recycling of plastics is one of the best methods for sustainable disposal of plastic wastes. Unfortunately, plastic is much more difficult to recycle than materials like glass, aluminum or paper. A common problem with recycling plastics is that plastics are often made up of more than one kind of polymer or there may be some sort of fibre added to the plastic (a composite).
Plastic polymers require greater processing to be recycled as each type melts at different temperatures and has different properties, so careful separation is necessary. Moreover, most plastics are not highly compatible with one another. Apart from familiar applications like recycling bottles and industrial packaging film, there are also new developments like covering pipes, window frames, roofing membranes and flooring.
Collection: This is

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.338352
Retrieved Text: Recycling vs. Upcycling: What is the difference? from Intercon – a look at upcycling before it became very popular [.] Understanding Recycling, Up-cycling and Repurposing and Sustainability. What does it all mean?
Recycling - An Important Part Of The Solution. The more we recycle, the less garbage winds up in our landfills and incineration plants. By reusing aluminum, paper, glass, plastics, and other materials, we can save production and energy costs, and reduce the negative impacts that the extraction and processing of materials has on the .
10 Solutions for Climate Change. . Improved agricultural practices along with paper recycling and forest management—balancing the amount of wood taken out with the amount of new trees growing .
Nature Canada – What's the solution to plastic pollution?
What's the solution to plastic pollution? . Finally, tossing these biodegradable bags in your recycling actually ends up contaminating the recycling stream since they aren't true plastics! The best solution to the problem of plastic waste may be the most fundamental: reducing its use. .
Our E-Waste Problem Is Ridiculous, and Gadget Makers .
For items with a lot of glue, like a tablet display, Sims Recycling Solutions heats the glue, then uses suction cups to apply pressure across the glass so it .
recycling rates.14 If certain materials are excluded from the collection then an explanation for this should be given to ers and advice on the nearest bring sites should be offered. Good education and customer care In order for kerbside recycling schemes to work, s need to be clear about what they .
This caustic

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.167213
Retrieved Text: The green movement of the 1970s formed the modern American recycling industry, although there is some concern today that it could be collapsing in many parts of the country, The New York Times warned.
“The sooner we accept the economic impracticality of recycling, the sooner we can make serious progress on addressing the plastic pollution problem,” said Jan Dell, an engineer who leads Last Beach Cleanup.
The report cited Philadelphia, Memphis, and Sunrise and Deltona, Florida, as metropolitan areas where the economics of recycling are not feasible anymore.
“We are in a crisis moment in the recycling movement right now,” California state treasurer Fiona Ma told the Times.
The major dilemma, per the Times, is China’s ban on imported plastic waste.
Recovered plastic shipments to China collapsed by 99.1% in 2018 versus 2017. The government halted mixed paper and post-consumer scrap plastic on Jan. 1, 2018.
It seems like Americans are recycling more than they need too, blending trash with recycled items, which triggered the Chinese to ban plastic waste shipments from abroad.
With China no longer a buyer of American post-consumer plastics, recycling and waste companies are now slapping municipalities with higher service fees.
“Amid the soaring costs, cities and towns are making hard choices about whether to raise taxes, cut other municipal services or abandon an effort that took hold during the environmental movement of the 1970s,” the Times reported.
Sunrise, Florida is now burning its recycled waste and transforming it into energy.
Philadelphia has also resorted to burning its recycled waste.
Just north of the Columbus metropolitan area, Ohio, Sims Brothers Recycling in Marion

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.785913
Retrieved Text: "Between 1990 and 2010—a period that saw almost feverish growth and investment in municipal recycling programs, education, and infrastructure—Americans have persisted in wasting more beverage containers than they've recycled," the Container Recycling Institute reports.
A new report from the Container Recycling Institute shows U.S. recycling rates for containers are and have been poor. Based on more than 20 data sources, from the beverage market to U.S. census tables, "Bottled Up: Beverage Container Recycling Stagnates (2000-2010)" indicates sales of disposable beverage containers grew 22 percent from 2000-2010, with per capita consumption up 8 percent over that period, but the rate at which we recycled the empty containers fell.
The non-profit institute's report showed 243 billion beverage packages were sold domestically in 2010—glass bottles, plastic bottles, aluminum cans, foil pouches, gabletop cartons, and other containers. Of these, 153 billion were either landfilled, littered, or incinerated. "This put the national wasting rate for 2010 at 63 percent, a nearly 10 percent increase over 2000, when the wasting rate stood at 59 percent, and a whopping 20 percent jump since 1990, when our non-recycling rate for containers stood at approximately 52 percent," according to the institute's news release. "In other words, between 1990 and 2010—a period that saw almost feverish growth and investment in municipal recycling programs, education and infrastructure—Americans have persisted in wasting more beverage containers than they've recycled."
The surge in bottled water sales and in sales of beverages consumed away from home are part of the problem. "Recycling rates have stagnated in large part due to a dramatic increase in

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.725822
Retrieved Text: that tends to pile up around ag operations.
René Skaggs, farm resource specialist at the Pierce Conservation District, thought she had solved the problem last year, but planned pickups at feed stores in the surrounding counties just weren’t happening.
“We were one step away from pulling the plug on the program,” she said.
Without a source for recycling, many producers were dumping their hay twine and feed sacks into the trash. “Some had even been burning their haylage wrappers,” she said.
In coordination with the Thurston Conservation District, Skaggs contacted Wilson Recycling, which had a reputation for consistent pickups and weekly calls for the materials it already handled.
Plastics that once were dumped or burned can be used in the manufacture of such things as siding, benches, truck cargo liners, beverage bottles and plastic bags.
He listed some of the ag materials his company handles: shrink wrap, lumber wrap, compost and bale films, sheet plastic, banding, nursery pots, baling twine, netting, irrigation line and feed, pellet and fertilizer bags.
The recycling center takes up about three acres of the eight-acre property just north of Shelton. Materials of all kinds are sorted into specific areas: metal, glass, electronics, plastic foam and grocery bags.
The 10 full-time workers at Wilson Recycling get the materials into marketable form. This means disassembling, cutting, baling, compressing and consolidating for shipment to end users.
Baker held up a trophy from the Washington State Recycling Association, honoring his company as 2011 Recycler of the Year. “This recognizes what we’re doing above and beyond,” he said.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.582897
Retrieved Text: The firms intend to invest in a wide variety of projects, including research and development into new recycling technologies, building infrastructure to collect and recycle waste, and cleaning of areas where plastic waste concentrates, such as in rivers.
David Taylor, chief executive of Procter & Gamble, who will chair the alliance, said industries involved in plastic production, use and recycling, had the ability to make a substantial difference to the amount of plastic waste polluting the oceans if they combined their efforts.
Rob Kaplan, chief executive of Circulate Capital, which invests in recycling and other projects to reduce plastic waste, said businesses would provide the answer to plastic waste, but it would take many billions in investment. “There is no silver bullet to the plastic problem. Different parties are trying to push their own agenda, but there does not seem to be an alternative at present,” he said.
Recycling, along with minimising waste, would be critical to removing the problem, he added, but the infrastructure to allow for widespread recycling was still lacking across much of the world, even in many developed countries.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.409874
Retrieved Text: Here at Fairphone, we’re very aware that our company is a bit of a paradox: it is our business to expose the flaws of the very industry we are a part of. This means that while we always strive to be fairer, greener, better, there’s no escaping the fact that we are also a part of the problem.
This organizational paradox is what has inspired our latest collaboration: meet vanPlestik, a 3D printing company based in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Like Fairphone, they are a small company thinking – and operating – outside the box. We’re all doing our best to cut down on plastic consumption, and vanPlestik is approaching the problem from another angle: local, cost-effective, plastic reuse and recycling.
Take a look behind the scenes of our collaboration with vanPlestik.
One of our main goals at Fairphone is to investigate and improve recycling methods. Our unique modular design already allows for a more efficient recycling process (not to mention ease of repair, reuse and repurposing). Our packaging is biodegradable, and we engage in multiple projects related to the circular economy. But there’s been something bothering us lately: 3,700 plastic slim cases that we had gathered for recycling. Obviously, we are huge advocates of “traditional” recycling and encourage everyone to participate in our phone recycling program, but we also want to think about different aspects of reuse, about the continuing value of the materials in our phones.
This is where vanPlestik entered the picture. They use plastic waste as raw material for their 3D printers, turning would-be-waste into high-quality objects

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.31406
Retrieved Text: Most of us go to great lengths to recycle our products, and feel pretty good when we dump our old envelopes and coffee cups into the designated paper bin instead of the regular trash. But now an expert in waste management has filled Vicky Gan from City Lab in on what actually ends up being recycled, and what holds up the process, and it turns out we've been doing it wrong all along.
To encourage people to recycle, most cities around the world give homes and workplaces bins broken down by plastic, paper or glass recycling bins. In some suburbs, these have been replaced by 'catch-all' recycling bins that take all these materials.
This has worked in one sense, because it gets people to recycle more and throw away less, but it's also led to much more contamination in the system. Because in reality, not all papers, plastic and glassware is made equal, and there's a lot more that dictates whether something is recyclable or not.
In fact, in Washington DC in the US, introducing larger residential recycling bins last year led to a 50 percent drop in the amount of profit that the city made from selling off its recyclables, according to a report by Aaron C. Davis over at The Washington Post. And they actually had to pay more to filter through the bins.
“By pushing to increase recycling rates with bigger and bigger bins - while demanding almost no sorting by consumers - the recycling stream has become increasingly polluted and less valuable, imperilling the economics of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.152042
Retrieved Text: FiliGrade b.v. had the solution to large-scale plastic recycling: the use of invisible watermarks.
FiliGrade B.V. has the solution for large-scale reuse of plastic in Europe. Plastic has fantastic properties, is often irreplaceable but the waste problem is great ... In fact, this is a sorting problem, if it can be sorted optimally, each of the fractions becomes reusable and therefore even has economic value.
Mixed plastic has virtually no application and therefore, it has no value. Since 2015, FiliGrade has been working on the problem of sorting and thereby recycling all kinds of plastics. The solution is that FiliGrade has developed a digital watermark that can be applied during the production of plastic products and/or packaging, cheap and efficient.
With this watermark, the plastic product has, as it were, its own DNA. Bottles - large and small -, dishes, crates, jerry cans and even films can be provided with a watermark. In the waste separation, the watermark is read and the plastic with watermark can be automatically sorted by its properties, after which many more plastics than now can be fully recycled. In the European context (PetCore), in close cooperation with producers, processors and the EU, is currently being tested which method will ultimately be preferred: watermarks or (chemical) tracers.
Recycling starts with optimal sorting. We like to come into contact with parties that are willing to apply our technology, such as plastic producers, waste collectors and recyclers.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.820456
Retrieved Text: CHELMSFORD -- The town won't be joining the trend of banning plastic bags for retail use, but it will ban polystyrene containers and plastic straws.
Town Meeting Thursday struck down the plastic bag ban 46-71. It approved the polystyrene (Styrofoam) cup and container ban 70-30, with three abstentions, and approved the ban on plastic straws and stirrers 55-45, with four abstentions.
The body suspended its rules to continue past 11 p.m. in order to finish the warrant Thursday.
Recycling Committee member Kevin Goscila said Chelmsford overall does a good job with recycling, and hasn't had to pay fines for recycling contamination.
"However, that doesn't mean we'll always be doing that good," Goscila said.
Plastic bags are, in general, a big problem at recycling facilities, because they clog up the sorting machines, he said. That slows the process down, resulting in additional costs that are passed onto communities, Goscila said.
Those bags then end up in landfills, where they take centuries to break down, he said.
Some precinct representatives said they already use reusable bags, and the switch was an easy behavior change to make. Many others said they didn't believe banning plastic bags would make a significant environmental impact, and could potentially harm businesses in town.
Precinct 5 Rep. Glenn Thoren said he thinks Chelmsford is a responsible community.
"To have the government come in and say, 'Look, we'll be responsible for you because you're not' -- that personally bothers me for a variety of reasons," Thoren said.
He said he believes educating the public on the appropriate use and disposal of such items is better

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.645609
Retrieved Text: Fourth graders at Desert Learning Academy have studied the dangers of plastics and seeking alternatives. Now, they want to share their findings.
A group of Palm Springs fourth graders has spent the school year studying and experimenting with different types of straws and packaging materials, looking for the best alternative to the plastics that continue to pollute the environment and harm animals.
But their work didn't end in the classroom.
Seven students at Desert Learning Academy are taking what they learned into the community in the fight to eliminate plastic straws, containers and utensils from restaurants, city events and district cafeterias. In the past several weeks, they've appeared at city council and school board meetings to rally public officials into action.
"Let me tell you about a very unlucky sea turtle," said Charlotte Ireland, one of the students at Desert Learning Academy. "They had to use special tools to pull the straw out of its nose. At one point it starts bleeding."
Charlotte was referring to one of the videos her teacher, Lynn Yada, shared with her class demonstrating the harm of plastics on sea life. Her students also learned about a dead sperm whale that was found with two flip-flops, 115 drinking cups, 25 plastic bags and four plastic bottles in its stomach.
These stories inspired the students to reach out to city officials and local business owners. On Wednesday, City Council members visited their classroom for a presentation on how plastic can harm the environment and the animals that inhabit it. The visit came after the students wrote to these

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.547915
Retrieved Text: China Industrial Continuous Waste Plastic Pyrolysis Production Line, Find details about China Plastic Recycling Machine, Waste Plastic Machine from Industrial Continuous Waste Plastic Pyrolysis Production Line - Jinan Eco-Energy Technology Co., Ltd. . Manufacturer/Factory Main Products: Tire Recycling Equipment, Tire .
Continuous Pyrolysis Plant Plastic Oil Machine Will Attend China International Solid Waste And Utilization Technology Expo 2014 , Find Complete Details about Continuous Pyrolysis Plant Plastic Oil Machine Will Attend China International Solid Waste And Utilization Technology Expo 2014,Continuous Pyrolysis Plant,Tire Recycling Machine,Tire To Oil Machine from Other Rubber Processing Machinery .
Our waste plastic to fuel oil conversion plant is quite a big pyrolysis machine that contains different parts with different functions, especially for a fully continuous plastic pyrolysis plant. To make sure a smooth running, it requires a high-quality of the plant.
· Kingtiger is the leading waste plastic to oil machine manufacturer and supplier in China. . 24H Non Stop Waste Tire Recycling Pyrolysis Plant With 50% . green energy top technology 24 hours non-stop continuous recycling waste tyre . . Beston fully continuous waste tyre pyrolysis plant can run for 24 hours a day without a stop and .
No matter what kind of plants you will run, including the waste plastic pyrolysis plant, the safety will go first. Beston can help you with equipment operation training. Fortunately, Beston waste tyre recycling plant is always under the fully-sealed condition to avoid explosion accidents.
If so, Beston– the most professional manufacturer in this industry in China, is the high-tech and industrial machinery for waste plastic recycling. The

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.334032
Retrieved Text: The author of the article is Richard Walker, who is the marketing manager at Reconomy.
Waste Recycling Infographic Vector Concept.
As of January 2018, China has placed a strict ban on the import of plastic waste. This has had a huge impact to the world, and particularly to Britain. Why do you ask? Well, prior to the ban, Britain exported around 500,000 tons of plastic per year to China.
In the past, China was happy to receive the waste material, as it could be recycled and used as part of its industrial expansion. According to The Telegraph, China used 7.3 million tons of plastic waste in 2016, which was enough recycled plastic to constitute half of the word’s usage. But, between concerns for the environment and growing issues with contaminated plastic waste being sent over to China, the country has drawn a line and is now refusing to be the world’s landfill. Countries are being forced to look at alternatives to deal with their plastic waste. But what can Britain do to handle its own plastic problem?
Reconomy, an expert waste management service who offer safe and compliant hazardous waste skip hire services, explores the issues Britain faces without China’s custom and the impact of our plastic tide.
One solution proposed is to look at other countries to export our waste to. Although no one has the recycling capabilities that China presented for plastic waste, places such a Vietnam could pick up some of the business.
Incineration is a problem all of its own: as The Telegraph warns, scientists have noted the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.016214
Retrieved Text: Lebanon — Now that China is accepting far less recycled materials than it once did, businesses and waste processors in New England see opportunities to find new markets and make new products from the goods that formerly landed in Asia.
Such was the subject of a recycling summit held at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center on Wednesday.
“I actually believe that China has done us a huge favor,” said Mike Durfor, executive director of the Northeast Resource Recovery Association, during a public forum.
Without the consistent market that China provided for recyclable material, the pressure will be on to come up with other ways to convert the materials — such as paper, glass and plastic — into new products. And the pressure is certainly on. The costs of recycling have risen over the past year due to the restrictions that Beijing announced to the World Trade Organization last summer.
“If we don’t face this head-on and do some planning … towns are going to have to pick between hiring police officers and teachers or paying their trash bill,” Durfor said.
D-H and University of Vermont Medical Center organized the forum to generate discussion in the Twin States about possible solutions.
Some communities have already begun to respond. Faced with increasing costs, some New Hampshire municipalities have made changes to the way they recycle. In some cases, they’ve resorted to putting materials in the landfill that previously would have been recycled.
But, Durfor noted Laconia might have acted without exploring other markets for glass that do exist.
Additionally, landfills are running low on space, which also is

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.866028
Retrieved Text: Plastic pollution is a huge problem facing our Earth, so let’s be part of the solution!
The convenience of plastic in our lifestyles is understandable, but it is the disposal of plastic that needs to be talked about. The simple task of opting for a recycle bin rather than a trash bin can help prevent this pollution. Here are some ways you can help tackle plastic pollution by reducing & recycling plastic and why it’s important!
Dairy product packaging such as butter or yogurt containers.
Once sorted, you can participate in your city’s recycling program and have it picked up. If your city doesn’t offer recycling pick up, you can always take your recyclables to a local recycling center.
If you’re out and about, keep an eye out for recycling bins. If you can’t find one, keep the recyclables in until you can get home and dispose of them properly. Plastics aren’t the only things you can recycle. For questions on other recyclables click here.
Reusable containers for snacks or meals on the go, washable utensils too!
Also, change up some activities!
Dine in instead of taking out. This will reduce the amount of styrofoam, straws, plastic utensils and bags you use!
Having a party or get together? Use real dishes! Using real dishes will cut down on your plastic usage for the evening. If your party is too large, make sure your recycle bin is clearly labeled for your guests.
Implementing some of these tips into your daily life can help reduce your plastic consumption and can help prevent plastic pollution. Help play your

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.85086
Retrieved Text: New research finds that hazardous chemicals are making their way to everyday items because manufacturers are now using black plastics from e-waste to make them. What kind of harm can the high demand for black plastics do?
There is a high demand for black plastics that are desired by many manufacturers for its color and durability. They are colored using a type of industrial pigment called carbon black, and is used in various products such as plastic utensils, coffee cup lids, CDs, and food containers. However, the thing that makes black plastics so desirable is also the same thing that makes it rather difficult to recycle.
Because of its dark color, optical sensors in recycling plants are unable to detect the type of plastic and hence cannot sort them out for proper recycling. When this happens, the black plastics are sorted as regular waste and end up in landfills. In fact, in the UK, black plastic accounts for 15 percent of all plastic waste.
The problem is that even as regular black plastics tend to go directly to waste, the demand for it remains high. Because of this, manufacturers turn to recycled e-waste to supply the demand for black plastics.
Every year, the world generates about 50 tons of e-waste coming from electrical equipment that are already considered outdated. Some of these items end up being recycled but according to researchers, such a practice may pose health risks because it may still contain toxic chemicals such as lead, bromine, and antimony that eventually get into the manufacturing of everyday items.
These

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.578354
Retrieved Text: Following my recent Keen For Green article about the efforts being made in Europe to cut down on energy consumption, I thought for my next article it would be interesting to look at the issue of recycling – and specifically, the recycling of plastic. This is a huge issue because here in the UK it has been estimated that five million tonnes of plastic are consumed each year – with 4.5 million tonnes entering the waste stream annually.
In early March the European Commission launched a Green Paper on plastics, looking at plastics disposal and recycling across the whole of the European Union. It discussed the fact that approximately half of all plastic ends up in landfill – which in terms of energy is the equivalent of 12 million tonnes of crude oil being buried each year.
The paper also drew attention to the big problem of single-use plastic carrier bags – in just one year in the UK, 2010, it was estimated that 200 plastic bags were used per person. This has led to radical proposals, including a total ban on plastic bags across the whole of Europe. Italy has in fact already implemented such a policy, having banned non-biodegradable plastic bags on 1st January 2011.
Other European countries have approached the problem of waste plastic bags by financially disincentivising consumers from using them. Bulgaria, Denmark and Ireland have introduced a tax on plastic bags, which in Ireland has seen a reduction in their usage of 90%. Such a dramatic fall has also been observed in the UK,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.572813
Retrieved Text: In the 1967 movie The Graduate, Dustin Hoffman plays the part of a twenty-one-year-old, freshly minted college graduate named Benjamin Braddock. To celebrate Benjamin’s graduation his parents throw a dinner party and invite a few friends over. At the party, one of the friends of his parents gives Benjamin some sage advice, just one word: plastics. Looking back at that simple bit of advice, it was so prophetic—plastics. Since then, the amount of plastics made and used on the planet has exploded. You would have to travel to the most remote corner of the Earth not to run into something made of plastic. This tough, durable material made from petroleum has been around for over a century and has been made into everything from drinking cups to parts of space vehicles. The problem is that it is so tough and durable it doesn’t easily degrade. That plastic spoon your mother used to feed you your baby food and then threw away is still around somewhere; hopefully it has been recycled into something else, but probably not. If it wasn’t buried in a landfill, then it may be washing up on some beach in Indonesia by now. We, the people of planet Earth, are literally swimming in our own plastic waste. This has got to change!
Plastics have been around a long time, starting in 1907 when Leo Baekeland invented the first synthetic plastic, called Bakelite, and coined the term “plastics.” Since then, clever people all around the world have developed new and more useful products from synthetic

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.519596
Retrieved Text: Eco-friendly e-waste shredder machine _ PCB recycling machine,cable wire recycling machine,E-waste recycling plant,precious metal refining machine system,E-waste shredder,plastic and metal recycling production line,copper electrolysis system-Zhengzhou Zhengyang Machinery Equipment Co.,Ltd.
Eco-friendly e-waste shredder machine suitable for shredding solid material such as e-waste, metal, wood, plastic, scrap tires, packaging barrel, pallets, etc.Depending on input material and the following process the shredded material can be used directly or go into the next step of size reduction.It is widely used in industry waste recycling, medical recycling, electronic recycling, pallet recycling, municipal solid waste recycling, plastic recycling, tire recycling, papermaking industry and etc.
Eco-friendly e-waste shredder machine adopt a process route that makes raw materials such as PCB waste (printed circuit boards) to be a mixture of metal and resin fiber powder by dry crushing and pulverization and then separates the metals from the non-metal materials such as resin by high voltage electrostatic separator.To avoid dust pollution in the process,we already add some air cleaning equipments for the solution of the problem of dust pollution with every index up to the national standard.
The Eco-friendly e-waste shredder machine materials by extrusion and shearing, Shear strength with a large, low noise, intelligent control and other characteristics. Intelligent opposite direction with the blade rotation, When confronted with too much material, the material is too large or the material hardness is too high, blade can automatically rotate to the opposite direction, to effectively protect the machine and motor.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.49552
Retrieved Text: Under China's New Rules, U.S. Recycling Suffers Recycling Is Crashing? Far From It. Plastic Straw Bans Face Blowback China's Foreign-Waste Ban Could Have Recycling Repercussions in America Two Environmental Buzzwords, Same Meaning?
Those unanticipated costs are among the primary reasons Wellenstein tapped a state grant to reach out and educate Lowell residents about what can and cannot be recycled. Wellenstein also partnered with the Recycling Partnership, a nonprofit that works with governments to improve recycling programs, to audit two collection routes of 400 homes. Before Wellenstein and his staff fanned out to inspect carts on the routes, the city mailed multilingual postcards to those households that illustrated in full color which items were acceptable and which were not. For the day of the audit, the team was armed with “OOPS” cards. If the team found a cart with nonrecyclable items, they would tag it and it wouldn’t be emptied.
Before the outreach effort, the two routes had a contamination level of about 30 percent. After the effort, which spanned about 16 weeks, the level fell to 20 percent. “It’s still not ideal,” says Wellenstein, “but we could tell that in that zone of 400 households, we made a difference.” Most of the time, Wellenstein reports, it only took one tag for folks to be more careful about what they recycled. Only a fraction of them needed a second or third notification.
Lowell is far from alone in running education campaigns to decrease recycling contamination. For example, last year, Elgin, Ill., and Waste Management wrapped up a “Recycle Often, Recycle

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.410591
Retrieved Text: There are takeaways in all this, but they don’t end with the need to make sure people are recycling the right things and a reminder of the country’s over-reliance on foreign recycling markets.
Put simply, we’ve got a serious consumption problem, and the state of recycling in Tacoma — and across the country — should serve as a wake-up call.
Recycling programs, for all their value, are more like a Band Aid than a cure — and they’re quickly becoming less and less feasible.
They might soon be obsolete.
For decades, these programs have had the perhaps unintended consequence of helping make Americans feel complacent or at least a lot better about all the stuff we buy and chuck into our big, blue bins.
“We are in a crisis moment in the recycling movement right now,” Fiona Ma, the treasurer of California, recently told The New York Times in a large piece about cities scrapping recycling programs because of increased costs.
In some cities chronicled in the New York Times piece, recyclable material is being burned for energy or sent straight to the landfill.
Luckily, according to Preston Peck, a project specialist with Tacoma’s office of Environmental Services, things aren’t as dire in the City of Destiny.
All of our recyclables are still being recycled, Peck says, though it’s getting more and more challenging and expensive.
In 2011, Peck says, the city actually had a monthly net revenue from recycling of about $100 per ton. The program wasn’t a money-maker, but it was breaking even.
Now, it’s costing the city about $100 a ton to do

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.334988
Retrieved Text: This is a perfect way of solving the plastic problem of our country.
This experience rewards me with some new and innovative ways to get rid of the plastic bottles and all other plastic products here on this island, by recycling. Therefore, I believe that this company should explore this initiative for this would help curb the amount of plastic products being dumped on our beaches,rivers and drains.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.315918
Retrieved Text: What is Common Sense Plastic?
Everywhere we look, we can see the usage of plastic in one way or another. This is a huge problem and there is no easy solution to this problem. The fact is that the use of plastic is so deep in our day to day life with various means of items that it might not be possible to get rid of plastic all together. However, we can take action to reduce the usage of plastic in our daily life. We can make a whale of a difference on the plastic usage by using our best judgement and common sense.
Solving the problem of plastic pollution may not as easy as just by recycling or cleaning up empty bottles, the truth is that the plastic causing the pollution can range in size from big to microscopic.
Simply, plastic pollution is when plastic has gathered in an area and has begun to negatively impact the natural environment and create problems for plants, wildlife and even human population. Often this includes killing plant life and posing dangers to local animals. Plastic is an incredibly useful material, but it is also made from toxic compounds known to cause illness, and because it is meant for durability, it is not biodegradable.
Recycling really doesn't cut down on plastic, as it uses the existing plastic to create new plastic products. The process of recycling plastic can also pollute the environment in many different ways.
There is no easy way out of Plastic consumption. Milk cartons are lined with plastic, and many products

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.224714
Retrieved Text: As recycling becomes more streamlined and technological, more questions are arising as to what can and can’t be deposited into recycling containers. Here is the low down on some things you might think are prime candidates for your recycling box, but really belong in the trash.
Many people think styrofoam is recyclable, but really it has no business in recycling containers. Many recycling facilities are unequipped to handle this difficult to process type of plastic. Styrofoam, also known as polystyrene, is a harbinger of contaminants and since most recycling facilities don’t clean items, styrofoam does not make for good recycling. It’s also flammable and difficult to break down, so you should try to avoid using it at all if possible.
People have probably thrown their pizza boxes into recycling containers hundreds of times thinking they’re recyclable. Even if the box displays a recycling symbol, chances are high the boxes can’t be recycled because they contain grease, which makes paper products non-recyclable. In fact, many food containers have the same problem. Anything that absorbs grease can’t be recycled, so this includes paper napkins, paper plates and paper towels. The good thing, though, is that these items can be composted!
Although these containers are made of paper, many of them have a thin layer of plastic coating that can’t be recycled. Some juice boxes are also lined with aluminum. That’s why most programs don’t accept them and why they don’t belong in recycling containers.
If items are manually sorted at a recycling facility, workers can’t open bags to see the contents, so

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.18539
Retrieved Text: How often do you think about plastic? We’ve produced more plastic in the last 10 years than the CENTURY before that. It has become such a mainstream part of society that we no longer question it. But the plastic problem on our planet is becoming a serious hazard to our oceans, with roughly 8 MILLION metric tons of plastic ending up in the ocean ANNUALLY. If you eat seafood, you are most likely ingesting some of those plastics unknowingly. It’s easy to ignore plastic consumption. After all, it’s recyclable, right?
Only 9% of all plastic produced actually gets recycled. When you put something in the recycling bin, the likelihood of it ending up in a landfill is high. That’s because our present recycling practices are inefficient and not economically viable. This is why the United States and many other developed countries shipped their trash to China. However, since China has stopped accepting most of that waste, including plastic recyclables, much of it has ended up in our landfills. Unfortunately, the solution to the plastic problem is not in recycling, which can only work with a really low cost of labor.
Many of the single-use plastics that you consume on a daily basis are not recyclable, such as plastic straws, utensils, and plastic bags*. These, along with the recyclable plastic we can’t afford to recycle, end up in landfills. From there, that plastic gets carried into streams by rainwater, which eventually flows into rivers, and finally into the ocean.
Recycling makes us believe the perception that we can continue our

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.136303
Retrieved Text: Greenwich implemented new single stream recycling rules on July 1. Some items that residents were used to recycling are no longer accepted.
There are also some items that are recyclable that may come as a surprise, including pots and pans and aerosol cans.
According to Patrick Collins, the Environmental Operations Manager at Holly Hill Resource Recovery Facility, three key items no longer accepted are plastic bags, shredded paper, and Styrofoam.
As for plastic bags and shredded paper, there are bins at Holly Hill to drop off clean, empty plastic bags and shredded paper. Also, next to the book swap is a small shed with a bin for packing peanuts.
Collins said many people are under the impression they cannot recycle pizza boxes.
“A little oil stain is okay. As long as the wax paper is removed and there is no food left in it.
The temporary shredded paper trash bin. Photo: Leslie Yager.
Collins described the single stream recycling process as like a scene out of a Dr. Seuss book.
Collins said the process also separates different types of paper.
The problem with small materials like shredded paper and even foil yogurt lids, is that they stick to other materials.
“You go to some of these packing plants and it’s like New Year’s Eve with packing peanuts and shredded paper flying through the air,” said Collins.
Collins explained that the exclusion of plastic bags in single stream recycling is perhaps the most impactful change.
Plastic straws must stay out of single stream recycling.
Collins said plastic straws need to stay out of single stream recycling.
As for cups, he said

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.126991
Retrieved Text: Plastic recycling has two halves: Plastic collection and reuse. The reuse technology has improved greatly in the last few years, while the plastic collection has slid some. PepsiCo Foundation has joined the efforts to bring back the consumer participation efforts.
Plastic trash must be separated from other trash, sorted based on the kind of plastic it is, then re-processed into resin pellets that can be shipped to plastic manufacturers such as Microdyne Plastics. Sorting technology has seen good advances in the last decade or two. Recent developments to combine recycled plastic resin with virgin plastic resin have improved to the point where many products can be made with 100% recycled material. Due to the higher costs, lower portions of recycled to virgin plastic can also be used. While certain uses (such as food or caustic substances) for containers prohibit the use of recycled resin, on the whole the sorting and reuse part of the industry is seeing rapid growth.
The problem with the plastic collection systems around the world now shifts to increasing the consumer participation and collection systems as the weak point. The Environmental Protection Agency states that plastic (PET) bottles and jars are recycled at the rate of just 29.9 percent and HDPE, high-density polyethylene bottles at 30.3 percent.[i] HDPE bottles can be recycled ten times, but consumers need to put them in the recycling bin first!
Emerging countries are the worst offenders. Ocean Conservancy reports says that Asian Pacific countries, China, Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand and Viet Nam make up 60% of the world’s sea plastic.
To

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.123455
Retrieved Text: If your community has curbside or drop-off recycling, it's easy to recycle things like newspapers and empty bottles. What about the stuff your friendly recycling crew doesn't pick up? Find out where to recycle everything from Crocs to printer cartridges.
Most towns and cities have recycling programs that cover basics like plastic bottles, tin cans, paper, and so on. When it comes to recycling other items like carpet, paint, prescription drugs, and smoke detectors, however, things get a little trickier. Over at the blog of the home-centric magazine Real Simple they've gathered together a list of ideas and contacts for recycling many common—but not easily recycled—household items.
The companies and resources on their list will recycle everything from old shoes to prescription glasses to tires. If you're decluttering your house and garage this spring make sure to check the list before tossing out your no longer needed items—things like eye glasses, shoes, and prescriptions will go to destitute third-world countries instead of your local land fill.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.071117
Retrieved Text: Although France is growing more conscious of the need for recycling, it is not entirely a priority. Some homeowners have recycling bins inside the home, although many find that the bins create a problem with space. Some store bins outside of the house. There are large, public containers throughout the cities that accept paper, plastic and glass.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.025978
Retrieved Text: In the late 1990s single-stream recycling emerged. Suddenly, laziness didn't hold water as an excuse not to recycle.
When recycling took off in the United States in the early 1990s, the environmentally conscious were instructed to sort their recyclables into separate bins. Paper went into one bin, plastic in another, glass sorted by color into another bin. By the end of the decade, however, technology that allowed single-stream recycling was developed. At last, even the laziest among us had no excuse to avoid recycling.
Under the single-stream recycling system, all recyclables go into a single bin. At the recycling plant, recyclables are loaded onto a conveyer belt and pushed off in response to certain stimuli: Metals lift iron-based metals from the belt; puffs of air blow paper from the line, and so on.
Single-stream recycling has made curbside recycling a cinch, but getting your recyclables to the curb in the first place can be a chore. When it's 10 degrees below zero (Fahrenheit or otherwise), who wants to take an empty can to the recycling bin? Trash is easy enough to handle; we have trash cans in our kitchens to take care of that. Why don't we have recycling cans? It's no problem to buy a plastic bin or to use a bag to hold recyclables until you're ready to haul it to the curb. Like all trash bins, though, these containers can fill up pretty quickly.
­Enter the all-in-one-recycling system. These bins accept every recyclable imaginable into one several-gallon bin -- glass, paper, plastic, cans and more. Much of

================



======= Instance Index 20 =========
Input Text: Given that The other set being in the pocket of Giovanna's overall from which she now drew them and held them up making it clear that they would be relinquished only upon her death and then only into the hands of Signor Kettering. What had occurred was quite contrary to the wishes of the padrone who would be outraged if he ever got to hear of it. Despite this disastrous beginning however Giovanna would be there in the morning her own family circumstances permitting and she would be much obliged if the Signora would make sure that her children were up and dressed and the breakfast eaten so that she could see that the house was returned to something like the order which Signor Kettering expected of it. Therefore, it must be true that "the house was returned to something like the order which Signor Kettering expected of it"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.532858
Retrieved Text: Home » ★★☆☆☆ » Signor Sassi. Dinosaur spotted in Knightsbridge.
Signor Sassi. Dinosaur spotted in Knightsbridge.
It is Friday morning at 10 am. I text my client, G, as we are meant to be meeting for lunch on the Monday and nothing has been booked yet. Where are we eating and are you booking something? I am worried that we are leaving it too late.
I am married to the wrong woman, he says, when calling me, post text, to discuss negotiate the venue. I suggest Palomar – I need to go back. No, he says, I don’t fancy. Okay then, how about Fischer’s, I say, thinking that he might really like that, even though I have been more times than is credible. Again with the no. Okay I say, I give up.
If we were married, what follows is a sentence which would never leave my mouth. You choose, I say. G’s tastes run to the traditional, and he suggests Scalini. No, I say, pushing my luck, I don’t fancy.
What about Signor Sassi, he says and I can feel that his patience is wearing thin. I confess that I have never heard of it. Never heard of it, he says? That’s it then. I’ll book it.
Down a little alleyway, at the side of the Bulgari Hotel sits Signor Sassi. According to its website, it opened in 1984 and has become “one of the most famous Italian restaurants in London.” It goes on: “Over the years it has become famous for its original simple Italian food and the atmosphere that

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.462948
Retrieved Text: Italy's new minority Christian Democrat Government, under the leadership of Prime Minister Guilio Andreotti, is in a precarious position of power -- relying on the Communist Party for survival.
Background: Italy's new minority Christian Democrat Government, under the leadership of Prime Minister Guilio Andreotti, is in a precarious position of power -- relying on the Communist Party for survival.
SYNOPSIS: Signor Andreotti led his government to President Giovanni Leone's residence on Friday (July 30) for the swearing in. The two leaders talked briefly before the ceremony. The new administration took office after a three-month absence of government.
The new regime has no majority in parliament, and will be able to survive only if the Communists abstain on crucial votes. This gives the Communists, who won 229 of the 630 seats in Parliament, more power than they have ever before enjoyed, being able to bring down Signor Andreotti's government simply by voting with his opposition.
The Christian Democrats won 262 seats in the last election -- less than half of the total. Signor Andreotti, who named 22 ministers on Friday and 47 more the following day, can only count on his own party in parliament. The Christian Democrats' traditional allies -- Socialists, Republicans, and Social Democrats -- have all said they will abstain in parliamentary votes.
The Communist Party did not immediately announce its official attitude towards the new government, but was expected to abstain in a parliamentary vote of confidence due within a week. Italy's western allies, meanwhile, particularly West Germany and the United States, have expressed their concern at the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.575655
Retrieved Text: An originally designed Infloor Heating System for a Colorado home continues to shine in comfort, performance, low environmental impact, and energy savings. Our customer, Dr. Gregory Kettering, a popular veterinarian, has returned to share his radiant experience and system success, backed up by three years of incredible tracking and charting of his energy use, costs, and production. With his home’s total energy use costing only $800/year, the proof is in the numbers.
In 2012, Dr. Kettering and his wife Dale built a spacious, comfortable, energy efficient home in picturesque Buena Vista, CO, surrounded by views of 14,000 foot peaks. Their green-home concept was to reduce their footprint as much as possible, use earth-friendly construction materials, and tap into one of our most powerful and abundant natural resources, the sun, as a clean, renewable energy source to heat water and generate electricity for space heating and general house use.
They called Infloor Heating Systems to design a heating system that worked with solar thermal energy for their two-story, 3,795 square foot home, powered solely by electricity. Infloor President Michael Willburn worked directly with the Kettering’s to design the system of their dreams. “This was one of our more complicated projects, and also one of our more exciting and meaningful ones,” said Michael.
Michael designed the heating system with Infloor hydronic radiant heating throughout the lower level, with nearly 3,000 feet of ½” BPEX tubing, spaced 9″ OC, divided into four zones. The smaller sized upstairs is heated by five panel radiators, which are set to the same temperature as the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.489746
Retrieved Text: The little old man waiting at the side of the road showed little interest as the coach approached. It was 8.30am, and the fields were red and gold in the early morning sun. There wasn’t bus stop in sight on this long isolated stretch of road that winds around the foothills of the Sicani Mountains in Sicily but the 6.30am Palermo to Palazzo Adriano coach screeched to a halt and the door wheezed open. The driver turned towards us. “Signor Giorgio! Look! It’s Signor Giorgio!” he cried. We turned our heads and watched as the little old man picked up his bag, and with a curt nod to the driver, clambered on board. Twenty minutes further down the road, Signor Giorgio tapped his stick on the floor. Here. The coach stopped again and Signor Giorgio made his way slowly to the exit. “At the corner” he said to the driver, “I will leave you something. A small something for your trouble”. The driver was visibly moved by the old man’s words. He heaved himself out of his seat, took off his sunglasses, flicked what remained of his cigarette out of the window and lunged towards the old man with his arms open and tears in his eyes “You are good man” he whispered, “such a good man”. Signor Giorgio, showing surprising agility for a man who walks with a stick, leapt down the steps and disappeared into a cloud of dust and smoke from the still-lit cigarette. The driver shrugged and sat back down. “He is

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.10048
Retrieved Text: Nucleic Acids Res. 2016 Jan 4;44(D1):D548-54. doi: 10.1093/nar/gkv1048. Epub 2015 Oct 13.
SIGNOR: a database of causal relationships between biological entities.
Perfetto L1, Briganti L1, Calderone A1, Cerquone Perpetuini A1, Iannuccelli M1, Langone F1, Licata L1, Marinkovic M1, Mattioni A1, Pavlidou T1, Peluso D1, Petrilli LL1, Pirrò S1, Posca D1, Santonico E1, Silvestri A1, Spada F1, Castagnoli L1, Cesareni G2.
Department of Biology, University of Rome Tor Vergata, Rome, Italy cesareni@uniroma2.it.
Assembly of large biochemical networks can be achieved by confronting new cell-specific experimental data with an interaction subspace constrained by prior literature evidence. The SIGnaling Network Open Resource, SIGNOR (available on line at http://signor.uniroma2.it), was developed to support such a strategy by providing a scaffold of prior experimental evidence of causal relationships between biological entities. The core of SIGNOR is a collection of approximately 12,000 manually-annotated causal relationships between over 2800 human proteins participating in signal transduction. Other entities annotated in SIGNOR are complexes, chemicals, phenotypes and stimuli. The information captured in SIGNOR can be represented as a signed directed graph illustrating the activation/inactivation relationships between signalling entities. Each entry is associated to the post-translational modifications that cause the activation/inactivation of the target proteins. More than 4900 modified residues causing a change in protein concentration or activity have been curated and linked to the modifying enzymes (about 351 human kinases and 94 phosphatases). Additional modifications such as ubiquitinations, sumoylations, acetylations and their effect on the modified target proteins are also annotated. This wealth of structured information can support experimental approaches based on multi-parametric analysis of cell systems after physiological

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.89438
Retrieved Text: Kettering General Hospital (KGH) provides acute hospital services to an urban/rural population of circa 300,000 in North Northamptonshire and South Leicestershire. The population is expected to grow by 50% by 2031.
In September 2011, QFI Consulting was commissioned by NHS Northamptonshire to conduct a 13 week ‘proof of concept’ launch of the QFI Discharge Jonah process on three wards at Kettering Hospital. The success in Kettering General Hospital has led to roll out across Social Care facilities in the county.
Reduction in length of stay of 20% - the length of stay at Kettering General Hospital was reduced from an average length of stay of 15 to 12 days in five weeks (See Table 1).
Based on the principles of the Theory of Constraints, QFI develop ward staff and service teams to implement the QFI Jonah approach. The emphasis is on knowledge transfer and the enhancement of leadership capabilities. Only by developing local teams and providing the necessary infrastructure can sustainability be assured.
The ‘proof of concept’ approach adopted at Kettering ensured excellent whole system buy-in. Evidence of increased demand for short term care packages resulted in an increase in funding to provide additional staff. In response to delayed transfers of care to rehabilitation services in the community, a ‘roving rehab’ team was set up to maintain/improve patients’ function whilst waiting for a bed. The process for listing and managing the flow of patients to community hospitals was reviewed with community colleagues. Trust and Social Care staff worked together to draft a ‘Choice’ policy to support families in seeking residential/nursing

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.889883
Retrieved Text: Kettering Health Network continues to employ a strategy used by itself and others to get health care out into the neighborhoods it serves.
The health network, which operates Fort Hamilton Hospital, plans to build a medical facility on land it purchased at 1391 W. Main St. The nearly 1.5-acre property sold Aug. 15 for $950,000.
Although plans for the facility are still being finalized, it is expected to include physician offices and outpatient services.
The facility will be constructed on the former site of Skating on Main, which closed Aug. 12.
The move is part of an emerging trend for health networks to offer services to residents in their communities.
That’s why, she said, health networks are opening places like the Hamilton Health Center, which is aimed at helping residents of downtown Hamilton via primary physicians and specialty health offerings.
Long said the Main Street project does not yet have an estimated cost, construction times or approximate amount of jobs it will create.
“This new medical facility represents our continued commitment to providing our community with greater access to health care,” said Fred Manchur, CEO of Kettering Health Network.
Kettering Health Network’s eight hospitals include Fort Hamilton Hospital, 10 emergency departments, and 120 outpatient facilities throughout southwest Ohio.
Kettering Health Network operates 14 other entities in Butler County, including outpatient services and physicians in Hamilton, Middletown, Oxford, Fairfield, Fairfield Twp. and Ross Twp.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.784595
Retrieved Text: Patrick O’Sullivan of Rockingham House, Rockingham Close, Kettering, had been served with a Community Protection notice by Kettering Borough Council’s Environmental Protection Officers in August 2017 requiring him to take steps to reduce the impact of loud music and raised voices on neighbours in the block of flats where he lived.
O’Sullivan continued to cause a nuisance and pleaded guilty to breaching the notice in July 2018. He was ordered to pay £1,230 in fines and costs and was subject to a three-year Criminal Behaviour Order, requiring O’Sullivan to not cause a noise nuisance to his neighbours. The court also granted a forfeiture order allowing the council to keep and destroy some of the equipment seized from the property.
The Council’s Environmental Protection Team continued to receive noise nuisance reports and evidence was gathered between the Police and Council Officers and on the Council’s noise recording devices. A further seizure of noise making equipment was carried out at the property and Mr O’Sullivan was summonsed to Court. After failing to attend court, O’Sullivan was arrested in November on the back of a Warrant obtained by Kettering Borough Council.
Mr O’Sullivan was handed a further fine totalling £3,015, was sentenced to 6 weeks in prison (suspended for 12 months), and is subject to a 9-month Community Order including 20 days Rehabilitation Activity Requirement. He has also lost possession of the majority of items seized from his property.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.501488
Retrieved Text: Master armorer signor Renato Arrighi, maker of the most prized armor in all of Italy, paced back and forth across the marble floor of his studio.
The duke is early, he thought; a week early. Why? No matter, we are ready: the new hinge works well, the helmet design has been improved and - He looked through the drawings of armor on his work table. Not finding what he had expected, he searched again.
Where are Lorenzos drawings? The duke will ask to see them. Signor Arrighi spoke softly to himself. He was trying to remain calm; trying not to be angry with his son. He looked up; the sound of heavy footsteps echoed through the armorys stone corridor. Where is that boy? Does he want to disgrace me?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.225859
Retrieved Text: Many relationships, from close family members to great friends have been strained because of misunderstandings and fights arising from troubles of being a co-signor in a loan. Indeed, agreeing to be a loan co-signor involves a lot of financial, legal and personal risks. What are these risks and their effects to the unwitting debt co-signor? How can one protect himself or herself from these risks?
When a friend or a relative wants to take out a loan, say a personal debt or a home mortgage loan, he or she may ask you to be a co-signor, especially if you have the right financial credibility that will improve someone’s chance of getting approved for a loan. Many who have co-signed for a loan do so to help a less established friend or relative secure an urgently needed money.
What should be clear to those who are being asked to co-sign a loan is that agreeing to such a role goes beyond signing on the dotted line and acting as a kind of guarantor that the person who is actually borrowing will not default on his or her payment responsibilities. Once you signed, it entails important responsibilities including accepting that in the future, you may actually shoulder the payment duties of the original debtor.
For many co-signers, signing a pledge of payment guarantee on behalf of another person’s loan was not a hundred percent free will. Being obliged to family, relatives or friends and simply finding it hard to say no and turn one’s back to a friend in need made

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.153475
Retrieved Text: The murder retrial of Chanel Lewis continues in Queens Tuesday. The victim’s mother is expected to testify sometime this week.
"One juror, an older white man, nodded theatrically during the prosecution’s opening statement, but sat stone-faced as the defense laid out their case."
epiphany and Hraefn like this.
GUILTY! Until I learned the mother of Karina had been at Sloan Kettering earlier that day I had reservations as to the defendant's guilt.
My hunch is that at least two jurors think the same.
And it's likely, IMO, that at least one juror was swayed against the defense after they called Karina "Katrina".
The lawyers for the man accused of killing Queens jogger Karina Vetrano can’t even get her name right.
Attorneys for accused killer Chanel Lewis called his alleged victim “Katrina” while cross-examining her grieving mom Catherine during a retrial Tuesday.
“Excuse me, her name is Karina,” the mom snapped.
<snip> “I was screaming in the street and an ambulance tried to put me in because I just had surgery. I saw my husband coming down the block and we just grabbed each other crying,” Cathie said.
<snip> <BBM> “Excuse me, her name is Karina,” Vetrano snapped after Lewis lawyer Robert Moeller twice misidentified her late daughter as Katrina.
<snip> <BBM> She [Mother of KV] testified for 40 minutes and never quite broke down, staying steady and calm, if a bit nervous.
<snip> <BBM> She [Mother of KV] had returned that afternoon after having surgery at Sloan Kettering in Manhattan. When she got home, she waited downstairs for her daughter.
Phil Vetrano . . .
He was then asked if

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.090246
Retrieved Text: The entrance to the Rivers Casino & Resort in Schenectady is pictured.
SCHENECTADY — The City Council has signed off on a resolution of support for Rivers Casino & Resort to offer “track odds” for horse racing.
Rivers Casino & Resort currently offers off-track betting, or OTB.
OTB payouts have fees taken out before winners are paid. The new program would eliminate that existing 5 percent surcharge, which means the payoff is the same as if the player is at the track itself.
The City Council quickly approved the measure, said City Council President Ed Kosiur, in order to allow the new program in time for the Kentucky Derby, which runs in May.
“It’s an opportunity to continue the strong relationship and partnership with Rivers Casino,” Kosiur said after Monday’s vote, which was unanimous.
Officials believe eliminating the fee will serve as an additional draw to the casino.
Language approving the program was in the state budget adopted last week.
Rivers Casino & Resort is the only casino in the state to offer live on-site horse betting.
If the shift is approved by the state Gaming Commission, Rivers would also be the only casino in the state to offer both sports betting and horse racing, a development Signor said will make the location “significantly more attractive” to players.
“It’s a winner for the casino, OTB and taxpayers,” Signor said in a phone interview on Monday.
City officials and OTB also contend track odds will increase revenue for both the casino and local governments, as well as benefit tracks statewide through increased participation.
OTB collected $1 million in gross

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.942192
Retrieved Text: About 800 people are expected to attend a huge esports event in Kettering next month.
The event, put on by epic.LAN, will take over the Kettering Conference Centre in Thurston Drive from 4pm on February 7 to 4pm on February 10.
It will see gamers come together under one roof to play not only for fun but for prize money in tournaments.
The event provides a stepping stone for people who want to make the leap from playing games in their bedroom to something more serious.
Managing director of epic.LAN Jon Winkle said: “There’s all walks of life at our events.
Esports is a huge emerging market with many around the work making a professional career out of it.
One single tournament in Canada recently had a prize fund of $26m with some tournaments in the UK offering prize funds of hundreds of thousands of pounds.
The Kettering tournament is offering prize funds from up to £1,750 to up to £5,000 on four PC games: Counter-Strike:Global Offensive, Rainbow Six Siege (18+), Rocket League and Starcraft 2.
About 70 per cent play for prize money with 30 per cent playing for fun with lots of other games available, including retro games.
There is camping, entertainment and food available on site, with many staying at local hotels.
Some players have gone from the events in Kettering to the international stage with international players entering tournaments in the town.
The company currently hosts about three events a year, with the biggest having about 450 people, so this will be the biggest yet.
Jon, who plays games for fun himself, said there

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.886951
Retrieved Text: One of Kettering’s landmark housing blocks has seen a major refurbishment as part of a £1.5m project.
As part of Kettering Council’s flagship Homes for the Future scheme, Montrose House in Hampden Crescent has been transformed into 18 modern flats - all of which are supplied by a state-of-the-art communal district heating system.
Kettering's mayor Cllr James Burton opens the housing block.
At a special open event, councillors joined staff and representatives from contractor Lovell to watch the mayor of Kettering, Cllr James Burton, officially open the redevelopment.
The event saw an open house and guided tours of the new flats, which have been finished to a high standard, with modern fitted kitchens and bathrooms, new flooring throughout and a brand new more efficient heating system.
The project has seen the building’s 11 three-bed flats restructured into 18 one and two-bed units, a move driven by a continued demand for smaller accommodation.
Cllr Mark Rowley, Kettering Council’s portfolio holder for housing and communications, said: “This excellent scheme demonstrates Kettering Council’s commitment to providing decent affordable housing for its tenants.
Built in 1927, Hampden Crescent has a number of pressing issues that have created a need for redevelopment.
It had solid walls and large rooms, which lead to high energy loss, draughty windows and poor sound transfer.
The flats were also poorly configured, and are unattractive to families due to having no gardens or immediate external area.
The remodelling includes two ground floor flats for disabled tenants, external wall insulation and soundproofing throughout. Tenants also have designated parking facilities.
John Conway, head of housing at Kettering Council, said:

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.863039
Retrieved Text: REISTERSTOWN, Md. (March 16) — The musical Annie, with its hopeful glow in a hard-knock life, closed Saturday after two weekends here at Franklin High School.
With the curtain closed, the lights dimmed, and the house brimmed with anticipation, we heard a trumpet and trombone duet rising in smooth tones from the pit. Then Annie (Emily Signor) took the stage and filled the air with a blossoming vibrato in a captivating soprano voice: “Maybe now this prayer’s the last one of its kind,” she sang, referring to her prayer to find her parents who dumped her at the orphanage 11 years ago.
A sophomore, Ms Signor said she was very excited to be participating in her fourth production at the high school, which is in Baltimore County, just northwest of Baltimore City.
But musicals aren’t just about the cast—they also involve dedication on the part of a pit orchestra, crew members, set builders, stage managers, sound engineers, and so on.
Even with all his wealth, Oliver Warbucks (Trevor Bower, in his seventh and possibly final show at Franklin) knows in the end that something is missing from his life. In his brief bio, Mr Bower quotes Ray Narvaez Jr, also known as the YouTube sensation Brownman or X-Ray, as saying, “We’re all friends; friends love each other.” That is our prayer, too—for our fellow Americans and for citizens of every other nation on Earth, in good times and bad.
Performed at Franklin High School in Reisterstown, Maryland, March 16–24. Music by Charles Strouse, lyrics by Martin Charnin, book by Thomas Meehan.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.859552
Retrieved Text: London’s £15bn Crossrail is to open nine months after its scheduled launch to allow more time for testing. The new route, to be known as the Elizabeth line was due to open in December 2018 but is experiencing a nine month delay with the opening not till autumn 2019.
One reason for the delay was due to having to integrate three different signalling systems, split between TFL, Crossrail and Network Rail.
However, despite the delay, experts such as Mr Flyvberg say that the Crossrail project has been more successful than most big infrastructure projects. Crossrail says the new line will connect Paddington to Canary Wharf in 17 minutes and increase central London rail capacity by 10%, something many London commuters will extremely appreciate.
Network Rail and UK Department for Transport initiated the Midland Main Line improvement in 2014 which included electrification of the line, remodelling the stations, upgrading bridges and tunnels and clearing lineside vegetation.
One section of the line between north of Bedford to Kettering and Corby is currently being electrified, which is expected to be completed by 2019. The electrification of the MMC located north of Kettering to Leicester, Derby/Nottingham and Sheffield is scheduled to be completed by 2023. Electrification is a vital aspect of Network Rail’s strategy to provide a safe, reliable and efficient railway, fit for the 21st century and beyond.
Between now and 2023 the MML will be electrified, have track and signals modernised, station platforms lengthened, bridges and tunnels remodelled and see new trains with more seating.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.820015
Retrieved Text: Judth Ellen Awuah-Darko was born on 15th march 1938 in Old Tafo to Opanyin Kwabena Akyeampong and Madam Janet Anima Akyeampong of blessed memory.
She obtained her primary and middle school education From Old Tafo Presbyterian primary school and St. Monica Middle School, Astante Mampong respectively. She then proceeded to Holy Child Secondary School, Cape Coast for Her Secondary Education.
After working for one year with then Ghana Library Board she proceeded to Hampstead Secretarial School, London, United Kingdom for 2 years, from1962-1963 to complete her formal education. She returned home and commenced her working life as the secretary to Mobile Ghana‘s personnel manager, a position she held for 2 years.
Whilst in the UK, she met Daniel Quarshie Awuah-Darko Though a mutual friend. Their friendship blossomed into romance that matured into their marriage, which commenced when they returned to Ghana; with wedding on 31st January 1965 till death did them part on 27th November 2005. Their union was blessed with four sons.
Mrs. Judith Ellen Awuah-Darko has had a successful entrepreneurial career as a wholesaler, combined with the role of an ‘executive’ house wife and devoted mother.
In October 2007, she was diagnosed with breast cancer, for which she received successful surgical treatment at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Centre, Department of Mammography, New York. A devout Christian, she has committed to establishing and promoting the JEAD foundation to assist less endowed breast cancer patients.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.624908
Retrieved Text: Kettering research has identified democratic practices that have everyday applications in the life of a community. Democratic practices are ways citizens can work together—even when they disagree—to address shared problems.
Democratic practices are variations on the things that happen every day in communities. In order for these routine activities to become public, citizens have to be involved. Yet this doesn’t mean that communities have to do anything out of the ordinary—they just have to do the ordinary in different ways. If the routine business of politics is done in ways that are open to citizens, the routines can become democratic practices.
How does this problem affect you and your family?
What should we do? What would be the consequences?
If there are negative consequences to what you propose, do you think we should still do it?
Who else do we need to solve the problem?
What resources do we need? What do we have that we can use?
Kettering has selected a set of terms that it uses to describe what is going on politically when people ask these everyday questions. Each term identifies one of the democratic practices just mentioned. When people talk about what bothers them, Kettering would say that they are naming problems. Naming is a political practice because the name that is given to a problem affects what is done to solve it.
When people talk about what can be done, they often propose options, and when all the options are put on the table, they create a framework for tackling a problem. The framing structures everything that happens thereafter.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.617409
Retrieved Text: Tranmere Rovers Futsal returned to winning ways with a 3-2 home victory against Kettering Futsal.
First half strikes from Gomez and Jackson saw the hosts lead 2-1 at the break and Jackson completed his brace in the second period to round off the scoring in a competitive contest.
The game started with Tranmere on the front foot controlling possession and their dominance was rewarded when Gomez opened the scoring in the third minute latching on to a rebounded shot and converting from close range.
Just two minutes later, the lead was doubled when Jackson struck powerfully into the top corner averting the reach of the visitor’s stopper.
Jackson was in the action once again soon after when he hit a low shot which was saved and bounced up onto the underside of the crossbar.
Kettering then began to show some attacking talent themselves. Rovers had the woodwork to thank after the Kettering player surged powerfully through the Tranmere rearguard and rattled the post.
Bickerstaffe, the man in goal for Tranmere, made an impressive save to preserve his clean sheet in the 11th minute, but just five minutes later the away side halved the deficit. A well worked set piece routine found the unmarked player on the edge of the area and he fired into the back of the net.
The second half followed the pattern of the first with Tranmere starting fast. Bryers almost added a third for Rovers in the 25th minute when his strike from the halfway line hit the bar.
The third goal did arrive two minutes later, when Jackson got

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.542494
Retrieved Text: — ﻿UPDATE @ 8 a.m: Donald Davies, the Endangered Missing Adult, has been located by the Hamilton County Sheriff’s Office, according to the Kettering Police Department.
As a precaution, he was taken to the hospital and will be reunited with his family soon.
UPDATE @4:15 a.m. 5/11/18: Donald Davis remains missing this morning, according to Kettering police.
UPDATE @ 6:20 p.m. 5/10/18: Donald Davies, the focus of an Endangered Missing Adult Alert, is known to frequent several specific locations in Kettering, police said in releasing more details about the man.
Davies is known to frequent the Lincoln Park pond, Dollar General, Trader Joe’s and Meijer, according to police.
He was on his way to the bank at 8 a.m. when he was last seen.
Call 911 or the Kettering Communications Center, 937-296-2555, if you see him or his vehicle or know of his whereabouts.
An Endangered Missing Adult Alert has been issued for an 88-year-old Kettering man with Dementia.
Donald Davies was last seen when he left his home on Ackerman Boulevard around 8 a.m. Thursday and hasn’t returned, according to the Ohio Attorney General’s Office.
Davies is described as a white male, 5-foot, 9-inches tall, 187 pounds, with gray hair and brown eyes. He was last seen wearing a red polo shirt, tan pants, tan shoes, and a black Adidas hat.
He is believed to be with his vehicle, a blue 2013 Chevrolet Malibu sedan with Ohio license plate BQ48VK.
If you see Davies or his vehicle, you’re asked to contact 911 immediately.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.356236
Retrieved Text: Old Bailey Proceedings Online (www.oldbaileyonline.org, version 8.0, 23 April 2019), October 1879, trial of VALENTINE SEMIBRAVE DOBROWOLSKI (33) (t18791020-906).
906. VALENTINE SEMIBRAVE DOBROWOLSKI (33) , Forging and uttering a receipt, with intent to defraud.
MESSRS. GRAIN and TICKELL Prosecuted; MR. METCALFE, Q.C., Defended.
royalty of 2d. to myself, the music being my own composition and my own property—the song was taken to the engraver's on I believe the same day 10th or 11th July—I saw Signor Foli about February, 1879; I had sold him my right to "The Tar's Return" for 10 guineas, and gave him this receipt (Dated February 5, 1879)—the song was sold to Madame Foli, who paid me, and a day or two after Signor Foli's return from America I gave him the receipt, dated on the day the sale took place, but he was not in London then—on 21st May this year I believe, I went to Mr. Poole's office in consequence of an appointment made by Mr. Chappie, and Mr. Poole showed me my original MS.—I had signed my name to the song, and it being an Italian name, in giving directions to the printer I signed again underneath in a back handwriting so that it should be clear enough for the printer to engrave it—there was not a very large space between the two signatures.
HERBERT POOLE . I am a solicitor, of Bartholomew Close—I have a subpoena to produce a song called "The Tar's Return"—I do not produce it; it is not in my possession—whatever information I possess on the subject I acquired

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.320063
Retrieved Text: There are a lot of things that people can share to make their burdens easier to bear, one of these things is cosigning for a financial agreement. Financial agreement varies from simple personal loans, long term business loans, payment installments and other agreements that require monetary compensation from one party. Cosigning in these financial agreements in its own appeal may sound right and even enticing.
Individuals who have chosen to enter in to such cosigning agreements would most probably end up losing more rather than gaining from the agreement. As a result, the credit scores and reports of those individuals who entered in cosigning deals will have to bear the same effects. This means that the individual who just signed the consigning agreement most probably as a favor will end up unnecessarily risking his or her own credit worthiness ratings.
In cosigning the co-signee is allowing the co-signer to access his or her credit worthiness ratings in availing financial services. People who usually use this strategy most probably have low credit worthiness ratings. They share their credit worthiness ratings to those who have high ones to be able to avail loans, installment plans and even card accounts.
The credit reports and scores of the two cosigning parties in a cosigning agreement are tied into one legal agreement. The two cosigning parties will bear equal legal and financial burdens during the cosigning period which means that the entire debt belongs to the co-signee as much as it belongs to the co-signer. The joint responsibility feature of cosigning is the same

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.30193
Retrieved Text: Loreto Rumbek School, is one of many Loreto schools and colleges worldwide to have been founded by the Institute of the Blessed Virgin Mary (IBVM).
IBVM itself was founded in 1609 by an Englishwoman Mary Ward (1585 – 1645); a Catholic from Yorkshire, whose aim it was to provide girls with an education comparable to that offered to boys at a time when there was almost no education for women.
She was a vigorous, determined woman who never gave up despite frequent opposition to her plans which were so far ahead of their time.
"I hope in God it will be seen, that women in time to come, will do much"
...gives us a glimpse of her vision for the future.
At the age of 15 she decided to be ‘wholly God’s’ but it was only when she reached the age of 21 that she was allowed to follow her dream of becoming a religious.
In 1606 she crossed the English Channel and went to St. Omer (Belgium) where she joined a Poor Clare’s Convent as a lay sister only to discover later that she was not to be a Poor Clare. She left the Convent; after a few more years of search and struggle she returned to England where she spent her time visiting lapsed Catholics and prisoners, helping and supporting priests and arranging for them to administer the sacraments.
One day in 1609 God showed her clearly that she was to do something else ‘more to the glory of God’ the exact nature of which still remained unclear to her.
Attracted by

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.264305
Retrieved Text: Softly and swiftly, sir, for the priest is ready.
at home, therefore leave us.
then come back to my master's as soon as I can.
I marvel Cambio comes not all this while.
Quietly and quickly, sir; the priest is ready.
I’m coming, Biondello. But they might need you at home, so leave us.
No, I swear I’ll make sure you’re safely married first, and then come back to my master’s as soon as I can.
I’m amazed Cambio still hasn’t come.
Sir, here’s the door. This is Lucentio’s house. My father’s is closer to the marketplace. I have to go there and leave you here, sir.
No, first you should come in and have a drink before you go. I order you to let me welcome you here. And there’s probably some food and drink being prepared.
They’re busy inside; you’d better knock louder.
Who is that who knocks like he’s trying to break down the gate?
Is Signor Lucentio inside, sir?
He’s inside, sir, but not available to speak.
Sir, here's the door; this is Lucentio's house.
Thither must I, and here I leave you, sir.
You shall not choose but drink before you go.
And, by all likelihood, some cheer is toward.
They're busy within; you were best knock louder.
What's he that knocks as he would beat down the gate?
Is Signor Lucentio within, sir?
He's within, sir, but not to be spoken withal.
two to make merry withal?
need none, so long as I live.
beloved in Padua. [To Merchant] Do you hear, sir?
What if someone brings him a hundred pounds or two, to enjoy ourselves inside?
Keep your hundred pounds to yourself. He won’t need

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.240688
Retrieved Text: Campaigners believe people power played a role in Kettering Town being able to strike a deal to purchase an area of land in the town.
The Poppies took a giant step towards a return home last weekend when it was confirmed that they had come to an agreement with Kettering Borough Council to buy the land, which is situated off Scott Road.
Ever since the Poppies left Rockingham Road in 2011, their battle to return to Kettering has been met with hurdles.
They spent an ill-fated 12 months at Nene Park, left vacant after the demise of arch-rivals Rushden &Diamonds.
A short spell at Corby Town followed before they moved to Latimer Park, where they still play.
Rockingham Road fell into ruin and, amid talk that then-owner Ben Pickering Ltd was looking to offload it, fans clubbed together to try to list it as an Asset of Community Value.
given the club the opportunity to match any offers from bidders.
But, despite hundreds of fans march through town to deliver a 4,000-strong petition two years ago, Kettering Council twice rejected the bid citing no evidence of the ground being in recent use and a lack of community support on the first bid.
Independent councillor and Poppies fan Cllr Michael Brown called for council leader Russell Roberts to resign over the decision, discussed at several fiery council meetings.
In between the first and second rejected bids from fans, the Poppies unveiled plans to re-develop Latimer Park into a 6,500-capacity stadium.
But many fans still harboured dreams of returning to Kettering itself instead of being in Burton Latimer.
Those

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.18851
Retrieved Text: May 30, 2007Auction was the most successful multi-con​signor baseball collectible auction in history.
May 30, 2007Tanner's Manners, music- and activity-​driven social skills and character values programs for children, answers pleas from parents to teach kids some manners with the new "Cool Kind Kid" Camp Kits.
October 01, 2004Higher energy/fuel costs for homeowner​'sthis expected this Winter. Residential energy auditing firm gives customers information needed to make intelligent, cost effective energy decisions.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.11773
Retrieved Text: There are many bodily indications to take into consideration if you feel your partner has been disloyal on your acceptance within Wellingborough which include becoming deceptive regarding their phones, careful modifications in language, clothing, in addition to proper grooming.
Marital monitoring in Northamptonshire is among the various marital services acquired at Private Investigator Northamptonshire that would be happy to assist with gaining you what is really going on and tangible proof that your partner is having an adulterous relationship in Kettering.
Your spouse is often considering his / her mobile phone on each occasion in home inside Rushden.
In case your partner does not let you know about the actual security passwords associated with their phone and the phone is definitely upon silent within Rushden, it's an indicator that there's something happening.
Small details, like many changes of wardrobe on a usual day, can be a signal that your spouse is cheating in Wellingborough.
So that you can profit the consumers get the response they want, Private Investigator Northamptonshire delivers assistance and also providers for the consumer inside Northamptonshire.
The next thing with regards to looking may be altered conduct as well as routines in your house within Kettering because they happens to be an indicator that he's chilling out a super deal with another person within Northamptonshire and achieving cheating.
When you spend lots of time together with other people be it inside Northampton or perhaps Corby it's just typical to take hold of several phrases and also qualities they've.
From Private Investigator Northamptonshire we can supply Matrimonial Query within Northamptonshire which are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.111483
Retrieved Text: Making its Edinburgh Fringe debut, Interactive Theatre International presents 'Signor Baffo’s Restaurant', an interactive children’s comedy.
An interactive children’s comedy making its Edinburgh Fringe debut. Signor Baffo has been appearing around the UK since 2015, lauded by children everywhere in a show that can ‘blow your head off’ (Kai, aged 7). A treat for children of 3+ and their families that will keep the giggles coming long after it’s over. Tickets are on sale now (link below).
There’s chaos in the kitchen when Signor Baffo’s left in charge to answer the important questions: What's the best way to mix meatballs with spaghetti? How do you make a chicken lay an egg? And how exactly does a sausage roll? All is revealed in the charming culinary chaos of Signor Baffo's kitchen. In this supremely silly interactive children’s show, expect generous helpings of fun, mischief and adventure.
Signor Baffo’s Restaurant is written and performed by Oliver Harrison. It was nominated by Camp Bestival for Best Children’s Show 2015 at Brighton Fringe, and has been added to the Interactive Theatre International line-up for Edinburgh Fringe 2018*.
While we take every opportunity to ensure the details for Signor Baffo’s Restaurant are accurate, we always advise that you contact the event organiser before setting out for the event to avoid disapointment.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.087637
Retrieved Text: Oh, my dear. You just watched the Kettering Incident. Probably you couldn’t find anything else to watch, and this show was at the end of your list. But once you started you couldn’t stop watching. That’s exactly what happened to me. I could not stop watching, I had to know what’s happening and finished the whole show in 1 day – not proud of my speed. Wish I can watch once/day and enjoy slowly.. Anyways.. Now let’s get a cup of tea and dive in The Kettering Incident Ending Spoilers 🙂 LEAVE if you didn’t watch it yet… I mean you shouldn’t even be here if you didn’t watch.
– So, actually, both girls 15 years ago got abducted by aliens, got cloned?
– Is our girl the clone? Yes, of course! She is not the normal human version. She never remembered anything before the incident. Her father loved her? Nope, she has no clue. Because she didn’t live back then. She had these hours and days, she can’t remember because the android robot thing followed the orders.
– If it was not the scientist, who killed the doctor in the van?
– Is scientist good or bad? Is he actually trying to save the humankind in a way – a way to clone them and immune them to radiation or something? Are there bigger reasons and sources that will kill all humans, with radiation, etc? Or is he the one who’s trying to kill humans?
– Lofty was working with the scientist. So, that means… He had to drop Ana

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.970934
Retrieved Text: For other people named John Sawyer, see John Sawyer (disambiguation).
John Gilbert Sawyer (June 5, 1825 – September 5, 1898) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Born in Brandon, Vermont on June 5, 1825, Sawyer was the eldest of seven children born to John F. and Mary J. Sawyer. His father relocated the family to Knowlesville, New York in 1831 where Sawyer attended the common schools at Shelby, New York and the Millville Academy (New York). In order to pursue a collegiate education, he relocated to Kentucky and later to Arkansas, where he taught in local one-room schoolhouses to earn enough money for his studies. In 1846, Sawyer returned to Knowlesville and relocated to Albion, New York the following year. There he studied law with Curtis & Stone before finishing with Benjamin L. Bessac. Before completing his law studies, Sawyer was elected to the position of superintendent of public schools for Orleans County, New York in 1848.
In 1851 Sawyer was elected as a justice of the peace and served in that position for nearly 5 years. In 1855, he formed a partnership with Sanford E. Church. In 1862 he was elected as Orleans County District Attorney and in 1863 as county judge. As a strong supporter of education, Sawyer was appointed in 1876 to the original Board of Education for the Albion Union Free School.
John G. Sawyer was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives as a Republican in 1884, serving three consecutive terms to the Forty-ninth, Fiftieth, and Fifty-first Congresses (March 4, 1885-March 3, 1891). A

================



======= Instance Index 26 =========
Input Text: Given that Mr. Steinberg made a $59.7 million profit on the sale to Disney of his investment in the company in 1984. But lawyers said Mr. Steinberg probably faced much more potential liability because, when he sued Disney during his takeover battle, he filed on behalf of all shareholders. When Disney offered to pay Mr. Steinberg a premium for his shares, the New York investor didn't demand the company also pay a premium to other shareholders. Therefore, it must be true that "the company would also pay a premium to other shareholders"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.084587
Retrieved Text: Consolidated Hallmark Insurance Plc said it would pay dividend of N120m to its shareholders in its 2016 financial report.
The Chairman of the company, Mr. Obinna Ekezie, disclosed this during its annual general meeting in Lagos.
According to him, this demonstrates the commitment of the company to reward its shareholders in spite of the tough business climate.
He said the company intensified efforts to improve on key performance metrics despite the prevailing economic situation in 2016.
Ekezie said the firm recorded a gross premium of N5.83bn in 2016 from N6.04bn in 2015, while net premium income rose to N3.51bn from N3.19bn in the previous year.
He also said the company’s claims payment rose by 29 per cent from N1.34bn to N1.73bn in the year under review.
The chairman said its profit before tax declined to N368m from N705 in the previous year, while profit after tax was N195m, rising from N546m in 2015.
The Managing Director of the company, Mr. Eddie Efekoha, said the company was undergoing digital transformation, which would enable it to position itself strategically and align with its objectives.
According to him, this is part of a comprehensive five year strategic plan currently being implemented.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.783857
Retrieved Text: TPC controls more than a third of the U.S. market for butadiene, used in synthetic rubber for car tires.
TPC Group's officers and directors are thinking more like buyers than sellers.
That's why some of the Houston chemical company's biggest shareholders are balking at the company's acceptance of a $40-a-share buyout offer last week.
They want TPC to put itself in play, soliciting bids from other potential suitors and driving up the sales price.
Instead, TPC seems content to sell itself on the cheap, allowing the current management to benefit from a potential upswing in the market for butadiene once the company is private.
Butadiene is used to make synthetic rubber for car tires and other products, and TPC, formerly known as Texas Petrochemicals, controls more than a third of the domestic market.
Demand for the chemical has been weak for much of the year, resulting in lower prices that crimped the company's earnings.
Last week, First Reserve Corp. in Greenwich, Conn., and New York-based SK Capital Partners submitted a $628 million offer to take TCP private. The price represented a slim premium to the $39.49 closing price on Aug. 24, the last trading day before the offer was announced, and it's well below the $47.61 the stock hit in mid-March.
Since the deal was announced, TCP shares have climbed as high as $42.99, surpassing the offering price, and the most actively traded options this week were December calls at $45. In other words, investors are betting the shares will keep rising in the coming months.
The $40 a share price is "viewed as inadequate

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.61929
Retrieved Text: Australian paint maker DuluxGroup is on track to be taken over for $3.8 billion by Japan-based Nippon Paint Holdings.
The DuluxGroup board has unanimously recommended to shareholders that they accept the offer — $9.80 per share (in cash) which includes a fully franked interim dividend of 15 cents per share.
It also said shareholders may potentially receive a special dividend of 26 cents per share, fully franked, as part of the deal.
The Japanese company is prepared to pay a 27.8 per cent premium for the Australian company, as DuluxGroup’s shares last traded at $7.87 on Tuesday.
DuluxGroup had thought about continuing its domestic and global growth as a standalone company, its chairman Graeme Liebelt said.
The board ultimately decided that being acquired by Nippon was in the best interests of shareholders, particularly given the “significant premium to market value”, he said.
Nippon Paint operates in Asia, Europe and the United States, but essentially has no presence in Australia or New Zealand.
“The proposed acquisition is an important step in Nippon’s global growth ambitions,” DuluxGroup said in a statement to the ASX.
Shareholders of DuluxGroup are expected to vote on the potential takeover at a meeting to be held in late-July.
The takeover is subject to approval by shareholders, the courts, Foreign Investment Review Board and New Zealand Overseas Investment Office.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.258904
Retrieved Text: I’ve seen this question pop up time and time again, and I can totally understand the frustration that goes along with it. Sadly, I usually field this question after a client has purchased a non-controlling (or minority) interest in a company or their estate planning attorney recommended they hire me for a “discount” analysis. That’s why I’m writing this article—so hopefully I can help you even before you purchase or gift shares in an operating business or real estate holding company.
In all honesty, business valuation is trickier than many business owners and shareholders often realize—especially for those owning less than a controlling interest in a company. It seems logical that owning a certain percentage of interest of a company would equate to owning that much of the entire company value, but that certainly isn’t the case if you are trying to sell, gift or value your minority interest.
In this article, I will try to explain some of these complex concepts to further your understanding of business valuation, discounts, and the value of a minority interest in a business.
The shares of a company can have many different values based on the standard of value being used and where the interest falls in the hierarchy of values (shown below). To give you a better understanding of the different values associated with different types of ownership and buyers, we’ll be using “The Hierarchy of Values” chart. This chart illustrates the relationship between different types of interests, premiums/discounts, and value premises.
Strategic buyers are those will most likely pay more in

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.160225
Retrieved Text: What Should Deutsche Bank Pay for Commerzbank?
What should Deutsche Bank AG pay for Commerzbank AG? Any tie-up between the two would have to be structured as a takeover by the larger Deutsche Bank – implying the need to pay a premium.
The difficulty is that neither Commerzbank’s standalone valuation nor the appropriate top-up is clear. That’s helpful for Deutsche, which can scarcely afford to pay a high price.
Analysts’ price targets for Commerzbank vary from 5.16 euros ($5.86) to 12.50 euros a share and there’s no consensus about how much additional capital the combined lender would need to raise.
What’s more, the possibility of this tie-up has been so long mooted that some bid premium should have been baked into the target’s share price for a while. Deutsche’s previous CEO, John Cryan, explored a deal and rejected it in Aug. 2016. Commerzbank stock outperformed Deutsche during 2017 as its rival was forced to tap shareholders for money. Over the past year, the shares have traded roughly in lock-step, as if anticipating a tie-up, and were both trading at a near 70 percent discount to their book value by the end of 2018.
Deutsche will want to minimize the price paid while maximizing the apparent premium the offer contains. Trick one would be to say a deal was already in Commerzbank’s share price and push to combine the lenders at their average market values over the three months before the talks were confirmed – 16 billion euros and 8.2 billion euros. That would mean the target’s shareholders would get 34 percent

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.103752
Retrieved Text: An investment trust (sometimes called an investment company or simply a trust) is a company whose job it is to invest its capital in order to generate returns for shareholders. It usually does this by holding shares in other listed companies, although they can also buy other types of asset such as bonds or property. A trust usually makes its shares available for retail investors to buy.
Investment trusts are similar to investment funds (also called unit trusts, open-ended investment companies, and other names – but for the sake of this article called simply funds) in that they allow a regular retail investor to easily buy a managed portfolio of diverse assets in a single investment.
When you invest in an investment trust, you buy a share in it. That share represents a slice of the value of the assets that company invests in, similar to when you buy a unit in a fund. These shares can increase in value as the value of the underlying portfolio of assets grows. This is called capital growth. As a company, a trust will often also pay out a portion of its profits to shareholders in the form of a dividend.
What’s the difference between an investment trust and a unit trust?
Trusts have some similarities to funds, which are the more mainstream way for consumers to invest. However, there are some important differences to keep in mind that make investment trusts a slightly different animal.
Closed-ended funds: i.e investment trusts are ‘closed-ended’. This means they comprise of an unchanging number of shares (this

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.990622
Retrieved Text: Shares of Discovery Communications Inc. (NASDAQ: DISCA) tumbled Monday on news that the company would acquire Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (NASDAQ: SNI) in a deal worth $14.6 billion.
Discovery was down 8.4 percent and trading at $24.55 at publication. Scripps was up slightly at $87.31.
Scripps’ shows include lifestyle channels such as the Food Network, HGTV and the Travel Channel while Discovery owns its eponymous channel and Animal Planet.
In a statement, Discovery said it would pay $90 per share, based on Discovery's Friday closing price. The purchase price represents a premium of 34 percent to Scripps' unaffected share price as of July 18, 2017. The transaction is expected to close by early 2018, the companies said.
Discovery and Scripps also announced second-quarter earnings on Monday. Discovery said its net income fell 8 percent to $374 million, or 64 cents per share, down from 66 cents. Adjusted EPS came in at 68 cents, below analyst estimates of 72 cents. Scripps reported preliminary results of $400.8 million, up 20.8 percent.
"We are building a global content engine," Zaslav said, one that aims to "unlock global strategic synergies, driving significant value." He touted the immediate benefits to shareholders from acquiring a stable of profitable TV networks.
"We may have more IP than any other media company. We're certainly up there," Zaslav said.
Combined, Discovery and Scripps will have nearly 20 percent share of ad-supported pay-TV audiences in the United States, the companies said.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.87693
Retrieved Text: It is quite natural that every prudent company would like to create reserve out of its profit for the purpose of future expansion as-well-as for declaring dividend in the lean periods.
(ii) By converting partly paid-up shares into fully paid- up shares without the shareholders to pay anything.
All successful companies increase their capital base by giving free shares to its existing shareholders out of the reserves when there are large accumulated, which cannot, either by law or as a matter of financial prudence, be distributed as dividend in cash to shareholders. Since bonus shares are created by conversion of retained earnings or other reserves into equity share capital, issue of bonus shares does not represent a source of fund to the company.
When a company has accumulated large reserves (whether capital or revenue) and it wants to capitalize these reserves by issuing bonus shares.
When the company is not in a position to give cash bonus because it adversely effects its working capital.
When the value of fixed assets for exceeds the amount of capital.
When the higher rate of dividend is not advisable for the distribution of the accumulated reserves because shareholders will demand the same rate of dividend in future, which the directors may not be able to give. To get rid of this difficulty, bonus shares are issued to facilitate the payment of the regular dividend from year to year.
When there is a bit value of the shares of a company i.e. market value of shares far exceeds the paid up value of the shares. A company issuing

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.717709
Retrieved Text: Home › Ideas › Business › Can Shareholders Drive Company Change?
Can Shareholders Drive Company Change?
Can Shareholders drive company change? Yes, as CEO’s run the company for shareholders. Many shareholders have forgotten the power that they can make changes if they believe the company is not heading in the right direction. This is due to the fact that shareholders didn’t concentrate on company long terms goals for profitability.
CEO’s and the company board have worked on short-term goals to produce record company profits and increase the stock value. Why? Due to the fact that they’re paid “Bonuses” for achieving these goals. The sad reality is that these companies will fall due to the lack of long-term goals that involve building for the future generation.
With the recent fall of iconic company brands, do shareholders want lip service from these CEO’s? Their pay packet has increase greatly, but the share value has become stagnant. Why are Shareholders letting this continue?
In a recent article by Patrick Allen, he talks about shareholder insurrection. Shareholders rejected the pay deal of a CEO, he resigned and still got a golden payout. This is building distrust between shareholders and senior staff. Company boards need to be more open to shareholders for a resolution on the executive income model.
Shareholders have to force management to change and drop the “Retention Bonus” and “Payouts” mentality. We need to start creating more meaningful rewards focusing on real long-term growth.
Reward CEO’s for genuinely improving the business and pay them modestly. Business does not improve if you strip staff, smash unions

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.66712
Retrieved Text: Shareholders of Genus plc and other UK company shareholders can receive unsolicited telephone calls or other correspondence from investors, who offer to buy the shareholder’s shares at a premium or offer to sell shares in other companies at a discount. However, these approaches are later found to be scams, known as 'boiler rooms' and we advise shareholders to be aware and cautious.
How do the investors obtain my details?
Investors can find your name and address from the Genus plc share register or other company share registers, which are publicly available documents and then find your telephone number from directories or other sources.
Shareholders may be advised of an 'imminent offer' of Genus plc and that their shares can be purchased at a higher price than the current market price, but only for a limited time. To obtain the higher price the shareholder is often asked to pay a fee or transfer the shares first.
The shares on offer for sale can be for companies which do not exist, are high risk or turn out to be worthless. The aim is to make the investment sound attractive and the shareholder is asked to transfer money in order to buy shares.
What should I do if I receive unsolicited calls or correspondence?
If you are unsure whether correspondence received from Genus plc is genuine, please contact our shareholder helpline 0371 384 2290.
To report a scam please go to www.fca.org.uk/consumers/report-scam-unauthorised-firm or call the FCA helpline on 0800 111 6768.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.624105
Retrieved Text: Over the last few decades, interest in the stock market has grown exponentially. What was once a toy of the rich has now become accessible to anyone who wants to grow his or her wealth. Advances in trading technology have opened up the markets.
Despite their popularity, however, most people don't fully understand stocks. They aren't a magic answer. And although stocks can–and do–create massive amounts of wealth, they aren't without risks. The only solution to this is education. The key to protecting yourself in the stock market is to understand where you're putting your money.
Plain and simple, stock is a share in the ownership of a company. Stock represents a claim on the company's assets and earnings. As you acquire more stock, your ownership stake in the company becomes greater. Whether you say shares, equity, or stock, it all means the same thing.
Holding a company's stock means that you're one of the many owners (shareholders) of a company. As such, you have a claim (albeit usually very small) to everything the company owns.
Technically, you own a tiny sliver of every piece of furniture, every trademark and every contract of the company. As an owner, you're entitled to your share of the company's earnings as well as any voting rights attached to the stock.
A stock is represented by a stock certificate. Before the computer age, it was a fancy piece of paper that was proof of ownership. Today, your brokerage keeps these records electronically, which is also known as holding shares "in street name."
This is done to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.595419
Retrieved Text: The battle for Investa Office Fund (IOF) hasn’t lasted quite as long as the Anglo-French 100-year war but it’s beginning to feel like it might. Since December 2015, when Dexus lodged a bid for the office property specialist, there have been four further attempts to gain control of the company, the latest from Blackstone at $5.25 a share. None have been successful. Yet.
The board of IOF’s responsible entity supported the Dexus bids, the last of which was rejected by shareholders. The current bid is also supported by the board. We recommend shareholders, which includes APN’s AREIT Fund, stir themselves for another fight.
There is hidden value in IOF, something Blackstone well understands. We’ll therefore be voting against the current proposal and urge other shareholders to follow suit.
On the face of it the price looks fair. Blackstone’s cash offer of $5.15 per share (ex a 10 cents distribution) is a 4% premium to current net tangible assets (NTA). It is also $1.24 higher than Dexus’ original 2015 cash and scrip offer ($3.91), which was pitched at a 5% premium to NTA at the time.
We can understand the IOF board supporting the bid. Having been subjected to numerous and unsuccessful takeover offers and last year’s failed attempt to have IOF internally managed, it isn’t just investors that are possibly fatigued by issues that detract from the everyday running of the business.
Blackstone’s bid offers a potential end to this long-running saga, one that understandably appeals to board members and exhausted shareholders.
It is also apparently reasonable. In the months prior to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.391401
Retrieved Text: My grandparents arrived at Ellis Island on January 1, 1923.
They'd both been in their early 20s when they'd fled Minsk, Russia.
If you were Jewish, living in Russia at the turn of the 20th century was very hard.
Pogroms and state-sponsored anti-Semitism made life dangerous.
My grandparents had seen that there was no future in the old country.
And when they arrived, they found a small apartment in Brooklyn, New York.
Soon after, my grandfather found work as a tailor.
He later found better pay by working in New York’s garment center.
He became a milliner, a maker of women’s hats.
But life still wasn’t easy, especially during the Great Depression.
They fell behind on their rent and were about to be evicted.
But my grandmother cut a deal with the landlord.
For a small reduction in the rent, she would mop the hallways and throw out the garbage.
Once a week, she would also scrub the concrete stairs in front of the building.
My grandfather worked 12-hour days for most of his life.
And he never made more than a union scale salary.
Each week, he'd give my grandmother his paycheck. And she would pay all the bills and give him a small allowance.
My grandfather passed away in 1982.
But my grandmother didn’t need to be worried about the future.
My grandfather had been putting a small amount of money away each week, which had produced a large nest egg.
He left behind more than $265,000 in today’s dollars. This money provided for my grandmother. And when she passed away 13 years later, she left behind a nice inheritance for her family.
My grandmother

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.226027
Retrieved Text: To the nearest million, as of the end of September 2017, Apple’s cash and investments totaled $268,895,000,000. Note that this includes investments in the form of short- and long-term marketable securities. Long-term marketable securities are not always accounted as “cash” because strictly cash is considered a liquid asset and some securities may not be sufficiently so. Nevertheless, most analysts would agree that Apple’s securities are sufficiently liquid to qualify as cash. Note that for archaic reasons this cash is separated into US and non-US holdings with $17 billion located in the US.
Most businesses keep very little cash on their books. Why does Apple have so much cash?
Indeed Apple’s cash is extraordinary. It amounts to about 30% of its market capitalization. One reason is that Apple has taken many loans, totaling about $100 billion.
Quite the contrary, Apple’s operating cash flow is eye-watering. In the 2017 fiscal year (ending September) Apple generated $63,598,000,000 from operations. The loans are not needed to operate. They are used to pay shareholders.
Why does Apple need to pay shareholders?
Wait, I thought you said this was Apple’s cash.
So hold on, it takes out loans to pay shareholders because it “owes them money” while it has too much money? This makes no sense.
Yes, welcome to tax laws. Although it generates more money than it can use, and that money should thus be returned to shareholders, some of the money is collected outside the US. US (and US only as far as I know) tax laws have a “repatriation tax” that is levied on money coming

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.181498
Retrieved Text: Shares in BskyB plc rose four per cent at the end of last week on rumours that News Corp is preparing a bid to buy out its fellow shareholders in BskyB and take the firm private. News Corp currently owns 39 per cent of BskyB.
However News Corp has not commented and many wonder why they would pay a large premium to secure ownership of a business they already effectively control. That said the company will face another era of investment as it grapples with IP and it may be News believes this will be easier to handle away from the market.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.17565
Retrieved Text: A portion of a company's profit paid to common and preferred shareholders. A stock selling for $20 a share with an annual dividend of $1 a share yields the investor 5%.
A portion of a publicly-traded company or fund's earnings that is distributed to shareholders. The amount of earnings distributed as dividends is usually determined by the board of directors and divided by the number of shares, but preferred stock often has guaranteed dividends. Dividends exist in order to encourage investment in the company and to allow shareholders (who are really co-owners) to participate in the profits. A rapidly expanding company often pays little or nothing in dividends, as most of its earnings are reinvested in the company. On the other hand, a well-established company with solid profits likely pays relatively high dividends.
A share of a company's net profits distributed by the company to a class of its stockholders. The dividend is paid in a fixed amount for each share of stock held. Although most companies make quarterly payments in cash (checks), dividends also may be in the form of property, scrip, or stock. Unlike interest on a debt, dividends must be voted on by the company's directors before each payment. See also bond dividend, capital dividend, cash dividend, consent dividend, constructive dividend, declaration date, declared dividend, ex-dividend date, final dividend, illegal dividend, interim dividend, liability dividend, liquidating dividend, optional dividend, stock dividend.
Corporations may pay part of their earnings as dividends to you and other shareholders as a return on your investment. These dividends, which are often

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.146635
Retrieved Text: Dividend investing offers some of the best financial opportunities for new and seasoned investors alike. The proof is in the numbers: according to economic data from 1927 to 2014, growth rates for dividend-paying stocks (10.4%) substantially outperformed non dividend paying stocks (8.5%).
If you typically invest in non dividend paying stocks, then you could be missing out on a lucrative opportunity to boost your long-term portfolio growth, in addition to the short-term income potential presented by stocks that pay dividends to shareholders on a quarterly or monthly basis.
Simply put, dividends are the portions of a company’s earnings that are paid out to shareholders. The company’s board of directors ultimately dictates the dividend amount, which may come in the form of cash or stock shares.
Whereas other types of investments that simply fluctuate in value until you choose to sell, a stock that pays dividends not only grows in value (hopefully!) but also pays out a small sum to shareholders on a regular basis. This alone makes dividend-paying stocks vital components of any successful investing strategy.
Dividend stocks are those that pay out dividends to shareholders on a regular basis (typically on a quarterly or monthly basis). When it comes to dividend investing, you’ll want to choose stocks that offer favorable dividend yields (annual dividends per share divided by the price per share). Dividends can increase or decrease over time, depending on the company’s performance and other related factors. For reference, the average dividend yield for the S&P 500 is 1.83% (as of May 2018).
Rather than choosing stocks that currently

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.101301
Retrieved Text: 1. Suppose you want to start a steel mill. Provide a rough estimate of how much capital (money) you would need to start your steel mill. Assuming that you have access to debt (define) and equity (define) markets, how would you use those two financial instruments to raise the financial instruments, which one are you likely to use more of and why? When I plan to start a steel mill, the minimum capital which I need is 10,000 USD. When I consider the budget of the new steel mill, there are several types of cost. At first, I need the capital to purchase industry equipment, like machines and office staff. Then, I need to pay off the money for human resources to hire employees. Moreover, there is also additional budget for marketing. When I try to raise the capital from debt and equity market, I would prefer debt market. If I choose to raise the money from equity markets, I would sell the stock of the company to shareholders. So the shareholders have the ownership interest in the firm. As a new company, I would control the company and don’t influenced by the shareholders. On the other hand, I can apply a bank loan, credit line and issue bonds when I want to raise the money from a debt market. In debt market, I wouldn’t need to share the ownership to others. The bondholders and banks don’t have the vote right of the company. I just need to pay the interest to the bondholders or banks.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.007524
Retrieved Text: In this report we focus on the long-term financing by issuing shares and dividend policy of the company. We consider the institutional design of capital market, Stock Market Exchange and Alternative Investment Market; fundamental theories of paying dividend and factors which influence Dividend Policy of the companies.
The main objective of this report is to develop a better understanding of the problems faced by start-up firms seeking capital financing and paying percentage (dividends). In addition, we try to identify the consequences of shortcoming and overplus of the dividend payouts for value of corporation (for value of share) and individuals (shareholders).
The urgency of this question is obvious, because firms need capital to finance product-development or growth and must, by a lot of factors (interest rate, time period and etc), obtain this capital largely in the form of equity rather than debt. So the issuing of shares and dividend policy is one of the widest research overseas and I hope Russian economists don’t be backward in that list.
Most private companies that experience the rapid growth have reached the stage when existing shareholders’ private resources are exhausted, retained profit is insufficient to cope with the rate of expansion, and further borrowing on top of your current amount of loans will probably be resisted by lenders until you have a more substantial layer of equity capital. One solution to this financial problem is to retain the services of a financial intermediary – usually a merchant bank – to find a few private individuals or financial institution such as an insurance company

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.840319
Retrieved Text: Clyde B. Anderson announced plans for the Anderson family to take Books-A-Million, Inc. (BAMM) private. Mr. Anderson is the Executive Chairman of BAMM. He and his family own approximately 53 percent of the common stock of the Company.
Under Anderson's plan, existing shareholders will receive $3.05 per share in cash. This represents a 20% premium over the stock's closing price on April 27, 2012. The proposal estimates the equity of BAMM to be $48.8 million. BAMM would be merged with a new company that the Anderson family will control. The stock repurchase will be funded using BAMM's existing credit line. The management of the company will remain the same.
Anderson wrote a letter to the Board of Directors which was also filed with the SEC. In the letter he says, "We believe that this Proposal presents a unique and highly attractive opportunity for the public shareholders of the Company." He also explains that the deal must be approved by a majority of the shareholders who are not members of the Anderson family. He also says that the family intends to continue the business and is not doing the deal to sell to a third party.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.406483
Retrieved Text: Shareholder protection insurance is designed to protect each of the shareholders of a business. On the death or diagnosis of a critical illness of a shareholder, the other shareholders receive a cash lump sum which they can then use to buy the affected shareholder’s share.
This method ensures that the affected shareholder’s family receive their part of the inheritance as quickly as possible whilst there is minimum disruption to the company.
A company’s Articles of Association deal with the issues of transferring and selling shares. In most cases the deceased or critically ill shareholder’s share passes to their family. From the company’s perspective this means that not only do they have a new shareholder, but they also have to pay that shareholder a percentage of company profits each year. This can of course be problematic if the new shareholder adds little or nothing to the running or profitability of the company. Additionally, it could also mean that the new shareholder would look to sell their share to a third party whom the company might not want to be in business with.
The likelihood is that the surviving shareholders will want to retain control of the company. Shareholder Protection Insurance allows the company to do this. Many companies adopt a pre-emption clause in their Articles of Association which allow the shareholders the right to buy the shares of the deceased or critically ill shareholder. Companies without Shareholder Protection Insurance often try to borrow the money from banks to do this. However, not only can this create a large debt for

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.35781
Retrieved Text: What Is a Limited Company? A Quick Guide.
A limited company is a separate legal entity. That means, it’s responsible in its own right for everything it does, and the company’s finances are separate from the finances of the owners. This guarantees more protection for the owners and other shareholders if the company builds up debts that it can’t repay.
With limited liability for the debts of a business, you can take calculated business risks because you are not going to lose everything if it goes wrong.
Many new businesses end up trading at a loss and need to borrow from banks or in the form of credit from suppliers. If the business can’t pay the money back it will be wound up and all the assets sold to pay back the creditors. But, with limited liability, your personal assets, such as your house and car, shouldn’t be at risk of being bundled in with the company’s assets.
Limited companies pay corporation tax which is set at a lower rate than the income tax paid by sole traders and partnerships.
As a director of a limited company, you can also take money from the company as dividends, rather than a salary, which can be more tax efficient. A salary is subject to employee and employer National Insurance contributions, but you don’t have to pay this if you take a dividend.
What’s more, a limited company can claim more in expenses and reliefs than a sole trader or a partnership. There are tax deductible costs which you can offset against a company’s profits,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.267128
Retrieved Text: Calls in Arrears refers to the amount called by the company which is not paid by the shareholders before the due date fixed for the payment. Such amount is transferred to an account calls in arrears account from the call account.
Showing calls-in –arrears account: Under this method, the amount of unpaid share amount is shown in calls in arrears account.
Without showing calls-in-arrears account: Under this method, the amount of unpaid share amount is not shown in calls in arrears account. The debit balance remaining in share allotment and calls account represents the amount of calls in arrears.
Archana Co. Ltd. issued 5,000 shares of Rs.100 each for public subscription. The share money payable was on application Rs.30, on allotment Rs.40 and on first and final call Rs.30 per share. All the shares were applied for allotted and the money was duly received except from Mr. Bhattarai, a shareholder, who failed to pay first and final call money on 200 shares.
Snowland Co. Ltd. Registered with an authorized capital of Rs.10,00,000 divided into 10,000 equity shares of Rs.100 each. The company issued 5,000 equity shares. The shares money payable was Rs.25 on application, Rs.50 on allotment and Rs.25 on first and final call.
All the shares applied for were allotted. All the money was duly received except from Mr. Arjun a shareholder, to whom 300 shares were allotted failed to pay the first and final call money. Another shareholder, Mr. Pradeep, to whom 300 shares were allotted failed to pay first and final call money. The expenses on issue were

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.25721
Retrieved Text: We strongly recommend S-Corporation owners talk to their licensed tax professional or CPA.
If you are an S Corporation owner and reimbursing your employees for their premiums with a QSEHRA (Small Business HRA), you’re probably wondering how you can achieve the same tax advantage as your employees now that tax time is upon us.
Am I eligible to participate in the small business HRA plan?
Can my family be reimbursed for premiums?
We get a lot of questions about this, and given the layers of policy and tax law that govern this subject, we thought we should break it down for you in plain English. The short answer is that your participation depends on how your company is set up.
If it's set up as an S Corporation and you own more than 2%, you may already have the benefit of being able to deduct medical insurance premiums without participating in a small business HRA (QSEHRA).
There's a few rules and requirements that you need to know ahead of time.
As an S Corporation owner, you already have the benefit of being able to deduct monthly premiums. Unlike your employees, there's no need or additional benefit from a small business HRA.
The reason for this lies in the way your company is set up. S corporations are not subject to corporate income tax. Instead, they are a pass-through entity, much like a partnership, so shareholders are taxed individually. That means that if you are an shareholder with more than 2% of the company’s share, you are not considered an employee and are therefore not

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.238424
Retrieved Text: Telstra chairman John Mullen has acknowledged that the end of Telstra's policy to pay almost all profits out as dividends is tough on shareholders but said he expects the company to maintain or increase the total dividend over time as earnings grow.
"Changing the dividend policy was one of the toughest decisions the board has ever had to make," Mr Mullen told shareholders at the company's annual general meeting in Melbourne.
"We spent many long hours debating it, many sleepless nights working it through in our minds, knowing full well the impact it would have on our shareholders."
The telco is seeing $3 billion of earnings taken away because of the NBN which is replacing Telstra as the monopoly wholesale provider.
In August it announced it would pay out between 70 and 90 per cent of earnings from fiscal 2018, rather than close to 100 per cent.
It was the first big change in dividend policy since the telco was floated by the government in 1997 and means shareholders will wear a 30 per cent cut in the total dividend to 22¢ a share next year.
Mr Mullen said the company would not acquire businesses to replace the lost earnings as this would be too risky.
"And to expect that we can suddenly just go out and create another $3 billion EBITDA business overnight is simply just not realistic," he said.
The dividend policy shift was "one change among many" that Telstra needed to make. "We absolutely understand and empathise with your [shareholder] concerns over the dividend," he said.
"Whether we like it or not,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.221285
Retrieved Text: LLC VS. CORPORATION | Wang IP Law Group, P.C.
When starting a business, choosing the correct form of business entity best suited for your company will be advantageous in the long run. There are two common business entities to consider, a corporation and a limited liability company.
Corporations are the traditional form of business entity that is normally used by larger companies. A corporation is legally recognized as an independent entity, separate from the owners. A corporation would require strict management and recordkeeping procedures. A corporation will protect shareholders from liability issues.
The owners of a corporation are referred to as shareholders. The corporation issues shares and the number of shares the shareholder has would correspond to the percentage of ownership. Corporation shares are easily transferable from shareholders. A corporation has perpetual life, meaning that a death of a shareholder would not interfere with the existence of the company. A corporation management structure is very strict. There must be a board of directors who oversee the Entire Corporation, and officers that run the company. They must hold an annual shareholder meeting and make annual reports.
Members of a corporation are protected under the business, which is also known as the corporate veil. It protects the shareholders from personal liability for business debts and claims. If the company cannot pay off a creditor, the creditor cannot go after the assets of a member of the company. This is desirable because if one shareholder makes a mistake, not all shareholders must pay the price.
One reason a corporation is not preferable is the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.19889
Retrieved Text: I, too, would like to thank the Division of Corporation Finance, the Division of Trading and Markets, the Office of General Counsel, the Division of Investment Management, and the Office of Economic Analysis for all your hard and excellent work in preparing for today's open meeting.
I would also like to welcome Meredith Cross to her first open meeting as our new director of the Division of Corporation Finance. Your depth and breadth of experience are already proving to be a great asset to this agency, investors, and other market participants. And, given your very recent arrival on the scene, I greatly appreciate all of your contributions to the three releases before us today.
I support the staff's recommendations on all three releases. To me, all three reflect our continued focus on enhancing shareholder rights.
The first release, otherwise known as "Say on Pay" for TARP recipients, or the TARP release, is one that is mandated by law. However, like Commissioner Casey, I believe that it is important to point out that the proposed rule is consistent with past staff practice in this area. I understand that the Commission's staff has not objected to the inclusion of these types of resolutions, if non-binding and advisory, in company proxy materials.
I also want to recognize that some companies have taken their own initiatives to allow "Say-On-Pay" on their ballots. I encourage more companies to do the same, regardless of whether or not they receive TARP funds.
I believe that "Say-On-Pay" can help restore investor trust because it promotes increased shareholder participation and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.096865
Retrieved Text: Look, companies can’t just be delisted or something, it requires shareholders to approve and for a price to be discovered etc.
SEBI has now changed all of this. They made some gazette notifications that specifically allow the two things that were previously disallowed. And that changes the game.
The current rule in SEBI was that bankrupt companies will be taken over, but no one could buy more than 75% of a company.
The change (read here) is that the 75% limit is not applicable for any acquisition of shares based on an NCLT resolution.
Remember that Tata Steel only bought 72% of Bhushan Steel in equity, while having the ability to convert 9,000 cr. to equity later. (Read our post) They couldn’t have converted, in regular circumstances. Now they can.
Bankrupt companies can be delisted after resolution if the resolution plan contains this as a condition and if the price being paid to shareholders is noted.
Also if existing promoters are getting paid to exit, then other shareholders get the same price.
Current shareholders will receive Rs. 0.19 per current share. Actually, right now, 50 shares will be converted to 1 new share. And shareholders will get Rs. 9.54 per new share. Which is equivalent to Rs. 0.19 per current share.
b) The company can see continued dilution with Vedanta buying more and more shares and you can’t do diddly squat about it.
Continues to be this: We would not suggest buying Bankrupt Companies.
There’s no “saviour” in the form of some SEBI rule or the other. Now a buyer can take more than 75% after

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.092876
Retrieved Text: Earlier today, I announced that I’m considering taking Tesla private at a price of $420/share. I wanted to let you know my rationale for this, and why I think this is the best path forward.
First, a final decision has not yet been made, but the reason for doing this is all about creating the environment for Tesla to operate best. As a public company, we are subject to wild swings in our stock price that can be a major distraction for everyone working at Tesla, all of whom are shareholders. Being public also subjects us to the quarterly earnings cycle that puts enormous pressure on Tesla to make decisions that may be right for a given quarter, but not necessarily right for the long-term. Finally, as the most shorted stock in the history of the stock market, being public means that there are large numbers of people who have the incentive to attack the company.
I fundamentally believe that we are at our best when everyone is focused on executing, when we can remain focused on our long-term mission, and when there are not perverse incentives for people to try to harm what we’re all trying to achieve.
This is especially true for a company like Tesla that has a long-term, forward-looking mission. SpaceX is a perfect example: it is far more operationally efficient, and that is largely due to the fact that it is privately held. This is not to say that it will make sense for Tesla to be private over the long-term. In the future,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.043962
Retrieved Text: When starting a new business, entering into a joint venture or re-structuring an existing company it is important that shareholders clearly define their rights, restrictions and obligations in the company. While legislation provides a basic framework as to how a company should operate there are a number of key fundamental issues which the law and “off-the-shelf” articles of association fail to address. It is, therefore, important that shareholders enter into an agreement so that in the event of a dispute reference can be made to the document without recourse to the courts or the need to take professional legal advice.
Below is a compilation of ten considerations when entering into a shareholders’ agreement and why such a document is essential for you, your fellow shareholders and your business.
It is important to strike a balance between giving directors/shareholders autonomy to make day-to-day business decisions while ensuring that key actions are only made with the agreement of the other members. You should compile a list of matters which require shareholder consent. These may include, for example, amending the company’s articles of association, bringing on board new directors or employees, entering into transactions over a certain value or incurring additional borrowings. We can assist to help create your own ‘a la carte menu’ tailored to your situation and the needs of your company.
How will dividends be distributed and who will have the authority to determine the level of dividend payment to each shareholder? You may wish to ensure that a set percentage of the company’s net profits are set aside

================



======= Instance Index 44 =========
Input Text: Given that And I resent what happened to my flat. A couple of guys think they can stake it out and wait for me, rub their filthy fingers on my clothes, piss in my bathroom, and I'm supposed to ignore it. I know what I said about possessions being like leeches but that don't mean I 'll surrender them to a pair of punks. Therefore, it must be true that "he will surrender his possessions to a pair of punks"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.798632
Retrieved Text: After escaping from the police station, Johnny and his friends go to find Hangar 19. Johnny will have to borrow the flying saucer from the Hangar to reach the alien base and rescue his mother. Meanwhile, Capitán Wachimolete has been captured and is being tortured by the aliens.
Little Johnny has been humiliated by a punk gang. Now he intends to take revenge on the punks one by one, destroying their most precious possessions.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.662466
Retrieved Text: When you recognize God as Creator, you will ADMIRE Him. When you recognize His Wisdom, you will LEARN from Him. When you discover His Strength, you will RELY on Him. But only when He saves you, will you WORSHIP Him…….
A storm is not impressed by your title.
God’s goal is not to make you happy, His goal is to make you His. God’s goal is not to get you what you want, His goal is to give you what you need.
FREEDOM comes not through POWER, but through SUBMISSION, Not through CONTROL, but through SURRENDER, Not through POSSESSIONS, but through OPENED HANDS, Not through SLAVES, but through SONS, Not through the LAW, but through LOVE….
God made man, man rejected God….God won’t give up until He wins Him back….
Your response determines your growth.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.89576
Retrieved Text: BG 7.16: O best amongst the Bharatas, four kinds of pious people engage in my devotion—the distressed, the seekers after knowledge, the seekers of worldly possessions, and those who are situated in knowledge.
Having described the kinds of people who do not surrender to him, Shree Krishna now categorizes the kinds of people who do take refuge in him.
1) The distressed. For some people, when the pot of worldly miseries becomes excessive, it leads them to conclude that running after the world is futile, and it is better to take shelter in God. Likewise, when they see that worldly supports are unable to protect them, they then turn to God for protection. Draupadi’s surrender to Shree Krishna was an example of this type of surrender. When Draupadi was being disrobed in the assembly of the Kauravas, she first counted upon the protection of her husbands. When they remained silent, she relied upon the pious elders present in the assembly—Dronacharya, Kripacharya, Bheeshma, and Vidur—to help her. When they too failed to offer her protection, she clenched her sari between her teeth. Up to this stage, Shree Krishna did not come to Draupadi’s rescue. Finally, when Dushasan pulled her sari with a jerk, it slipped from the grasp of her teeth. At that point, she no longer had any faith in the protection of others, nor was she relying on her own strength. She surrendered herself totally to Shree Krishna, who immediately offered her complete protection. He intervened by extending the length of her sari. No matter how much

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.468002
Retrieved Text: 1. Although Gandhi supported equal rights for women, his wife Kasturbai was a traditional and submissive Hindu wife.
Should Gandhi have tried harder to practice what he preached about the need for women's liberation?
2. When he heard that Nazi Germany threatened to invade England during World War II, Gandhi suggested that the British lay down their arms and surrender. He asserted that the British could keep their ideals even if they gave up their lands and possessions. Do you think this would have worked? What would have been the outcome of such a decision?
3. Gandhi's ideals have been admired by people throughout the world. Why are people still attracted to his life and teachings? Can they help us to solve the problems of the world today?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.391993
Retrieved Text: Blackjack is one of the most popular casino games in the word and for good reason. With a wonderful mix of skill, strategy, and luck, blackjack has all of the aspects of an enticing and enjoyable game. Another wonderful thing about blackjack is the fact that the rules are very simple and there are not that many different things that you can do so learning the game is easy but there is enough skill involved that playing blackjack perfectly requires a great deal of experience. In blackjack, players are given five different options depending on the situation. The five different actions that a playing can do are double down, split a pair, hit, stay, or surrender. The first two, double down and split a pair, can only be done in specific scenarios.
For example, a player can double down after he or she is dealt his or her first two cards. Doubling down means that the player will double his or her current bet but will only be allowed one additional card. Splitting a pair is just that, if a player has two of the same card they can split the hand into two unique hands by moving a bet of equal value behind the second hand. Surrender is an option many casinos offer where players can choose to surrender the hand in return for getting half of their bet back and this occurs after the dealer checks for blackjack. Getting hit is where a player accepts an additional card from the dealer and staying is when

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.24526
Retrieved Text: Ravana was the grandson of Rishi Pulastya. He was one of three brothers. Ravana was of a rajasic nature.
His brother Kumbhakarna, due to a curse, slept half the year and was of a tamasic nature. Vibheeshana was of a sattwic nature.
Ravana kidnapped Rama's wife, Sita. The Ravana called counsel to keep at bay Rama and His army, all ministers assured Ravana of his prowess to come out victorious in the war, his two brothers, Kumbhakarna and Vibheeshana spoke against him. Kumbhakarna spoke harshly, admonished him for abducting Sita by distracting Rama and Lakshmana. But affection for his brother won him over and Kumbhakarna due to his loyalty agreed to fight Rama in the war.
The counsel applauded loudly with each passing mention of Ravana's valor.
Vibheeshana alone did not applaud. on the other hand, thinking of only good for Ravana, tried all means to persuade Ravana to realize his folly, return Sita to Her husband seek His pardon from Rama. 'If we oppose Rama, defeat is inevitable. Our fortune is sinking. Let us restore Sita, seek Rama's pardon and thus save our kingdom, our lives, possessions and honor. Ravana, drunk in power and lust, with uncontrollable anger and rage, insulted Vibheeshana saying as a brother he wanted to usurp his kingdom and wealth. Unable to persuade his brother after trying long, and feeling insulted Vibheeshana said, 'I thought I could serve you in your need, but you will not lt me. You imagine that I envy you and your possessions. Good counsel is rejected by one whose end

########
Rank: 6
Score: 23.884235
Retrieved Text: He produced the surprisingly popular Filth mincomix in the mid-90’s, and kicked off the new millenium with his most ambitious project yet – a 384 page, serialised comic called The Dharma Punks.
Reviews have described The Dharma Punks as “a well-crafted epic” and “compelling”.
From his studio in Auckland, he also works as a freelance illustrator. He is currently designing characters and backgrounds for bro’Town, New Zealand’s hit animated series. He has produced illustrations for music magazines, gig guides, posters, children’s books and design studios. In 2001 he held a solo exhibition to launch The Dharma Punks comic.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.677784
Retrieved Text: In match two, the Hockey Punks wanted to reload after the convincing victory in Kaunas today. Kaunas, of course, wanted to eradicate this gap and balance the series.
In the first third of the Punks were clearly the better team, but awarded numerous good chances. Kaunas goalie Pavliukov got a lot to keep up and was able to distinguish himself several times. Kaunas did almost nothing for the game, just four shots on the Punks goal. The Punks could not score from this superiority, and so went scoreless in the first break.
After about two minutes of re-starting, the Punks came to power play as a Kaunas player was sent to the penalty box because of “Delay of the Game”. Only three (!) Seconds after winning Bully, Kuliesius scored, with his ninth goal of the season, the 1-0 (23.). The Punks then let themselves get a bit of rest and suddenly Kaunas had a 5:3 power play, but remained unused. The Punks survived this delicate phase and could pass to the counter-attack. After a quick push of cards he plays to Silkas and he scored the 2-0 (30.). The Punks apparently celebrated this goal profusely and neglected the defense. Just 24 seconds later in the same minute, Guoga scored the 1-2 with his 15th goal of the season, and Kaunas was back in the game. Of course, this goal gave the guests the necessary boost and after a good move, Leavitt scored the 2-2 draw (33.). The Punks came to two power plays before the second break, but

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.64065
Retrieved Text: The surrender of pineapples and possessions was not the end of the story for Otto Koning. Before he knew it came the second and third grade in God's school of surrender. Through the same tribal people of the southern swamplands and their need for a genuine demonstration of servant leadership, God teaches the missionary that not only the things we own, but also our time and reputation are most effectively and efficiently used of the Lord to reach into the lives of others when given to Him. Joy and love flowed from these decisions and multiplied themselves among the first native churches. Otto Koning's testimony is a testimony of the unexpected ways God works when we lay down our life rather than fighting and struggling for the methods we think are best. Brace yourself for a personal challenge and a new approach to ministry.
The first time that Otto Koning used the name of Jesus Christ to win a spiritual battle, it was to save his own life. The saving power of Jesus' name did not end there, however. God's irresistible love compelled this missionary to go from defense to offense in the warfare for souls.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.58385
Retrieved Text: Dana Lewis was approached by 3 men last Saturday night at her property in Muskogee, Oklahoma. The three crooks forced the woman into her own house and demanded her valuable possessions and cash.
But while the men were rummaging through her belongings, Lewis managed to escape and ran to her neighbor’s house for help. Kyle Ford fortunately was at home and when Lewis told him what was going on next door he grabbed his semi-automatic pistol and headed for his neighbor’s house.
The crook was only a foot away when Ford pulled the trigger and struck the man in the chest. The three suspects then decided to flee the scene, including the man who had been shot.
But when police arrived on the scene they found the man who had been shot in a nearby alleyway. He was transported to the hospital but died the next morning from the single gunshot wound.
“It’s not something I ever wanted to have to do,” Ford said of how the incident ended.
Ford noted that the men were acting “erratically”, and seemed as if they might have been under the influence of drugs.
Lewis, 46, was unable to provide a detailed description of her assailants, describing them only as white males in dark clothing. The other two suspects have not been located.
Local authorities are saying that all evidence is pointing to Ford using self-defense, but the DA will determine if it was justified.
Funny how the 3 men made no effort to leave the property when Ford told them to leave, but as soon as he

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.398663
Retrieved Text: Joe Biden, through all of his faults, has always represented to me the ludicrous nature of our winner-take-all electoral system. This man should not be trusted with a sharp pair of scissors, but because he is attached to the Anointed One, the Gary Busey of the executive branch remains a heartbeat away from the Oval Office.
I submit to you the top ten pictures of Crazy Uncle Joe.
And as Vice President Biden crashed a frat party and declared, “You little punks ain’t got nothin’ on ol’ Joe! I am the master of beer pong!” The Secret Service agents assigned to him began questioning their career choices.
Vice President or not, should we really allow this man access to a baby?
Alright, I realize this is a Photoshop from The Onion- but it makes me laugh every time I see it.
And yet, Howard Dean gave out one “BYAHHH!” and his career was done.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.364428
Retrieved Text: It is common and appropriate to decry the commercialization of the Christmas season. There are fewer voices raised to mourn the trivialization of St. Nicholas. Well does he deserve to be the patron of children, and well might they delight in his name. But he might be remembered not only as the jolly source of toys and treats but also as the protector of those whose lives and innocence remain threatened today, as they were in the time of St. Nicholas, by violence, poverty, and exploitation.
Nicholas, the famous champion of those languishing in travails and prophetic high priest, by God's choice, of the metropolis Myra, was born in the city of Patara, one of cities then illustrious in the province of Lycia, although now it is said to scarcely preserve the appearance of a village. His parents were thoroughly noble and well-off, and surpassed many in their reverence toward Christ, on account of which they kept themselves free of worldly glory and were always eager to devote themselves to the works of justice. For the ever-pious understand that the person who touches tar is not free of its stain.
After his parents had gone to the Lord and left him much property and an abundance of money and possessions, he reckoned that he had God as his father. Gazing chastely on Him with the eye of his soul, he firmly begged the good God that he surrender his life and all his possessions, if that seemed good to Him. He said: "Teach me, Lord, to do Your

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.000769
Retrieved Text: What does it mean to be fully surrendered to Christ?
Being fully and unconditionally surrendered to Christ means you have reached a stage in your relationship with God where He is ALL YOU DESIRE. Not His blessings but His presence. It is when you have come to the realization that His face is worth more than His hand.
Unconditional surrender is a product of having absolute faith in the fact that Christ died on the cross for your sins. Through this act of Perfect Love, you have been redeemed and reconciled to the Almighty Father. If you repent of your sins, you shall be saved. You must have faith in this fact.
However, if there is any doubt or just 99% faith, you cannot claim to have fully surrendered to Christ. Just like a child standing on a roof must fully trust that his father standing below will catch him when he jumps, you need to have total 100% faith in God to jump into His loving arms.
You see, God is not impressed by anything we bring Him. All he wants and expects from us is unconditional surrender. What happens after a person is born again is that the Holy Spirit begins to strip the individual of their old self. This continues until there is nothing of the old life remaining. It may take a while, depending on your willingness to allow the Holy Ghost to work in you, but the work must be completed.
Fear, lust, selfishness, seeking man’s rather than God’s approval, love of material possessions – all

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.613174
Retrieved Text: This was no mere threat of divine action that God would take on his own initiative, in his own time and using the agents of his choice. Every battle, every decision, every action on the part of Muhammad was claimed to be God’s. He was “fighting in the way of Allah”. This was jihad gradually developing into an offensive armed attack on all forms of opposition. Muhammad was God’s agent and God’s messenger. After all Muhammad, fighting in the way of Allah, had just won an important victory over the Quraysh at Badr. In the Qur’an there is almost complete identification between the will of Muhammad and the will of God. This was a threat, not so much of the vengeance of God but the vengeance of Muhammad himself. It is not so much Muhammad doing God’s will as God doing Muhammad’s will. He, Muhammad, was threatening this Jewish tribe: Islam or else! They steadfastly refused. Muhammad ordered a 15 day siege preventing food supplies from entering their quarter and they had eventually to surrender. Muhammad wanted to kill all of them but on the forceful intervention of Ibn Ubayy he relented on condition they left Medina and left behind all their possessions. Ibn Ubayy also intervened unsuccessfully to prevent the tribe from being sent into exile. Muhammad kept a fifth of what they left behind and his trading emigrants no longer had any competition and flourished.
1 A. Guillaume, The Life of Muhammad, A Translation of Ibn Isḥāq’s Sīrat Rasūl Allāh, Oxford University Press, Pakistan, 2011,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.373362
Retrieved Text: Description: A fearsome looking creature, Vincent is not of the sort, unless dealing with Vermin. He is shorter than most hedgehogs, but is muscular. He usually a traveling cloak, a tan vest, and a pair of tan pants.
Possessions: Vincent carries a large club in which all manner of large thorns have been arranged around the top in an orderly manner. He carries a torn, but sturdy, pouch on his left side that holds a green gemstone that is about the size of his fist. Another pouch on his right that contains a potent mixture of herbs that could put a badger into a sleep that he would never wake from. A haversack he found, carries any healing poultices and other medicines, food, and tinder and flint.
Strengths: Vincent has immense strength. He cares for those that have never wronged him, save vermin. Kind and giving, he'll go out of his way to help another in need without payment.
Weaknesses: Vincent is one to give up of one that he cares for. He has a rage that is similar to the Bloodwrath, but he can distinguish friend from foe.
Background: Coming from the Spearback tribe, Vincent was one of the strongest in the tribe. The tribe consisted of nearly two hundred hedgehogs. Peaceable and good natured, the Spearback tribe gave aid to the hurt and food and bed for the weary. The tribe's main form of entertainment was a gladiatorial style of fighting, which made them formidable fighters in combat. Vincent leatned from the best, but was beaten many times

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.264675
Retrieved Text: Paul Cruikshank - 46 years old - Born Paul Cruikshank in Salem Oregon where he was immediately tossed across the border to California for fun in the sun on surfboards, skateboards and punk rock music. By 1984 Paul barely graduated high school in San Diego and almost landed a job at a carwash but it wasn't to be; so his mother bribed him to move to Fresno with a carton of smokes - three hots & a cot.
By 19 Paul was flourishing in the blazing sun of the valley or is it a desert? or a valley? or a desert? promoting punk rock shows and starting record stores with Timothy Jackson Biskup. In 2004 Paul's carnie side came out as he rolled out the ultra-delicious line of Circus Punks. Paul's right brain - or his it his left brain? knew better and he kept his real job as well. Today Paul still produces Circus Punks with his shorter friend Steve Richard and takes good care of his lovely daughter Corin. Let's BBQ tonight. Wanna?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.239399
Retrieved Text: When you decide to file for Chapter 7 or 13 bankruptcy, you may fear that you will have to surrender all your assets or be restricted to subsistence income. However, this is not the case. There are some assets that the government has no interest in taking, and there are some which will fall under what the Bankruptcy Code calls exemptions. Florida maintains a list of exemptions, so that those who are forced to file can still retain most if not all of their possessions.
In Florida, unlike in some other states, a filer may not use the federal government exemptions for his bankruptcy with rare and specific exceptions. However, it is generally considered to be a better deal, as the Florida exemptions are usually more generous than the federal. Unlike the federal exemptions, there is an unlimited homestead exemption (for your principal residence), and the ability to exempt the cash surrender value of life insurance policies, among those reserved for other assets.
In order to use Florida exemptions, you must have lived in Florida for at least 730 days (roughly two years) prior to your filing. If you have not, you will likely wind up using either the federal exemptions or the exemptions of the state in which you lived the longest during the 180 days prior to the two years leading up to your bankruptcy. For example, if you lived in Illinois, and then traveled the country for two years before settling in Florida and filing for bankruptcy, you would use the Illinois exemptions.
An exemption for

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.14456
Retrieved Text: Yes, one of the most confounding truths of the Easter narrative is divine surrender. It is where God in Jesus Christ reminds us of His faithful love–a love so great that He would allow His hands to be tied behind His own back by the very ones He will suffer to save.
Jesus’ divine surrender led to His redemptive suffering.
When you and I get it, and I mean really get that Easter comes through divine surrender, our hearts will be taken captive and we will, in turn, surrender. And we will surrender our lives because we will come to believe that He is worthy of all our trust because in this divine surrender and suffering, God did exactly what He said He would do.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.106054
Retrieved Text: Mad Max (The road Warrior) is a fun action adventure contiiuning the Adventure of Max (Mel Gibson), a cop on the run in a future run by motorcycle punks. In the first movie, his family was killed. Now he and his dog Max are on the road to battle motorcycle gangs and helping a village to transport gas. that is led up to that chase between Max and the mnotorcycle punks in onew of the most exciting chase scenes in film history. action speaks louder than words and "Mad Max:Road Warrior" proves it.
Check out our Featured Movie Reviews for Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 21.986849
Retrieved Text: Today I received a copy of an email Steve Cosentino that he sent out to his supporters to request for donations and participation in this years No Surrender Hockey Challenge and I just had to share it with you all.
As many of you may know I have a personal interest in educating others about mental illness and advocating for persons with mental illness. This comes as a consequence of my learnings regarding the insidious nature of the illness as to how it directly impacts, not only on the afflicted person, but also impacts directly the friends and families of those loved ones.
So, to that end I will be playing in the NO SURRENDER HOCKEY CHALLENGE which will be held at Durham College this weekend in support of The Canadian Mental Health Association. If the fight against mental illness and the stigma associated with it is something that you would like to take on you don't have to lace on a pair of skates, but what you can do is visit https://www.canadahelps.org/dn/4830 where you can make a donation and in so doing please mention that it is in honour of the NO SURRENDER HOCKEY TOURNAMENT.
As well, please enjoy the attached video link to an inspiring grass roots Newfoundland song production which sends a message to their provincial government, and which, in the final analysis is directed to all of us, because we can change our mental health system and the low regard that government has for it in terms of placing resources, and we do that by

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.961233
Retrieved Text: When we finally commit to seeking treatment, we are typically left with very little to our names – by means of material possessions and otherwise. While this is not the case for everyone, it is typical for young addicts and alcoholics to surrender with little to nothing to call their own. Essentially, we must start from the ground up, first rebuilding ourselves and then starting in on repairing our lives. Inpatient drug rehab sets a solid foundation for lasting and fulfilled recovery, one that will provide the basis for a truly beautiful and meaningful life overall. Eventually, as the program of Alcoholics Anonymous promises its members, fear of financial insecurity will leave us – once our lives in working order we are liable to find that we truly have everything we need, and want for nothing. But what are we to do when we find ourselves fresh out of drug rehab with nothing more than a few t-shirts and a pair of beat-up sneakers?
The point is that if you continue on the path you are on, despite temporary difficulties, things will, inevitably, get better. Paying for dollar menu items in change and taking the bus to your stock job at the local supermarket will come to an end, and you will soon be living a life beyond your wildest dreams. The key is to not give up before things start to look up, to push forward and ask for help when necessary knowing that a better way of life is right on the horizon, within reach.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.882751
Retrieved Text: Surrender is a rule variation that changes from casino to casino and table to table. Since it is very specific and not usually advertised on the table, the variation of blackjack that includes this rule is known as Blackjack Surrender. After going through a list of casinos that offer blackjack surrender I couldn’t help but notice that it was available on tables with 6 to 8 decks only. For the sake of simplicity, everything we cover in this article will be relevant to a 6 to 8 deck game.
Surrender is when the player opts to throw in the towel on their hand and lose half their bet. There are 2 types of surrender, early surrender and late surrender. Early surrender is offered to the player after being dealt his first 2 cards but before the dealer has had a chance to check for blackjack. Late surrender is when the dealer is showing an ace or a 10 and has already checked the hole card to see if he has blackjack and he does not have blackjack. If the dealer has blackjack, surrender is not offered.
The option to surrender should only be considered under very specific circumstances. When you, the player, are holding a hard total of 15, 16 or 17 check the dealers up card to make your decision. Anything less than a 9 and surrender is not on the cards for you this time.
If you are holding a 16 and the dealer has 9 or above, surrender. If you have a 15 and the dealer

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.816494
Retrieved Text: A man has been stabbed during an armed robbery in Basildon.
The victim, a man aged in his 30s, was outside Subway on Broadway, Pitsea just before 10pm last night (Friday February 1) when he was approached by two men.
Police say the pair demanded he hand over his possessions, a brown bag with some cash and an iPhone 7 inside.
He refused and was stabbed in the leg.
Police added that his injuries are not life-threatening or life-changing.
The two men were wearing dark clothing and left on foot through an alleyway next to the Subway branch.
Anyone with information is asked to call Essex Police on 101, quoting crime reference number 42/17495/19.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.664215
Retrieved Text: Ivan Glisic is a profesional writer/journalist, one of founders of ex Yu underground-punks & hc literature, zines, bands, mail art. He is the author of three plays, forthy novels and four monographs. His poems are on the repertoar of many ex Yu singers and r’n’r, punks, hc and ethno bands. David Stone transleted those Ivan’s book: Alchemy of love (poems), The White Rats Club (novel), Mother Earth (drama), Yellow Dog (drama), The Wreckhouse Tales (short stories).
Nem az, aki szeretve van.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.636166
Retrieved Text: The old adage is that comedy is best in threes. It must have been open-mic night at Olentangy as the hosts and Dublin Coffman combined for 24 three-pointers in Saturday’s non-league game in Lewis Center.
Greg Hendrix, who missed the last couple of games because of a concussion, knocked down a pair of treys and scored 10 of his 25 points in overtime as the Braves held off the Shamrocks 88-80 to pick up their second win in as many nights.
Hendrix hit all five of his three-point attempts as Olentangy shot 13-for-24 (54 percent) from behind the arc.
It’s also the second straight night that Olentangy (4-5) scored 78 or more points – a stretch that came after it was held to its lowest output of the season in a 52-37 loss at Upper Arlington Tuesday.
Jason Sieve followed his 35-point performance in a 78-73 win over Westerville Central with 25 points against Coffman Saturday.
And, again, because three’s a charm, Sean Marks was the third player on the team to top 20 points in the win, finishing with 22 to go with six steals and four assists – both team-highs.
“We’ve got a lot of guys who can score … we have a different leading scorer about every night,” Feasel said. “Jason’s been hot lately, but I mean, tonight Hendrix and Sean … that makes us a little more difficult to guard and that’s a good thing.
Will Elmore chipped in eight points and pulled down a game-high seven rebounds for an undersized Olentangy team that won the rebounding battle 32-19.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.600111
Retrieved Text: Jesse LeBlanc is perched behind the counter of Spin-It, Moncton’s go to spot for anything related to music or movies.
It’s time to close up, but LeBlanc doesn’t rush anyone out.
Young pin-and-patch covered punks are inquiring about a band called Grimskunk.
The young punks are in awe – not an uncommon moment at Spin. LeBlanc is an encyclopedia of stories and anecdotes.
LeBlanc has been a staple of Moncton’s music scene for the past 12 years, 12 years that addiction nearly took away.
On March 16, 1982 during a Doobie Brothers show on their farewell tour his mother attended, Jesse LeBlanc was born.
Growing up in “the sticks” of Dieppe, LeBlanc looked for some creative outlet but his options were scarce.
LeBlanc’s passion wasn’t in the rink. Music came into his life, more specifically American rock band Nirvana, and he didn’t let it go.
When Jesse got his first guitar, his obsession with music began to take over.
LeBlanc realized his love for music through Nirvana, and would soon develop another habit associated with the band.
He started experimenting with drugs like marijuana and hashish. By 17, it escalated to opiates and heroin.
But his addiction never stopped his music production.
He was playing guitar in a band, Heimlich. Heimlich gained notoriety for their live shows across eastern Canada and because you could score drugs off any band members. By the time the band died, Jesse knew his life wasn’t too far away from the same ending.
Along with friend and Heimlich drummer JP, he moved to Victoria to get on methadone because the Moncton waiting list was

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.219416
Retrieved Text: Last Sunday was Ascension Sunday, the time we remember the ascension of Jesus into heavenly realms, where He was taken on clouds of heaven into the presence of the Ancient of Days, where He was given universal power, authority, and dominion. From that place, He rules on earth. From that place He has given us a job to do, to make disciples.
This week we will celebrate Pentecost Sunday, the time we remember that the promise of Jesus was fulfilled. The Holy Spirit was poured out upon the people of God and thus introducing a new age in human history. Jesus’ physical presence was now departed from the presence of the disciples and the Spirit of God, the third person of the Trinity, would now take a more preeminent role in the life of the New Israel, the Church.
Jesus has gone on high; He is exalted above all. Pentecost tells us that though Jesus’ earthly ministry may be done, His public work continues through His chosen vessel, His Church. This work is being done through the power of the Spirit. Pentecost is a mighty moment in history. It shall never be repeated again, but the consequences of that day will unfold and will continue to unfold until the coming of our exalted King in the end of Human History.
I want to be clear: using this word is not intended to distinguish radical Christianity from some other brand of Christianity. It’s intended to show that biblical Christianity–true, authentic Christianity–is inevitably radical Christianity. For you and for anyone in

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.20893
Retrieved Text: THERE were a host of standout performers in Round 2 of the 2018 WAFL season including Fraser McInnes leading East Perth to a bounce back win, a debutant starring in Swan Districts' win over Peel while Subiaco and East Fremantle had big ball winners in victories over South Fremantle and Perth.
All four of the Round 2 matches took place on Saturday afternoon with East Perth bouncing back from a 118-point loss to Subiaco on Good Friday to beat West Perth 17.10 (112) to 7.12 (54) at Leederville Oval.
East Fremantle and Perth both battled to avoid the wooden spoon in 2017 and lost in Round 1, but put in a tight contest at East Fremantle Oval with the Sharks ending up prevailing 13.9 (87) to 11.14 (80) over the Demons.
Swan Districts kicked the last two goals of its clash with Peel Thunder at Steel Blue Oval to stay undefeated in 2018 with the 15.12 (102) to 13.10 (88) win.
South Fremantle then hosted Subiaco in a twilight fixture at Fremantle Community Bank Oval with the Lions delivering another impressive performance to win 18.12 (120) to 9.8 (62).
Claremont had the Round 2 bye on the back of an opening round defeat at the hands of West Perth.
He was almost a lone soldier in East Perth's horror start to the season on Good Friday but he backed that up with another superb performance on Saturday and got his teammates to come along for the ride to respond with an impressive 58-point victory against West Perth.
He is coming off sharing the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.208624
Retrieved Text: Harry Orwell is a world-weary private investigator who was forced to leave the San Diego Police Department after a bullet became lodged near his spine. He lived on the beach, and, when not working on a current case, spent much of his time fixing up his boat, which was called The Answer. Harry O was unusual in that he didn't own a flashy car in which to conduct high-speed chases, preferring to ride the bus instead.
Harry Orwell was a San Diego police officer shot in the line of duty and forced to retire on disability. After the first season, the locale was changed to Malibu/Santa Monica due to budgetary restraints. Manny Quinlan (Henry Darrow) was killed off in a late season one episode, and Lt. Trench (Anthony Zerbe) became Orwell's foil on the Los Angeles Police Department. Farrah Fawcett joined the cast as Harry's neighbor, an airline stewardess.
On January 4th, 1969, a gang of punks broke into a liquor store in San Diego; Officer Harry Orwell and his partner arrived to stop them, but Harry was shot and his partner killed. Forced to retire from the department, Orwell now ekes out a modest living on his police pension and as a private investigator - $100 a day plus expenses plus mileage. In such capacity he was hired several years later by one of the young punks who shot him and eventually succeeded in arresting the entire gang, before moving from San Diego to LA. Now his services are available to anyone who asks, even though he

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.137138
Retrieved Text: Magic Pockets is a platform game developed by the Bitmap Brothers and published by Renegade in October 1991. It was released for the Atari ST, Amiga, Acorn Archimedes and PC. The title track is "Doin' The Do", performed by Betty Boo, originally released in 1990 on the Rhythm King label.
A young boy, known as the Bitmap Kid, has a pair of magix pants that contain pockets with an infinate amount of stroage space and therefore store all his toys in his pockets. One day the creatures who live in his pockets decide to keep his toys and play with them, so in order to recover his possessions. He may 'float' by chewing gum and inflating a large 'bubble'. His magical pockets can hold an infinite quantity of inventory.

================



======= Instance Index 41 =========
Input Text: Given that Louise was equally anxious to see this man who had had the power to persuade her niece to go against her upbringing and character and behave so recklessly after such a brief acquaintance. Waiting in the airport she was suddenly aware of Nora striding towards her. She was impressed by how elegant she looked and could tell by her cousin's walk that Nora also felt that she was looking good. Therefore, it must be true that "that Nora also felt that she was looking good"? Yes, no, or maybe?

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.993444
Retrieved Text: As I mentioned in my previous post, there are many people that helped me to realize that my relationship with John was a toxic one. Nora was one of those people. We had worked at the same school for a few years. She was the teacher in the behavioral program in our school. Somehow she held the perfect balance between being a no-nonsense kind of woman while being kind and generous at the same time. The students and staff held her in high regard, as did I. As we worked more closely together, I began to trust her… and as I had with Abby… I began to open up.
I started to share with her some of the incidences that were occurring in the house with John. She would look at me, and in her firm and loving way she would say, “That’s not normal. That’s just not a normal way for a man to react. I really think you need to go to counseling”. I explained to her that I had asked John to go to counseling with me and he had refused. There was one time, after I told him I thought I wanted a divorce, that he said he would… but when I asked him to choose a counselor he felt comfortable going to, he didn’t take that step. He told me it was “on his list of things to do”.
Nora encouraged me to go to counseling for myself. I was still unsure that these were not just normal marriage issues. I also had

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.413042
Retrieved Text: With trembling hands, Nora reached for the crumpled pack of cigarettes in her purse. She’d had them for little over a week now. She hadn’t felt a need to light one, but had bought them on a whim. Until now. She hadn’t seen him in months. It felt like years had skittered passed, careless of the aging lives they left in their wake.
Without a second thought, she shoved the white cylinder between her lips.
Nora didn’t have to look up to know who it was. She knew. She wished she didn’t, but you couldn’t undo the past. Could you? “Quitting is for quitters.” she said before lighting up. Instantly, the bittersweet fingertips of the tobacco tickled her lungs.
After a moment, she looked up at him. She was the same Nora he’d always known. Fun loving, delicate Nora was there somewhere. Lost. But she was there. When she spoke, he had hoped that she would tell him how much she missed him too. How she loved him. In those few short seconds, he had never wished for anything more.
“You have a wife to feel all those things. Have you forgotten?” Nora sighed tiredly, raising the cigarette to her lips. She inhaled one long last haul, not caring whether he liked it or not. Exhale. The world became the home of smoke screens. Birthed from ruby red lips, going off into the universe to discover truths and lies that needed shielding.
“Sometimes it’s not enough.” Gathering her purse, Nora left a couple of bucks on the table to pay for

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.207592
Retrieved Text: At first Nora just hung out around her old house and neighborhood. She saw her old elementary school where she had attended kindergarten through second grade. In fact, Nora remembered her parents taking her to a local market when she was in second grade. She had gone off by herself for a little while. She regretted stressing out her mother, but, aside from the worry she caused, she remembered that day as being remarkable — almost freeing.
As Nora made her way to the market, she began to remember a scene from long ago when she saw something in a nearby gutter. Nora’s mind visualized the edges of a face there. Nora blinked and the image in her mind flashed away. Meanwhile, the scene of the current day unfolded in front of her. She had walked the distance to the market so quickly it surprised her.
“I guess adult legs get you there faster than a child’s legs can.” Nora shrugged.
The speed in which she arrived there wasn’t the only thing that shocked Nora. The place didn’t seem the same as it had before. Nora assumed that was the way of it with memories, especially the memories of a child. Maybe it was the way the sky looked. Nora remembered the light cast a golden hue over everything back then. And there were a lot more people around before. They also seemed happier back then somehow. As Nora spied the rundown booths and roughened streets, she began to wonder whether her memory was faulty.
There was one memory left

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.082317
Retrieved Text: Nora Ellsworth, darling of London society, has her choice of eligible suitors, but since childhood, she has been expected to marry Jonathan Browning, a gentleman whose wealth and stability will someday secure the futures of Nora and her mother and sister. The family estate will pass to an odious male cousin upon the death of Nora’s father, and when he suddenly takes ill, her need to marry well becomes vitally important.
As Nora struggles with the idea of marrying without love, she finds herself increasingly drawn to Devlin Fausett, a man with dark eyes and intriguing conversation. But Devlin’s reputation as an indebted gambler is difficult to ignore. Despite the rumors from the ton and the marriage decision before her, Nora is determined to befriend the dashing Mr. Fausett, and his charms soon make it all but impossible to remember her duty. Until she learns the truth of her fortune. There is a way to keep her family’s estate, but the price is high: Nora must wed, as soon as possible. Torn between two very different men, she must make the ultimate decision. Will she be guided by her head or her heart?
A Tangled Inheritance is a very enjoyable story. It is well-written with great characters, and has just the right amount of intrigue with the scheming relations. The romance is sweet.
I felt that the message of the book was about trying to be true to oneself, especially while dealing with familial pressures.
For some reason the use of the word addiction throughout the story seemed too modern.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.931355
Retrieved Text: Some mornings Nora would wake up, and the little girl would be there. She would always be curled up in the darkest corner of the room, concealed behind the curtains. Her un-natural white skin, her bare feet, and a part of her burgundy-red dress would be clearly visible in the early morning light.
She looked wicked, and the very fact of her presence in the room seemed uncanny. But at the same time, Nora felt a compelling desire, almost a necessity, to look at her.
The child was always silent, Nora never heard the sound of her voice.
After a while, Nora would usually choose to ignore the intruder, closing her eyes again and pretending to be asleep. Then, as she would reopen her eyes, the corner would be finally empty, with nothing to suggest that the little one had ever existed.
Sometimes, as she walked through the Parisian winter, Nora wondered where the little girl could be hiding during the day. She worked at a school, teaching English to children, usually half-asleep herself.
I was Nora’s therapist, and the only person who knew about the little scary girl.
As Nora told me her secret about the little girl, I asked whether she knew how the child was feeling.
Nora thought that the little scary girl wanted to be let out of the room. These feelings of loneliness and fear were far too familiar to her: she had grown up surrounded by parents too busy with their own struggles, leaving her without any emotional support. After school, she would usually stay upstairs, doing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.29017
Retrieved Text: If you’re looking for a photographer that’s super flexible, responsive, and truly cares about what you’re looking for in your wedding photos then book Cory from Solare! You won’t be disappointed!
They made all of us feel comfortable in front of the camera and did an amazing job of capturing the entire day and all of our guests that were there. HIGHLY recommend Solare for anyone who is looking for a wedding photographer!
My wedding party and family still rave about the great work Solare did! Thank you Solare Wedding Photography for being so wonderful, I will continue to recommend you to all the brides-to-be!
I have worked with a decent amount of photographers throughout the years and have never felt more comfortable in front of the camera as I did with them.
Beautiful pictures, awesome photographer! Nora was one of the best decisions I could've made about my wedding. She really captured the love my husband and I have for each other.
Cory is absolutely amazing, I cannot praise her enough! She photographed my brothers wedding and I liked her so much I booked her for my own!
Nora is amazing at what she does! Solare is responsive, professional, and they produce the most perfect photographs!
Nora! What can I say! You have an artistic eye and the photos are just BEAUTIFUL!
We loved Nora so much, we flew her all the way down to Atlanta to photograph our wedding!
Cory, the pictures are absolutely incredible! Thank you for capturing our day!
Our pictures are stunning! Working with Cory was fun & stress free and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.214695
Retrieved Text: Colm T?ib?n returns to his native Wexford for the setting of Nora Webster , the story of a 45 year old woman widowed in the 1960s and her struggles for forge her own identity, fund her daughters in college and look after her younger sons.
The book opens shortly after Nora?s husband, Maurice, dies. Unable to work as a wife due to the marriage bar, it is with some reluctance that she returns to the job she had before she got married. Reluctant as she had wanted to do more with her life when she left school and now she was going to have to work under women much younger than her as well as an old enemy. You get the sense that Nora always wanted to do more with her life than work with an office and now it seems like a step backwards.
The reactions of the characters to events in the 1960s make for interesting reading. Nora is impressed with Charles Haughey because he increases the widows? pension whereas others need more convincing. Different members of the family are enthralled by the moon landing in 1969 and the various events that spark off the Northern Troubles. The reader is reminded of the greater divides between people of different religions then ? through discussions of whether Catholics or Protestants make the better employers, the different social circles and indeed, what her family might think of Nora if she reads the Irish Times, known otherwise as a ?Protestant paper?. Less than 50 years ago, it shows a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.967384
Retrieved Text: In light of the recent celebration of Bloomsday, the festival celebrating famed Irish author James Joyce, we here at Currach thought we’d take a look at the woman who inspired Joyce’s writing and the annual celebration itself: Nora Barnacle.
Hailing from Co. Galway, Nora Barnacle was the love of James Joyce’s life and evidently, his literary muse. Her character and likeness are visible in many of his published works. Joyce planted moments of his life and hers in his work, filling the page with his love and affection for her. When she moved to Dublin aged 19, Nora worked in the Finn’s Hotel in Dublin 2, a name which lends itself to Joyce’s “Finn’s Hotel”.
Nora met James on June 10th, 1904. They began their long-standing romance with a first date in Dublin on June 16th, 1904, building a relationship that would last for thirty-four years until Joyce’s death in 1941. Being the hopeless romantic he was, Joyce used June 16th as the date for his epic, Ulysses. Nora also became the inspiration for Leopold Bloom’s wife, Molly in Ulysses.
Joyce travelled twice to Galway with Nora throughout their time together and although his time there was infrequent, he fell in love with the county as quickly as he fell for Nora. Galway became a place Joyce could frequent in his literature, appearing in his short story, “The Dead” and his poem, “She Weeps Over Rahoon”. The love that Joyce felt for Nora is so clearly felt through his writing.
To read more about James Joyce and Nora Barnacle, visit

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.625923
Retrieved Text: Wir möchten einem außergewöhnlichen Talent ein großes Dankeschön sagen! Nora hat uns auf unserer Hochzeit begleitet und diesen besonderen Tag mit vielen Fotos eingefangen. Aber es sind nicht bloß Fotos, es sind wahre Kunstwerke!
Nora hat alle wichtigen Momente mit viel Leidenschaft ins richtige Licht gerückt und in Szene gesetzt. Wenn wir nun die Bilder ansehen, so können wir abermals die selben Emotionen fühlen wie an unserem besonderen Tag.
Wir können Nora nur weiterempfehlen und werden sie auch in Zukunft für unsere wichtigen Ereignisse berücksichtigen.
Nora is a very talented photographer, she is a fabulous, professional artist with a fifth sense to capture magic moments!
Her outstanding pictures tell us so well our story and will keep it alive forever!
We are delighted to have found her, she is a very kind, warm and funny person and we felt like old friends with her.
She was a special guest on our wedding day and everybody loved her.
Shooting was very easy and smooth, she saw the love and captured it.
We wish you a very long and great career, with lot of happy customers.
Thank you Nora, from the bottom of our hearts for these lovely, unforgettable memories.
Nora est une photographe extraordinaire, c’est une artiste géniale avec un cinquième sens pour capturer les moments magiques.
Ses photos incroyables nous racontent tellement bien notre histoire et la gardera intacte pour toujours.
Nous sommes ravis de l’avoir choisi, c’est une personne adorable, douce, nous avions l’impression d’être ses amis depuis des années.
Elle faisait totalement partie du mariage et tous les invites l’ont adorée.
Le shooting fut très agréable et particulièrement

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.454514
Retrieved Text: This past summer we opened our hearts and home to a rescue dog. Our family was thoughtful in this decision and searched for several months before finding our girl. No sooner did she cross the threshold of our front door and proceed to vomit from the travel and excitement, we knew she had found her forever home (vomit and all). As we sat and discussed some of the issues that Nora had with the rescue worker, we knew there might be some challenges ahead. We didn’t bat an eyelash and signed the adoption papers immediately. It has been a wonderful rollercoaster, mostly of blessings, since that time.
Within about a week, I knew there was something truly special about Nora. Certainly my lack of objectivity clouded my judgment some, but her overwhelming love of people caught my attention. I thought that a dog with so much love to give would be an ideal therapy dog. I mulled this over for a few weeks as Nora and our family got acclimated to one another. Eventually I came to the conclusion that instead of wondering if she could be a therapy dog, why not actually explore that option in the real world? This is where Maggie Marshall Dog Training came in the picture. I figured if nothing else, Nora would have to at minimum, learn some manners and improve on behaviors that were at times difficult to manage. After doing research online, Maggie seemed like the best fit for our training needs and we set up a time to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.454124
Retrieved Text: As a buyer or a seller, you want your real estate transactions to go smoothly. That means finding the exact home you're looking for, or selling your home promptly and for the best price. It means not having to worry, even if you're new to the real estate arena, or if you're moving thousands of miles away. You need an experienced professional. I will put my knowledge and experience to work to help you make your move a pleasant one. Make your choice wisely. The agent you choose will help you make many important decisions.
Nora is a professional through and through. Her knowledge of the real estate market is vast and her expertise in the Orange county area is broad. As a homeowner and resident of Coto de Caza Nora brings a personal knowledge that create a competitive edge over her colleagues. Nora is a expert negotiator and an excellent ambassador for her clients weather she is on the sellers side or the buyers side. I cannot say enough wonderful things about Nora and her professionalism her actions and history speak volumes. I would highly recommend Nora to anyone who is looking at buying a home or selling a home, you can be peaceful knowing that you have a trusted adviser and advocate to achieve your goals, she is the only real estate professional I will have on my team.
We did our due diligence and interviewed 4 local agents. After the process was completed it wasn't even close to whom we were going to select. Nora

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.188917
Retrieved Text: For small-town cop and single dad Hawk Savage, Christmas tends to be more hassle and worry than mistletoe and magic. His daughter, Heather, is ten going on teenager, while his son, Henry Lee, has decided he needs a mommy, ASAP. HL’s constant matchmaking is enough to break a father’s heart, but Hawk has a more immediate problem. His high-school girlfriend, Nora Joy, just arrived on his doorstep, claiming to be his family’s new Rent-A-Mom. He sure didn’t hire her, but he can’t throw Nora—and her long, long legs–out on the street.
Sidelined by injury, Olympic medal-winning volleyball player Nora receives a mysterious Rent-A-Mom job offer just when her finances, and her spirits, are at an all-time low. True, she’s not much for cooking. Or housekeeping. Still, it’s hard to resist Hawk’s children…and Hawk himself has changed from the lanky teenager she once knew to a strong, steady, very tempting man.
Nora pressed the doorbell and ran a hand over her hair, smoothing back some of the strands that had fallen loose from her ponytail. Everything had been going smoothly until her rental car broke down a half mile back.
As soon as she’d accepted the job, the company had overnight expressed her a uniform and arranged her ticket from California to North Carolina. The rental car was ready and waiting when she landed at the airport in Greensboro.
When the car shuddered and shimmied just before reaching her destination, Nora had eased it onto the side of the road and jogged the last half mile. Being an athlete, running a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.037556
Retrieved Text: Missed my recap of the half marathon? Check it out here. Without further ado, here is my mom’s post on running the marathon!
As Nora already mentioned, it was pretty cold at the start but we tried to convince ourselves that that was better than it being too hot.
It was sunny and breezy and I didn’t shed my throw away hoodie until about a mile and a half in, then settled in for a 10 min/mile pace. I felt good and tried to remember that my “Big Blue Book” had said that in the beginning “it should feel so easy that it’s crazy…” And weirdly, it did feel like that, so I resisted the urge to pick up the pace. Because I had eaten a protein bar sitting in the Tsongas arena, I didn’t fuel until mile six, when I did a GU and walked long enough to sip some water at the nearby water stop. I had decided not to carry water and to coordinate my fueling breaks with the water stops on the course. (It’s hard to get those gels down without a bit of water!) And I decided to see if I could skip my usual 1-minute walking break as I fueled. This seemed to work pretty well. I got to 13.1 in 2:14, still feeling good and decided to stick with that pace for a bit longer. I was also thinking about Nora; I knew she had finished by now and was wondering if she had gotten her PR. I was anxious to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.939503
Retrieved Text: Nora Campbell: Yeah, I know.
Sue Campbell: … I’m talking to the audience Nora.
Sue Campbell: (laughs) This is the Mommy’s Pen Podcast, I’m Sue Campbell, a writer and a children’s book author, and I’m here with my 11 year old daughter Nora. Nora, do you wanna say hi again?
Nora Campbell: Oh, yeah, sure. Hi.
Sue Campbell: (laughs) Uh, Nora, what book do you wanna talk about today?
Nora Campbell: Uh, My Name Is Victoria.
Sue Campbell: That’s a good one. And who wrote that?
Sue Campbell: And who the heck is Lucy Worsley?
Nora Campbell: Lucy Worsley is chief curator of hi- Historic Royal Palaces, also she’s a documentarist and you already know who she is.
Sue Campbell: What kind of documentaries does she do?
Sue Campbell: So tell me about My Name Is Victoria. What’s the book about?
Nora Campbell: You should read it.
Sue Campbell: Well, I will. You need to tell the audience what it’s about. So if you were gonna tell one of your friends to read it, what would you say?
Nora Campbell: I would say this is a great book and you have to read it, and I can’t explain why because that would ruin it, but you just have to read it.
Sue Campbell: … or a book report for school, what would you say?
Nora Campbell: I would say basically what I said earlier, except I would say this is a book about Miss. V. Conroy who is, um, a friend of Princess Victoria. She, um, is the daughter of John Conroy, which means that he’s tried to use her as

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.572844
Retrieved Text: Nora – TEN MONTHS OLD!
First and foremost I must introduce my new baby nephew Parker Allan who was born today February 17th weighing in at 6 lbs. 2 oz!
It was incredibly exciting and a great honor to be in the delivery room for his birth!! I’m over the moon happy for my sister, her husband and my nieces!!
BIG Miss Nora is thrilled to share her 10 month birthday with her new baby cousin!
William and I celebrated Valentine’s Day with a nice night out to dinner at a local steakhouse.
With it being Valentine’s Day we got a complimentary photo to commemorate the night! Sweet!
Of course we haven’t really been OUT OUT in such a long time. We had fun making fun of ourselves in our state of self-consciousness (or at least I did). First we pulled up in my filthy crumb-ridden “ordinary” vehicle to be valet parked among a lot full of Porsches and Mercedes. (Madame gracefully exits the vehicle with a granola bar stuck to her coat.) It would have been of same consequence had we pulled up with a team of oxen in our covered wagon. I’m so used to living in yoga pants and sweats within the comfortable confines of my own home that I have no idea what “all the cool kids” are wearing anymore. After digging around in my sparse closet for over an hour for something that might possibly still be in style, I felt like a fish out of water. As if though I ought to be standing in the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.4106
Retrieved Text: Nora Sawyer is in her final year pursuing her bachelors’ degree in Anthropology at the University of Oregon. At school, Nora is a member of the her university’s Primate Osteology Lab where she manages the collections’ database. She also trains new members, participates in dissections, and attends outreach events with the mission of increasing public knowledge of primate and human evolution. Nora also volunteers with PeaceJam, an organization that supports young people interested in social change through mentorship programs, workshops, classes and regional conferences.
Nora heard about Few for Change after studying abroad in Panama through the School for International Training in 2017. She did not visit the Nboge Bugle Comarca. However, over the course of the trip she started to understand that social change is a long process and requires individuals working together with similar goals in mind. For the independent study portion of the program she investigated how residents and activists felt about hydroelectric dams in the Chiriquí province. She learned that many individuals feel connected to local waterways through their livelihoods and childhood memories. Nora hopes that education and community workshops could give residents more power to protect fundamental resources like water. She applied to work with Few for Change, because she considers education fundamentally important. She looks forward to representing Few for Change on her college campus and possible collaboration with other student groups.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.365574
Retrieved Text: When playwright Henrik Ibsen ended “A Doll’s House” with a woman walking out on her husband and three children, it was a radical move for 1879, leaving the audience shocked and unsure of what their futures would bring.
Some may have expected her to come back regretfully shortly after, but who would have expected her unapologetic return 15 years later? But return she does, with a knock on the door that opens the “A Doll’s House Part 2,” a Tony Award-nominated play by Lucas Hnath which runs at The Huntington Theatre January 4 – Feb. 3.
But Nora Helmer is not just any novelist, and she isn’t returning to resume her marriage to her husband, Torvald, who raised their three children in her absence. She has written an anti-marriage story based on her own, and she comes back only to get Torvald to legalize their divorce. If he refuses, Nora faces imprisonment from a judge who wants vengeance because her book inspired his wife to leave him and who has the legal authority because Nora’ actions have been illegal for a married woman.
Waters, who directed the comic drama at the Berkley Repertory Theatre in California, said he wanted to direct the play because of the compelling issues Hnath explores and because the two are frequent collaborators. Waters also was intrigued that Hnath created characters for the servant, Anne Marie, and one of Nora’s children, Emmy. In the original play, Anne Marie was a background character who said little and Emmy was only two or three years old.
“It’s no

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.274199
Retrieved Text: The Flash focuses on Iris and Barry’s evolution as parents this week as they nurse Nora back to health after an unfortunate encounter with Cicada. Cicada has not been worth caring about so far (as has been the case with a lot of The Flash’s villains). Whether it’s Chris Klein’s performance or just that the character is rather dull. While it isn’t exactly clear as to why, he just hasn’t connected yet.
Cicada is all over the place in this episode as the team branches out to locate him when they learn he killed three metas the night before. Joe is still M.I.A. in Tibet (as a result of Jesse L. Martin’s injury) and Cisco is also nowhere to be seen as he was off working on the metahuman cure. Barry, Nora, Ralph, and Killer Frost arrive at Cicada’s location as he is preparing to kill a meta.
In the tussle, he ends up severely injuring Nora and paralyzing her. She remains unconscious back at S.T.A.R. Labs with her healing powers not quite working. Caitlin explains that everything is slowed down but sooner or later, the healing should begin. So how is Cicada finding all these metas on his own? Sherloque and Ralph learn that there is a list that the CCPD has and somehow Cicada has gotten his hands on it.
Unfortunately, Captain Singh isn’t convinced about a mole in the department when Cecile and Barry tell him about the list. In fact, he wants them to keep away from the investigation altogether. With no help from the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.08454
Retrieved Text: When Nora Paige's movie-star husband leaves her for his latest co-star, she flees Hollywood to take refuge in San Francisco at the Palace, an historic movie theater that shows the classic films she loves. There she finds a band of misfit film buffs who care about movies (almost) as much as she does.
Oh, and then there's Trixie, the lively ghost of a 1930's usherette who appears only to Nora and has a lot to catch up on. With the help of her new ghostly friend, can Nora catch the killer before there's another murder at the Palace?
First off, I'm going to state that I am a huge classic film fan. There isn't one I haven't seen, I own thousands of them myself, hundreds of biographies of actors from silent film right through the Golden Age of Hollywood (including those on directors, producers, studios and genres). I don't even watch newer films (aside from Christmas TV flicks) and haven't been to the theater in years. They just don't compare in either quality nor acting. (Oh, to have another Humphrey Bogart!) In fact, when I first read the list that Kate had left behind - Win, M, Lace, Sorry, Gas - I knew exactly what it was and its meaning. Therefore, I was able to piece everything together easily.
Having said that (as a heads up, of course) I was excited to read this book. Anyone who's a classic film buff would feel the same as I do, if only to read the many references strewn about. And trust

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.922707
Retrieved Text: Last weekend I read Nora Ephron’s slim volume of essays, “I Feel Bad About My Neck,” which was given to me by my boss.
I enjoyed these essays – there’s a lot to like here, they’re funny and accessible, and intimate – but as I read them I became conscious of not wanting my own essays to ever sound like them. Nora Ephron was very successful and very rich. While I’m glad she made a ton of money from her work, at times the privilege in these essays is so astounding I had roll my eyes and say to myself, “Oh yes, poor you, Nora Ephron. Poor you.” Good grief. She doesn’t claim to be anything other than privileged, though, so there’s that.
I now believe that what my mother meant when she said “Everything is copy” is this: When you slip on a banana peel, people laugh at you; but when you tell people you slipped on a banana peel, it’s your laugh. So you become the hero rather than the victim of the joke.
On the other hand, she concedes that perhaps her mother may merely have meant, “Everything is copy.” I like both ways of looking at it.
Posted in Reading, Writing. Tagged I Feel Bad About My Neck, Nora Ephron.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.849962
Retrieved Text: Nora Alghaslan (aka Willow) is a Wolf Spirit Radio listener and chatter who made an impression. This is her third show in 3 days.
The discussion started with discussing the Jinn. Nora explains how the Jinn are conceived of by the Saudi Arabians. A lucid dream brought Nora to another attitude toward the Jinn - one that Walt and Nancy also have. Are the Jinn really evil or good or are they both. And how do you control them? And how do you free them? In the second part Walt discussed Nora's Human Design and Nora expands on what that translates into in her own experiences.
Nora is a Saudi Italian 32 year old who has lived most of her life in Saudi Arabia. However, in the end of 2014 she left the country and has never returned since. The reason being is that she was shunned by her biological family for expressing her nonacceptance of double standards and for being who she wanted to be; someone who is open about who she is and does not like to put masks; something that women usually do in order to survive in a conservative environment. However, Nora was never a conformist unless she found what was demanded of her logical and fair. She questioned everything which lead her to be who she is today. Nora's website CLICK.
Nora appeared on two back-to-back shows Saturday, April 30, 2016 on WSR. The following YouTube videos are of those shows.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.802515
Retrieved Text: Kerri was great to work with! I had very specific requests and a lot of invitations to send out and she met every one of my requests and made the process very easy and enjoyable, not to mention that my invitations were PERFECT!! I would highly recommend Kerri with Nora Belle Designs to anyone!
I cannot stress how wonderful Kerri is at her job. She is so personable and friendly, which made it easy to connect with her right out the gate. She can create/make anything and did a wonderful job of giving alternatives to stay within our budget. We did two Save-the-Dates, one was a magnet, invitations, and wedding stationary such as name cards and programs. Every last bit of it turned out extraordinary! My guests loved the sparkly name cards so much that we had the DJs make an announcement for guests to wait before taking them home so that the waitstaff could be able to serve the correct dishes! It was an absolute joy to work with Kerri and I highly recommend her to anybody needing print services for wedding or other events!
Kerri with Nora Belle Design did such a beautiful and creative job with incorporating our table names onto her gorgeous and elegantly designed name cards for our wedding reception as well as the guest place cards. She was professional, very flexible, timely, great at communicating information via text, email and or phone, very willing to deliver the finished product to the wedding venue, friendly and so excited along with us throughout the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.615503
Retrieved Text: Just then, a pair of Greek Fire (or this universe's equivalent, since we don't have any Greeks) grenades landed in the middle of the dweller horde, promptly shattering and spewing flames all over them. The few who avoided it were promptly beheaded by the guard captain, who had come roaring back to their location.
With all the dwellers in the immediate vicinity dead, the captain snapped to attention and threw a mocking salute at the corpses.
"Up yours, maggots!" he barked, before turning back to the player characters, "What are you ladies all standing around for!? We've secured the objective!"
Were they all to peak around the corner, they'd find the area in front of the warehouse to be cleared of hostiles. Also, all the guards were dead too.
"Uh, I'm a man!" Karl pointed-out dumbly.
"Form up! It's time to recover that secret weapon!" the captain barked, ignoring Karl.
Vance recovered the floorboard and helped Nora off the ground, the latter getting real tired of the ground pound.
Angel had a few questions buzzing in her mind right now, but figured she didn't really want to be the target of a creative insult by the captain during which time more dwellers could arrive and stick them all, so she remained quiet and followed orders.
Evelyn bit back a few choice words, specifically regarding the lack of "we" in securing anything due to lack of surviving guards. In her mind the Captain's leadership was horrendous, and his strategy probably amounted to "throw bodies at the problem". Not the kind of leader she'd willingly follow.
"June,"

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.592781
Retrieved Text: The evening of William’s birthday he wanted to take Nora on a run accompanied by Gavin on his bike. As Greta and I were seeing them off from the driveway THREE of the many chimney swifts that live in our chimney swooped down low almost right in front of Nora in her stroller. We were at first surprised that birds had come so close, but then realized there were THREE of them and it made perfect sense! We can hear the birds chittering and chattering through the fireplace at night, which means they can probably hear us too. They must know that a really special, sweet, sweet baby lives here!
I worked on the yard a little bit while the boys n’ baby were gone and the trio of birds continued to circle around together.
I try to remind myself daily what a huge huge miracle it is that Nora eats on her own! My eyes well up with tears of gratitude when people are surprised at how chunky and healthy she looks! And now to hear that she’s actually above 10th percentile is just crazy awesome!! She has come such a long way from the tiny little “chicken wing” we brought home – and all on her own!
We’ve had some setbacks with solid foods recently, perhaps because of the gritty antibiotic she had been on during her fevers–that’s the only thing we can think of. She absolutely HATED that stuff! Developmentally it is awesome that she can correlate the sight of her spoon with feedings, but not

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.564114
Retrieved Text: Time for another free story for Flash Fiction Friday. I wrote this one ten years ago after visiting my favorite haunted place in America for the first time, which just happens to be in my own town: Waverly Hills Sanatorium – an abandoned tuberculosis hospital that opened for business back in 1928. Thousands of men, women and children died there in the forty years it was operational. Some very strange things happened to me during my second visit, but that’s a long story for another time.
The sudden spray of watery blood stained the skirt of Nora’s crisp, white uniform. She caught the glass as it fell and laid a comforting hand on her patient’s shoulder. When the violent coughing spell had ceased, the woman met Nora’s sympathetic gaze with tear-filled, sunken eyes.
Mrs. Davidson only had a few more weeks to live. Nora recognized the signs.
Nora’s last twelve-hour shift had begun five hours earlier at 6:00 p.m. She would take a break around midnight and run back to the dormitory to change her uniform. Bloodstains upset her littlest patients.
The children – they were the reason she had to leave. She couldn’t bear to watch any more of them waste away and die from the “white death” that was tuberculosis.
At midnight, she left the third floor nurse’s station and headed down the hallway to the elevator, her soft-soled shoes making no noise on the red and black tiles. It was quiet now except for the occasional hiss of a radiator, or the sound of a patient coughing.
Nora rode

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.458263
Retrieved Text: Stillborn and Still Breathing: Her Name is "Honor"
Well her name is Nora, but it means "woman of honor" in Latin, or "light" in Arabic. Even better in Hebrew Nora means "awesome." I think my daughter is pretty awesome. She is the light of my life, even if she is no longer with me, and now all I must do is "honor" her memory here on earth. It's kind of bizzare how her name has forshadowed her future.
Before Nora's death I never much believed in fate and I'm still unclear if I do or not. However, since she passed away I sometimes get this feeling that the concept of linear time does not exist. That I am living my life at every age and every stage all at the same time in different parts of the universe and my reality is just the moment that I am aware of. I know this is trippy, but I say this because I feel as if my daughter was just destined to be "Nora" because a different Lindsey had already determined it to be so and knew that I would spend the rest of my life honoring her instead of being with her.
For instance, when Nick and I were searching for baby names, we could never settle on a boy's name, we had a whole list that we liked, but when searching for girls names we never even created a list because we couldn't agree on anyone girl name that we liked. Then one night, as I was laying in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.38629
Retrieved Text: Major spoilers below for The Flash's 100th episode, which featured all kinds of crazy moments. Be sure to watch before reading on!
The Flash's cast and crew have been talking up Episode 100 for quite a while now. Thankfully, the action-packed "What's Past is Prologue" lived up to expectations, and even went beyond some of them. Time travel, villainous returns and big twists helped make this one of The Flash's most fun and intriguing episodes to date. And we need to talk about it.
Without further ado -- at least caused by anyone in the present -- let's start things off with a key piece of info that fans have been waiting for since the Season 4 premiere.
For a full year or so, The Flash fans have wondered about the strange doodles and symbols that both Barry and Nora were seen jotting down in Season 4. Episode 100 finally cleared up part of that mystery: it's a time language that Nora created in order to keep track of events regardless of changes to the timeline. In fact, it's what Nora has been using to clue 2049's Eobard Thawne in on things.
One answer doesn't sate all curiosities though, either ours or Sherloque Wells'. If Nora created the language, how was Barry using it when he escaped the Speed Force? Is it tied to Reverse-Flash, who obviously learns how to read the doodles in the future, being trapped in the Speed Force at some point? Why were they on The Thinker's face, though?
What Happened To Dawn West-Allen?
During Barry and Nora's

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.350294
Retrieved Text: We’d love your help. Let us know what’s wrong with this preview of The Hot Young Widows Club by Nora McInerny.
From the host of the popular podcast, Terrible, Thanks for Asking, comes a wise, humorous roadmap and caring resource for anyone going through the loss of a loved one—or even a difficult life moment.
In the span of a few weeks, thirty-something Nora McInerny had a miscarriage, lost her father to cancer, and lost her husband due to a brain tumor. Her life fell apart.
What Nor From the host of the popular podcast, Terrible, Thanks for Asking, comes a wise, humorous roadmap and caring resource for anyone going through the loss of a loved one—or even a difficult life moment.
What Nora discovered during this dark time is that, when you’re in these hard moments, it can feel impossible to feel like even a shadow of the person you once were. People will give you all sorts of advice of how to hold onto your sanity and sense of self. But how exactly? How do you find that person again? Welcome to The Hot Young Widows Club, Nora’s response to the toughest questions about life’s biggest struggles.
To ask other readers questions about The Hot Young Widows Club, please sign up.
A fascinating consideration of the question: how do you survive grief? It inspired me to listen to McInerny's podcast, "Terrible, Thanks for Asking."
It’s not often that I read an entire book in one sitting, but Hot Young Widows Club by Nora McInerny is one of those books that I

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.316877
Retrieved Text: The essay is a critical analysis of the play, A Doll’s House written by a Norwegian playwright Ibsen Henrik back in 21 December 1879. It deemed to be the most famous of the writers play and has been read in many institutions of learning. The play is written in three main acts and has been very influential in what human kind thought. The essay will briefly summarize the play plot, list the characters and discuss in details the main themes of the play. It is worth noting that in any piece of art, it is the characters that are used to bring forth the main objectives of any play or literature. On the same note, the setting of the play is in Helmer’s apartment in which all the three acts take place. Similarly, the ball room and Torvald study formed part of the play setting where Nora danced and some off-stage action taking place in that order.
The characters in the play are broadly categorized into two groups; main characters and minor characters. The formers constitute of Torvald Helmer a lawyer and was promoted as a bank manager and a husband to Nora, Nora is the wife to Torvald she left her husband because she was being treated as a kid, Dr. Rank a secrete admirer of Nora and suffers from spinal Tuberculosis, Krogstad the person whom Nora borrowed money for treating Torvald (Ibsen 2).
Other characters categorized as minor include, Linde Christine an old friend of Nora seeking to get a job, the three kids of Helmers,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.259901
Retrieved Text: A Doll's House focuses on Nora, a housewife who comes into her own over the course of the play. Years ago, Nora borrowed money to help her husband, Torvald, when he was ill, forging her father's signature to do so. Her actions come back to her when Torvald finds out and becomes angry. He has a change of heart later on, but Nora has already decided that she needs to leave him, as he doesn't love her and she no longer loves him.
The play opens at Christmas time as Nora Helmer enters her home carrying a number of packages. Nora's husband Torvald is working in his study when she arrives. He playfully rebukes her for spending so much money on Christmas gifts, calling her his "little squirrel". He teases her about how she spent weeks making gifts and ornaments by hand last year because money was scarce. This year Torvald is due a promotion at the bank where he works, so Nora feels that they can let themselves go a little. The maid announces two visitors: Mrs. Kristine Linde, an old friend of Nora's, who has come seeking employment, and Dr. Rank, a close friend of the family, who is let into the study. Kristine has had a difficult few years, ever since her husband died leaving her with no money or children. Nora explains that things have not been easy for them either: Torvald became sick and they had to travel to Italy so he could recover. Kristine further explains that when her mother was

================



