======= Instance Index 7974 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what do organellescontain?" and the following answer choices: 
- Energy
 - honeybees
 - sensory neurons
 - matter vibrating
 - aerobic capacity
 - bioaerosols
 - alveoli
 - chlorophyll

Now knowing that chloroplasts contain the green pigment chlorophyll and mitochondrion and chloroplast for example are organelles, choose the best answer.

Target Text: chlorophyll

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 5.6571045
Retrieved Text: STRUCTURAL ENGINEER What I think I do What my parents think I do What my friends think I do What architects think I do. What contractors think I do. What I actually do.
Sales Rep What My Friends Think I Do. What My Mom Thinks I Do. What My Neighbors Think I Do. What My Boss Thinks I Do What I Think I Do. What I Actually Do.
PE Teacher What my friends think I do. What my mom thinks I do. What society thinks I do. What my boss thinks I do. What the kids thing I do. What I actually do.
Studying civil engineering What my friends think I do. What my mom thinks I do. What society thinks I do. What my teachers think I do. What I think I do. What I actually do.
Lifeguards What my friends think I do. What my mom thinks I do. What society thinks I do. What my boss thinks I do. What kids think I do. What I actually do.
Project Manager What my mom thinks I do What my friends think I do What society thinks I do What my team thinks I do What I think I do. What I actually do.
women Firefighters What my friends think I do. What my mum thinks I do What society thinks I do. What my 'day job' thinks I do. What I think I do. What I actually do.
LTL Truck Driver What my friends think I do What the customer thinks I do. What my dispatcher thinks I do. What the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 5.634759
Retrieved Text: Terrific What Do Architects Daily Pictures Design Ideas. Amusing What Do Architects At Their Jobs Pics Ideas. Charming What Do Architects Pictures Design Inspiration. Enchanting What Do Architects Daily Images Design Inspiration. Amusing What Do Architects List Photo Decoration Inspiration. Astonishing What Do Architects Daily Pics Design Inspiration. Stunning What Do Architects At Work Photo Decoration Inspiration. Mesmerizing What Do Architects At Their Jobs Images Decoration Ideas. Mesmerizing What Do Architects At Work Images Design Ideas. Extraordinary What Do Architects Daily Images Design Ideas. Glamorous What Do Architects After College Pics Inspiration. Amazing What Do Architects At Work Pics Ideas. Astounding What Do Architects Day To Pictures Inspiration.
Amazing What Do Architects At Work Pictures Ideas. Fascinating What Do Architects At Their Jobs Pictures Decoration Ideas. Charming What Do Architects At Work Photo Decoration Inspiration. Fascinating What Do Architects At Work Images Inspiration. Do You Think Women Can Have A Good Work Life Balance In Architecture. Terrific What Do Architects At Work Pics Ideas. Cool What Do Architects Day To Images Decoration Inspiration. Awesome What Do Architects Images Design Ideas. Poster P Infographic What Do Architects Design. Terrific What Do Architects Day To Images Decoration Ideas. Charming What Do Architects At Work Pictures Decoration Inspiration. Surprising What Do Architects At Work Pics Decoration Ideas. Mesmerizing What Do Architects List Pictures Decoration Inspiration.
Awesome What Do Architects After College Photo Decoration Ideas. Interesting What Do Architects At Work Images Design Ideas. Appealing What Do Architects After College Photo Inspiration. Terrific What Do Architects List Photo Decoration Inspiration. Inspiring What

########
Rank: 2
Score: 5.6235456
Retrieved Text: What do I typically do to provide clear learning goals and scales (rubrics)?
What do I typically do to track student progress?
What do I typically do to celebrate success?
What do I typically do to establish and maintain classroom rules and procedures?
What do I typically do to organize the physical layout of the classroom?
What do I typically do to identify critical information?
What do I typically do to organize students to interact with new knowledge?
What do I typically do to preview new content?
What do I typically do to chunk content into digestible bites?
What do I typically do to help students process new information?
What do I typically do to help students elaborate on new information?
What do I typically do to help students record and represent knowledge?
What do I typically do to help students reflect on their learning?
What do I typically do to review content?
What do I typically do to organize students to practice and deepen knowledge?
What do I typically do to use homework?
What do I typically do to help students examine similarities and differences?
What do I typically do to help students examine errors in reasoning?
What do I typically do to help students practice skills, strategies, and processes?
What do I typically do to help students revise knowledge?
What do I typically do to organize students for cognitively complex tasks?
What do I typically do to engage students in cognitively complex tasks involving hypothesis generation and testing?
What do I typically do to provide resources and guidance?
What do I typically do to notice when students are not engaged?
What do I typically do to use academic

########
Rank: 3
Score: 5.607827
Retrieved Text: what do aphids look like they are actually a soft bodied scale and you rarely will see them move with the naked eye woolly aphids create a similar layer of white coating what do aphids look like on petunias annual or perennial.
what do aphids look like get rid of aphids on weed plants what do aphids look like on begonias.
what do aphids look like identifying aphid predator midge how to find aphid midge eggs and larvae what do aphids look like on plants.
what do aphids look like rounder bugs are adult aphids while the white smaller thinner bugs are young aphids nymphs note if youre seeing white bugs that look like tiny what do aphids look like on petunias hanging.
what do aphids look like economic threshold what do aphids look like on petunias annual or perennial.
what do aphids look like aphids are small soft bodied insects which are usually 2 4 mm long aphids often cluster on young shoots and flower buds or underneath older leaves what do aphids look like on hibiscus.
what do aphids look like using alcohol to control aphids what do aphids look like on petunias restaurant.
what do aphids look like ladybug eating aphid after aphid aphid control how to identify and get rid of aphids the old using alcohol to control aphids.
what do aphids look like what aphids look like what do aphids look like on petunias hanging.
what do aphids look like other beneficial predators of the aphid include lacewing larvae soldier beetles and syrphid fly larvae what do aphids look like

########
Rank: 4
Score: 5.595747
Retrieved Text: what do interior designers do what interior design do you prefer earth zodiac sign knows interior home interior designers salary in india.
what do interior designers do do not paint your walls white interior trends ultimate checklist interior designers nyc apartments.
what do interior designers do interior design 5 cheap interior designers near me.
what do interior designers do what does an interior designer do what does an interior designer do as interior design career interior designers institute in delhi.
what do interior designers do articulations medium size what does an interior designer actually do articulations large size commercial interior design raleigh nc.
what do interior designers do interior design firms raleigh nc.
what do interior designers do how to get an what interior designers do interior design blogs interior designers dallas fort worth.
what do interior designers do office anterior design firm m associates site photography by interior designers salary in sri lanka.
what do interior designers do what inspiration do you draw from to inform your design idea patrick lewis interior designer charlotte nc.
what do interior designers do how become interior designer modern interior designers chicago.
what do interior designers do no do it yourself interior decorator dallas texas.
what do interior designers do furniture from car tires tire recycling do it yourself interior designers near me now.
what do interior designers do interior designers salary in dubai.
what do interior designers do interior designer vs interior decorator interior designers salary in sri lanka.
what do interior designers do what does an interior designer do vibrant creative is the best app for design interior designers dallas.
what do

########
Rank: 5
Score: 5.567205
Retrieved Text: What are the signs of reversible pulpitis?
What are the signs of irreversible pulpitis?
What are the signs of Acute apical periodontitis?
What are the signs of Chronic apical periodontitis?
What are the signs of an acute exacerbation of CAP?
What are the signs of Acute apical abscess?
When do you give antibiotics?
When should you send a patient to hospital?
Where does infection spread when apices close to the lingual cortical plate?
Where does infection from the mandibular molars spread?
Where do midface infections spread?
How can infection lead to blindness?
How can infection get to the posterior mediastinum?
What is it called when infection gets into the bone?
What % of septicaemia cases lead to death?
What are the general routes of infection for the upper teeth?
What are the general routes of infection for the lower teeth?
How does diabetes effect tooth infection?
How does smoking and alcohol effect tooth infection?
If abscess is serious and life threatening what antibiotics do you give?
What are the SDCEP guidelines for antibiotics?
When should you consider a lower dose of antibitics?
What is the % risk of allergy to penicillins?
What is a common side effect of penicillins?
What dose of amoxicillin is prescribed?
What dose of phenoxymethylpenicillin is used?
What dose of metronidazole is used?
When should metronidazole not be used?
When is tetracycline (doxycycline) used?
Why is erythromycin not very useful for dental infections?
What are the steroid cover guidelines (at UH Bristol)?
When do we treat and individual on chemotherapy if required?
What are the contraindications to ibuprofen?
What can cause increased risk of bleeding?
What extra tests are needed for kidney disease?
How do we treat Haemophilia A extractions?
How do we treat Von Willebrand disease extractions?
How

########
Rank: 6
Score: 5.563124
Retrieved Text: What kind of a nose do you have also 1316512206.82?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316512188.9?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316512187.31?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316512169.67?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316512168.58?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316512150.15?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316512149.31?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511652.24?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511649.62?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511648.37?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511647.38?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511641.83?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511625.04?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511614.21?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511614.23?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511613.14?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511517.43?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511516.9?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511505.28?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511504.96?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511493.81?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511493.46?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511481.85?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511481.24?
What kind of a nose do you have also 1316511476.59?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 5.5495462
Retrieved Text: what size bathroom fan do i need bathroom fan duct size bathroom fans full size of profile bathroom fan bathroom fans exhaust fans bathroom fan duct size what size cable do i need for a bathroom fan.
what size bathroom fan do i need sizing a bathroom fan bathroom bathroom fan sizing innovative on inside small 8 bathroom fan sizing sizing a bathroom fan small size bathroom exhaust fan.
what size bathroom fan do i need nice bathroom fan sizing and exhaust size best what size cable do i need for a bathroom fan.
what size bathroom fan do i need wire wiz electrician services bathroom exhaust fan installation content 3 how do i know what size bathroom fan i need.
what size bathroom fan do i need tags bath fan how do i know what size bathroom fan i need.
what size bathroom fan do i need install a smaller fan size of bathroom fan duct.
what size bathroom fan do i need quietest bathroom fan with light whisper quiet medium size of fans wire size bathroom fan.
what size bathroom fan do i need standard size bathroom exhaust fan bathroom throughout fantastic bathroom exhaust fan size what size bathroom fan should i use.
what size bathroom fan do i need bathroom vent duct size stunning standard fan com home interior 6 what size bathroom fan should i use.
what size bathroom fan do i need the pipe visible is the bathroom exhaust without the spacers under it yet what size cable do i need for a bathroom fan.
what size bathroom fan do i

########
Rank: 8
Score: 5.5476217
Retrieved Text: This song is by a-ha and appears on the album Lifelines (2002).
What do you see? What do you know? One sign, what do I do?
What if it hurts? What then? What do we do? What do you say?
What do you see? Where do we go? One sign, how do we grow?
What if we do? What now? What do you say? How do I know?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 5.5421476
Retrieved Text: How do I Choose the Best Sculpting Workout?
What are the Different Methods of Abdominal Toning?
How Do I Choose the Best Home Fitness Plan?
How do I Choose the Best Prescription Cycling Eyewear?
How do I get the Best Heart Rate During Cardio?
What is a Low-Density Lipoprotein?
What is the Vegetarian Pregnancy Diet?
How Do I Choose the Best Source of Vitamin K?
How Do I Choose the Best Compact Home Gym?
What are the Different Types of Rear Deltoid Exercises?
How do I Choose the Best Metabolic Diet?
What is a Step Instructional Video?
What is a COPD Diet?
How do I Choose the Best Ephedra Supplements?
What are the Health Benefits of a Vitamin D Supplement?
What are Raw Foods Restaurants?
What are the Best Tips to Reduce Appetite?
What are Different Types of Home Workouts for Women?
What are the Best Tips for Neonatal Nutrition?
How do I Choose the Best Egg Protein Powder?
How do I Choose the Best Bone Supplements?
How do I do Yoga for Back Pain?
What are Online Fitness Classes?
What are the Best Tips for Appetite Control?
How do I Choose the Best Weight Training Program?
How do I Choose the Best Dietary Supplements?
How do I Choose the Best Weight Loss Group?
How do I Choose the Best Fat Burning Cardio Workout?
How do I Encourage Childhood Fitness?
How do I Choose the Best Weight Loss Guide?
What are the Different Types of Strength Fitness Equipment?
What are the Different Types of Online Yoga Resources?
What is a Digital Body Fat Caliper?
How do I Choose the Best Kids' Fitness DVD?
What are the Uses of Soy Protein Powder?
What are Some Soy Protein Benefits?
How do I get a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 5.5372696
Retrieved Text: What Do The Letters Sos Stand For what do the letters sos stand for what does sos stand for and what does it mean. what do the letters sos stand for the origins of sos and mayday oxfordwords blog templates. what do the letters sos stand for what does sos mean slanguide ideas. What Do The Letters Sos Stand For what do the letters sos stand for what does sos mean sos definitions abbreviation finder. what do the letters sos stand for sos heres what this abbreviation really means readers digest template. what do the letters sos stand for why was morse code invented wonderopolis printable. What Do The Letters Sos Stand For what do the letters sos stand for sos heres what this abbreviation really means readers digest template.
What Do The Letters Sos Stand For what do the letters sos stand for the origins of sos and mayday oxfordwords blog templates. what do the letters sos stand for what does sos mean slanguide ideas. what do the letters sos stand for what does sos mean sos definitions abbreviation finder. what do the letters sos stand for sos heres what this abbreviation really means readers digest template. what do the letters sos stand for why was morse code invented wonderopolis printable.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 5.527603
Retrieved Text: CrypticImagesLatest When Do Polls Close news and image galleries.
When Do Polls Open And Close?.
Map: What time do the polls close in your state? - wptv.com. Map: What time do the polls close in your state?
Poll closing times by state - POLITICO.
What time do the polls close? - Vox. What time do the polls close?
At what time do the polls close? | Archy Worldys. At what time do the polls close?
2018 Election Day State by State Poll Closing Times. Your polling place may not close at this time; check voting hours with your local election officials.
What time do polls close on Election Day? A state-by-state guide .... Polls are open in most states for at least 12 hours.
Election Day 2018: What time do the polls close?. Polls close in Alaska. + Voters were lined up outside of the Vigo County Annex in Terre Haute, Ind.
US midterms 2018 - when do polls open and close and what are the .... US midterms 2018 – when do polls open and close and what are the latest vote predictions?
What time do polls close? [Politico] https://is.gd/NJSxoY ②⓪①⑥ .... What time do polls close? [Politico] https://is.gd/NJSxoY ②⓪①⑥ ①① ⓪⑧ #USPoli.
Brazil election 2018: When do polls close? What time will we have a .... Brazil election 2018: When do polls close?
What time do polls open?. What time do polls in Ohio close?
What Time Do the Polls Close in South Carolina?.
US midterms 2018 - when do polls open and close and what are the .... This will lead to a list of the nearest

########
Rank: 12
Score: 5.5246596
Retrieved Text: what size furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft house size furnace 1000 square foot house.
what size furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft house what grade of filter do you need what size electric furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft house.
what size furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft house size for comfort and savings size furnace 1000 square foot house.
what size furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft house what size generator do i need chart what size furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft house.
what size furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft house find a certified pro what size furnace for 1000 square foot home.
what size furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft house after furnaces size furnace 1000 square foot house.
what size furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft house how many does a furnace need for a house what size furnace for 1000 square foot home.
what size furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft house image titled calculate per square foot step 4 what size furnace do i need for a 1000 square foot house.
what size furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft house calculate how many are needed to heat home what size furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft house.
what size furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft house what size electric furnace do i need for a 1000 sq ft

########
Rank: 13
Score: 5.5243936
Retrieved Text: harbringer: what do you bring?
chanteur: what do you sing?
pardoner: what do you cleanse?
sandman: what lies do you tell?
oracle: what do you see?
proctor: who do you serve?
puppeteer: who do you own?
poltergeist: what do you fear?
monitor: who do you watch?
spook: what do you break?
artificer: what do you make?
usurer: what do you charge?
masquer: who do you hide?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 5.5198145
Retrieved Text: what to do with cucumbers from the garden cucumbers cucumber growing tips in a greenhouse.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden cucumber sprouts growing garden cucumbers turning white.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden bush champion cucumber seeds and plants vegetable gardening at cucumber growing tips youtube.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden cucumber avocado soup with prosciutto toasts cucumbers garden dying.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden creamy cucumbers are our favorite thing to do with garden fresh make them by cucumber growing tips pdf.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden figure 2 inadequate pollination results in fruit abortion or the formation of misshapen fruit cucumbers growing tips.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden cucumber garden sweet hybrid cucumber growing yellow flowers.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden bush pickle cucumbers cucumber growing tips trellis.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden how to freeze cucumber and make different recipes cucumber growing tips trellis.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden growing cucumbers vertically cucumber growing tips trellis.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden growing cucumbers cucumber growing tips youtube.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden tips for growing cucumbers cucumber growing tips uk.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden what makes garden cucumbers taste bitter.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden cucumber pomegranate salad answered the question what to do with cucumbers cucumber growing tips trellis.
what to do with cucumbers from the garden i love eating healthy real food cucumbers garden.
what to do

########
Rank: 15
Score: 5.515729
Retrieved Text: 12 Creative Home Design Ideas For Old Tree Stumps Im Doing 5 Within What To Do With Tree Stumps Prepare | Jenniferumphress.com what to do with an old tree stump. what can you do with tree stumps. what can i do with tree stumps in my garden.
Tree Stump Chair Neatorama Throughout What To Do With Tree Stumps Decorating. Whimsical Fairy Garden Tree Stump Stool Rest A Flower Pot On Top Or Intended For What To Do With Tree Stumps Ideas. 10 Amazing Tree Stump Ideas For The Garden Balcony Garden Web Inside What To Do With Tree Stumps Decorating. 12 Old Tree Stumps Turned Into Beautiful Flower Planters Bored Panda Pertaining To What To Do With Tree Stumps Renovation. How To Remove A Tree Stump Painlessly The Family Handyman Pertaining To What To Do With Tree Stumps Decorating. 10 Great Things To Do With Tree Stumps In The Garden Tree Stump Throughout What To Do With Tree Stumps Ideas. 10 Amazing Tree Stump Ideas For The Garden Balcony Garden Web Inside What To Do With Tree Stumps Ideas. Sew Many Ways Diy Tic Tac Toe Tree Stump Pertaining To What To Do With Tree Stumps Ideas. 4 Ways To Remove Tree Stumps Home And Gardening Ideas Inside What To Do With Tree Stumps Decorating. Recycling Tree Stumps For Yard Decorations To Remove Tree Stumps Regarding What To Do With Tree Stumps Renovation. Top 10 Amazing Things To Do With Tree Stumps Youtube Intended For What To Do With Tree Stumps Plan. Genius Things To Do With

########
Rank: 16
Score: 5.5104084
Retrieved Text: What Is the Role of Capital Markets?
How Do I Choose the Best Bank Account?
How Do I Choose the Best Joint Checking Account?
What Is a Child Endowment?
What Are the Best Tips for Making Extra Money?
What Is an Infrastructure Trust?
What Are the Different Types of Money Management Resources?
How Do I Choose the Best Child Support Support Group?
What Are the Different Types of Money Management Accounts?
What Is a Funds Statement?
What Are the Benefits of Letters of Credit?
What Are the Best Tips for Investing in Foreign Stock Markets?
How Do I Choose the Best CPA?
What Is a Decay Factor?
What Is a Mock Auction?
How Do I Settle a Property Insurance Claim?
How Do I Check an IPO Allotment Status?
What Is an Adjustment Provision?
How Do I Choose the Best IT IPO?
How Do I Choose the Best Comprehensive Coverage?
What Is a Refunded Bond?
How Do I Choose the Best Payday Loan Franchise?
How Do I Choose the Best Retirement Software?
What Is the Relationship between Commodity and Trade Finance?
What Is a Box Option?
What Are the Best Tips for Choosing Stocks?
What Is a Buy Signal?
What are the Different Types of Bankruptcy in the United States?
What are the Different Types of Government Grants for Individuals?
How do Tenant Loans Work?
Where can I get Good Mortgage Advice?
What Are the Pros and Cons of Pension Selling?
What is a Best Bid?
How Do I Retrieve a Forgotten PIN Number?
How do I Succeed in Stock Market Investment?
What is a Yield to Maturity?
How can I Start an Investment Club?
How do I Obtain the Best Money Market Yields?
What are the Best Money Management Tips?
How Do I Plan a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 5.509704
Retrieved Text: What is PUP.Optional.GoodGame and how do I remove it?
What is PUP.Optional.UsTechSupport and how do I remove it?
What is PUP.Optional.MyCleanPC and how do I remove it?
What is PUP.Optional.Amonetize.Gen and how do I remove it?
What is PUP.Optional.BitsInstall.BITSRST and how do I remove it?
What is PUP.Optional.DNSUnlocker.ACMB2 and how do I remove it?
What is PUP.Optional.ZenPC.TskLnk and how do I remove it?
What is PUP.Optional.Amonetize and how do I remove it?
What is PUP.Optional.BitsInstall and how do I remove it?
What is PUP.Optional.DNSUnlocker and how do I remove it?
What is PUP.Optional.ZenPC and how do I remove it?
What is PUP.Optional.REGUtilities and how do I remove it?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 5.4972267
Retrieved Text: What do you have to use or to lose?
WORKSHEET – What do you want to do? What don’t you want to do?
What does the successful marketing plan focus on?
How do you build a marketing plan?
What do you sell? What do customers buy?
What are your choices of distribution?
What should you consider before choosing your distribution method?
What types of market research should you do?
What types of packaging issues should you address?
Why do customers buy? What’s in it for them?
How do you use benefits to motivate customers?
What are the three basic objectives when promoting your product?
Advertising, Marketing, Promotion – What’s the difference?
What should you consider when pricing your products or services?
How do you feel about selling your products or services?
How can you be more successful at selling?
How do you build your marketing plan?
What do you do now that your marketing plan is done?
What does the successful cash flow plan focus on?
Why do cash flow planning?
How Do You Create A Cash Flow Plan?
What is cash for goods or services?
What is cash for operations?
A problem: is it a crisis or an opportunity?
What Does Form of Business Mean?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 5.4970713
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 02:26:52 am at 04/22/2019 02:26:52 am in What Do You Need To Install Carpet.
what do you need to install carpet how to install trim before the carpet trim installation maintenance what do you need to install carpet.
how do you install carpet squares,what do you need to.install carpet on concrete yourself,what do you install carpet with or against traffic flow,what do you use to install carpet tiles,what tools do i need to install carpet on stairs,what do i need to install carpet on stairs,what do you install carpet with furniture,how do you install carpet tack strips,what do you install carpet with stretcher,what do you install carpet without tack,what do you install carpet without removing.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 5.496851
Retrieved Text: Comments Off on What Can I Do With an International Management MBA?
Comments Off on What Can I Do With a Project Management MBA?
Comments Off on What Can I Do With a Sustainability MBA?
Comments Off on What Can I Do With a Finance MBA?
Comments Off on What Can I Do With a Social Media MBA?
Comments Off on What Can I Do With an Economics MBA?
What Can I Do With a Forensic Accounting MBA?
Comments Off on What Can I Do With a Forensic Accounting MBA?
What Can I Do With A Business Analytics MBA?
Comments Off on What Can I Do With A Business Analytics MBA?
What Can I Do With a Cyber Security MBA?
Comments Off on What Can I Do With a Cyber Security MBA?
What Can I Do With a Law Enforcement and Security MBA?
Comments Off on What Can I Do With a Law Enforcement and Security MBA?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 5.4952555
Retrieved Text: What can you do with a law degree? : job options and career strategies for lawyers / by Deborah L. Arron.
Prev. reg. 1990, TX 2-815-291.
What can you do with a law degree? : job options and career strategies for the un-, under-, or unhappily employed lawyer / by Deborah L. Arron.
Prev. reg. 1990, TX 2-900-078.
What can you do with a bagel?
What can you do with a bagel? / Harriet K. Feder ; pictures by Sally Springer.
Copyrights records by Feder, Harriet K.
example document: What's best for red?
What can you do with a law degree? : a lawyer's guide to career alternatives inside, outside & around the law / by Deborah Arron.
What can you do with a law degree?: job options & career strategies for lawyers.
New Matter: "additional text and revised compilation."
Prev. reg. 1991, TX 3-221-409.
What can you do with a pocket?
What can you do with a pocket? / written by Eve Merriam ; illustrated by Meredith Johnson.
DLM Teaching Resources, a division of DLM, Inc., employer for hire.
example document: How much is that guinea pig in the window?
What can you do for me today, direct advertising?
Copyrights records by Direct Advertising, Inc.
Prev. reg. 1992, TX 3-332-572.
What can you do with a Yak Bak 2?
text & graphics: Yes! Entertainment Corporation, employer for hire.
What can you do with a law degree? : a lawyer's guide to career alternatives inside, outside & around the law / Deborah Arron.
Prev. reg. 1994, TX 3-873-798.
Seattle : Niche Press, c1997.
What can you do in the wind?
What can you do in the wind? / by Anna Grossnickle

########
Rank: 22
Score: 5.495149
Retrieved Text: fancy what to do after removing popcorn ceiling removing popcorn ceiling and refinishing removing popcorn ceilings dining room before and after in removing popcorn removing popcorn ceiling diy project.
fancy what to do after removing popcorn ceiling what to do after removing popcorn ceiling photo of how removing painted popcorn ceiling video.
fancy what to do after removing popcorn ceiling what to do after removing popcorn ceiling removing popcorn ceiling cost removing popcorn ceiling cost toronto.
fancy what to do after removing popcorn ceiling what to do after removing popcorn ceiling ceiling texture popcorn removal before after photos removing popcorn ceiling using shop vac removing popcorn c.
fancy what to do after removing popcorn ceiling how much to remove popcorn ceiling rich remove popcorn ceiling and paint cost how much to remove popcorn ceiling removing popcorn ceiling diy.
fancy what to do after removing popcorn ceiling how to popcorn ceiling removal home maintenance repairs how to wall tools for removing popcorn ceiling texture.
fancy what to do after removing popcorn ceiling remove popcorn ceiling price removing popcorn ceiling with paint.
fancy what to do after removing popcorn ceiling what to do after removing popcorn ceiling skim coat ceiling after removing popcorn painting a remove painted popcorn ceiling cost best way to remove pop.
fancy what to do after removing popcorn ceiling dining room project remove popcorn ceiling home improvement how to painting wall popcorn ceiling after remove popcorn ceiling and paint cost.
fancy what to do after removing popcorn ceiling what to do after removing popcorn ceiling removing popcorn ceiling removing popcorn ceiling then painting.
fancy

########
Rank: 23
Score: 5.4880095
Retrieved Text: Do any of the Diaura band-members speak english?
Q: What foods do আপনি like?
A: Shrimp, mackerel, and tempura.
Q: What foods do আপনি hate?
Q: What drinks do আপনি like?
Q: What drinks do আপনি hate?
Q: What perfume do আপনি like?
A: GUCCI RUSH, Osmanthus Perfume.
Q: What brands do আপনি like?
A: BVLGARI, GUCCI, and GIVENCHI.
Q: What are আপনি currently collecting?
Translated দ্বারা link and link on Tumblr! Please credit us both, and make sure to thank yuroran!
What foods do আপনি like?
・Yakiniku (Japanese grilled meat), pasta, আবর্জনা food, and chocolate.
What foods do আপনি hate?
What drinks do আপনি like?
What drinks do আপনি hate?
What perfume do আপনি like?
・ANNA SUI Sweet Dreams and LANCOME Miracle.
What brands do আপনি like?
・Lounge Lizard, No ID, adidas, and And A.
What are আপনি currently collecting?
・Owner’s League professional baseball player cards.
What is your পছন্দ anime/live action?
These are REAL facts, NOT ROLE PLAY. If there’s no বছর for the birthdate, it means I don’t know.
Note: These are REAL facts, NOT ROLE PLAY.
What are DIAURA অনুরাগী called?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 5.4849114
Retrieved Text: What do you care about when doing your backups?
What backup products and workflows do you use?
What products do you use to synchronize backups? Bittorrent sync? Crashplan? Others?
How do you test your backups? Do you do disaster recovery simulations? How?
– What do you care about backing up? What do you not care about?
– What backup products do you use?
– What backup workflows do you use?
– What products do you use? rsync? Backup Exec? Crashplan? Other?
– How do you test your backups?
– How do you test disaster recovery?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 5.482461
Retrieved Text: "Pumpkin” is sometimes punned as “pump kin.” A form of the “pump kin” joke was posted on the newsgroup rec.humor on May 21, 1990.
Q: What do rednecks do for Thanksgiving?
Q: What do rednecks do at Hallowe’en?
> Appalacia, Where many people have receeding chins and the same last name.
And on Halloween, pump kin.
What do West Virginia folk do to celebrate Halloween?
WHAT DO WEST VIRGINIANS LIKE TO DO OVER HALLOWEEN?
What do rednecks do for Thanksgiving?
What do rednecks do at Hallowe’en?
What do Rednecks do for Halloween??????
By Jeff Foxworthy, et al.
It wasn’t unusual for royalty to do what rednecks do on Halloween: pump kin.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 5.480631
Retrieved Text: What are the functions of advertisement?
What are the problems of advertisements?
What is there on the walls of the flat?
What can you see outside the windows of your flat?
What kind of house do you want to have in the future?
What kind of living place is popular in China?
What do you care about when you buy bags?
Why do you think some designer bags are so expensive?
Have you ever lost any bags?
How do people celebrate birthday in your country?
What kind of birthday gifts do Chinese people like to receive?
Is there any difference between birthdays in the past and now?
Do you want to have a boat?
Where do you go boating?
Have you ever seen this person?
How often do you have chocolate?
Did you like to have chocolate when you were young?
Have you ever given chocolate to others?
Why is chocolate popular in so many countries?
Do you like the same colors now as you did when you were younger?
Can you remember what you dream of after you wake up?
Are you interested in other people’s dreams?
Do you like to have a course about dreams?
Do you often write emails?
What are the advantages of writing emails?
What types of emails do you write, business or personal?
What’s the difference between letters and emails?
What kind of letter is hard to write?
In what kind of situation do you send email to your family?
What sorts of food are popular in China?
Do you go to restaurant?
What kind of restaurant do you like? Why?
What’s the difference between the restaurant now and that in the past?
Do you like to be with yourself or your friends?
Do

########
Rank: 27
Score: 5.478816
Retrieved Text: What Does a Communications Technician Do?
What Does a Computer Scientist Do?
What Does a Computer Technician Do?
What Does a Computer Programmer Do?
What Does a Geological Technician Do?
What Does An Environmental Science Tech Do?
What Does An Environmental Engineering Tech Do?
What Does a Computer Systems Analyst Do?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 5.4759254
Retrieved Text: what size pressure tank what size pressure tank do i need what size well pressure tank do i need adjustment what size pressure tank how to size a well pump wellsbringhopeinfo how to size a well pump well pumps size what size heat pump for above.
what size pressure tank what size well pump do i need submersible well pump wiring diagram abs installation manual rule what size pressure tanks for well systems water tank for wells pressure tanks pressure tanks for well systems a guide to well pump pressure tanks pressure tanks for irrigation pressure tanks.
what size pressure tank recommended pressure tank sizes what size well pump do i need well pump wiring color code complete related post.
what size pressure tank how how does a well pump and pressure tank work skillings sons inc water well pressure tank and well pump information.
what size pressure tank well pressure tank size click image to enlarge amtrol pressure tank sizes water pressure tank size water well pressure tank and well pump water pressure tank size water pressure tank size fiberglass water pressure tank c d j what size water.
what size pressure tank what size pressure tank for well hot water pressure tank sizing for what size pressure tank how to size a water softener water softener sizing water softener how to size a water softener what size water water softener water pressure size tank widely.
what size pressure tank pwr reactor pressure vessel what size pressure tank do i need toeicclub what size pressure tank do i need what size

########
Rank: 29
Score: 5.4739885
Retrieved Text: Cocomore Job Check: What Does An Operations Manager Do?
Cocomore Job Check: What Does A Project Manager Do?
Cocomore Job Check: What Does An Art Director Do?
Cocomore Job Check: What Does A Backend Developer Do?
Cocomore Job Check: What Does A Consultant Do?
Cocomore Job Check: What Does A Community Manager Do?
Cocomore Job Check: What Does A Frontend Developer Do?
Cocomore Job Check: What Does A Web Producer Do?
Cocomore Job Check: What Does A Marketing Editor Do?

================



======= Instance Index 616 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what is important?" and the following answer choices: 
- rest
 - heat
 - sugar
 - copper
 - living
 - oxygen
 - O3
 - pH

Now knowing that rest has a positive impact on a health and good health and enough rest are important, choose the best answer.

Target Text: rest

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.084318
Retrieved Text: what is a business plan and why is it important the importance of a business plan business plan important.
what is a business plan and why is it important a little background about what went into their thinking rd may not seem important to the success of a catering firm but the soups on expansion business.
what is a business plan and why is it important in my small business technical marketing blog series i discussed the importance of a business plan read about it here because a business plan is so busi.
what is a business plan and why is it important a business plan is like a strategic tool for all entrepreneurs it just help you focus on the steps to make your business idea a success but it also busi.
what is a business plan and why is it important why a business plan is important business plan important topics.
what is a business plan and why is it important business plan important topics.
what is a business plan and why is it important the importance of documenting an online business plan business plan important assumptions.
what is a business plan and why is it important what is contingency planning in business definition example importance video lesson transcript business plan important assumptions.
what is a business plan and why is it important what are the most important elements of a business plan business plan most important elements.
what is a business plan and why is it important business plan proposal writing com importance of to an major components a good purpose examples

########
Rank: 1
Score: 7.8365498
Retrieved Text: What is the importance of sources in historical reconstruction?
What is the historical importance of collectivization?
What is the historical importance of the Lincoln Memorial?
Important Historical Events in England?
What are facts about Assiniboia?
Why was the Silk Road important historically?
What is the historical importance of the fall line?
The fall line is as fall as ships could go so that is where the three major cities on the fall line are: Macon, Augusta and Columbus.
What was the historical importance of the Gettysburg Address?
Why is the Negev Desert historically important?
Because the indigenous people of it (the Bedouins) with whom Abraham made a treaty still live in it, till nowadays!
Important historical events in Italy?
What are the important historical events in Christianity?
What is the historical importance of the pentagon?
Why was the crusades so historically important?
they stopped the Europe from being taken over by Muslims and they allowed Christians to be able to safely go to the holy land.
What is the historical importance of Imperialism?
Why is the feudal monarchy important historically?
Why was the Battle of Antietam historically important?
Historic importance and garnishesh of appetizers?
What is the historical importance of the telephone?
Historical importance of place in mumbai?
What is the historical importance of Pentecost?
What is the historical importance of Clara Barton?
Well, she founded the American Red Cross, helped as a nurse in the Civil War, and technically helped shape our medical community today.
Why was Methodist episcopal historically important?
Why is the Mesha Stele historically important?
What is the historical importance of the chattahoochee river?
The historical importance of the chattahoochee river is that people used to use it for a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 7.642651
Retrieved Text: I’m assuming you’ve come to this blog because you’d like to get more organized. Your organizing will flow more smoothly if you consider a few things before starting.
What are your reasons for wanting to get organized? Perhaps you have more stuff than you can manage and want to trim down. Perhaps you want to keep everything, but just want to arrange it so you can find things, so that you have more space, or so that your atmosphere looks nicer and feels more pleasant. Perhaps you want to feel more comfortable inviting guests into your home. Perhaps you’d like to be able to park your car in your garage.
What are your individual reasons for wanting to be more organized?
How will you know when you’re done? If you could create your environment to be any way you want, and you can, what would it look like?
Now that you’ve looked at your motivations, let’s examine more closely what it means to be organized. I define organizing as: Arranging Your Possessions to Support What Is Important to You Now.
Every part of this definition matters. Let’s take a look at it piece by piece.
I’ll be talking mostly about ARRANGING POSSESSIONS. Although I will discuss related topics, including time management, the focus of this podcast will be arranging physical possessions.
We want to arrange those possessions so that they SUPPORT YOU, as opposed to you supporting them. Have you ever felt like you’re putting a lot of time and energy into maintaining your possessions? Sometimes we end up becoming a slave to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 7.6388435
Retrieved Text: I wonder what important parcels or documents are on board this DHL plane? I am sure that somewhere a person waits for the arrival of a parcel, that is possibly the most important thing in their life right now.
At the conference, most of the speakers felt like they had something important to say. They have important jobs, and it was critical they get their learning across.
Important comes from the word import. To import means to ‘bring in’. We can tell what is important in our lives by the things we ‘bring in’. What we buy, how we spend our downtime, who we talk to, all indicate the things we think are important.
Lets be honest for a moment. Important focuses on ME!
Exportant is not a word but maybe it should be. It would mean to ‘give out’. Maybe our lives should be measured less by what we bring in and more measured by what we give out.
Then how we spend our money, our downtime and how we talk to people, would be focused on what we give out, rather than what we bring in.
Then we would be exportant.
And most probably what we actually do, would become genuinely important.
Learning to be decisive and the two things that stop me.
4 tips for losing weight, quitting smoking and changing habits.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 7.634486
Retrieved Text: 1 What is important in what is a whole 30 diet?
2 What benefits do you get from what is a whole 30 diet?
3 What you need to be ready when using what is a whole 30 diet.
4 Important when using what is a whole 30 diet.
what is a whole 30 diet helps in many cases.
What is important in what is a whole 30 diet?
Repeat the what is a whole 30 diet several times a year.
What benefits do you get from what is a whole 30 diet?
What you need to be ready when using what is a whole 30 diet.
Important when using what is a whole 30 diet.
Be sure to use the what is a whole 30 diet under the supervision of your doctor.
We recommend that you try what is a whole 30 diet. Do it!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 7.62519
Retrieved Text: What is a stated main idea, and why is it important?
What is an Implied Main Idea?
Why is formulating implied main ideas important?
Why are Supporting Details important?
What are authors' writing patterns?
Why is recognizing writing patterns important?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 7.53734
Retrieved Text: Facial Rejuvenation Videos from Michael Law M.D.
What Form of Anesthesia Is Used in Face Lift Procedures?
What Are Specific Differences Between Procedures Performed to Rejuvenate the Male Face versus the Female Face?
Is A Short Scar Face Lift a Reasonable Substitute for a Traditional Face Lift?
How Do You Choose a Face Lift Surgeon?
What’s the Most Important Thing to Understand About Browlift Surgery?
What Are the Most Important Concepts in Cosmetic Eyelid Surgery?
What is the Difference Between a Face Lift and a Neck Lift?
What is One of the Most Commonly Overlooked Cosmetic Facial Procedures?
What Is the Most Important Thing to Understand About Browlift Surgery?
What Will Facelift Scars Look Like?
Why Can Some Patients Look Lumpy After Fat Grafting?
What are the Most Important Concepts in Eyelid Surgery?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 7.510957
Retrieved Text: WHAT: What is biomimicry all about?
WHY: Why is biomimicry important?
Quiz: Why is biomimicry important?
Answer: Why is biomimicry important?
HOW: How is biomimicry applied to design challenges?
Quiz: What is the goal of the Identify step?
Answer: What is the goal of the Identify step?
Quiz: What is the importance of the Translate step?
Answer: What is the importance of the Translate step?
Quiz: Where can I discover nature's strategies?
Answer: Where can I discover nature's strategies?
Quiz: What are Life's Principles?
Answer: What are Life's Principles?
WHERE: Where does biomimicry fit in the innovation pathway?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.50784
Retrieved Text: How and why are some stories about God special/sacred and important in religion?
What do some people do because they believe in God?
What special times/places do people have for God?
Does worship have to happen in a special place? What can we learn from Sikhism?
What do people think is important to do daily, weekly, monthly? Why are these important?
How and why is celebrating and remembering important in religion and worship?
What does it mean to be inspired? Can one person change the world?
What qualities make a good leader?
Who should we look up to? What different kinds of writings and stories are important to religions?
What ‘lights our way’? What are we prepared to sacrifice/never sacrifice?
How to religious families and communities practice their faith, and what contributions does this make to local life?
Why are some occasions sacred to believers?
What do religious texts and teachings say about God, the world and human life?
What can we learn from the life of people who started a religion? What is happiness?
What guidance should we follow?
Why do some people have religious rituals throughout life’s journey?
What does Jesus mean to Christians?
How to religions mark the ‘signposts’ and ‘turning points’ on a journey?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 7.50423
Retrieved Text: 1. What are the main benefits of exercising?
4. How can I maximize my metabolism through exercise?
5. What are mobility based exercises and how will this help me with exercising?
6. Why is it important to warm up and cool down in a workout?
8. How can I increase my flexibility?
9. Why is it important to stretch before and after a workout?
10. Why is it important to drink water before, during and after exercise?
12. What are the telltale signs of dehydration during exercise?
14. What is interval training and how can it help me burn fat?
16. What is muscle confusion?
17. Can exercise alone help me lose weight?
18. Why is it important to have REST days in between strength training days?
20. How can a Personal Trainer help me improve my fitness?
21. Is it possible to get a good workout using a skipping rope?
22. How can I increase my daily activity level?
23. What is Circuit Training?
3. Why is breakfast the most important meal of the day?
4. How can I achieve my 5 a day?
5. How important is water for good health?
6. How can I prevent dehydration?
7. Why do we need carbohydrate in our diet?
8. What are healthy carbohydrates?
9. How can I increase my carbohydrate intake?
10. What are good fats and bad fats?
11. How can I cut down on my fat intake?
12. How will protein help me?
13. Where can I find protein?
14. How soon after exercising should I eat?
15. What should I eat post workout?
16. What are some post exercise refueling snacks?
17. What are my daily requirements for each food group?
19. What are

########
Rank: 10
Score: 7.5012803
Retrieved Text: There are things no matter where we go in life that are important to us. What is important to one person may not be important to another. People wonder if they are important to anyone. We may never know at all if we are important to anybody else, but the question will linger in our minds no matter what. When creating an essay about life, you have a broad range of topics available for consideration. If you are unsure about where to start or where to take your essay about life, hire the professionals of VivaEssays.
Some of the thoughts or concepts below may provide you with somewhere to start writing your essay about life.
We can sometimes get lost and forget about what is important to us. A lot of people will spend their whole lifetime looking for what they think is important and never find it. It is the culture and society that we live in that makes us put a value on our importance. Many people join social media network sites and seek acceptance of some kind and seek being important to someone else. Maybe its loneliness or something other void that they are trying to fill, but they are trying to fill it nonetheless.
Does it really matter who thinks we are important? Why should it? We all have family and children and friends who obviously think we are important to a certain degree, but outside of that, what does it really matter who thinks we are important or not? People will always want to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 7.496809
Retrieved Text: What does it mean to catch your child being good?
How can a parent support their children's relationship?
When we listen to our children, what effect does it have on them?
Why is it important to acknowledge a child's feelings?
Why is it important to have boundaries limits and house rules?
How important is it for special time and play with your child?
Why is it important for a child to have interests and follow their passions?
Is encouraging a child to contribute socially, a part of building their self esteem?
How can we support our smaller children through play?
What benefits are children getting through play?
What can a parent do when their child is upset?
What is it to actively listen to your child?
How can a parent encourage true self esteem and responsibilities in their child?
Should a parent jump into every argument a child is having?
Why is it important to understand where our childs behaviour is coming from?
Why is it so important to praise our kids behaviour?
How do you get a child to talk about their feelings?
Why do our children act out?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 7.4919734
Retrieved Text: 1 What is important in keto mediterranean diet?
2 What benefits do you get from keto mediterranean diet?
3 What you need to be ready when using keto mediterranean diet.
4 Important when using keto mediterranean diet.
keto mediterranean diet helps in many cases.
What is important in keto mediterranean diet?
Repeat the keto mediterranean diet several times a year.
What benefits do you get from keto mediterranean diet?
What you need to be ready when using keto mediterranean diet.
Important when using keto mediterranean diet.
Be sure to use the keto mediterranean diet under the supervision of your doctor.
We recommend that you try keto mediterranean diet. Do it!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 7.475141
Retrieved Text: 1 What is important in diet for depression?
2 What benefits do you get from diet for depression?
3 What you need to be ready when using diet for depression.
4 Important when using diet for depression.
diet for depression helps in many cases.
What is important in diet for depression?
Repeat the diet for depression several times a year.
What benefits do you get from diet for depression?
What you need to be ready when using diet for depression.
Important when using diet for depression.
Be sure to use the diet for depression under the supervision of your doctor.
We recommend that you try diet for depression. Do it!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 7.4733043
Retrieved Text: Prepare for the shift from a physical classroom to an online environment. Reading to Learn and Writing to Teach looks at the premise that the increased literacy load of an online environment is the most critical difference between online and onsite instruction. As a result, students need to strengthen reading skills while teachers need to adjust how they write in order to improve communication and learning. Reading to Learn and Writing to Teach offers clear-cut reading strategies for students accompanied by correlated writing exercises, as well as guidelines and strategies to help instructors communicate clearly and teach effectively.
Who Are Contemporary OWI Students?
What Shapes the Young Undergraduate?
What Shapes the Adult Undergraduate?
How Does Metacognitive Reading Help with Writing?
How Can We Teach Metacognition in Online Settings?
How Does Reading with Schema Awareness Help with Writing?
How Can We Teach about Using Schema in Online Settings?
What Is Inference and Why Is It Important?
How Does Inferential Reading Help with Writing?
How Can We Teach Inference in Online Settings?
What Is Questioning and Why Is It Important?
How Does Asking Questions of Reading Help with Writing?
How Can We Teach Questioning in Online Settings?
What Is Relevance and Why Is It Important?
How Does Reading for Relevance Help with Writing?
How Can We Teach Finding Relevance in Online Settings?
What Is Visualizing and Why Is It Important?
How Does Reading to Visualize Help with Writing?
How Can We Teach Visualizing a Text in Online Settings?
What Is Analysis and Why Is It Important?
How Does Analytical Reading Help with Writing?
How Can We Teach Analyzing a Text in Online Settings?
What Is Synthesis and Why Is It Important?
How

########
Rank: 15
Score: 7.4611144
Retrieved Text: Realize that what you consider important right now, is different from other times. Or, perhaps realize that what you consider important right now, is different from what other people consider important right now.
Focus on some of the elements you consider important.
Consider the elements in your proximity you chose in number 2 above. Now get actively involved with those elements.
Season as appropriate with other PPs.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 7.4525256
Retrieved Text: Kinfonet Quote of the Day: What is important is to become aware of every thought-feeling, from which arises self-knowledge.
.... What is important is to become aware of every thought-feeling, from which arises self-knowledge. You must start out on the journey of self-discovery; what you find does not depend on any technique - technique prevents discovery - and it is the discovery that is liberating and creative. What is important is not your determination, conclusion, choice, but what you discover, for that will bring understanding.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 7.4522467
Retrieved Text: What makes the Sarbanes-Oxley Act so important when going public with an organization?
What makes the Sarbanes-Oxley Act so important when going public with an organization? What makes the Sarbanes-Oxley Act so important when going public with an organization?
need assistance with sec571. can anyone help.. quickly..
What is the organizational structure of Comcast and what is the structure of management and decision making?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 7.439613
Retrieved Text: 1 What is important in diet to increase metabolism?
2 What benefits do you get from diet to increase metabolism?
3 What you need to be ready when using diet to increase metabolism.
4 Important when using diet to increase metabolism.
diet to increase metabolism helps in many cases.
What is important in diet to increase metabolism?
Repeat the diet to increase metabolism several times a year.
What benefits do you get from diet to increase metabolism?
What you need to be ready when using diet to increase metabolism.
Important when using diet to increase metabolism.
Be sure to use the diet to increase metabolism under the supervision of your doctor.
We recommend that you try diet to increase metabolism. Do it!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 7.436138
Retrieved Text: What colour would you choose to paint the walls of your room?
What colours do you especially like?
Are colours important to you?
Do you think colours are important?
Were colours important to you when you were a child?
Were any colours important to you when you were a child?
When you are buying something, is the colour important to you?
Is colour very important to you when you are buying clothes?
Do you prefer light or dark (or, bright) colours?
Do you prefer to wear light or dark (or, bright) coloured clothes?
If you were to paint the walls of your room, what colour would you choose?
What’s in the IELTS Academic Reading test?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 7.4264073
Retrieved Text: Why is knowledge of the level of injury important when considering transfers and movement?
What motor skills do people with a C6 tetraplegia have the potential to achieve?
List two reasons why rolling is important?
Why is momentum necessary to achieve a roll with C6 tetraplegia lesions?
List instructions to a patient to aid a roll?
Why is the ability to move from supine to sitting important?
What two sub task are important when moving from supine to long sitting?
Why is it easier to maintain an upright position in long sitting as opposed to short sitting?
Why is “lifting vertically” a important motor task?
What two sub tasks are involved with vertically lifting in sitting?
When transferring from a wheel chair to a bed (same level) which 4 sub tasks would you explain to the patient to break the motor skill down?
Give one example of how you could reduce friction between the buttocks and the wheels when performing a transfer onto a bed from a wheel chair?
List three example of what makes skill training (bed mobility/sitting/transfers) most effective.
What strategies are required for a T4 paraplegia SCI injury (3 years ago)?
List 3 reasons Tom may be having difficulty rolling?
What could you do as a physio to help the patient achieve a roll initially?
What makes rolling difficult for patients with a C6 tetraplegia?
What three strategies can be implemented to prevent a patient with a C6 lesion hitting themselves in the face whilst rolling?
What two sub tasks are involved with rolling for a person with a C6 tetraplegia?
What muscle is important for rolling in a patient with a

########
Rank: 21
Score: 7.423611
Retrieved Text: Why is it important to the primary \”stakeholders\” to be able to read financial statements?
After reviewing the article on reading financial statements (PDF) and putting to use what you are learning in this class, discuss the following: Why is it important to the primary \”stakeholders\” to be able to read financial statements? What are at least three of the most important ratios to measure liquidity? Why are these important? and what are two important broad financial \”performance\” ratios used to evaluate a firm\’s overall use of their assets and equity? Explain how these two ratios can be used by investors.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 7.42079
Retrieved Text: Students are to write a 5 paragraph essay of their country's culture. Students are provided a graphic organizer (see below) to prepare for their in class writing assignment.
What are the family patterns of your country?
How important is the extended family in your country?
How are societies divided in your country (social classes)?
List at least 3 customs and traditions found in your country.
What traditions exist to teach right from wrong?
Explain a specific custom or tradition found in your country that helps explain right from wrong.
How many different dialects does your county have?
How has language in your country evolved?
What is your countries most famous piece of art (statute, painting etc.) and why is it important?
What famous books do members of this culture know (what is assigned to HS freshmen)?
What religion(s) are practiced in your country?
What is the sentiment within the country about religion (how important is it)?
What form(s) of government does your country use?
Who and how strictly are the laws of the land enforced?
What is the penalty for speeding in a car?
What is the penalty for not paying taxes to the government?
What economy does your country have?
Who decides what should be produced and for whom?
Name 3 regions from your country, their natural resources and what they produce?
Create a travel brochure advertising the physical and human characteristics of your country.
Page 1: Cover Page: Name of country (decorated), image to represent country (What is important to the people in your country?), and a country slogan (What is a phrase that represents the people of your country?).
Page 2: Capital City: Name of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 7.4184513
Retrieved Text: Leading your life based on your inner motivation, and doing what you really want to do is important because you can learn something important from your experiences then.
I’d like to give an example. My experience going to Cambodia brought me an important thing; knowledge of myself. Last year, I went to Cambodia without specific reasons. During my travel, I met a lot of enthusiastic people who are eager to solve problems in Cambodia. Through conversations with them, I noticed what is the most important for me. It is not solving problems in Cambodia, which I had thought is the most important thing for me. I noticed I can’t be as enthusiastic as them. Instead of it, I noticed that giving a helping hand to people who are suffering from mental disease, like depression, is the most important thing for me.
Sometimes it may be difficult for you to do what you really want. A lot of things prevent you from doing what you are eager to do. Reputation from others, opportunity cost, uncertain prospect of success and lack of time may be obstacles.
However, don’t give in such things. You should try everything you want to. If you do only what your hearts tell you, you will find your life bright.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 7.41603
Retrieved Text: clip art. You bet! Especially.
. You bet! Especially when your looking for something like clipart. First, what are you looking for. An important thing to remember is that although a find engine may show you that it found 400,000 pages. clip art. You bet! Especially when your looking for something like clipart. First, what are you looking for. An important thing to remember is that although a find engine may show you that it found 400,000 pages. clip art. You bet! Especially when your looking for something like clipart. First, what are you looking for. An important thing to remember is that although a find engine may show you that it found 400,000 pages. clip art. You bet! Especially when your looking for something like clipart. First, what are you looking for. An important thing to remember is that although a find engine may show you that it found 400,000 pages.
. You bet! Especially when your looking for something like clipart. First, what are you looking for. An important thing to remember is that although a find engine may show you that it found 400,000 pages. You bet! Especially when your looking for something like clipart. First, what are.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 7.4129343
Retrieved Text: 1 What is important in snake juice diet recipe?
2 What benefits do you get from snake juice diet recipe?
3 What you need to be ready when using snake juice diet recipe.
4 Important when using snake juice diet recipe.
snake juice diet recipe helps in many cases.
What is important in snake juice diet recipe?
Repeat the snake juice diet recipe several times a year.
What benefits do you get from snake juice diet recipe?
What you need to be ready when using snake juice diet recipe.
Important when using snake juice diet recipe.
Be sure to use the snake juice diet recipe under the supervision of your doctor.
We recommend that you try snake juice diet recipe. Do it!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 7.4095144
Retrieved Text: Person-centred planning puts YOU at the centre of the process.
Having decided what is important TO you, we will look at what is important FOR you to achieve it. We will break down what is important TO you into smaller pieces until we have some clearly defined goals.
At every stage it will be what YOU want, not what I think you should have.
My job is to find out what you want by skillful questioning and by using my expertise in guidance.
I can then produce a person-centred action plan and a bespoke activity programme.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 7.407967
Retrieved Text: Digital marketing and advertising blog – Learn the best techniques at Seashell here.
Learn the best techniques at Seashell here.
How is optimization different at Seashell?
Did you lose important ranking? Now what?
Do broken links effects reputation?
Ganesh J. Acharya on Did you lose important ranking? Now what?
Gaurav Kumar on Did you lose important ranking? Now what?
Chitra Chowdhury on Did you lose important ranking? Now what?
Simran Kaur on Do broken links effects reputation?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 7.404219
Retrieved Text: I don't mind who or what she is or was. I'm a muslim but religion and language are not important to me. Physical appearence is also not so important but a good hearted person is what I'm looking for. Honesty is the most important to me...please don't lie coz what goes around comes around in the end...and will hurt both you and me...make us regret and upset...and heartbroken so what is the point in lying?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 7.4027944
Retrieved Text: In case of an accident, it is always important to get in touch with a personal injury lawyer. It is important to hire a lawyer for various reasons. The reasons why it is important to hire a lawyer are briefly highlighted below.
Your interests are safeguarded when you hire a lawyer and that is one of the important reasons why you need to hire a lawyer. It is easy to be taken advantage of when you are not sure what the law says and what is expected of you. If you are ignorant on your rights, they can be easily take advantage of by people from the insurance or even people who have caused the accident.
The laws that govern accidents are different from one state to another. By hiring a lawyer, you are able to know what the law is in a particular area. Knowing the law is important since it helps you to know what legal action to take after the accident.
Should you have cases against you in relation to accidents, then it is important to hire a personal injury lawyer. One important reason why it is important to hire a lawyer is because they are able to represent you in court. Should you have cases leveled against you, lawyers are able to look at the evidence and even poke holes on them.
When it comes to settlements, hiring a lawyer is beneficial since they have great negotiation skills. By representing yourself in court case, there is a probability that you will get a raw deal. With

================



======= Instance Index 4408 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What can think?" and the following answer choices: 
- fish
 - mountain
 - Bats
 - tree
 - humans
 - Man
 - rock
 - Birds

Now knowing that fish have a centralized nervous system with a brain and brains are for important tasks, like thinking, choose the best answer.

Target Text: fish

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.506943
Retrieved Text: My last post on Why WWJD isn’t WJWD generated quite a bit of interest and some great comments. In that post, I said that WDJD (“What Did Jesus Do?”) is a far more important question than WWJD (“What Would Jesus Do?”). If you read the writings of the Apostles, you’ll find that they focused on what Jesus accomplished in His death and resurrection, and how that is relevant for our lives.
But, I think the tongue-in-cheek dialogue of that post fell short of explaining how, exactly, WWJD can be a misleading slogan. Notice that I said, “can be”, not “is”. I’m sure WWJD has helped many thousands of people in specific life-situations.
But, I think WWJD is a bit like your first pair of shoes. They may have helped you take the first few steps, but they’ll strangle your feet if you don’t take ’em off. So, I decided to list out just how WWJD can cramp your spiritual feet.
It can make us think wise decision-making is simply a matter of imagining what Jesus would do and doing it, rather than studying Scripture to form a consistent, biblical worldview, submitting to its teaching, consulting with spiritual leaders, and praying for guidance.
It can make us think we always can and should do what Jesus did, when often we cannot and should not.
It can make us think Christianity is primarily about imitating Jesus, rather than obeying Jesus.
It can make us think Christianity is primarily about doing, not being.
It can make us think Christianity is primarily about will power and effort,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 8.495633
Retrieved Text: What is the best camera brand? And why?
Last pic Du took on your phone?
I'm really into film photography. Any tips on how to get good focussed pics?
Do Du think that pics with prosumer can be good as DSLR?
Any Fotografie contests I can enter?
what do Du think of this picture??
On this site how do Du Upload multiple pics at once?
What do Du think about underwater (people) photography?
Does anybody know some simple tricks that could help me take Fotos better?
what do Du think about this pic?
Does anyone on this spot do Fotografie for a class oder something??
What do Du think of this picture? Boring? random? weird? cool?
please enter my competition...there are prizes!
Do Du like my picture i took?
I just got my new camera..finally, what do Du think about my first picture with it?
what do Du think about this photo?
Can anyone please tell me what type of camera this is????

########
Rank: 2
Score: 8.455582
Retrieved Text: 1. Do you think this organism can move?
2. What do you think it eats?
3. Is it a plant or an animal?
1. What do you think the grooves on its back are used for?
2. How many body sections can you count? How many legs?
3. How many mouthparts can you count?
1. Which end is the head end?
2. Is the body segmented? How many segments can you count?
1. What do you think this animal eats?
2. What is its major adaptation for defense?
1. Name an animal you might think this one related to.
2. Where do you think this animal lives?
1. How do you think this organism eats?
2. Does it have a brain?
4. What kind of symmetry does it have?
1. Does this organism have a skeleton?
2. How many tentacles does it have?
1. What kind of habitat does this animal live in?
2. Would you guess it is male or female? Why?
1. How is this fish's coloration help it survive?
2. How many fins can you count?
1. Does this animal have feathers?
2. Does it lay eggs?
3. Can you see fur?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 8.380688
Retrieved Text: Who is Think Business Loans?
Think Business Loans is a UK-based financial services provider offering broker services for a range of products including asset financing, bridging loans, commercial mortgages, invoice financing, merchant cash advance loans, property development loans, secured business loans, working capital loans and unsecured business loans.
What is Think Business Loans asset financing?
Asset financing is a type of lending for businesses who want to invest in new asset purchases or refinance or secure loans against existing assets. These loans can be used by businesses in any industry, including manufacturing, hospitality or retail.
What are Think Business Loans bridging loans?
Bridging loans are a type of short-term funding option that can be used on development and property projects as well as for general short-term business finance purposes. Think Business Loans offers brokerage services to help businesses in the UK identify and secure suitable bridging loans.
What are Think Business Loans commercial mortgages?
Commercial mortgages, like those brokered by Think Business Loans, can be used by businesses for various purposes including refurbishment of business premises, development of business or residential properties, buy-to-let options and investment in commercial units.
What are Think Business Loans credit lines?
A line of credit (LOC) is an arrangement that establishes the maximum amount a business can borrow under a lending agreement. This can be drawn upon as needed and used for a range of business-related purposes such as stock purchasing, cash flow finance or staff expenditure.
What is Think Business Loans invoice financing?
Invoice financing is a type of lending secured against unpaid invoices. Businesses who choose this lending service are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 8.337595
Retrieved Text: So I’ve been thinking, about thinking.
I’ve been talking about thinking.
How I think, how you think, how we all see things from such a unique perspective.
How sometimes it’s great and adds color into our lives, and how sometimes it creates rifts, frustration, and problems.
If you think about it, I mean really think about it….(I legit just lost my train of thought because I was so deeply thinking about thinking) It’s really about how you think about thinking.
Oh no, *insert eye roll*. Am I reading one of those millions of articles about the half glass full or empty or maybe it’s not a glass as in cup but glass as in material and it doesn’t even matter because it’s just flat glass and everything just slides off anyway.
Okay, maybe you are and maybe you aren’t, and maybe I’m not sure what I’m writing either anymore, so all in all were all on the same page.
I’m not just referring to seeing things in a positive light or negative light, I’m also referring to just how we think. If I say “store” some think of torture and others of lights and glitter. It goes farther than that. When I say “You’re shirt is really cute” it might be something I’ve said to 100 people in the past hour, but to you it might be something you haven’t heard in a few weeks. If someone asks me “How much of this world is in our hands or God’s?” I may think of that as an interesting question but take it as

########
Rank: 5
Score: 8.33325
Retrieved Text: Is there any situation people disobey the law? = Do you think that people obey the law all the time?
Do people like being a policeman in your country?
What qualities should a police officer have?
Why some people prefer to be a lawyer?
Do women pay more attention to their health than men?
Could governments do more to promote healthier lifestyle options?
Do you think most people worry more about their health as they get older?What do old people in your country do to keep fit?
What else people can do to keep fit besides sports?
Do you think that the tobacco companies should be held reasonably responsible for a person’s addiction to nicotine?
Is salary important to you? What is the impact of salary on doing work?
What kinds of jobs are easy to get in a foreign country?
Should young adults work abroad?
If they don’t work abroad, would it be helpful for them to travel in a foreign country?
Is it hard to find interesting job in your country?
What kinds of preparation should people do for a job interview?
Why do some people keep changing their jobs?
What should a good employer do?
How would you define ‘an interesting job’?
What are the disadvantages of working overtime?
What kinds of clothes do people wear after work?
Do you think it is necessary for children to wear school uniforms?
Where do people in your country buy clothes?
When do people wear formal clothes?
Will the way we dress influence the way we behave?
Do people wear formal clothes more often or less often than the past?
Is fashion important where you live?
In your country, when (on what

########
Rank: 6
Score: 8.302203
Retrieved Text: It's all about sharing and discussing great business ideas.
Get inspired and finally get your company off the ground.
You can join the podcast and share your idea! Send your texts or audio file to idea at businessideastalk.com and be part of this show.
Todays business idea: Let's make creating a last will etc. as simple as filling out a survey. What do you think? You can be part of this show and pitch your ideas by sending your voice recording or texts to idea at businessideastalk.com.
Todays business idea: A new spin on crowdfunding platforms. What do you think? You can be part of this show and pitch your ideas by sending your voice recording or texts to idea at businessideastalk.com.
Todays business idea: Be a chef with your own food cart. Test your idea with a market stall or make this your business. What do you think? You can be part of this show and pitch your ideas by sending your voice recording or texts to idea at businessideastalk.com.
Todays business idea: Too many apples? Too many vegetables? How your garden harvest can turn into a business. What do you think? You can be part of this show and pitch your ideas by sending your voice recording or texts to idea at businessideastalk.com.
Todays business idea: Be an Expert. What do you think? You can be part of this show and pitch your ideas by sending your voice recording or texts to idea at businessideastalk.com.
Todays business idea: Build a community. What do you think? You can be part of this show

########
Rank: 7
Score: 8.261248
Retrieved Text: What's the biggest word you can think of?
My keyboard doesn't have that many keys.
Smiles because it's got a mile in it.
What's the ' biggest ' word you can think of?
What's the longest or biggest word you can think of?
Poll: What's the biggest word you can think of?
Can you think of any word that's worse than 'goodbye'?
Can you think of a better word to replace "Give" in the TV show name, "Oprah's Big Give" ?
What does the "n word" mean to you?
What does "Penguin paperwork" mean in a job description?
Can you complete this sentence...."There will be a special place in hell for.......................!"?
What’s the difference between a smart person and a genius?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 8.257695
Retrieved Text: I think there is a tremendous need for those diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder to re-think BPD. I think also that those who are family members, friends, relationship or ex-relationship partners - non borderlines - also need to re-think BPD.
What do I mean by re-think BPD? Well, of course, this can only become clearer to you as you first really think about what you actually think right now and believe right now about BPD. Do you think it is a life-long permanent "Brain Disorder" as some professionals would have us believe? Do you think that if you have BPD, you are doomed to always have BPD? Do you believe a professional who tells you there is no such thing as recovery? Do you feel hopeless when you think about getting better - about recovering from BPD?
One of the great traps for the non borderline trying to relate to someone with BPD lies in the belief that somehow you can help or you can cajole or coach your borderline to the kind of therapy that can help them recover or that you can rescue them into change. This just isn't possible. Borderlines can change but they have to change themselves (with the help of a therapist) and they have to take personal responsibility for doing the work that is required to create that change in their own lives.
So much of what is thought about BPD may just have its roots in older information, older ways of thinking about BPD. Could it be that science is letting us

########
Rank: 9
Score: 8.223376
Retrieved Text: Marketing campaigns should be projects in themselves and to be most effective they should be planned like any other project. This would include progressing through different stages; from the marketing brief, drawing up aims and objectives, planning, designing, monitoring and finally evaluating the overall success of the campaign to indicate the overall return on investment.
What is the purpose of the campaign? Think about the general aims and how the campaign will fit in with the overall strategy.
What are the objectives of the campaign? Think about SMART targets, or comparing against industry benchmarks, previous campaigns or similar campaigns from competitors.
Who are the target audiences? Think about the different market segments or the different types of people you want to reach. Try to create profiles for these different audiences.
What platforms or media do they use? Think about your audiences and what different technologies or social networks they use and how they receive or engage with news or information.
How can you reach your audience? Think about how you can present your message in different ways to reach all of your audience; such as text, images, video, long form or short form, persuasive or factual etc.
What content do I need to create and what external content can I curate and share? Think about partner organisations, current affairs and upcoming events that you can participate in.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 8.212641
Retrieved Text: 1) How do Chinese people feel about old buildings?
2) Do old people and young people in China have the same attitude towards old buildings?
3) Is it important to preserve old buildings? Why?
4) What aspect of culture do old people reflect?
5) How do old buildings affect the appearance of a place?
and explain why you want to replace it.
1) Who do you think will want new things, children or old people?
2) Do old people in China like to hoard things?
3) What is the difference between new things and old things?
4) What kinds of things do young people like to replace?
5) What are other things that you want to replace?
1) How often do you play sports?
2) Should children spend more time playing sports?
3) Why do old people like to watch sports on TV?
4) Do you think group sports are more useful than individual sports?
5) Are there many sports programs on TV?
1) What is the first subject learned by children in China?
2) Can computers help us in math areas?
3) How do you use math in you daily life?
4) Do you think everyone needs to learn math?
5) What methods can be applied to make math classes more interesting?
1) Some people say that different age groups have different tastes on internet content, what do you think?
2) Do you think parents should control what websites their children visit?
3) What kinds of people don’t use the Internet and what are the disadvantages that these people suffer because they don’t use the Internet?
4) What influence can the Internet have on children? And what about teenagers?
5)

########
Rank: 11
Score: 8.212302
Retrieved Text: Bored blue?: think what you can do!
A young girl relates, in verse, all the things she loves and would love to do, from "squishing-squashing in the mud" to "swimming in a chocolate sea."
ils:.b11236504|Book|Books|1st ed.|English|Little, Brown,||28 unnumbered pages : chiefly color illustrations ; 29 cm.
Bored blue? : think what you can do!
think what you can do!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 8.207902
Retrieved Text: Hamilton, what have you done to me?
My family’s important to me.
What am I doing, what can I do?
What have I gotta win, what have I got to lose?
I’ve got nothing to prove, should I have something to prove?
What can I show that will win or that will lose?
I can write, I think, but everyone writes.
I can fight, I think, but what’s the point?
I can write I think, and that’s all I’ve got.
But does it need to?
Idon’t know, I don’t know.
Caz there’s nothing else you cando -wellthereisbutitdoesn’tmattercazwecanonlydowhatourbraindecidesitlikestodobecauseotherwisethere’snopointbecauseweshouldalwaysdowhatweloveandwhatweloveisoutofcontrol, like, well, not a lot else actually.
Lin-Manuel Miranda, what have you done to me?
This entry was posted in Writing and tagged hamilton, music, shamelessly self-motivating on March 28, 2016 by Freyja.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 8.1979685
Retrieved Text: Let me get straight to the point: you’re asking for what you think you can get or what you think you deserve instead of asking for what you want.
And the thing is, you might really not even be aware that you’re doing it. It’s just so normal for you, so subconscious, you don’t even see the pattern.
If you do, then I’m willing to gamble you have no idea what you actually, truly want.
You’ve been asking for what you think you can get, what you think you deserve instead of asking for what you want.
So, get out your journal and figure it out. Ask yourself what you want.
Then allow the clarity to come to you. Follow the path your desires create. It’s all there waiting for you. . .

########
Rank: 14
Score: 8.193741
Retrieved Text: What Are Your bahagian, atas 5 Avatar TLOK Male Characters ?
What Are Your bahagian, atas 5 Avatar TLOK Female Characters ?
are there going to be lebih episodes of this serie?
Overall, who was your least kegemaran character?
Do anda rhink Book 4 will be aired on Nickelodeon?
So I just finished watching season 2 of Legend of Korra, and I'm certainly not done. I realize she basically did her job as Avatar and saved the world. Is there a season 3 in the making? atau a whole new series of a new Avatar?
Do anda think Mako an Korra will ever get back together again?
Do anda think there could be a Dark Avatar?
Why is it that tenzin atau his children don't own atau use a staff for flying ?
How did anda react, when Korra gets the yellow fan?
is bolin going to have a Cinta interest in book 2???
Can anda please tell me if anda are sure, when Avatar The Legend Of Korra book 2 coming out ??
Can someone answer my soalan pls. Can someone give me official sites of nickelodeon? So that I can get full kemaskini with it. jawapan are much appreciated.
when will the video be uploaded? e.g on youtube, All things Avatar,etc.
Who do anda think is hotter: Mako atau Bolin and why?
What's your kegemaran episode so far?
Do anda think Korra has a pretty body?
Which Avatar girl's cheeks would anda pinch?
I hope there will be a seterusnya season. I want to see everyone else is kids and what will happen seterusnya with Korra and Mako and possibility Zuko's kid

########
Rank: 15
Score: 8.1929455
Retrieved Text: Do you think my friend is Cute?
What do you think of this cake? Comment what design you think it is...!
What do you think of my salwar kameez?
Do you think this girl is really pretty?
Do you think this pic is cute?
which song of rihhana do you like?
Optical illusion how many legs does this elephant have?
Do you think Taylor Swift has become too commercial?
Can someone explain to me what the 9+10=21 joke is about I don't get it!!!!!
Which is the hardest position in football?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 8.185979
Retrieved Text: Don’t make 2019 all about numbers.
If you are setting yourself some Instagram/Bookstagram goals, please look beyond the numbers. It’s so tempting at this time of year to set number goals but really numbers on Instagram are becoming a bit of a vanity matrix and may not help you in the long term.
So instead, think about these questions and I’m sure you will come up with something much more helpful.
Why did you start your Instagram account?
What was the purpose? It’s so easy sometimes to get lost and forgot the reason we did it in the first place. What goal can you create around the reason you are here in the first place? For example, if you came on the platform to build community, how can you focus more on doing that than worrying about numbers?
What do you enjoy the most about this platform?
Figure out what you love and make a plan to do more of that. Similarly, what do you like the least and make a plan to stop that.
How does Instagram link up, if at all, with your plans for the future?
For some it will and for some it won’t. If it does, look at your account and your future plans and see how you can link the two things up more.
What would be absolutely amazing if it happened? What would make you jump up and down with joy if it happened, for example a company that contacts you, an invitation you get, something amazing that will come to you through Instagram or someone who would

########
Rank: 17
Score: 8.178149
Retrieved Text: Our fear of what people will think of us can have a great impact on how we live our lives and the choices we make. You worry about what your friends will think of what you wear, who you hang out with, what you do, what you say, who you go out with; the list is endless.
You worry about what your parents think. You worry about what your teachers will think, your coach, the leaders in your life, the relatives, even your grandparents. If you spend all your time worrying about what everyone thinks of you and the choices you make, you will drive yourself crazy, crazy, caaarraaazzzy!
It is impossible to have everyone’s approval of everything you do or say. And having their approval does NOT determine if what you say or do is good or bad. It also does NOT determine whether you are a bad person or a good person. And most definitely does NOT determine your self-esteem and self-worth.
We want people to think good things of us. We want them to see our best selves. This need is a true motivator for us to strive to be our highest best self, so it is not all bad.
What you have to watch out for is when the approval seeking goes overboard and becomes unrealistic to achieve. Seeking too much approval from one person or group can also get you into some serious trouble.
What other people think of us is a lot less than you might think. Everyone is so crazy busy keeping up with

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.174084
Retrieved Text: Will Bella be playing in the Breaking Dawn 2 movie یا will there be someone else playing her part.
Can I ask if Edward and Bella's baby will be a vampire?
Where do آپ think they will end Breaking Dawn part 1.
where in the book are they going to end part 1 and will they be spliting it into Jacob and Bella's parts???
can آپ please check out my Banner idea for the fanspot?
Does anyone know what rating Breaking Dawn is going to be?
Do آپ know where I can listen the song "The cat's meow" from Twilight?
what do آپ know about breaking dawn cast?
Can آپ please شامل میں my new club for mackanzie foy?? Shes gonna play Renesmee in breaking dawn.
Your Open QuestionShow me another » Twilight Saga Q:have they already selected who is the cast for renesmee in breaking dawn?
can somebody explain to me what they mean about Breaking Dwan being R rated یا RG-13 rated.
I Have A Challenge! Are آپ In?
What do آپ think that the breaking dawn movie will be rated???
Check out this picture i found wadya think?
Im confused!!!Help!!Are they going to make Breaking dawn into a movie?If they do are they going to تقسیم, الگ کریں it into 2 movie's??
what do آپ think the relationship between jacob and renesmee???
What Do آپ Think Breaking Dawn Should Be Rated?
Do آپ think that the people who are making this movie should تقسیم, الگ کریں it into different parts? Explain please.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.171362
Retrieved Text: Pastimes: What’s The Perfect Go-To For You?
We all have hobbies. Even if you think that you don’t. Even if you see Adam at work with his mountain climbing expeditions. Or Trish at church that bakes. Even if your hobbies don’t tend to take shape in the form of something active or creative, you most certainly have them. Maybe you like to watch TV and a certain kind of movie genre? Or you like to play football on the weekends? No matter what you like to do, it’s an important part of your life.
Or, maybe you’re someone that generally starts to watch Netflix in the evenings and you’re bored? You’re tired of doing the same old thing? When this is the case, you’re definitely going to want to try and find out what the perfect pastime is for you. And this can sound hard at first, but it’s really not. By taking a look at your interests and passions and what you truly love to do, you’ll find it.
To start with, analyse how you spend your time. Think about what you really love to do. Do you love to play games, like www.critiquesdecasino.com, or do you love to write? Really think about what you do that you enjoy. But also identify what you do that you don’t love, because this can tell you a lot.
But then also, you need to strip this back. Think about what you loved to do when you were a child. What were you most passionate about? When you think about this, it’s

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.171341
Retrieved Text: Can you think of any ways that we can protect mangroves going into the future (new laws, different ways to build things, changes in tourism or fishing...)?
Who is Protecting our Mangroves?
Can you think of any organization or government department that works to protect our mangroves? Are there ways that you can help?
What can each of us do to save our mangroves and help our island in general?
Did you use your 5 senses when visiting the mangroves? What did you hear, see, smell, taste, and touch?
Have you ever seen mangroves being knocked down? Do you think you've been in a place that used to be mangroves?
What do you think is the biggest cause of mangrove loss in Cayman?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.166128
Retrieved Text: Often it is thought that we may not have a choice of what is happening in our lives because of the circumstances we find ourselves in or events in our life. We may think that what is happening is out of our control. It is very exciting to think that we can live in a world where anything that is for the greater good is possible. We are not limited by what we think, what others think or by our perceptions. We can open the windows of our mind, by clearing the cobwebs of doubt, fear, or feelings of not being worthy. We open the windows of our mind by letting our thoughts settle, by focusing on the sky, not the clouds going by. Through the silence of meditation we can see the endless possibilities and then discern what is ours to do.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.164982
Retrieved Text: How do you think the boy is feeling?
What emotions do you think the man is experiencing?
Who is the man on the platform?
What country do you think they are in?
Is he a normal boy or does he have certain powers?
Where do you think the train is going?
Will the driver realise what has happened?
What do you think is the fastest mode of transport? Can you draw what you have chosen?
Can you write a sentence containing a relative clause?
E.g. The boy, who found himself travelling at great speed, started to panic.
It splits the main clause.
The clause begins with ‘who’, ‘which’ or ‘with’.
It must supply an extra bit of information to the sentence.
Commas should surround the embedded clause.
He held on to the train. It was going really fast. He felt scared.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.1577
Retrieved Text: and what to put into your basket?
•	How does food teach you about life? How is food important in your life?
•	How do you think food can change the way we think?
•	Does food bridge our understanding of each other?
•	How do our food experiences impact our food choices?
• How do you think of food in relation to your health?
• Is food meant to be healthy or delicious? Can it be both?
•	In your view, what is the future of food?
•	Farm to fork – Benefit of choosing local food, and what can be done to promote more?
•	Genetically engineered food (or GMO), what do you think?
•	One side of world fights to reduce food waste when the other side of the world fights to reduce food insecurity, what are your thoughts on this?
•	Food labeling and why should we read it?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.143999
Retrieved Text: On which continent is Georgia (country) located?
What is your review of Georgia (country)?
What do Americans think about Georgia (country)?
What is the US geopolitical interest in Georgia (country)?
How democratic is Georgia (country)?
What do turks think about Georgia (country)?
Does Georgia (country) hate on Turkey?
Is Georgia (country) LGBT friendly?
What do Israelis think of Georgia (country)?
What do Japanese think of Georgia (country)?
Where can I get fast loans in Georgia (country)?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.122745
Retrieved Text: I have 5 scriptures that I want to share about the importance of what you think—or, how you think about what you are thinking about. BTW, are you thinking about what you are thinking about or are you simply assuming that your thoughts are your thoughts and that you are powerless in changing them?
I have access to a realm that I didn’t have before.
What You Think Determines Who You Are, What You Do and What You Have. And, if you think you don’t have the mind of Christ then you will live like you don’t have the mind of Christ. You will waver back and forth in life, you will act like you are powerless and you will act like there aren’t any answers of solutions to your problems or the problems of the world.
What You Think Determines Who You Are, What You Do and What You Have. You can be transformed right this minute by choosing to think a new thought—by buying into a new thought about yourself, about your past, about the people in your life and/or about God.
BTW, your brain does not want to think new thoughts! It is an efficient muscle and it doesn’t want to exert any more energy than it has to so it tries to stop us from thinking new thoughts. Our spirits have been renewed but not our Muscles! Our spirit is willing but the flesh of our brain is weak!!
It takes energy to think new thoughts. That is why, after a seminar or workshop or a classroom

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.118414
Retrieved Text: I don't think I find any ethnicity better looking than the other. I think some asian guys can be very attractive though but I wouldn't say that they are the hottest males because it really depends on who they are and what they are like in person.
What are the hottest ethnicities (no racism)?
Is beauty (male & female) seen past the ethnic differences?
African American Males and Females -Another what do you think?
What do you think of White female, Asian male relationships?
For each ethnicity, What celebrity do you think..?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.105725
Retrieved Text: I commit to not criticize my body.
I will participating in one Self Care activity each day.
I will thank my body or give thanks for my body each day for helping me do my daily tasks.
Print out the questions below and place them on your mirror. Ask yourself these questions each day when you get dressed.
So what do you think? Do you think you can join our campaign for 30 days?
What do you think will be your biggest challenge/s to doing this?
What do you think can help you?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.095569
Retrieved Text: #I think and think and think, I‘ve thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.
#Don’t get too deep, it leads to overthinking, and over thinking leads to problems that don’t even exist in the first place.
Don't ruin a new day by thinking about yesterday. Let it go.
Stop worrying about what can go wrong, and get excited about what can go right.
Dear mind, please stop thinking so much at night. I need to sleep.
Overthinking is a way to create non-existent problems.
Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, Wait. Before you pay, forgive. Before you quit, try!
Instead of worrying about what might go wrong, be excited about what might go right.
#We can not solve our problems with the same level of thinking that created them.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.087708
Retrieved Text: Dance Informa chats with popular dancers Zoey and Patric after they were eliminated from So You Think You Can Dance Australia, season four. How did they find the experience, how were they challenged and did Patric benefit from having his girlfriend Ashleigh also on the show?
Dance Informa speaks with young Maddie and Stephen, Top 12 contestants on So You Think You Can Dance Australia about their time on the show and what they learnt from the process. How did they prepare themselves to perform, who were their favourite choreographers to work with, and who do they think will be crowned Australia's Favourite Dancer?
Yukino and Chris made it to the Top 14 before being cut in a tough elimination. How do they feel about their time on the show and the challenges it presented them? Were they changed as dancers and people? What choreographer did they enjoy working with the most, and who do they think will take home crown of Australia’s fav dancer?
Who do Jordan and Nadiah think will win the competition?
Eliminated So You Think You Can Dance Australia contestants Sally and Joel speak with Dance Informa after the live performance show. Do they have mixed feelings? What was their experience like? Did they improve as dancers? What do they hope to do in the future?
Hands up - who is loving the return of So You Think You Can Dance Australia? Capezio is VERY excited, not just because they love the show, but because they are proud to be product suppliers. With over 125 years in

================



======= Instance Index 704 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Which can move?" and the following answer choices: 
- Raft
 - light energy
 - vehicles
 - insects
 - protists
 - bicycle
 - animals
 - an object

Now knowing that most protists have motility and all animals are motile, moving about at some point in their life cycle, choose the best answer.

Target Text: protists

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.48827
Retrieved Text: Move Box Hack use the game data and generate a Cheat Code, which you can use to get all purchases in the game for free. It's very cool because you don't need to spend money to get a different things in the game. Many top gamers use our Move Box Hack. But the best thing of this Move Box Hack is no download required. This is Cheat Code thats why you don't need to download any Move Box Hack Tool.
How to use this Move Box Hack?
Copy Move Box Cheat which is above.
In order to use Cheat Codes, we have created a small instruction, which consists of 5 steps. With this guide and cheat codes, you can hack Move Box, and get the opportunity to make free purchases in the game. As you know, you can use Move Box mod apk, but this mod needs to be downloaded, and there is a possibility that there are viruses inside. Unlike mods, cheat codes do not need to be downloaded, they just need to be copied and pasted in the game in a special field.
How Move Box Hack work?
After you enter the Move Box cheat codes, you will be able to make purchases in the game for free, and your money will not be withdrawn. And also all fields in which there are numbers, it will be possible to edit. These codes are updated every week, and we have the latest versions of these codes.
And I forgot to tell you that Move Box Hack works on all popular mobile

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.385265
Retrieved Text: Moving (renaming) a page means giving it another name. This is done by using the "move" action of tab "More" at the top. The tab is not visible if you are not logged in. Then simply enter the new name and click "Move page". Normally you would want to leave the "Move associated talk page" option ticked.
The second point is important. By using the "Move" feature, you also move the editing history, which is desirable in most situations. The editing history allows people to see how the contents of the page were built up, and who contributed what. If you move contents around by copying and pasting (not using the move feature), you do not achieve this (see also Help:Tracking changes ).
When the move operation leaves behind a redirect (see Help:Redirects ), it should not result in any broken links except the possibility of double redirects – that is, pages redirecting to "A" which becomes a redirect itself. You might want to hunt down pages or other redirects which link in to the redirect, and change their text to link directly to the new title. The "What links here" feature, which can be used through the link in the Tools (at bottom of the sidebar on the left) is useful when doing this.
As with almost all wiki editing, a move operation can be reversed (by any user). To reverse a move operation, simply move the page back, e.g. move page "B" back to "A".
The page title "B" will still be left behind, as a redirect from

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.272907
Retrieved Text: Deciding on a page title can be a difficult aspect of wiki organization, and one which can often provoke debates. If the move you have in mind is one which might cause upset or could be considered controversial, you should propose the move first. Do this by leaving a note giving your reasons on the talk page. You might also establish a system for labeling the page itself, with a move proposal template, to make everybody aware of your intentions.
Users with the suppressredirect rights user right can optionally move a page without creating a redirect. This is particularly useful when undoing a move.
This page was last modified on 26 February 2013, at 20:59.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.246169
Retrieved Text: How do snails move around?
The word snail is loosely used for almost all members of the molluscan class Gastropoda which have coiled shells in the adult stage. (Those snails which do not have a shell or only a very small shell are usually called slugs.) Most snails move by gliding along on their muscular foot, which is lubricated with mucus. This motion is powered by succeeding waves of muscular contraction which move down the undersurface of the foot. This muscular action is clearly visible when a snail is crawling on the glass of a window or aquarium. Snails move at a proverbially low speed (1 mm/s is a typical speed]). They produce mucus in order to aid locomotion by reducing friction, and the mucus also helps reduce the snail's risk of mechanical injury from sharp objects.
How does a snail move?
How far does a snail move in one minute?
Snail Speed Snails move by alternating body contractions with stretching, with a proverbially low speed (1 mm/s) is a typical speed for an adult. So to answer your question that would be about 60 mm or 2.36 inches per minute on average depending on the exact type of snail and terrain.
How fast can apple snails move in a minute?
How fast can a snail move?
How do you move your profile playlist around?
you go to edit profile to copy the link just like you put it on there and you paste it somewhere else (ex. copy it in general and paste it in tv).
How fast a snail moves?
There are about 60,000

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.185042
Retrieved Text: DartRocket is a HTML5 Game Engine, which is written in Dart and uses the StageXL rendering engine. The main goal of this framework is to provide an easy to use solution for HTML5 game making with the Dart language.
##How to start? Please check out the wiki.
For fast start you can use the basic template.
You can find additional examples in the documentation and in the examples directory in dartrocket's github repo.
##Documentation DartRocket's Documentation on dartdocs.org.
##Blog The Framework has a blog, which will provide information about how the development is going.
##Examples These example's build will be updated, when there is a new version of DartRocket.
SpaceInvader shows a basic space invader game.
StateMachine shows how the statemanager work.
MovementSystem shows how the sprite can move. You can move with w,a,s,d and you can rotate with q,e and you can accelerate with j,k.
World-Camera shows how the camera works. You can move the ship with w,a,s,d, you can unfollow the ship with Space and you can move camera with cursors.
Gravity shows the gravity system in the game. You can move the rectangle with w,a,s,d.
This file contains highlights of what changes on each version of the DartRocket package.
DartRocket is a HTML5 game framework written in Dart and which uses the StageXL rendering engine.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.173579
Retrieved Text: Apex Legends’ Season 1 Fight Move (to be had on March 19) has various new, unique beauty pieces along side Apex Packs amongst its 100 ranges of rewards. The Fight Move is a purchasable with Apex Cash, however gamers who need to most effective play totally free can achieve this and earn a couple of unfastened rewards. Fight Move ranges are earned through merely taking part in Apex Legends. The Fight Move expires on the finish of the season, which runs for more or less 3 months, however you can stay all of the cosmetics you earn right through the season.
Be told extra in regards to the Apex Legends S1 Fight Move skins, value, and all rewards under.
Take into accout, the brand new legend Octane isn’t integrated within the Fight Move. He should be bought one after the other.
The Wild Frontier Season 1 Fight Move is available in two choices: the usual Fight Move and the Fight Move Package. Neither will also be bought within the basic on-line shops, however are as an alternative purchased in-game during the Fight Move tab. You’ll be able to wish to upload Apex Cash in your account so as to purchase the Fight Move in-game.
The usual Apex Legends Season 1 Fight Move prices 950 Apex Cash, which provides as much as be $nine.99 USD for the 1,000 Apex Cash pack.
The Fight Move Package unlocks 25 ranges of the Fight Move straight away and prices 2,800 Apex Cash. There are not any Apex Coin packs that quantity to that precisely, so

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.166465
Retrieved Text: Move Summit 2018 - How Did We Do?
* 1. How would you rate Move Summit overall?
* 2. What was your favourite thing about Move Summit 2018?
* 3. How can we improve Move Summit for 2019?
* 4. Which of the following topics were well represented?
* 5. Which of the following did you benefit from throughout the event?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.149214
Retrieved Text: We know what it is like to move a business because we started out as a small family business in SE13, SE6, SE19 and SE17 and have since taken our unique combination of home and business relocation services around the UK.
If you are leaving rented office space to move your company around in SE13, SE6, SE19 or SE17 then you will probably want your deposit back.
If you ask us to take care of your move for you then when we move you out, our cleaners can move in so click below for full details on how we can help you. SE13, SE6, SE19, SE17.
In E5 there is only one removal company that can help a business move to new premises quickly and cheaply in Lewisham, West Dulwich and Kennington.
Of all the moving companies working in Denmark Hill our moving company alone provides a house moving service which is available around the clock and at any time of year.
We know that you don’t need to be taking weeks off work to move house or move into a new apartment in SE6, SE19 and SE17 and for that reason our highly trained house movers work shifts which is entirely for the convenience of our customers.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.133014
Retrieved Text: These are small autonomous magnetic robots that can travel on vertical surfaces such as: elevators, fridges or even whiteboards.
The robots have three light sensors each, which they use to interact with the outside world. They have three personalities which can be changed by covering one of three light sensors. So, the personalities are: Red, which makes robot move fast towards the objects; Green: which makes robot move a bit slower avoiding obstacles and Yellow: which makes robot move very slow and stop when it detects object in front of it. Components used in this robot are hacked servo motors, light sensors, Arduino microcontroller and a few passives.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.12883
Retrieved Text: Christine and Matt are playing an exciting game they just invented: the Number Game. The rules of this game are as follows.
A number which has already been selected by Christine or Matt, or a multiple of such a number,cannot be chosen.
A sum of such multiples cannot be chosen, either.
If a player cannot choose any new number according to these rules, then that player loses the game.
Here is an example: Christine starts by choosing 4. This prevents Matt from choosing 4, 8, 12, etc.Let's assume that his move is 3. Now the numbers 3, 6, 9, etc. are excluded, too; furthermore, numbers like: 7 = 3+4;10 = 2*3+4;11 = 3+2*4;13 = 3*3+4;... are also not available. So, in fact, the only numbers left are 2 and 5. Christine now selects 2. Since 5=2+3 is now forbidden, she wins because there is no number left for Matt to choose.
Your task is to write a program which will help play (and win!) the Number Game. Of course, there might be an infinite number of choices for a player, so it may not be easy to find the best move among these possibilities. But after playing for some time, the number of remaining choices becomes finite, and that is the point where your program can help. Given a game position (a list of numbers which are not yet forbidden), your program should output all winning moves.
A winning move is a move by which the player who is about to move can force a win, no matter what the other player

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.127743
Retrieved Text: Here at A Smooth Move Removals, Gold Coast, we understand that moving house can be a very stressful time for a lot of people which is why we make each and every move a “Smooth Move”.
A Smooth Move Removals can also offer Boxes & Materials and a pre-packing & unpacking service should you not have the time to do so!
With fast and efficient removal service and competitive rates, A Smooth Move Removals on the Gold Coast can meet all your moving needs.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.124645
Retrieved Text: This plugin is a tool for navigating inside of a file without moving the cursor to another line.
The idea is that you fold the space between your line and the target destination and then jump to the target position.
To archive this there is a so called move-less-mode which you can enter by typing <leader>m.
If you want to remap the setting you can just create a mapping which calls the function MoveLessMode.
j: Type once and your line will be displayed at the top (if possible). Every further click will fold lines below your cursor. So you can see the text under your cursor. The number of lines which are fold are defined by the scroll attribute.
k: Type once and your line will be displayed at the bottom (if possible). Every further click will fold lines below your cursor, so you can see the upper text. The number of lines which are fold are defined by the scroll attribute.
k: Type once and your line will be displayed at the middle. Any further click will fold the text above and below your cursor position. So, that you are able to search your target positon in both directions.
h: Type once and your line will be displayed at the middle. Any further click will reduce the fold above and below your cursor position. So, you can see the text again which you already fold. It's kind of an undo for k.
<esc>: Abort move less mode and delete all foldings, you are not able to jump to Any distance place now.
p: Stop

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.114965
Retrieved Text: Had mentioned that long positions can be taken above 22353 and short positions can be taken below 22262 . Bank Nifty opened above our last daily target and also above our 3rd long weekly target . It gave a chance to go long as per weekly levels on the dip and completed 4 weekly long targets and closed well above 22661 which is our level to stay long for 22779 - 22909 next . We were expecting a breakout of the range of 22228 - 22488 by Bank Nifty and it did it on the back of ICICI results which were taken positively by the market.
Now for this week Bank Nifty needs to break and sustain above 22488 for long confirmation, then we can expect a move till 22569 - 22626 levels initially and closing above 22621 we can expect the next move till 22779 - 22909 . Similarly Bank Nifty needs to break and sustain below 22228 for short confirmation then we can expect a move till 22148 - 22091 levels initially and closing below 22056 we can expect a further move till 21937 - 21807. Today Bank Nifty has closed above 22621 opening doors for a move till 22779 - 22909 next . Those who are holding longs should move up their stoploss to 22625 spot .

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.086529
Retrieved Text: Spots are numbered consecutively as they come into existence. Every move contains, at least, a string of the form f(g)h, where f and h are an existing spot or spots and g is a new spot. A move is from spot f to spot h with spot g being generated. The notation 4(17)6 is a move from spot 4 to spot 6 with the new spot, spot 17, being created.
An "enclosing" move is a move that creates a new region. To the basic f(g)h notation, a string of the form [L] is appended. L is a list of spots that the move separates from all other spots from which they can be separated. This list uses commas and dashes as needed, the dashes to indicate consecutively numbered spots. Thus [5,7,10-12] represents spots 5, 7, 10, 11, and 12. If L is empty, the [L] is omitted.
If a new spot g can be placed in either of two distinct regions, then the string f(g@i)h is used to specify the move in which spot g is accessible to live spot i. For a move for which there is no such spot i, the string f(g)h is used.
A final element of sprouts notation is the exclamation point. The exclamation point has two uses, specified in the following two paragraphs. The purpose of the exclamation point is to avoid subtle ambiguities that could prevent or hinder the reconstruction of a game. A general interpretation of the exclamation point is that it is an indicator of a violation of "clockwise expectations".
Suppose

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.063267
Retrieved Text: You can create a new team by navigating to Settings > Teams and using the Teams wizard.
Step 1. Name and describe your new Team.
Assign a name to your Team. Team description is optional.
If your new Team is going to be where you move an existing Project, you will want to select Yes. It is only possible to move Projects between Teams that have the exact same workflow.
If you don't want to move over any Projects, you can click "No" to move on to Step 3b.
If you do not choose to move over an existing Project, you will need to select a default Workflow. You can select from our Standard Workflow (which is our sensible default for software development teams), Simple (which is the minimum Workflow for the system), or you can select a workflow from a pre-existing Team.
Once you select, the "Create Team" button you will be brought back to the main screen where you can edit the name, description, and Workflows of any Team.
You can also move Projects between Teams from this admin area provided the two Teams have the same Workflow.
For more information on moving Projects between Teams please see our Moving Projects and Stories Between Teams article.
If you choose not to move any Projects, you will need to create at least one Project in order to begin using your new Team board. Once your Project is set up, you can view your Team's board by switching to it on the Stories page using the Team switcher.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.060341
Retrieved Text: A long-distance move isn’t everyone’s cup of tea. Because of the number of tasks, you’ll have to accomplish, it’s common for homeowners to consider moving a stressful and time-consuming chore. This is especially true for homeowners who are parents or working in a full-time job.
A long-distance move requires more than just hiring long distance movers; it’s a chore that’ll demand you to clean every nook and corner of your home, properly pack all of your valuables and practice patience all the time. Moving might be a challenging chore, but it can always be done.
Preparation is critical whenever moving. Once you’re adequately prepared for a move, you’ll lessen problems and issues along the way. The amount of time and effort you pour into your preparation might even help you save money on the moving expenses.
Just like anything else in this world, your long-distance move wouldn’t be successful without a plan in hand. A plan helps you determine what tasks are to be done, when should these be done. It’ll also help you assess your progress and check if you’re on the right track.
This is the reason why you should create a plan the moment you know you’re moving. If you’re moving with the entire family, find a time and discuss how you’ll move. Are you moving all by yourselves or will you be hiring movers from NYC to help you out?
Is he moving date suitable to the schedule of students? How about to the working adults? All of these things should be considered and incorporated in your

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.057079
Retrieved Text: Dog Pacman is an arcade game which can be played at horse-games.org. It`s time for a wonderful Pacman game. The aim of the game is to guide the dog through outstanding maze levels and see how far you can get. Use the arrow keys of your keyboard to move to the left, right, up and down. Help the dog to move over all yellow dots and thus reach the next level. Avoid crashing into evil cats, which attempt to take one of your four lives. Move over the flashing dots and you can eat your enemies in a certain time limit. Cats will turn blue and move more slowly. Before they become dangerous again, cats will flash white and their vulnerable time will become shorter as you progress. It is an awesome animal arcade game, so play and have fun!
is one of our selected animal games which can be played for free at horse-games.org. It has been played 6994 times and has been rated from administrators of horse-games.org with 4.65 stars out of 5.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.049272
Retrieved Text: Routes 38 and 39 branch off in many places, and quite a few Trainers are hanging out on the two roads. They're using Flying-, Electric-, Grass- and Water-type Pokémon, among others. Moomoo Farm is along the way, and one of its Miltank is ill. You might want to help it out.
after defeating her in a rematch.
Trade phone numbers with Schoolboy Chad, and wait for his call. When you get it, come back and catch your Snubbull because the odds of catching one without it are dismal.
Since Snubbull don't swarm anymore in Crystal, that won't be of much use. However, if you trade numbers with Dana instead, sooner or later, she'll call up and give you a Thunderstone. You can use that to turn your Eevee into a Jolteon, giving you one of the best Electric Pokémon in the game. If you don't want to use up your Eevee (or the Thunderstone), make sure to catch a Magnemite. You'll need a good Electric Pokémon soon.
*Snubbull encounter rate during swarms is much higher.
The Miltank in this barn is sick, and only feeding it a bunch of Berries (around seven) will save it. There's a Berry tree nearby, but it may take you a few days to accumulate that many from just that tree, so you may want to do some backtracking or dip into your personal inventory. If you saved all of your Berries from the beginning of the quest, now is the time to use them.
The ranchers will thank you with TM 13 (Snore), an attack which

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.045885
Retrieved Text: [ Cosmic Power ] - Pokémon Move | The Pokémon Index: Evolution Chart, Move List, Images, Description, Type Match-Up, Base Stats, and more!
I can show you the world... Shining, shimmering, Ivysaur.
The Pokémon move Cosmic Power. Information on which Pokémon are able to learn the move as well as its description can be found below, organized by name and generation. For a complete list of all the Pokémon moves, check out our complete move list.
Ivysaur fetched this page in 0.494 seconds.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.033952
Retrieved Text: A business move can signify growth for your business. You might be moving because your current location can no longer accommodate the number of employees or customers you have or you might want to expand to a new target audience. This kind of move can also mean that the business is going through major changes such as rebranding or expansion. However, you can only enjoy these benefits once you’re able to move successfully from one location to another. Aside from scouting business movers for hire, you have to accomplish several things on your plate.
Take time to check the reputation of the movers.
Regardless of where your business is operating or moving, for sure, you can easily find a handful of movers to help you out. If you’re eyeing to move to New York City, you can contact movers from NYC using the internet. But since there are a lot of options to choose, you should narrow down your list by checking the reputation of the movers. Scout for at least three local movers, do a background check from online reviews and personal recommendations and check how these movers are doing as a business. Were they able to satisfy their previous customers? How do their customers see the brand? How long are these movers operating in the business? All of these things can help you choose the best mover for your upcoming business move.
Always ask about the insurance of the movers.
A business move isn’t a one-time thing. You’ll have to accomplish tasks weeks before and after the actual

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.017802
Retrieved Text: CenturyLink Cloud servers are logically organized into groups within each data center. When you create a server, you define which group to put that new server in. If for any reason, you need to put that server into a different group, the following steps will show you how to move a server into another group any time after it has been created.
From the Servers page, click on the server you wish to move.
On the Server Details page, click "settings" to view the Server Settings page.
On the Server Settings page, click on the "member of" field to change the parent group.
Now, from the list of groups, select which group you would like to move the server into and then click "save".
Note: You can only move servers to groups within the same data center that the server is in. Also, you cannot move servers into the Archive or Templates groups, as these are special groups used for archiving and templates. For more information, read about archiving and custom templates.
The page should refresh after a few seconds and show the server is now in the group you selected.
Finally, please note that although through the control UI you can only move one server at a time, you can use the API to move multiple servers programmatically, if desired. Also, you can rename a group from the group's Group Settings page.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.017087
Retrieved Text: Pallets trucks are those kind of transportation trucks which are used inside the premises of the offices and companies to move the items from one place to another. These kind of trucks are made from light material and they are usually small and compact in size. They are made in such a way that they can transport maximum amount of products without compromising on the portability.
The forklift truck is also like pallets but, the forklift have motorized engines and they have lifts which can be used to move the items up and down to put them on the shelves which are not reachable by regular people.
The fork truck is usually used at places like warehouses where the items are stacked on top of each other and the items and boxes cannot be reached by regular people. The forklift trucks can be moved upto several stories where they are made in such a way that they can be moved from one place to another easily.
The high lift pallet trucks are like regular pallet trucks which have wheels and a lever to help the workers move them but, high left pallet trucks have special jacks on them which can be raised easily to load and unload the boxes which are stored on higher places.
The fork trucks are also used at places like shipyards and cargo areas where heavy items need to be moved without damaging the items. These trucks are made in such a way that they can move heavy objects without damaging the loaded products nor the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.012239
Retrieved Text: Is it possible to move a collection in the same manner as cards?
We are redesigning some of our layouts and want to be able to move entire collections to new pages/subpages. We have not seen the ability to move a collection like you can move a card. (Go to the wrench, select move/copy, then select the page you want to move the collection and all cards within that collection). That would save a lot of time.
Similarly, if we duplicate a card we are given an option to select the page you want it to go to. One improvement that would save us some time is the ability to also select the collection as well. This would allow us to move the card without then having to go to the new page and drag the card from the bottom (uncategorized) to the collection. We think it would be cool to have the option to assign it when we are duplicating the card/page.
Re: Is it possible to move a collection in the same manner as cards?
Pages, subpages, and collections can't be moved in their entirety. You have to move individual cards. It can be laborious.
So your ideas are great. Make sure you put them on the Ideas Exchange page in Dojo. In fact, there may be a similar idea out there already. You can search there and upvote any existing posts.
This can be done; Domo support has something on the back end which will allow moving and duplication of collections and pages in a way that we do

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.005711
Retrieved Text: In a turn based puzzle game where CPU time isn''t a worry and the computer can spend a few seconds calculating it''s next move then I''d suggest a heuristic state space search.
Basically work out a heuristic for each aspect of the game, in Chess this would could be 1 point for a pawn, 5 points for a castle 10 points for the queen etc. and calculate all possible moves from the current position (or world state) then calculate all the possible moves from each of those world states and all of the possible moves from those world states and so on. You could have a cut of for the depth of the search or you could only expand the best five world states from any node in the search to speed things up.
Then find the best move to make based on what could happen in the future. The best move could be decided to be the best average score from all the potential world states possible from making that move or it could be the move which has the highest, lowest possible score i.e. for each potential move find the lowest heuristic score that can occur from this move and make the move which can potentially cause the least damage presuming the human opponent makes the best moves on their turn.
That''s basically the best method where CPU time is not a problem (IMHO).

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.968693
Retrieved Text: When it comes time to move, wouldn’t it be nice if you could simply press a button for a checklist of everything you need to do? Great news: you can do just that.
We’ve got you covered with a moving checklist for every aspect of your move. You may already have lots of experience with to-do lists, as it turns out that making lists is part of human nature. There is something reassuring about seeing all the steps of a process laid out in simple statements. Crossing items off your moving checklists will remind you that yes, you are getting things done, even when you’re surrounded by moving boxes.
Keep your moving checklists together in a binder. Add some blank sheets for notes and sheet protectors for things like moving company contracts and important records. Don’t pack the binder! Keep it handy through every step of your move.
Let’s begin with a timeline. The Perfect Printable Moving Timeline is a comprehensive moving checklist that begins six weeks before your move and takes you through each week up to Moving Day. This timeline includes tasks—from getting copies of your medical records to having your car tuned up—that will help make your move seamless.
The best way to kick off the moving process is to thoroughly clean your current home. This will give you the chance to sort which items will come with you on the move and which you’ll donate or sell. The Moving Cleaning Checklist includes areas that are easy to overlook, like kitchen baseboards and the blades of an

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.968493
Retrieved Text: 28 Luxury Planning A House Move - You can see and find a picture of 28 Luxury Planning A House Move with the best image quality at "Ce-designs.net". Find out more about 28 Luxury Planning A House Move which can make you become more happy. Ce-designs.net provides awesome collection of high definition 28 Luxury Planning A House Move picture, image, photo and wallpaper. Download this 28 Luxury Planning A House Move collection picture, image, photo and wallpaper for free that are delivered in high definition, 236x641 Pixel.
Browse 28 Luxury Planning A House Move similar image, picture, wallpaper and photo in Home Design archive. 28 Luxury Planning A House Move picture, image, photo or wallpaper has viewed by 13 users.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.963029
Retrieved Text: In this tutorial you can see how to sort files into folders automatically with RoboBasket. RoboBasket is an auto file sorter which can move, copy, rename, delete files according to file's name, extension, type, creation date, modified date, and more file attributes.
You can download RoboBasket from here.
Here is a quick start guide about RoboBasket. You can take a glance at how to use this software.
First , you have to add the folder which your files placed(e.g. your Downloads or Desktop). Then create rules under the folder with the rule editor.
Drag and drop condition to filter the files, and Drag and drop actions which you want to perform to the files.
Click "Done" to save the rule. Now you can preview the rule match status in the folder preview grid. If there are matched items you can click "Organize Now" button to perform the move action.
You can continue to create more rules under this folder.
Besides "Move to" action you can also use the "Sort into subfolder" action. This action can create a folder in the file's current location then move the file into it.
After you create your rules set. Click the "Save and Organize in the background" button in the tool bar, RoboBasket will stay in the background and organize your files silently.
Use the "Extension" or "Kind" condition can filter files by its type.
Let's say you want to move all your music to My Music Folder. You can create your rules like the following figure.
You can also sort file into extension folders with the "Sort into subfolder" action.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.96244
Retrieved Text: The removals increase considerably during the summer. In all countries, the increase in removals in summer exceeds 20% compared to other times of the year.
This option has its advantages and its disadvantages.
During the summer, people have more free time, so they can take advantage of the holidays to better plan the move than if they were working.
People can make a move in a more relaxed and relaxed, reducing the stress that normally leads to this situation.
If someone has children at home, it is preferable to make a move in summer to not interrupt either their studies or their usual activities. This also allows them to involve the children in the move in a positive way, teaching them to organize their personal things and to know how to give priority to the belongings that they want to keep and from which they must be detached. They can take advantage of the occasion to carry out an educational activity with the children.
People have more time to adapt to their new home, learn more about the new neighborhood and its infrastructures.
Once installed, people can better organize the placement of furniture and furnishings and leave their new home perfectly prepared to be inhabited comfortably from the beginning.
Make moving in summer is especially recommended in areas where there is usually abundant rainfall and cold throughout the year that can make it difficult to carry out the move without risk to the belongings.
Because of the considerable increase in demand, the removal companies are more requested, and it is much more difficult to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.959501
Retrieved Text: Starting with the theoretical, we can calculate the longest possible game of chess. When we talk about 1 move we mean 1 move for white and 1 move for black. There is a rule that states that if no checkmate, pawn movement or piece capture happens within 50 moves then the game is declared a draw, i.e. any move that permanently changes something about the board state. This is to stop people playing on in vain with insufficient material to be able to checkmate.
The longest game would have to have white make 50 waiting moves and black to only do something permanent on their 50th move, like moving a pawn forward one. After another 49 waiting moves again, one of the players makes another permanent step.
These waiting moves can be shuffling knights around at the start of the game (carefully planning within each batch of 50 that the same position doesn't occur 3 times to avoid drawing the game) and then later by shuffling other pieces backwards and forwards.
The number of permanent moves we can count as each pawn getting to the other side (without jumping forwards two spaces) which is 6 spaces * 16 pawns = 96, plus every piece getting captured barring one = 29. You should avoid using pawns to do any captures because that would move them forwards. The remaining piece (plus the 2 kings) will be used to set up the final checkmate which will happen on the 50th move of that batch. Overall this makes (96 + 29 + 1)

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.955421
Retrieved Text: Move Orders in Oracle provide good functionality for approval based movement of material with in an inventory organization. Move Order Approvals use a workflow (INV: Move Order Approval) for approvals and hence provide flexibility to extend it for approvals.
Move Order Requisitions: These are created from the move order form. Based on the setup at the organization and item level, move orders require approval before they can be allocated and transacted. These requisitions can be created to charge an account or move the material from one subinventory to another.
Based on these sources, when appropriate programs are run, move orders are automatically created.
Pick Wave Move Order Requisitions: These move orders are specifically for the sales order picking process. When Pick Releasing program is run move orders are created as preapproved and allocated. Pick Confirm process transacts these pick wave move orders.
Move orders contain headers and lines. All types of approved move orders have to be allocated (basically reserved) before they can be transacted. Depending on the item transaction controls (Subinventory, Locator, Revision, Lot or Serial number) move order creation and allocation gets complex.
The process is simple. Create and approve Move orders, allocate move order lines and transact them.
In this article let us review creating, allocating, and transacting a move order requisition of first type (requisitions) using APIs. These move orders will be created in pre approved status and hence do not use workflow. Move Order Issue transaction type is used in this example. An account is chosen while creating this move order. When successfully transacted, this account gets

================



======= Instance Index 5060 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is natural?" and the following answer choices: 
- wetland
 - aging
 - iPhones
 - immortality
 - magic
 - Light
 - Spruce
 - wind

Now knowing that aging is associated with the death of cells and cell death is natural, choose the best answer.

Target Text: aging

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.531887
Retrieved Text: What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is just one of the many collections of images or photos on this website. There are approximately 55697 images that exist in our database associated with this post. This post of "what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora" was uploaded by frederick on 30-08-2018 and posted on the romishop.co website with category What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair and has been viewed some 516,015 times.
This is a image related to what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora, there are approximately 55697 background related to this what *r* the best hair products for natural curly hair photos gallery. Please see the details below and click on the title for more information..
What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is post about The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by jaime on 16 October 2018.
What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is post about What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by jonathan on 27 September 2018.
What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is pic about The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by clifford on 11 October 2018.
What *r* the best products for natural hair awesome 5 great curly is image about What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by jon

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.514898
Retrieved Text: What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is just one of the many collections of images or photos on this website. There are approximately 55697 images that exist in our database associated with this post. This post of "what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora" was uploaded by maurice on 27-09-2018 and posted on the romishop.co website with category What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair and has been viewed some 79,580 times.
This pictures of "what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora" is from the above 602x602 resolutions which is part of the What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair directory, Download this wallpapers for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
This is a image related to what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora, there are approximately 55697 post related to this what *r*

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.390367
Retrieved Text: What is the abbreviation for Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program?
A: What does INRSEP stand for?
INRSEP stands for "Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program".
A: How to abbreviate "Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program"?
"Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program" can be abbreviated as INRSEP.
A: What is the meaning of INRSEP abbreviation?
The meaning of INRSEP abbreviation is "Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program".
A: What is INRSEP abbreviation?
One of the definitions of INRSEP is "Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program".
A: What does INRSEP mean?
INRSEP as abbreviation means "Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program".
A: What is shorthand of Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program?
The most common shorthand of "Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program" is INRSEP.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.2299
Retrieved Text: What Factors Affect the Price of Natural Gas?
The natural gas market is affected by four primary factors: weather, natural gas inventory, natural gas production, and what’s occurring in the market place with other fuels – primarily oil. Changing supply/demand fundamentals, unpredictable weather, the emergence of a global liquid natural gas market, and dynamic natural gas storage data have all contributed to the recent increase in natural gas volatility. The market ebbs and flows much like the stock market. Anyone of these factors can have great influence on how natural gas is priced.
What is the Public Utility Commission?
Should I Choose a Different Supplier?
What is a "rate class"?
How Long are Supplier Energy Agreements?
If I Live in a Municipality or Co-Op Can I Switch Suppliers?
How do I Choose a New Energy Supplier?
What Factors Affect the Price of Electricity?
How Can I Find Out if a Competitive Energy Supplier is Reputable?
How Long is a Contract with a Energy Supplier?
How Will I know if I'm Eligible to Switch My Competitive Energy Supplier?
Does Energy Deregulation Affect Your Service?
What Does Energy Deregulation Mean for Me?
What is a Competitive Market?
What is a Competitive Energy Supplier?
What is a Fixed Price Plan?
What is a Variable Price Plan?
What is the Difference Between a Competitive Energy Supplier and a Local Utility Company?
What is Energy Price Choice?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.195239
Retrieved Text: What is the abbreviation meaning/definition of IUCN ?
Like to add another meaning or definition of the acronym/abbreviation IUCN?
Q: What does IUCN stand for? A: IUCN stands for "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources".
Q: How to abbreviate "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources"? A: "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources" can be abbreviated as IUCN.
Q: What is the meaning of IUCN acronym? A: The meaning of IUCN acronym is "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources".
Q: What is IUCN abbreviation? A: One of the definitions of IUCN is "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources".
Q: What does IUCN mean? A: IUCN as abbreviation means "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources".
Q: What is shorthand of International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources? A: A common acronym of "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources" is IUCN.
The atronumerology analysis of IUCN only offers an indication of IUCN this is or how you need to push yourself to attain the better qualities of IUCN, but not who you are or detined to become when IUCN represents a person's name.
What are the meanings of the letters in the abbreviation IUCN?
Tags: What does IUCN mean? Meaning of IUCN. Did you find the meaning or definition of IUCN? Please, add a definition of IUCN if you did not find what IUCN means.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.186896
Retrieved Text: Why is your 99 Blazer sluggish on take off?
The 99 Blazer could be sluggish for several reasons. Check the airfilter fuel pressure and EGR valve for a start.
Can you stop taking thyroid medicine?
Thyroid hormone is necessary for survival. If a patient stops taking their medication, this may result in disease or even death.
What can i take for natural herbs for longer erection?
Is there a natural herb to take for a sluggish thyroid?
What is the best herb for a natural high?
Is there a danger taking thyroid medication if you don't have a thyroid problem?
Yes ... it could cause Hyper-thyroidism ... too much is not better in medical terms.
What nature herbs cures for Arthritis?
What Natural herbs get you high?
Do you take your thyroid medicine before a thyroid blood test?
Can natural herbs help get pregnant?
What if you take too much thyroid?
Is there a natural alternative for thyroid medicine?
Why do you have to take thyroid medication in the am?
\nMainly because it is best absorbed on an empty stomach (which actually means you should be taking it an hour before breakfast, not just in the morning).
What is a good natural thyroid remedy?
What elements in nature make up thyroid?
Is there a Natural herb cure for diabetes?
What Thyroid condition if you take levothyroxine?
Can you give your dog natural herbs?
Yes, but like with humans you need to be careful about allergic reactions. There are many excellent books on herbal remedies for cats, dogs and even farm animals.
Usually if you need to take thyroid medication, you will always need to take it. But the best

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.175248
Retrieved Text: Root meaning: What is in harmony with the nature of a thing or of reality. Conventional: What we find easy, effortless. What is in accord with the world of (physical) nature. ACIM: What is of God, since the true nature of everything is God's nature. Heaven, formless abstraction, is our natural state (see W-pI.161.2:1). On earth, what is truly natural are miracles. The ego, the body and the "natural" world are extremely unnatural. They are habits we taught ourselves with great difficulty over millions of years. As a result, they now seem natural, while what is truly natural seems alien and difficult. See T-16.II.3, W-pI.41.8:1-3.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.141117
Retrieved Text: What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural is a part of Protective Hairstyles For Natural Hair pictures gallery. To see this What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural in High Resolutions, right click on the image and choose "Save Image As" and then you will get this image about What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural.
This digital photography of What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural has dimension 1600 × 1200 pixels. You can see a gallery of Protective Hairstyles For Natural Hair below. Get segments interesting article about Protective Hairstyles For Natural Hair that may help you.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.109156
Retrieved Text: The idea of Natural health is amusing to me. I have heard people talking about natural health this and that, almost as if it has a universal meaning. Yet, it probably has a totally different meaning to diverse people. What is thought of as natural for one person may be totally unnatural for another. So, whose definition do we accept? Is it the definition of the aborigine, the American Indian, the Buddhist, the Christian Scientist or the Chinese?
Just what is natural health? Is it healing only by the power of God? Is it using only natural cures and preventative measures? Is it using nothing man made? Is it using only commodities that occur naturally without having to be synthesized by man? Is it only certain things that have been developed by man, and not others? If you really want to understand what natural health means, you must understand what constitutes natural and health?
When you get right down to it, can anything be more or less natural than anything else? This reminds me of people who say they will take only natural substances. Do you see the strangeness of this comment? What are natural substances? How is natural differentiated from the unnatural? Some people have told me they only drink herbal drinks but would not touch coffee. Yet, what is coffee, if not an herb? The fact that something is an herb, does not make it good or bad, but just an herb.
When you look at natural health and say, “This is the way,” you imply there

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.103632
Retrieved Text: BioGro is accredited by NATRUE to provide health and bodycare products with natural certification which meets an internationally recognised standard.
Many consumers care about not only what they put in their bodies but also what they put on their bodies. Increasingly, consumers wanting to do the right thing are taken advantage of by products marketed under the guise of being “natural” when many bear little resemblance to what a consumer would either expect or would be allowed under natural standards.
BioGro is proud to be the only Australasian organisation accredited by NATRUE to certify health and bodycare products (cosmetics) as natural. Natural certification by BioGro provides consumers with the assurance and confidence that a health and bodycare product meets internationally recognised standards. Verification of this is achieved through BioGro’s robust and independent certification process.
Ingredients must be natural but they do not have to be organic (from organic production). Natural certification and the NATRUE logo assists consumers in being able to identify genuine natural cosmetics.
At least 70% of natural* ingredients must stem from certified organic production and/or certified wild collection.
At least 95% of natural* ingredients must come from certified organic production and/or certified wild collection.
BioGro also has its own health and bodycare certification programme. Contact us to find out more.
NATRUE is an international non-profit association based in Brussels, Belgium. In 2007, several European manufacturers of Natural and Organic Cosmetics joined forces and founded NATRUE. Since then others have joined and NATRUE now represents a big part of the European Natural and Cosmetics market. NATRUE has one common goal, to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.076535
Retrieved Text: Jeremy Waldron (NYU School of Law) has posted What is Natural Law Like? The abstract follows.
“The State of Nature,” said John Locke, “has a Law of Nature to govern it, which obliges every one.” But what is “a law of nature”? How would we tell, in a state of nature, that there was a natural law as opposed to something else — like positive law, a set of customs, natural morality, natural ethics, a set of natural inclinations, the truth of certain prudential calculations, a widespread but perhaps false belief in some transcendent law, the voice of God, or just a natural disposition on the part of some pompous people to make sonorous objective-sounding pronouncements? What form should we expect natural law to take in our apprehension of it? This paper argues three things. (a) John Finnis’s work on natural law provides no answer to these questions; his “theory of natural law” is really just a theory of the necessary basis in ethics for evaluating positive law. (b) We need an answer to the question “What is natural law like” not just to evaluate the work of state-of-nature theorists like Locke, but also to explore the possibility that natural law might once have played the role now played by positive international law in regulating relations between sovereigns. And (c), an affirmative account of what natural law is like must pay attention to (1) its deontic character; (2) its enforceability; (3) the ancillary principles that have to be associated with its main normative requirements if it is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.066169
Retrieved Text: What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoo..
What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoors)..
What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoors) is a type of experiential therapy for troubled teens, and it works! Through Adventure Ther..
What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoors) is a type of experiential therapy for troubled teens, and it works! Through Adventure Therapy some teens a..
What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoors) is a type of experiential therapy for troubled teens, and..
What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoors) is a type of experiential therapy for troubled teens, and it works! Thro..
What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoors) is a type of experiential therapy for troubled ..

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.04936
Retrieved Text: A Guide to Natural Skin Care This guide serves as an overview to natural skin care and highlights key topics from acne, to organic cleansers to anti-aging treatments.
The Basics of Natural Cleansers Natural cleansers are at your finger tips today. Stop using conventional, harmful face washes and start using environmentally friendly cleansers.
An Introduction to Natural Makeup Remover In this article we highlight the common chemicals found in makeup remover and how you can swap it out for natural makeup remover alternatives.
Homemade Face Wash Recipe Find out how you can make a homemade natural skin cleanser from rosemary and mint. This versatile face wash will leave your skin naturally clean.
The Basics of Natural Face Scrub Stop using chemical filled facial scrubs and have fun making your own natural face scrub that is healthy for your skin and is environmentally friendly.
Homemade Facial Scrub Recipe Learn how to make a homemade facial scrub from tea tree oil an almond meal for a simple, natural face scrub that will leave your skin feeling rejuvenated.
An Introduction to Natural Skin Toners Skin toners can be beneficial for your face but only if they're natural, and free of toxic chemicals. Learn how to choose the right product in stores or make your own homemade alternative.
Homemade Facial Toner Recipe Learn how to make homemade, natural facial toner made from rose water with this simple recipe.
An Overview of Natural Face Masks and Facials Natural face masks and facials are easy to obtain. Learn how you can start avoiding chemical ridden facials by creating your own

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.032501
Retrieved Text: There are individuals that drop ill that go for months prior to the physicians can also start to tighten down the factors why it might be occurring and also what might be incorrect. I have a close friend that is going with this right currently, and also I am shedding confidence in western medication. Lots of that go with this end up transforming to all-natural medication as well as all all-natural remedies to combat what is troubling them.
All all-natural remedies are rather avoided by western medication, yet you can not mark down the millions that make use of these treatments with a hundred percent success. Some all-natural remedies have actually been about much longer than there have actually been health centers and also several of them function wonders when absolutely nothing else has actually assisted.
If you have a clinical problem that no one appears to be able to recognize or assist you with, you need to take into consideration looking for out all all-natural treatments for assistance. You must understand that also though there are times when all-natural medication functions where western medication will not, there are not all all-natural remedies for whatever.
You need to be cautious with all all-natural remedies if you are on any type of drugs that are suggested to you by your physician. If you are currently utilizing all all-natural remedies and also you discover you should go to a physician of western medication, make certain you allow them recognize what you are doing as well as what you are placing right

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.008369
Retrieved Text: 'Natural' and 'organic' sound like fine buzzwords for your moisturizer, but do they actually mean anything?
As Canadians continue to spend more money on beauty products every year — they spent $1.13 billion on prestige beauty in 2017 — and the demand grows for natural or eco-friendly options, “natural” labelling is outpacing more traditional ones as the most popular skincare claim.
Unfortunately, despite what a beauty product may claim on its packaging, what lies inside isn’t always as “natural” or “clean” as many consumers would hope.
He says the term “natural” is as natural as the company’s marketing plan wants it to be.
When the natural beauty trend started to take hold in the early 1990s, oftentimes companies would just re-brand a well-performing product as “natural” by making it green and adorning the bottle with images of flowers. And it worked.
To help consumers navigate the beauty aisles, which today are rife with products with natural, organic and botanical claims, Romanowski breaks down the different labels and explains what they mean.
The concept of a natural product is a subjective one based on the brand’s philosophy on what is natural.
But no matter what they use, there’s no one really regulating what they’re putting in or policing their claims.
READ MORE: How natural are ‘natural’ beauty products?
Health Canada doesn’t impose standards for natural or organic claims in personal care products, and although they’re attempting to change that, they’re being met with opposition from health product retailers and manufacturers. However, the newly approved IOS Cosmetics Standard is attempting to change that by introducing strict natural

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.008201
Retrieved Text: Labelling is confusing – how do I choose a good brand?
Organic versus natural; what is the difference?
Are chemicals really bad for my skin?
Why is natural skincare getting so popular?
What does ‘naturally derived’ and ‘nature identical’ mean?
How do I tell if a product is natural?
I would like to go natural but will I be missing out on the science?
My skin is sensitive – should I be using natural ingredients?
Are natural ingredients better for my skin?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 8.9823265
Retrieved Text: Halton Region is reviewing natural heritage system policies to preserve the natural environment and protect source water. Learn more about our review's scope.
What is the Natural Heritage System (NHS)?
Why is the Natural Heritage System in the Regional Official Plan?
What NHS policies are in the Regional Official Plan?
Why are we reviewing the Regional Official Plan?
What other Natural Heritage System policies are we reviewing?
Halton Region has natural areas such as woodlands, wetlands, streams, creeks, valleylands, and meadows which provide habitat for diverse plants and animals. The remaining natural areas in Halton are considered our heritage and the heritage of future generations. Healthy natural areas best survive when connected and linked to other natural areas.
A Natural Heritage System results when various natural areas are connected and protected for present and future generations.
Halton Region and all other municipalities in Ontario are responsible for protecting the natural environment. Preserving natural heritage is a key part of Halton’s planning vision. The Natural Heritage System provides environmental, health, economic, and cultural benefits for today and future generations.
Halton Region implements its planning vision through policies in its Regional Official Plan.
Halton Region, like all municipalities in Ontario, is required to review and update their Official Plans to be consistent with and conforming to provincial policies and plans.
The Regional Official Plan Review – Phase 1 Directions Report, 2016 (PDF file) identifies the policy themes under review.
Source protection plans contain policies that set out actions to protect a clean, safe, and sustainable water supply for all Ontario residents.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 8.9804735
Retrieved Text: What are the benefits of a single implant?
Will the implant look and feel natural?
Am I a candidate for an implant?
What is the procedure for a single implant?
What is XircOn Ultra 4-6?
What are the benefits of XircOn Ultra 4-6?
Will the XircOn 4-6 look and feel natural?
Am I a candidate for XircOn Ultra 4-6?
What is the procedure for XircOn Ultra 4-6?
Will the dental bridge look and feel natural?
Am I a candidate for a dental bridge?
What is the procedure for a dental bridge?
Will the Implant-Supported Dentures Look and Feel Natural?
What is the procedure for implant supported dentures?
What is XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?
What are the benefits of XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?
Am I a candidate for XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?
What is the procedure for XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.978381
Retrieved Text: Helping horses by helping people understand natural horse care. This includes natural hoof care, natural horsemanship, natural boarding, and a reasonably natural diet.
"Naturalizing the life of the horse is the only path leading to optimal health, happiness, and wellness."
"Naturalizing the life of the horse"? What does that mean? It simply means providing for the horse its true biological needs- as best we can.
The fact is, few of the most common and traditional horse care practices address even the most basic needs of the horse. Think about that...most common horse care practices do not even meet the horse's BASIC needs!
My website is devoted to helping horses by raising people's awareness of how to provide holistic horse care based on the research of Jaime Jackson- veteran hoof care professional, lecturer, author, researcher, and noted expert on wild and domestic horse hooves.
I've found that many people believe they totally understand what "natural horse care" or "natural hoof care" are all about- UNTIL they are introduced to the actual facts and meanings of these terms. Then they either reject the NHC paradigm, or cautiously begin to seek more information. I cater to people who are seeking more information regarding the true nature of the horse, and how to apply that information to horses in their care- whether it be building a better relationship with their horse, or how to better address their horse care practices (i.e., a reasonably natural diet, natural boarding, natural horsemanship, and natural hoof care).
By understanding and using these "Four Pillars" of Natural Horse Care (NHC), the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.975429
Retrieved Text: Essential to the proper understanding of mental illness, the question is therefore what society?s definition of normal living and normal mental health is. More to the point, what is the nature of society, what is the context within which sanity is defined? Society, after all, is not something natural but something arbitrary and human-made, whereas the workings of one?s mind are fundamentally natural as the end result of natural evolution. In other words, it appears at first glance that a natural function is being defined through contrast with and under a framework of human sociological convention.
What is meant by ?society? is society and its metaphysical context?its stereotypical conceptions and beliefs of reality that have such a great influence over the daily actions of most people. These stereotypes result from human civilization, because as environment changes from natural to artificial, one?s mode of thinking and living must obviously also shift from something natural to something conventional that fits with the environment civilization sets.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.969758
Retrieved Text: The term “natural beauty” gets thrown around often enough that many people don’t actually know what natural beauty is. Is natural beauty a way of avoiding having to enhance one’s appearance for public presentation? Does it mean that a natural beauty only uses things made from nature? Or is a natural beauty someone who can look great no matter what? To some degree or another, the answer to all of these questions is yes.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.950289
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 02:14:21 am at 04/20/2019 02:14:21 am in Why Latex Mattress.
why latex mattress blended talalay latex mattress topper spindle natural latex mattress bstock king queen spindle natural latex mattress bstock king.
top myths about all natural latex mattresses latex mattresses dont hold up, natural latex mattress topper boral atelier de matelas natural latex mattress topper, talalay latex mattresses best certified natural talalay latex natural talalay latex mattresses, talalay vs dunlop latex foam mattresses whats the real difference dunlop latex mattresses, natural latex mattress topper my organic sleep natural latex mattress topper myorganicsleep, latex for less natural latex mattress closeup of latex for less natural mattress, what is a latex mattress savvy rest what is a latex mattress, best latex mattress reviews the sleep judge now that you have a better idea of what to look for in your top rated latex mattress lets take a moment to review the primary benefits this material has , latex mattresses bedroom furniture the home depot botanical bliss split california king in mediumfirm latex mattress, latex mattress toppers mattresses and cores latex mattress factory natural latex mattress, latex mattress ace hotel shop latex mattress latex mattress .

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.946412
Retrieved Text: What is a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond or "NSP"?
How do we Clean Water Without Chemicals?
What do We Clean From the Water?
What is Maintenance Like for a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Do our Biological Filters Ever Clog or Need to Be Cleaned Out?
Do our Natural Swimming Pool/Ponds work in Really Warm Climates?
Do Our Natural Swimming Pool/Ponds Work in Really Cold Climates?
How Much Does a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond Cost to Build?
How Much Does a Custom Natural Swimming Pool/Pond Design Cost?
Can You Heat a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Can You Keep Fish in a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Do I Need a Separate Filter Pool or "Regeneration Zone"?
Are Mosquitoes a Problem in a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Will Snakes Get in a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Do Natural Swimming Pool/Ponds Use Salt to Clean the Water?
Can You Convert a Traditional Pool Into a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Can You Convert a Farm Pond into a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Yes, we can help you convert (or simply clean up) your pond! Contact us to get started!
How Big (or Small) Can a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond be?
Where Should You Put a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond in Your Yard?
What's the average Energy Cost to Run a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Don't see your question answered above? Ask us your question below and we will email you back with an answer as soon as we can (please allow up to one week).
Our newly updated eBook has all you need to create your own Natural Swimming Pool or Pond! Our new edition is packed with detailed information, formulas, and over 80 illustrations, photographs, and Step-by-Step examples. Learn the concepts and design your

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.940068
Retrieved Text: … the antidiabetic properties of fenugreek here is your diabetes natural treatments herbs 7 diabetes natural treatments revealed.txt, author. ★ natural remedies for diabetes insipidus ★★ diabetes breakthrough ★ natural remedies for diabetes insipidus ★★ diabetes breakthrough revealed ::. What are considered as natural "cures" in beating diabetes? (considered as natural cures for diabetes) has a great effect on diabetics,.
Through the use of a diabetes natural treatment i was able to decrease both my blood sugar level and my 7 diabetes natural treatments revealed ezinearticles. ★ natural cures for type 1 diabetes ★★ 7 day diabetic meal plan :: natural cures for type 1 diabetes treatment diabetes one study revealed that obesity. Are natural remedies safe and effective for treating type 2 diabetes? what to consider before using natural therapies for diabetes treatment..
Eight remedies treat diabetes naturally. home. in the interview kirt tyson revealed that his diet was completely eight types of natural remedies available. The best natural diabetes treatment program revealed! try this completely natural medical proven diabetes treatment program diabetes treatment. Natural remedies for diabetic retinopathy treatment diabetes & alternative diabetes treatment ★★★ natural remedies for in europe after had been revealed how.
The best natural diabetes treatment program revealed! try this completely natural medical proven diabetes treatment program diabetes treatment. ★ natural remedies for diabetes insipidus ★★ diabetes breakthrough ★ natural remedies for diabetes insipidus ★★ diabetes breakthrough revealed ::. Are natural remedies safe and effective for treating type 2 diabetes? what to consider before using natural therapies for diabetes treatment..

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.937111
Retrieved Text: Stefano Tripney is a MovNat certificated team instructor, natural movement fitness trainer, and martial arts instructor based in Victoria, BC. Stefano creatively bridges the inner workings of the mind and body with our collective external landscapes in order to explore, learn, experience, and play with the world and our place in it. He is known for his bright energy and ability to inspire mindful execution, technical skill, physical competence and limitless creativity.
Today we’re excited to have him on the show where he’ll be sharing his take on natural movement as a cultural phenomenon, and how you can get involved and get started on your own natural movement journey.
What is happening culturally around the outdoor natural movement? What can we do about it to live more vibrantly happy?
The importance of goals on your natural movement journey.
What is the MovNat Brand, what skills are needed, and how is it taught?
What are manipulative skills vs locomotive skills?
How locomotive patterns develop throughout the human lifespan, especially during infancy.
Is there a mental capacity that is lost from lack of movement?
How taking movement out into nature can change your perspective.
The first things people generally try in order to get healthy are diets and gym memberships. Why?
What are some of the things people can start to do to stimulate the body and the mind in a fresh way?
How do you manage risk and danger levels in changing environments?
What can people do in the workplace to be more connected to their natural movement?
How the pieces of technology we’ve created, such as furniture, should be

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.929055
Retrieved Text: Natural Chinese formula supports relief from symptoms of Tinnitus.
Providing High Quality Natural Herbal Remedies, Supplements, & Vitamins Since 1910. Continuously Enhancing Our Products & Services Has Been The Key To Our Longevity.
What Is a Homeopathic Remedy for Swollen Feet?
What Are Some Tips for Natural Relief From Tinnitus?
How Do You Cure "ringing in the Ears" Naturally?
What Are Natural Treatments for Tinnitus?
What Are Some Holistic Ways to Treat Tinnitus of the Ear?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.911784
Retrieved Text: Sacramento River, originally uploaded by njhdiver.
Tornado and Lightning, originally uploaded by tlindenbaum.
What is a natural disaster? What questions do you have about natural disasters? What would you like to know about natural disasters? What do you find interesting about them? Please write three sentences.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.907088
Retrieved Text: So, What is natural skincare?
Should I avoid that chemical – is it a carcinogen?
Walking the aisles of a store, you seek products that are labeled organic and have a focus on wellness. It is fantastic to be so intentional with your shopping – that means you’re already ahead of the curve.
The trouble is – beauty product labels can be highly misleading.
Most people do not realize the truth – beauty brands can slap on labels far more easily than one would think. Yes, a lotion may have a sticker that says “all natural” but in truth…what does that really mean?
We’ll share precisely what – in a few moments.
Thankfully, there are telltale signs for how to spot what companies are delivering the best products that are actually natural – and what red flags there are to look out for.
The startling truth about federal regulations – are there ANY in the beauty industry?
First, you’ll want to know what level of regulation there is now – and what the label on that drugstore box actually means.
If we can share one nugget of information with you today, let it be this. Know that the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) barely regulates any companies in the beauty space.
That is a frightening amount of trust to put into brands.
Brands, especially big, well-established companies, may take advantage of this FDA laxity. And truth be told, there are brands who DO take advantage of it.
Companies do not have to register their beauty formulas with the FDA…it’s voluntary.
This information makes us question what’s in our medicine

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.899842
Retrieved Text: Hygenic Extruded Natural Rubber Tubing - The Hygenic Corp.
Hygenic® Extruded Natural Rubber Tubing is a thermoset developed from dry natural rubber. Dry natural rubber can be compounded for a variety of uses with various processing aides and curatives before it is manufactured by means of extrusion. Thermosets are irreversibly cured and designed to be molded into their final form, which means they will retain their shape and strength even when reheated.
Hygenic Extruded Natural Rubber Tubing is produced from dry natural rubber that is harvested from live trees that do not have to be cut down, which makes it a renewable resource. Therefore, natural rubber is inherently an environmentally friendly material and is biodegradable. The typical physical properties of Hygenic Natural Rubber tubing closely match those of natural rubber latex.
Our proprietary manufacturing process allows us to make tubing with no detectable levels of surface proteins. Hygenic are also experts at custom compounding and therefore can offer many different formulations to meet most unique customer requirements.
If you think our Hygenic Extruded Natural Rubber Tubing is the solution for your next application, email us for a quote*.
Q: What is the difference between natural rubber tubing and natural rubber latex tubing?
Q: What sizes of natural rubber tubing available?
We can manufacture just about any size of ID and wall combination up to 2” (51mm) outside diameter. Please call us for more details.
Q: Can you make natural rubber tubing in specific colors?
Yes, we can provide natural rubber tubing that is custom matched to your color without a huge minimum order requirement.
Q: What

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.89675
Retrieved Text: What is a NATURAL BEAUTY?!?
What is a natural beauty? We hear a lot about “natural beauty”. But what does it mean? Some of us think that natural beauty is to look like you just woke up! Some cover their laziness by saying “It’s my natural beauty” Here is an example. Let’s imagine you are a flower garden. You can be a landscaped garden or just naturally growing garden, which hopes it’s going to rain one day to water it roots.
VS Why some men are so against makeup? Because some girls by trying to look like Marilyn Monroe are going too far! That’s why I think it’s so important for women to learn how to apply makeup to highlight their natural beauty!!!
The thought of the day: “Natural beauty” – like anything else need some care and maintenance. Don’t hope that one day you wake up a beauty queen! Beauty requires everyday work!
The bottom line, your beauty is one of your best investments!
Thank you!!! I really appreciate your comment!

================



======= Instance Index 5064 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what is natural?" and the following answer choices: 
- Spruce
 - artificial sweetener
 - aging
 - wetland
 - fake purses
 - wind
 - imitation crab
 - Light

Now knowing that aging is associated with the death of cells and cell death is natural, choose the best answer.

Target Text: aging

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.531887
Retrieved Text: What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is just one of the many collections of images or photos on this website. There are approximately 55697 images that exist in our database associated with this post. This post of "what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora" was uploaded by frederick on 30-08-2018 and posted on the romishop.co website with category What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair and has been viewed some 516,015 times.
This is a image related to what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora, there are approximately 55697 background related to this what *r* the best hair products for natural curly hair photos gallery. Please see the details below and click on the title for more information..
What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is post about The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by jaime on 16 October 2018.
What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is post about What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by jonathan on 27 September 2018.
What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is pic about The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by clifford on 11 October 2018.
What *r* the best products for natural hair awesome 5 great curly is image about What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by jon

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.514898
Retrieved Text: What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is just one of the many collections of images or photos on this website. There are approximately 55697 images that exist in our database associated with this post. This post of "what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora" was uploaded by maurice on 27-09-2018 and posted on the romishop.co website with category What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair and has been viewed some 79,580 times.
This pictures of "what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora" is from the above 602x602 resolutions which is part of the What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair directory, Download this wallpapers for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
This is a image related to what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora, there are approximately 55697 post related to this what *r*

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.390367
Retrieved Text: What is the abbreviation for Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program?
A: What does INRSEP stand for?
INRSEP stands for "Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program".
A: How to abbreviate "Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program"?
"Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program" can be abbreviated as INRSEP.
A: What is the meaning of INRSEP abbreviation?
The meaning of INRSEP abbreviation is "Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program".
A: What is INRSEP abbreviation?
One of the definitions of INRSEP is "Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program".
A: What does INRSEP mean?
INRSEP as abbreviation means "Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program".
A: What is shorthand of Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program?
The most common shorthand of "Indian Natural Resources Science and Engineering Program" is INRSEP.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.2299
Retrieved Text: What Factors Affect the Price of Natural Gas?
The natural gas market is affected by four primary factors: weather, natural gas inventory, natural gas production, and what’s occurring in the market place with other fuels – primarily oil. Changing supply/demand fundamentals, unpredictable weather, the emergence of a global liquid natural gas market, and dynamic natural gas storage data have all contributed to the recent increase in natural gas volatility. The market ebbs and flows much like the stock market. Anyone of these factors can have great influence on how natural gas is priced.
What is the Public Utility Commission?
Should I Choose a Different Supplier?
What is a "rate class"?
How Long are Supplier Energy Agreements?
If I Live in a Municipality or Co-Op Can I Switch Suppliers?
How do I Choose a New Energy Supplier?
What Factors Affect the Price of Electricity?
How Can I Find Out if a Competitive Energy Supplier is Reputable?
How Long is a Contract with a Energy Supplier?
How Will I know if I'm Eligible to Switch My Competitive Energy Supplier?
Does Energy Deregulation Affect Your Service?
What Does Energy Deregulation Mean for Me?
What is a Competitive Market?
What is a Competitive Energy Supplier?
What is a Fixed Price Plan?
What is a Variable Price Plan?
What is the Difference Between a Competitive Energy Supplier and a Local Utility Company?
What is Energy Price Choice?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.195239
Retrieved Text: What is the abbreviation meaning/definition of IUCN ?
Like to add another meaning or definition of the acronym/abbreviation IUCN?
Q: What does IUCN stand for? A: IUCN stands for "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources".
Q: How to abbreviate "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources"? A: "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources" can be abbreviated as IUCN.
Q: What is the meaning of IUCN acronym? A: The meaning of IUCN acronym is "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources".
Q: What is IUCN abbreviation? A: One of the definitions of IUCN is "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources".
Q: What does IUCN mean? A: IUCN as abbreviation means "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources".
Q: What is shorthand of International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources? A: A common acronym of "International Union For Conservation Of Nature And Natural Resources" is IUCN.
The atronumerology analysis of IUCN only offers an indication of IUCN this is or how you need to push yourself to attain the better qualities of IUCN, but not who you are or detined to become when IUCN represents a person's name.
What are the meanings of the letters in the abbreviation IUCN?
Tags: What does IUCN mean? Meaning of IUCN. Did you find the meaning or definition of IUCN? Please, add a definition of IUCN if you did not find what IUCN means.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.186896
Retrieved Text: Why is your 99 Blazer sluggish on take off?
The 99 Blazer could be sluggish for several reasons. Check the airfilter fuel pressure and EGR valve for a start.
Can you stop taking thyroid medicine?
Thyroid hormone is necessary for survival. If a patient stops taking their medication, this may result in disease or even death.
What can i take for natural herbs for longer erection?
Is there a natural herb to take for a sluggish thyroid?
What is the best herb for a natural high?
Is there a danger taking thyroid medication if you don't have a thyroid problem?
Yes ... it could cause Hyper-thyroidism ... too much is not better in medical terms.
What nature herbs cures for Arthritis?
What Natural herbs get you high?
Do you take your thyroid medicine before a thyroid blood test?
Can natural herbs help get pregnant?
What if you take too much thyroid?
Is there a natural alternative for thyroid medicine?
Why do you have to take thyroid medication in the am?
\nMainly because it is best absorbed on an empty stomach (which actually means you should be taking it an hour before breakfast, not just in the morning).
What is a good natural thyroid remedy?
What elements in nature make up thyroid?
Is there a Natural herb cure for diabetes?
What Thyroid condition if you take levothyroxine?
Can you give your dog natural herbs?
Yes, but like with humans you need to be careful about allergic reactions. There are many excellent books on herbal remedies for cats, dogs and even farm animals.
Usually if you need to take thyroid medication, you will always need to take it. But the best

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.175248
Retrieved Text: Root meaning: What is in harmony with the nature of a thing or of reality. Conventional: What we find easy, effortless. What is in accord with the world of (physical) nature. ACIM: What is of God, since the true nature of everything is God's nature. Heaven, formless abstraction, is our natural state (see W-pI.161.2:1). On earth, what is truly natural are miracles. The ego, the body and the "natural" world are extremely unnatural. They are habits we taught ourselves with great difficulty over millions of years. As a result, they now seem natural, while what is truly natural seems alien and difficult. See T-16.II.3, W-pI.41.8:1-3.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.141117
Retrieved Text: What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural is a part of Protective Hairstyles For Natural Hair pictures gallery. To see this What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural in High Resolutions, right click on the image and choose "Save Image As" and then you will get this image about What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural.
This digital photography of What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural has dimension 1600 × 1200 pixels. You can see a gallery of Protective Hairstyles For Natural Hair below. Get segments interesting article about Protective Hairstyles For Natural Hair that may help you.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.109156
Retrieved Text: The idea of Natural health is amusing to me. I have heard people talking about natural health this and that, almost as if it has a universal meaning. Yet, it probably has a totally different meaning to diverse people. What is thought of as natural for one person may be totally unnatural for another. So, whose definition do we accept? Is it the definition of the aborigine, the American Indian, the Buddhist, the Christian Scientist or the Chinese?
Just what is natural health? Is it healing only by the power of God? Is it using only natural cures and preventative measures? Is it using nothing man made? Is it using only commodities that occur naturally without having to be synthesized by man? Is it only certain things that have been developed by man, and not others? If you really want to understand what natural health means, you must understand what constitutes natural and health?
When you get right down to it, can anything be more or less natural than anything else? This reminds me of people who say they will take only natural substances. Do you see the strangeness of this comment? What are natural substances? How is natural differentiated from the unnatural? Some people have told me they only drink herbal drinks but would not touch coffee. Yet, what is coffee, if not an herb? The fact that something is an herb, does not make it good or bad, but just an herb.
When you look at natural health and say, “This is the way,” you imply there

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.103632
Retrieved Text: BioGro is accredited by NATRUE to provide health and bodycare products with natural certification which meets an internationally recognised standard.
Many consumers care about not only what they put in their bodies but also what they put on their bodies. Increasingly, consumers wanting to do the right thing are taken advantage of by products marketed under the guise of being “natural” when many bear little resemblance to what a consumer would either expect or would be allowed under natural standards.
BioGro is proud to be the only Australasian organisation accredited by NATRUE to certify health and bodycare products (cosmetics) as natural. Natural certification by BioGro provides consumers with the assurance and confidence that a health and bodycare product meets internationally recognised standards. Verification of this is achieved through BioGro’s robust and independent certification process.
Ingredients must be natural but they do not have to be organic (from organic production). Natural certification and the NATRUE logo assists consumers in being able to identify genuine natural cosmetics.
At least 70% of natural* ingredients must stem from certified organic production and/or certified wild collection.
At least 95% of natural* ingredients must come from certified organic production and/or certified wild collection.
BioGro also has its own health and bodycare certification programme. Contact us to find out more.
NATRUE is an international non-profit association based in Brussels, Belgium. In 2007, several European manufacturers of Natural and Organic Cosmetics joined forces and founded NATRUE. Since then others have joined and NATRUE now represents a big part of the European Natural and Cosmetics market. NATRUE has one common goal, to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.076535
Retrieved Text: Jeremy Waldron (NYU School of Law) has posted What is Natural Law Like? The abstract follows.
“The State of Nature,” said John Locke, “has a Law of Nature to govern it, which obliges every one.” But what is “a law of nature”? How would we tell, in a state of nature, that there was a natural law as opposed to something else — like positive law, a set of customs, natural morality, natural ethics, a set of natural inclinations, the truth of certain prudential calculations, a widespread but perhaps false belief in some transcendent law, the voice of God, or just a natural disposition on the part of some pompous people to make sonorous objective-sounding pronouncements? What form should we expect natural law to take in our apprehension of it? This paper argues three things. (a) John Finnis’s work on natural law provides no answer to these questions; his “theory of natural law” is really just a theory of the necessary basis in ethics for evaluating positive law. (b) We need an answer to the question “What is natural law like” not just to evaluate the work of state-of-nature theorists like Locke, but also to explore the possibility that natural law might once have played the role now played by positive international law in regulating relations between sovereigns. And (c), an affirmative account of what natural law is like must pay attention to (1) its deontic character; (2) its enforceability; (3) the ancillary principles that have to be associated with its main normative requirements if it is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.066169
Retrieved Text: What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoo..
What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoors)..
What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoors) is a type of experiential therapy for troubled teens, and it works! Through Adventure Ther..
What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoors) is a type of experiential therapy for troubled teens, and it works! Through Adventure Therapy some teens a..
What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoors) is a type of experiential therapy for troubled teens, and..
What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoors) is a type of experiential therapy for troubled teens, and it works! Thro..
What is Adventure Therapy? Adventure therapy is one of the best forms of experiential therapy. Using real life experiences in natural environments (the great outdoors) is a type of experiential therapy for troubled ..

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.04936
Retrieved Text: A Guide to Natural Skin Care This guide serves as an overview to natural skin care and highlights key topics from acne, to organic cleansers to anti-aging treatments.
The Basics of Natural Cleansers Natural cleansers are at your finger tips today. Stop using conventional, harmful face washes and start using environmentally friendly cleansers.
An Introduction to Natural Makeup Remover In this article we highlight the common chemicals found in makeup remover and how you can swap it out for natural makeup remover alternatives.
Homemade Face Wash Recipe Find out how you can make a homemade natural skin cleanser from rosemary and mint. This versatile face wash will leave your skin naturally clean.
The Basics of Natural Face Scrub Stop using chemical filled facial scrubs and have fun making your own natural face scrub that is healthy for your skin and is environmentally friendly.
Homemade Facial Scrub Recipe Learn how to make a homemade facial scrub from tea tree oil an almond meal for a simple, natural face scrub that will leave your skin feeling rejuvenated.
An Introduction to Natural Skin Toners Skin toners can be beneficial for your face but only if they're natural, and free of toxic chemicals. Learn how to choose the right product in stores or make your own homemade alternative.
Homemade Facial Toner Recipe Learn how to make homemade, natural facial toner made from rose water with this simple recipe.
An Overview of Natural Face Masks and Facials Natural face masks and facials are easy to obtain. Learn how you can start avoiding chemical ridden facials by creating your own

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.032501
Retrieved Text: There are individuals that drop ill that go for months prior to the physicians can also start to tighten down the factors why it might be occurring and also what might be incorrect. I have a close friend that is going with this right currently, and also I am shedding confidence in western medication. Lots of that go with this end up transforming to all-natural medication as well as all all-natural remedies to combat what is troubling them.
All all-natural remedies are rather avoided by western medication, yet you can not mark down the millions that make use of these treatments with a hundred percent success. Some all-natural remedies have actually been about much longer than there have actually been health centers and also several of them function wonders when absolutely nothing else has actually assisted.
If you have a clinical problem that no one appears to be able to recognize or assist you with, you need to take into consideration looking for out all all-natural treatments for assistance. You must understand that also though there are times when all-natural medication functions where western medication will not, there are not all all-natural remedies for whatever.
You need to be cautious with all all-natural remedies if you are on any type of drugs that are suggested to you by your physician. If you are currently utilizing all all-natural remedies and also you discover you should go to a physician of western medication, make certain you allow them recognize what you are doing as well as what you are placing right

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.008369
Retrieved Text: 'Natural' and 'organic' sound like fine buzzwords for your moisturizer, but do they actually mean anything?
As Canadians continue to spend more money on beauty products every year — they spent $1.13 billion on prestige beauty in 2017 — and the demand grows for natural or eco-friendly options, “natural” labelling is outpacing more traditional ones as the most popular skincare claim.
Unfortunately, despite what a beauty product may claim on its packaging, what lies inside isn’t always as “natural” or “clean” as many consumers would hope.
He says the term “natural” is as natural as the company’s marketing plan wants it to be.
When the natural beauty trend started to take hold in the early 1990s, oftentimes companies would just re-brand a well-performing product as “natural” by making it green and adorning the bottle with images of flowers. And it worked.
To help consumers navigate the beauty aisles, which today are rife with products with natural, organic and botanical claims, Romanowski breaks down the different labels and explains what they mean.
The concept of a natural product is a subjective one based on the brand’s philosophy on what is natural.
But no matter what they use, there’s no one really regulating what they’re putting in or policing their claims.
READ MORE: How natural are ‘natural’ beauty products?
Health Canada doesn’t impose standards for natural or organic claims in personal care products, and although they’re attempting to change that, they’re being met with opposition from health product retailers and manufacturers. However, the newly approved IOS Cosmetics Standard is attempting to change that by introducing strict natural

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.008201
Retrieved Text: Labelling is confusing – how do I choose a good brand?
Organic versus natural; what is the difference?
Are chemicals really bad for my skin?
Why is natural skincare getting so popular?
What does ‘naturally derived’ and ‘nature identical’ mean?
How do I tell if a product is natural?
I would like to go natural but will I be missing out on the science?
My skin is sensitive – should I be using natural ingredients?
Are natural ingredients better for my skin?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 8.9823265
Retrieved Text: Halton Region is reviewing natural heritage system policies to preserve the natural environment and protect source water. Learn more about our review's scope.
What is the Natural Heritage System (NHS)?
Why is the Natural Heritage System in the Regional Official Plan?
What NHS policies are in the Regional Official Plan?
Why are we reviewing the Regional Official Plan?
What other Natural Heritage System policies are we reviewing?
Halton Region has natural areas such as woodlands, wetlands, streams, creeks, valleylands, and meadows which provide habitat for diverse plants and animals. The remaining natural areas in Halton are considered our heritage and the heritage of future generations. Healthy natural areas best survive when connected and linked to other natural areas.
A Natural Heritage System results when various natural areas are connected and protected for present and future generations.
Halton Region and all other municipalities in Ontario are responsible for protecting the natural environment. Preserving natural heritage is a key part of Halton’s planning vision. The Natural Heritage System provides environmental, health, economic, and cultural benefits for today and future generations.
Halton Region implements its planning vision through policies in its Regional Official Plan.
Halton Region, like all municipalities in Ontario, is required to review and update their Official Plans to be consistent with and conforming to provincial policies and plans.
The Regional Official Plan Review – Phase 1 Directions Report, 2016 (PDF file) identifies the policy themes under review.
Source protection plans contain policies that set out actions to protect a clean, safe, and sustainable water supply for all Ontario residents.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 8.9804735
Retrieved Text: What are the benefits of a single implant?
Will the implant look and feel natural?
Am I a candidate for an implant?
What is the procedure for a single implant?
What is XircOn Ultra 4-6?
What are the benefits of XircOn Ultra 4-6?
Will the XircOn 4-6 look and feel natural?
Am I a candidate for XircOn Ultra 4-6?
What is the procedure for XircOn Ultra 4-6?
Will the dental bridge look and feel natural?
Am I a candidate for a dental bridge?
What is the procedure for a dental bridge?
Will the Implant-Supported Dentures Look and Feel Natural?
What is the procedure for implant supported dentures?
What is XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?
What are the benefits of XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?
Am I a candidate for XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?
What is the procedure for XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.978381
Retrieved Text: Helping horses by helping people understand natural horse care. This includes natural hoof care, natural horsemanship, natural boarding, and a reasonably natural diet.
"Naturalizing the life of the horse is the only path leading to optimal health, happiness, and wellness."
"Naturalizing the life of the horse"? What does that mean? It simply means providing for the horse its true biological needs- as best we can.
The fact is, few of the most common and traditional horse care practices address even the most basic needs of the horse. Think about that...most common horse care practices do not even meet the horse's BASIC needs!
My website is devoted to helping horses by raising people's awareness of how to provide holistic horse care based on the research of Jaime Jackson- veteran hoof care professional, lecturer, author, researcher, and noted expert on wild and domestic horse hooves.
I've found that many people believe they totally understand what "natural horse care" or "natural hoof care" are all about- UNTIL they are introduced to the actual facts and meanings of these terms. Then they either reject the NHC paradigm, or cautiously begin to seek more information. I cater to people who are seeking more information regarding the true nature of the horse, and how to apply that information to horses in their care- whether it be building a better relationship with their horse, or how to better address their horse care practices (i.e., a reasonably natural diet, natural boarding, natural horsemanship, and natural hoof care).
By understanding and using these "Four Pillars" of Natural Horse Care (NHC), the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.975429
Retrieved Text: Essential to the proper understanding of mental illness, the question is therefore what society?s definition of normal living and normal mental health is. More to the point, what is the nature of society, what is the context within which sanity is defined? Society, after all, is not something natural but something arbitrary and human-made, whereas the workings of one?s mind are fundamentally natural as the end result of natural evolution. In other words, it appears at first glance that a natural function is being defined through contrast with and under a framework of human sociological convention.
What is meant by ?society? is society and its metaphysical context?its stereotypical conceptions and beliefs of reality that have such a great influence over the daily actions of most people. These stereotypes result from human civilization, because as environment changes from natural to artificial, one?s mode of thinking and living must obviously also shift from something natural to something conventional that fits with the environment civilization sets.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.969758
Retrieved Text: The term “natural beauty” gets thrown around often enough that many people don’t actually know what natural beauty is. Is natural beauty a way of avoiding having to enhance one’s appearance for public presentation? Does it mean that a natural beauty only uses things made from nature? Or is a natural beauty someone who can look great no matter what? To some degree or another, the answer to all of these questions is yes.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.950289
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 02:14:21 am at 04/20/2019 02:14:21 am in Why Latex Mattress.
why latex mattress blended talalay latex mattress topper spindle natural latex mattress bstock king queen spindle natural latex mattress bstock king.
top myths about all natural latex mattresses latex mattresses dont hold up, natural latex mattress topper boral atelier de matelas natural latex mattress topper, talalay latex mattresses best certified natural talalay latex natural talalay latex mattresses, talalay vs dunlop latex foam mattresses whats the real difference dunlop latex mattresses, natural latex mattress topper my organic sleep natural latex mattress topper myorganicsleep, latex for less natural latex mattress closeup of latex for less natural mattress, what is a latex mattress savvy rest what is a latex mattress, best latex mattress reviews the sleep judge now that you have a better idea of what to look for in your top rated latex mattress lets take a moment to review the primary benefits this material has , latex mattresses bedroom furniture the home depot botanical bliss split california king in mediumfirm latex mattress, latex mattress toppers mattresses and cores latex mattress factory natural latex mattress, latex mattress ace hotel shop latex mattress latex mattress .

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.946412
Retrieved Text: What is a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond or "NSP"?
How do we Clean Water Without Chemicals?
What do We Clean From the Water?
What is Maintenance Like for a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Do our Biological Filters Ever Clog or Need to Be Cleaned Out?
Do our Natural Swimming Pool/Ponds work in Really Warm Climates?
Do Our Natural Swimming Pool/Ponds Work in Really Cold Climates?
How Much Does a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond Cost to Build?
How Much Does a Custom Natural Swimming Pool/Pond Design Cost?
Can You Heat a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Can You Keep Fish in a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Do I Need a Separate Filter Pool or "Regeneration Zone"?
Are Mosquitoes a Problem in a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Will Snakes Get in a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Do Natural Swimming Pool/Ponds Use Salt to Clean the Water?
Can You Convert a Traditional Pool Into a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Can You Convert a Farm Pond into a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Yes, we can help you convert (or simply clean up) your pond! Contact us to get started!
How Big (or Small) Can a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond be?
Where Should You Put a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond in Your Yard?
What's the average Energy Cost to Run a Natural Swimming Pool/Pond?
Don't see your question answered above? Ask us your question below and we will email you back with an answer as soon as we can (please allow up to one week).
Our newly updated eBook has all you need to create your own Natural Swimming Pool or Pond! Our new edition is packed with detailed information, formulas, and over 80 illustrations, photographs, and Step-by-Step examples. Learn the concepts and design your

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.940068
Retrieved Text: … the antidiabetic properties of fenugreek here is your diabetes natural treatments herbs 7 diabetes natural treatments revealed.txt, author. ★ natural remedies for diabetes insipidus ★★ diabetes breakthrough ★ natural remedies for diabetes insipidus ★★ diabetes breakthrough revealed ::. What are considered as natural "cures" in beating diabetes? (considered as natural cures for diabetes) has a great effect on diabetics,.
Through the use of a diabetes natural treatment i was able to decrease both my blood sugar level and my 7 diabetes natural treatments revealed ezinearticles. ★ natural cures for type 1 diabetes ★★ 7 day diabetic meal plan :: natural cures for type 1 diabetes treatment diabetes one study revealed that obesity. Are natural remedies safe and effective for treating type 2 diabetes? what to consider before using natural therapies for diabetes treatment..
Eight remedies treat diabetes naturally. home. in the interview kirt tyson revealed that his diet was completely eight types of natural remedies available. The best natural diabetes treatment program revealed! try this completely natural medical proven diabetes treatment program diabetes treatment. Natural remedies for diabetic retinopathy treatment diabetes & alternative diabetes treatment ★★★ natural remedies for in europe after had been revealed how.
The best natural diabetes treatment program revealed! try this completely natural medical proven diabetes treatment program diabetes treatment. ★ natural remedies for diabetes insipidus ★★ diabetes breakthrough ★ natural remedies for diabetes insipidus ★★ diabetes breakthrough revealed ::. Are natural remedies safe and effective for treating type 2 diabetes? what to consider before using natural therapies for diabetes treatment..

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.937111
Retrieved Text: Stefano Tripney is a MovNat certificated team instructor, natural movement fitness trainer, and martial arts instructor based in Victoria, BC. Stefano creatively bridges the inner workings of the mind and body with our collective external landscapes in order to explore, learn, experience, and play with the world and our place in it. He is known for his bright energy and ability to inspire mindful execution, technical skill, physical competence and limitless creativity.
Today we’re excited to have him on the show where he’ll be sharing his take on natural movement as a cultural phenomenon, and how you can get involved and get started on your own natural movement journey.
What is happening culturally around the outdoor natural movement? What can we do about it to live more vibrantly happy?
The importance of goals on your natural movement journey.
What is the MovNat Brand, what skills are needed, and how is it taught?
What are manipulative skills vs locomotive skills?
How locomotive patterns develop throughout the human lifespan, especially during infancy.
Is there a mental capacity that is lost from lack of movement?
How taking movement out into nature can change your perspective.
The first things people generally try in order to get healthy are diets and gym memberships. Why?
What are some of the things people can start to do to stimulate the body and the mind in a fresh way?
How do you manage risk and danger levels in changing environments?
What can people do in the workplace to be more connected to their natural movement?
How the pieces of technology we’ve created, such as furniture, should be

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.929055
Retrieved Text: Natural Chinese formula supports relief from symptoms of Tinnitus.
Providing High Quality Natural Herbal Remedies, Supplements, & Vitamins Since 1910. Continuously Enhancing Our Products & Services Has Been The Key To Our Longevity.
What Is a Homeopathic Remedy for Swollen Feet?
What Are Some Tips for Natural Relief From Tinnitus?
How Do You Cure "ringing in the Ears" Naturally?
What Are Natural Treatments for Tinnitus?
What Are Some Holistic Ways to Treat Tinnitus of the Ear?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.911784
Retrieved Text: Sacramento River, originally uploaded by njhdiver.
Tornado and Lightning, originally uploaded by tlindenbaum.
What is a natural disaster? What questions do you have about natural disasters? What would you like to know about natural disasters? What do you find interesting about them? Please write three sentences.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.907088
Retrieved Text: So, What is natural skincare?
Should I avoid that chemical – is it a carcinogen?
Walking the aisles of a store, you seek products that are labeled organic and have a focus on wellness. It is fantastic to be so intentional with your shopping – that means you’re already ahead of the curve.
The trouble is – beauty product labels can be highly misleading.
Most people do not realize the truth – beauty brands can slap on labels far more easily than one would think. Yes, a lotion may have a sticker that says “all natural” but in truth…what does that really mean?
We’ll share precisely what – in a few moments.
Thankfully, there are telltale signs for how to spot what companies are delivering the best products that are actually natural – and what red flags there are to look out for.
The startling truth about federal regulations – are there ANY in the beauty industry?
First, you’ll want to know what level of regulation there is now – and what the label on that drugstore box actually means.
If we can share one nugget of information with you today, let it be this. Know that the FDA (Food and Drug Administration) barely regulates any companies in the beauty space.
That is a frightening amount of trust to put into brands.
Brands, especially big, well-established companies, may take advantage of this FDA laxity. And truth be told, there are brands who DO take advantage of it.
Companies do not have to register their beauty formulas with the FDA…it’s voluntary.
This information makes us question what’s in our medicine

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.899842
Retrieved Text: Hygenic Extruded Natural Rubber Tubing - The Hygenic Corp.
Hygenic® Extruded Natural Rubber Tubing is a thermoset developed from dry natural rubber. Dry natural rubber can be compounded for a variety of uses with various processing aides and curatives before it is manufactured by means of extrusion. Thermosets are irreversibly cured and designed to be molded into their final form, which means they will retain their shape and strength even when reheated.
Hygenic Extruded Natural Rubber Tubing is produced from dry natural rubber that is harvested from live trees that do not have to be cut down, which makes it a renewable resource. Therefore, natural rubber is inherently an environmentally friendly material and is biodegradable. The typical physical properties of Hygenic Natural Rubber tubing closely match those of natural rubber latex.
Our proprietary manufacturing process allows us to make tubing with no detectable levels of surface proteins. Hygenic are also experts at custom compounding and therefore can offer many different formulations to meet most unique customer requirements.
If you think our Hygenic Extruded Natural Rubber Tubing is the solution for your next application, email us for a quote*.
Q: What is the difference between natural rubber tubing and natural rubber latex tubing?
Q: What sizes of natural rubber tubing available?
We can manufacture just about any size of ID and wall combination up to 2” (51mm) outside diameter. Please call us for more details.
Q: Can you make natural rubber tubing in specific colors?
Yes, we can provide natural rubber tubing that is custom matched to your color without a huge minimum order requirement.
Q: What

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.89675
Retrieved Text: What is a NATURAL BEAUTY?!?
What is a natural beauty? We hear a lot about “natural beauty”. But what does it mean? Some of us think that natural beauty is to look like you just woke up! Some cover their laziness by saying “It’s my natural beauty” Here is an example. Let’s imagine you are a flower garden. You can be a landscaped garden or just naturally growing garden, which hopes it’s going to rain one day to water it roots.
VS Why some men are so against makeup? Because some girls by trying to look like Marilyn Monroe are going too far! That’s why I think it’s so important for women to learn how to apply makeup to highlight their natural beauty!!!
The thought of the day: “Natural beauty” – like anything else need some care and maintenance. Don’t hope that one day you wake up a beauty queen! Beauty requires everyday work!
The bottom line, your beauty is one of your best investments!
Thank you!!! I really appreciate your comment!

================



======= Instance Index 2365 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what are social?" and the following answer choices: 
- mammals
 - termites
 - bees
 - ducks
 - humans
 - animals
 - fur seals
 - elephants

Now knowing that insects may live in large colonies and have complex social behaviors and all termites are social insects, choose the best answer.

Target Text: termites

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.586256
Retrieved Text: Do I Need a Masters in Anthropology to Get a Management Position?
What are the Best Careers for Social Scientists for 2014?
What Careers Are Available With a Degree in Linguistics?
What Careers are Available with a Degree in Social Psychology?
What Careers are Available with an Archaeology Degree?
What Criminal Justice Jobs Require a Master’s Degree?
What Degree is Needed to Work on a Political Campaign?
What Does a Museum Curator Do?
What Does a Research Analyst Do?
What Does a Survey Researcher Do?
What is “Aging Studies” in Social Science?
What is a Forensic Examiner?
What Is a Good Masters Program To Complement My Social Science Degree?
What Is A Good Minor To Complement A Sociology Major?
What is a Good Minor to Complement my Social Science Degree?
What is a Government Affairs Director?
What is a Legislative Affairs Manager?
What is a Research Psychologist?
What is a Social Psychologist?
What is a Social Science degree?
What is a Strategy Manager?
What is an Analytics Manager?
What Is The Typical Salary For Someone With a Social Science Degree?
What Jobs Are Available For Someone With An Economics Degree?
What Jobs Are Available With a History Degree?
What Jobs are Available with a Master’s in Political Science?
What Jobs are Available with a Sociology Degree?
What Jobs Can Be Found in Immigration Services?
What Jobs Can I Get With a Political Science Degree?
What Type of Job Can I Get With a Social Science Degree?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.483218
Retrieved Text: Are you an active participant in social network sites? Do you want to set up career in social media marketing? Then our site wisdom job is the right choice for you to get prepared for the interview. Social media marketing is a type of internet marketing that avail social networking websites as marketing tool. The main aim of social media marketing is to increase the company’s brand and to reach out easily to the customer. As various companies are looking forward to social media sites for their product campaigning and this media plays an effective role in promoting business, job positions are available in the market. So, please start your preparation by social media job interview questions and answers offered by our site wisdom jobs and attend the interview.
Question 1. Can Social Media Marketing Really Help My Business?
Question 2. What Are The Benefits Of Social Media Marketing For My Company?
Question 3. How Should Companies Measure Their Social Media Marketing Success?
Question 4. How Much Does Social Media Marketing Cost? What’s The Roi?
Question 5. Does My Company Really Need A Blog For Social Media Marketing?
Yes! A blog is one of those non-negotiables. Apart from all of the benefits it provides on its own, such as increasing your credibility as an industry expert, and providing fresh, keyword-rich content on a regular basis to please the search engines, a blog is a vital component of social media marketing. One of the most effective types of content to post on social media is a link to a blog post. Without fresh

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.429087
Retrieved Text: There is a ___ of normal for each developmental milestone in child development.
True ___ (loss of previously acquired skill) always requires careful evaluation.
What are several developmental red flags?
What are several developmental red flags for autism?
For children at high risk for developmental issues, what is done?
Referred to early intervention program, referred for medical diagnosis, schedule follow-up to monitor progress.
What are the gross motor, fine motor, social skills, and language milestones for a 4-month old?
What are the gross motor, fine motor, social skills, and language milestones for a 6-month old?
What are the gross motor, fine motor, social skills, and language milestones for a 9-month old?
What are the gross motor, fine motor, social skills, and language milestones for a 12-month old?
What are the gross motor, fine motor, social skills, and language milestones for an 18-month old?
What are the gross motor, fine motor, social skills, and language milestones for a 24-month old?
What are the gross motor, fine motor, social skills, and language milestones for a 3 year old?
What are the gross motor, fine motor, social skills, and language milestones for a 4 year old?
What are the gross motor, fine motor, social skills, and language milestones for a 5 year old?
What are the age guidelines for children ages 1-4?
What are the 4 Piagetan stages?
What happens in the sensorimotor stage?
Infants and toddlers use newfound skills and motor abilities to explore their environment in order to build new skills.
What happens in the preoperational stage?
The child has an egocentric view, can use symbols, but cannot use logical processes to arrive at conclusions.
What happens in

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.426741
Retrieved Text: Is my doctor’s opinion important in proving my Social Security disability case?
How can I improve my chances of winning my Social Security disability hearing?
Why does Social Security turn down so many claims?
What is the list of impairments that Social Security considers disabling?
What are the different ways to file an appeal for Social Security disability?
What are the different ways to apply for Social Security disability benefits?
Do I have to wait until my sick leave is exhausted before I apply for Social Security disability benefits?
Why is the application date of my claim important?
What is “SSI,” supplemental security income?
What is “SSDI,” an application for Social Security disability insurance benefits?
What should I do if my Social Security claim is denied?
Why should a vocational expert be at my Social Security hearing?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.366205
Retrieved Text: What is social media and how do you use it? What do you need to get the most out of social media? To start using social media effectively, you may need to revisit the basics. What are the common definitions of social media, and who is using it? For what purposes? What are the top networks? How does one set up a social media strategy? What are the keys to building a good presence online? How can you identify your audience in order to target it?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.343281
Retrieved Text: Hello Dear, Please Tell Me What are runtime exceptions ?
how to calculate link velocity...?
Hello friends, how to calculate link velocity..?
Hello friends, What are SEO backlinks?
Social Bookmarking links are do follow or no follow links?
Hello, Social Bookmarking links are do follow or no follow links?
What is the importance of content in SEO?
Hello, What is the importance of content in SEO?
What is Blog Posting ?
Hello, What is Blog Posting ?
What is Social Media Engagement ?
Hello, What is Social Media Engagement ?
Hello, What is Social Bookmarking in SEO?
What is inorganic traffic in SEO?
Hello, What is inorganic traffic in SEO?
What is the keyword in seo?
Hello, Please reply this. What is the keyword in seo?
What is meta tag in seo?
Hello, What is meta tag in seo?
What is back linking in seo?
Hello, Please answer my question. What is back linking in seo?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.343086
Retrieved Text: Why do we study non-human animals?
Our lab is broadly interested in human sociality, and especially in social accountability. We explore what makes human sociality unique and sustainable by studying the evolutionary development of social accountability. Studying non-human animals, especially great-apes (out closest relatives), offers us a way to determine which socio-cognitive skills are uniquely human, and to what degree there is continuity between our abilities and those of our closest relatives.
-How does social attention develop in non-human primates, and what are similarities to the development in humans?
-How do non-human primates develop an understanding of sequential structure and timing in social interaction?
-How is social action enacted and recognized in different species?
-What aspects of ontogenetic development are specifically human?
-Is there a continuity of social and communicative behavior between humans and other species?
-What facilitates and limits cooperation of conspecifics and social groups?
-What role does group membership play in potential competition and collaboration with other conspecifics?
-What are possible evolutionary origins of concepts like property, value, and justice?
Why do we study undergraduates?
Our lab is broadly interested in human sociality, and especially in social accountability. We explore what makes human sociality unique and sustainable cognitively, emotionally, and behaviorally across ages and cultures.
We partner with UCSD’s SONA, which handles many different experiments throughout the Cognitive Science and Psychology Departments. To sign up and assign class credit, please visit this link.
-Do different cultures assign different meanings to similar behaviors?
-How much of the human behavioral repertoire of social interaction is fundamentally universal?
-To what degree are fundamental social behaviors group specific, socially trained, or cross culturally

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.328717
Retrieved Text: Tyler, a 13-year-old gives a boy in his grade a compliment about his clothing. The boy becomes verbally aggressive towards Tyler because he feels embarrassed.
What’s the problem with these scenarios?
This is not how boys communicate with each other, yet this is what boys are being taught in social skills groups.
most social skills instruction is teaching scripted, socially appropriate behaviors or uses behavior modification to elicit socially acceptance responses. There is no emphasis on teaching relatability to similar-age peers.
Social Thinking® terminology and characters are being taught without teaching foundational Social Thinking concepts.
kids are grouped together by age, regardless of their social learning needs or cognitive ability.
there are no standards or criteria for what qualifies someone to teach social skills. Anyone can run a social skills group.
parents don’t know what questions to ask social skills providers.
many boys and young men I’ve worked with attended social skills group, often for years where they were taught to initiate conversation and communicate in ways that were not organic to the way boys/young men communicate with each other.
they were taught how to sound appropriate engaging in conversations with adults however they sound awkward and unrelatable to their similar-age male peers.
I found that no boys were ever taught what being relatable to their similar-age peers looks like.
the realization that the vast majority of people who teach social skills to boys and young men are women who understandably never experienced being part of a male peer group.
be able to discern between well-intentioned teasing and actual bullying.
Being relatable is what helps others feel comfortable around

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.32435
Retrieved Text: Ticket for the workshop portion on both days.
"Social" is revolutionizing all aspects of life, from our personal communications to how work is accomplished in an organization. Social business can transform the enterprise: enterprises are increasingly applying social tools to become more efficient and gain a competitive advantage, and soon these tools will reach deep into an enterprise's architecture. The demand for interoperable social standards is growing, yet the landscape of specifications is fragmented, making it difficult to create new software that serves the needs of both users and organizations. At the same time, specifications like the Open Graph Protocol are gaining widespread traction.
What use-cases and requirements are driving social business?
What technologies can be standardized to solve the problems facing social business?
What is the overall architecture of social business?
What is the difference between standards inside the enterprise and across enterprises?
What approaches are organically emerging as best practices in areas without standardization such as user engagement?
What are the next steps for social specifications, ranging from OpenSocial to the Federated Social Web (Open Graph Protocol, ActivityStreams, PubSubHubbub, PortableContacts, Salmon Protocol)?
The OpenSocial Foundation and W3C believe that now is the time to make progress on the standards in this space. These standards will enable the transformation of today’s enterprises to tomorrow’s cross-enterprise social businesses and to create a whole new round of innovation across the Web.
The mission of the OpenSocial Foundation is to advance social software and the social Web; to make social software better by producing leading specifications, and working externally with other groups, influencing the way software is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.323374
Retrieved Text: Social Buzzing offer cost effective social media marketing management services to all companies, small or large. Various price packages available to suit all businesses.
I would not have any problem recommending Social Buzzing what so ever! I've been using their service just over a year now and my social media accounts have grown month on month.
Social Buzzing are amazing at what they do! My social media has improved massively! The content they produce is always unique and creative! Exactly what I wanted! They always listen to what I want from my social media and provide amazing results!
I have used social buzzing for two years now and I am really impressed with how they have been able to improve my Instagram engagement and following. The staff are great and are so open and really make sure that you are happy with their work. I am really impressed.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.3130665
Retrieved Text: "Social media is integral, and I think brands must tap into consumers’ everyday lives."
Social media has become an integral part of any communications strategy, a sort of foregone conclusion in 2018. Mia Parsbæk Pedersen, head of Social at Havas Denmark, breaks down what brands are getting right—and what they’re getting wrong.
Tell us a little bit about what you do at Havas.
I go by the nickname SoMia, which is pretty self-explanatory: My name is Mia, and I do social media. Aside from knowing a thing or two about social media, my primary task as Head of Socialyse in Denmark is to make sure my team has all the resources and the best possible environment that they need to perform and succeed. Together with my team, I help clients get the most out of social media—and it doesn’t matter what stage they are at.
When did you first realize that social media was a thing?
Looking back at my first experiences with social media is both funny and horribly awkward. The statements and messages you’d post and publish back then—let’s just say that they’re a bit cringeworthy now. I’m sure I’d never relate any of those activities to actual work.
Describe the aha moment that made you want to delve into social media as a profession.
Don’t tell my boss, but once I actually stated: “I’m never gonna work professionally with social media.” But somehow, I ended up putting social media at the center of my studies and later, my work life. Social media is integral, and I think brands must tap

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.312176
Retrieved Text: If you are interested in seeing what jobs are available for social workers, click on the link to read more about what it is like to work as a locum social worker.
Once you have set up an account with us, you will have access to all jobs available jobs for consultant social workers. You log in to our website and there you can search for available jobs for social workers during the hours and times that suit you. You can search for jobs that are open for single weeks or for longer periods. Our database is updated on an hourly basis and always contains hundreds of jobs for social workers.
If you are interested in seeing what jobs are available for social workers, click on the link to read more about what it is like to work as a consultant social worker.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.283447
Retrieved Text: At Inlight, we believe that social media is a critical part of most business strategies and if used in the right way can be a key contributor to the overall success of your business. However, it seems that there is still some resistance out there when you talk to CEO’s and upper management about social media. Social media is often viewed as a distraction rather than an opportunity, and many CEO’s can’t make the connection between social media and business results. This is where you come in. As a social media evangelist or marketer, it’s your job to convince the CEO that social media is critical to his or her business. You need to break it down, simplify it, and unlock the value in social media and lay out for all to see. Here’s our practical advice to help make that job a little easier and get your CEO across the line when it comes to social media.
Have a clear and concise social media strategy in place that is aligned with your marketing or business strategy.
Having a clear strategy is critical to achieving social media success and your CEO and management team will feel much more comfortable if this is well defined and relates closely to the business strategy.
Start by providing the key learning’s from your listening tools. What is being said about your brand? Where are the conversations taking place? What are the key themes? Take this information and use it to inform your strategy and show your stakeholders what is already happening in the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.265615
Retrieved Text: Think Inbound. Identify your potential chiropractic patients. Everyone is not your patient. Attract the right leads.
Do you own a wellness clinic? If yes, your most important priority is to facilitate patient care, one adjustment at a time. Your goals may vary from patient acquisition to patient retention. Taking a balanced approach will help you grow your chiropractic practice.
What actionable steps are you taking to reach the people in your local community? Are you leveraging social media to raise more awareness and generate leads?
Do you want to grow your social media presence the right way? Are you too busy to manage several social networking sites? Do you want to optimize your social media accounts?
Do you want to drive quality engagement with social media? Not sure what type of content aligns with your audience? Do you feel stuck generating quality leads?
Great. You’ve come to the right place.
I focus on creating an effective Inbound and a Social Media Strategy to grow your local practice.
What is a social media audit? Why should you care? Your social media audit starts with five questions to a) find out whether or not you’re spending time in the right platform; b) figure out next steps to make the most out of the time you spend on social media.
Are you a chiropractor? Do you want to build a local business social media strategy? 1) Get clear about your goal; 2) Decide what and how to measure; 3) Dive into the Analytics; 4) Develop social and online processes that support your goal.
What is a content strategy?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.257926
Retrieved Text: Many content marketers have held off on social video, fearing they lack the budget to make it work. This week, #ContentChat was joined by Jeff Higgins (@ItsJeffHiggins) who shared his tips for getting started with Facebook Live and social video without breaking the bank.
Q1: What is social video and why should it be part of your content strategy?
It adds a new dimension to your brand.
Q2: Facebook Live is getting lots of press. What makes it different from other social video platforms?
Q3: What are the key ingredients for creating compelling Facebook Live content?
Q5: What is the biggest misconception about social video?
Q6: What other social video channels should content marketers consider pursuing?
Q7: What are the biggest mistakes brands and content creators make when getting started with social video?
A7 Again – over thinking & over complicating.
Q8: What tools and resources do you recommend for content marketers getting started with social video?
A8) Stop talking about it, pick up your phone, throw in your favorite earbuds and be real.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.252632
Retrieved Text: That’s a broad definition — but it means is that a conversion for one website/business owner may not be considered a conversion for another. Conversions are unique to each website and each marketing activity.
Of course they do. That fact doesn’t mean that each marketing activity and or platform where great marketing occurs is the point of the conversion (furthermore it isn’t always the first touch — the conversion typically happens at the last touch).
With that said, setting expectations is key when pitching a marketing campaign. For example, if a business owner balks at social media marketing in your proposal, it’s key that you educate that business owner as to the fact that there are many touch points in a customer journey — and, brand awareness is important to the conversion process — even if that conversion happens later, from a different source of traffic.
What is Social Media Marketing & What Are Some Basic Strategies?
And, social media, while it isn’t always the conversion machine, it lends a strong hand to the conversion process — as people in the customer journey will often use a social media presence during their ‘evaluation’ period of the journey from interest to customer.
And beyond simply setting that expectation, it’s key to have a solid understanding of social and social media marketing as you are explaining and pitching to a client.
So when you think about your social media marketing strategy, it is important to think broader and keep this list in mind.
What do you want to gain from a social media plan?
What does

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.250021
Retrieved Text: Professor Carol Tosone, Professor and Director, DSW Program in Clinical Social Work Editor-in-Chief, Clinical Social Work Journal New York University Silver School of Social Work in the USA and I are co-editing a volume on international social work for Rutledge Press.
The proposed book, International Encyclopedia of Clinical Social Work, will examine the state of clinical social work throughout the globe. The emphasis will be on understanding the nature of clinical social work as it is interpreted and practiced in each region of the world. Sections about clinical social work in each region will include the following topics: 1) What is the definition of clinical social work? 2) What are the contemporary theories that clinical social workers employ in their practice? 3) How does one conduct research on clinical social work? Are the practice models based on research?4) How are clinical social workers trained? Are there specific laws and policies related to clinical social work licensure and training? 5) What modalities constitute clinical social work practice: individual, couples, family, group, and/or community? 5) Major areas and special populations of clinical social work practice: a) trauma, b) addictions, c) children and adolescents, d) older adults, e) mental health. 6) Case examples/illustrations of specialty areas of clinical social work practice. and 7) Future directions and challenges pertaining to clinical social work.
We invite interested social work academics, authors, clinicians, and researchers to contribute to this groundbreaking and comprehensive volume based on your professional experience and that of your students. If interested, please submit an abstract indicating what region and topic

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.246244
Retrieved Text: What’s Social Listening, And Are There Free Tools To Help You Do It?
I’m writing this particular post in response to a question: What free social listening tool can you recommend?
Social listening. Interesting term. What is it exactly?
Wait– there’s another term: social monitoring. Are they the same thing?
Social monitoring is identifying and responding to individual brand mentions on social media.
Social listening, on the other hand, is collecting data from those social mentions and broader customer conversations, and pulling insights from them so you can make better decisions for your customers.
If you’re not engaged in social media listening, you’re creating your business strategy with blinders on.
You’re missing out on mountains of actionable insights from real people who are actively talking about you or your industry online.
If you have a target audience, it pays to know what they’re talking about. What they’re struggling with. What they expect from you and your competitors.
Not the sort of thing any brand can afford to ignore. Because it could easily go viral. The brand needs to respond immediately and make things right.
But you’re not just listening for negative things. Social monitoring helps you figure out what content to create. How? By looking for trends and “pain points.” If a prospect is having a problem, create content that addresses that problem.
Social listening also helps you learn your prospects’ language– what keywords and phrases they use. Then, by speaking their language, you enhance your credibility.
So how does it work exactly? How do you listen in on social conversations? How do you find out if someone

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.243921
Retrieved Text: Key Fund Investments supports businesses with grants and loans to become more sustainable. CEO Matt Smith tells BQ about his business.
What does your social enterprise do?
We are a social investor, we provide grant and loan packages to organisations that can’t access finance from traditional means.
What made you start your business up?
We identified that there was a need for this kind of capital to help organisations become more sustainable.
How do you measure your impact?
We measure impact in a number of ways, the traditional jobs created/safeguarded, new business and businesses sustained. In addition, we pull together social impact measurements around health, wellbeing, access to services, training, education to name just a few of these.
What help did you have to start your social enterprise?
We received investment from the European Reginal Development Fund.
How did you decide on what legal form would work best for your business?
Our legal form represents our ethos. As a company limited by guarantee we firstly have a clear social aim written into our governing document, and secondly we do not distribute profits; instead, we reinvest to achieve our social aim.
What’s the best thing about being a social entrepreneur?
The satisfaction of knowing you are helping other organisations deliver impact, this is what drives us as an organisation.
What has been your biggest challenge when setting up and running your social enterprise?
It is always balancing our social aims against the financial realities – we have to keep a constant balance between the two.
What advice would you give to aspiring social entrepreneurs?
Be really clear about what you want to do,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.243035
Retrieved Text: John P. Girard, "Social Knowledge: Using Social Media to Know What You Know"
For the past two decades, executives have struggled to develop effective ways of sharing what their organizations know. Organizational leaders are now seeking ways to share knowledge with both internal and external stakeholders driven by concerns such as downsizing, the impending retirement of baby boomers, terrorism, and a host of other organizational challenges.
Social Knowledge: Using Social Media to Know What You Know aims to provide relevant theoretical frameworks, latest empirical research findings, and practitioners best practices in the area. The book is multidisciplinary in nature and considers a wide range of topics, each of which is related to social knowledge. It is written for professionals who want to improve their understanding of the strategic role of social knowledge in business, government, or non-profit sectors.
Social Knowledge Using Social Media to Know What You Know rapidshare mediafire megaupload hotfile download, Social Knowledge Using Social Media to Know What You Know torrent emule download, Social Knowledge Using Social Media to Know What You Know full free download, Social Knowledge Using Social Media to Know What You Know rar zip password or anything related.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.236322
Retrieved Text: Marketing in the modern world has changed dramatically with the innovation of Facebook and other social media platforms. Marketers have had to change their tactics to keep up and have had to use the social media platforms and the information they provide on audiences to do so. This information is known as “social data”. But what exactly is social data and why do you need it?
Social media data, or social data, consists of the the raw insights and information collected from clients’ social media profiles and social interactions. It tracks how customers engage with your content on platforms such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. This data is a collection of numbers, statistics and percentages to help you ascertain the performance of a specific social media post.
The social data that is collected from social media platforms includes shares, likes, conversions, comments, mentions, impressions and most importantly, clicks. The metadata of clicks is vital for understanding more about what leads are interested in.
Analysing this data will allow you to discover what your target audience truly enjoys and which social media posts they are more likely to be interested in seeing more of. You may find that some social media ads perform better than others, allowing you to change your marketing strategy for the better.
Now that you understand what social data is, you are more than likely curious about how it works. Social data is collected using the tools of the social media platform, with Facebook offering their own Analytics program as well as Twitter. This data is collected

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.233256
Retrieved Text: Should the records collected previously be deleted if they are also deleted by their creator?
What are efficient data structures for storage and subsequent retrieval of such multidimensional datasets?
How do we preserve social media data that spans time, space, formats and platforms?
What are effective metadata schemas to represent social media data?
What are the main strategies and ethical considerations when preserving social media data?
Can and for how long social media data be stored outside social media platforms?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.223637
Retrieved Text: HomeBlogBlogIndustry NewsWhat Is Impact Investing?
With everyone including your financial advisor Sunshine Coast talking about how Social Entrepreneurship and Impact Investing are becoming mainstream, many people are often left wondering what trends and challenges are associated with this movement. Many people don’t really know what impact investing actually is. Where going to dive into what Social Finance is, new models, more impact as well as the different strategies.
What is Impact Investing exactly?
It’s an investment made into businesses which operate using a business model that somehow benefits a social cause. For example, TOMS Shoes is a great example of a Social Entrepreneurship model because they have a program called “One for One”. For every pair of shoes purchased, one pair of shoes is given to a person in need. When someone chooses to invest in a company like TOMS, they become an Impact Investor.
Why has Impact Investing become so popular?
One of the major reasons that people are choosing to invest in Social Entrepreneurship companies and businesses boils down to the fact that people are no longer happy with handing over money and wealth to foundations alone. Another possible reason is that there are so many social causes to support and many of us want to help, but often don’t know how so we are happy to spend money on the things we need and want while supporting meaningful causes.
How Popular Is Social Entrepreneurship and Impact Investing?
The excitement around Social Entrepreneurship has brought in investment sizes totaling approximately US $4.5 trillion per annum. The more international investments that are

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.223295
Retrieved Text: Have you been reading about the latest business trend – the Social Purpose Business?
More and more, it is appearing in business literature, is being promoted by leading investors, and is being adopted by leading companies. But what exactly is a social purpose and how does a company get one?
Join us to learn more about social purpose at our Purpose Platform on March 5th!
Attend a leading-edge evening of networking and a panel discussion with four Social Purpose Business Leaders to learn more about how and why companies are transitioning to become social purpose businesses.
The panel will be moderated by Coro Strandberg, Social Purpose Expert, Award-winner, and Advisor to the United Way Social Purpose Business Initiative.
• How did your organization develop its Social Purpose, what steps did you take internally?
• How do you implement your Social Purpose? What are steps one, two and three?
• How do you engage all your employee on Social Purpose? How do you build buy-in across the organization?
• Is your Social Purpose a lens in decision-making and innovation? If so, how is it applied?
• What are the business benefits of pursuing a Social Purpose?
The United Way defines a Social Purpose Business as one that has at its core, a social ambition, a higher purpose, creating social benefits by the very act of conducting business. Its growth is a positive force in society. As the company prospers, its stakeholders and the communities in which it operates prosper too.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.223236
Retrieved Text: A corporate social investment questionnaire is a document which is usually in the form of a survey. It is composed in order to gather the views of a wide cross-section of a company’s staff and workers regarding the manner in which corporate social responsibility can be channeled into economic freedom. In other words, the fields of corporate social responsibility and investment are merged in such a scheme and the questionnaire tests the reactions of the people concerned or directly or indirectly involved to this merging. Therefore, it has to present intelligent and sincere questions which can extract informative answers and viewpoints.
This is a survey form which aims at finding out how corporate social responsibility can be given the garb of investment. Please fill in the questionnaire. All the questions are mandatory.
What does corporate social responsibility mean to you? How do you propose to include corporate social responsibility into an investment plan?
In which category or part of the company do you belong to?
What are the ways in which corporate social responsibility can be translated into an economic dimension?
What are the ways in which corporate social responsibility can be increased through investment?
Lastly, what are your views on the employees gaining from the merging of investment opportunities and corporate social responsibility?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.21923
Retrieved Text: According to Idealware, 34% of the nonprofits they surveyed were using social media simply because they were aware of other organizations’ use of social media. Other reasons for utilizing social media include enhancing an organization’s relationships with current supporters and cultivating new supporters. Surprisingly, raising money did not rank highly as a reason for using social media.
What organizational resources are devoted to social media?
On average, organizations are devoting 25-50% of one full-time staff member’s time to social media. About four hours or less are dedicated to social media by over 50% of nonprofits. Social media is largely used as a part of organizations’ broader marketing strategies. The majority of nonprofits, 59%, did not allocate any money in their budgets specifically for social media. The larger a nonprofit is the more staff time and/or money is generally dedicated to social media.
What social media tools are most commonly used by nonprofits?
Approximately 90% of nonprofits are using at least one social media tool, with Facebook, Twitter and YouTube being the most popular. 26% of nonprofits update two social media channels and 24% update only one. Usage of MySpace, once very popular, continued to drop. Interesting, slightly over a fifth of nonprofits manage their own in-house social network.
What barriers are limiting use of social media?
Staffing, finances, unfamiliarity with social media, unfamiliarity with means of measuring return on investment and resistance from upper management and/or board are some of the oft cited reasons for not fully investing in social media.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.217529
Retrieved Text: After School is teaming up with partner #ICANHELP (icanhelpdeletenegativity.org) to launch a live Twitter chat (#teensandsocial) on April 3 at 6 PM Central, 4 PM Pacific. Teens, social media companies, parents, teachers, and subject matter experts are all invited and encouraged to participate.
The idea started with a set of questions that were sent to #ICANHELP’s teen interns. The internship program assists students in bringing digital citizenship and online kindness to their networks and schools.
What is the biggest problem you face in regards to social media?
What do companies need to improve with social media and why?
How can teens be better digital citizens?
What do you do to keep things positive online?
What are things about social media your parents don’t know about?
How do you feel about anonymous social networks and why? Are there benefits to being anonymous?
How do you manage the time you spend online?
“We were impressed but not surprised by the teen’s thoughtful responses about how they both manage their time spent on social media and also use social media to spread kindness,” says After School Vice President Jeff Collins. The students’ responses inspired the questions that will be asked during the live Twitter chat on April 3. Their responses will also be featured in a series of blog posts on the After School blog.
Question 1: How should a social media user approach responding to a rude or mean post?
Question 2: What should parents know about their teen’s social media use? In what areas should they stay out of?
Question 3: How can parents stay up to date with

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.217069
Retrieved Text: Selected as a winning team in partnership with ARUP to work on the HUD funded New York Rising Community Reconstruction Program, as part of New York State’s post-Sandy rebuilding efforts. HealthxDesign will promote social resilient design strategies that foster improved health and social outcomes for vulnerable populations in five focus Long Island communities (Baldwin, Freeport, Bellmore/Merrick, Seaford/Wantagh, and the Massapequas).
What are persistent unmet health and social needs, post-sandy?
What are opportunities for promoting health and social service recovery and resilience?
What are non-service, but design-specific opportunities for advancing health and social resilience?
What are the health and social co-benefits of proposed infrastructure, housing, and economic development projects?
How can we repurpose the special analysis tools used by architects for observational analysis in Public Health?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.213026
Retrieved Text: ACCOUNT BASED MARKETING: A HYPE OR THE LEAD GENERATOR IN 2017?
Appointment TV: Saved by social?
ARE YOU “CHANNELING” YOUR PARTNERS’ EFFORTS EFFECTIVELY?
ARE YOU A DOG CAPABLE OF LEARNING NEW TRICKS?
BRAND PURPOSE – ARE YOU IN OR OUT?
CAN AN INTERNSHIP IN PR CHANGE YOUR LIFE?
CAN IMAGES PREDICT THE NEXT US PRESIDENT?
Could Competition from China’s Greater Bay Area Help Silicon Valley Innovate?
CRISIS MANAGEMENT: HOW PREPARED ARE YOU, REALLY?
GDPR – A NEW REPUTATIONAL CYBER THRILLER IN THE MAKING?
Headless CMS – What’s that all about?
HOW BIG WILL VIRTUAL REALITY BE IN THE PR WORLD?
How effective is your global campaign management?
HOW EFFECTIVE IS YOUR HOME PAGE?
HOW SHOULD BRANDS ENGAGE WITH CONSUMERS DURING THE WORLD CUP?
HOW WILL BRAND AND SALES ALIGNMENT CHANGE IN 2018?
INFOGRAPHIC – WHAT IS VIRTUAL REALITY?
Is Apple’s Communication Strategy the Real Bug?
IS THERE A UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE OF IMAGES?
IT SOUNDS LIKE AN ODD IDEA, OR IS IT?
NEWS: LEWIS GRADUATE ACADEMY APPLICATIONS NOW OPEN!
THIS WEEK IN SOCIAL – NO MORE CLICKBAIT?
THIS WEEK IN SOCIAL: Fanatic about followers? Not anymore!
THIS WEEK IN SOCIAL: API OH MY!
THIS WEEK IN SOCIAL: Connected Consciousness- Sink or Swim?
THIS WEEK IN SOCIAL: Do you dare to share?
THIS WEEK IN SOCIAL: End to the Lush life?
THIS WEEK IN SOCIAL: HOW DO LIKES AFFECT FACEBOOK REACH?
THIS WEEK IN SOCIAL: KFC – Don’t be a ‘chicken’ with marketing!
THIS WEEK IN SOCIAL: New regulations mean end to Instagram influencer marketing?
THIS WEEK IN SOCIAL: THE END OF AN ER@?
THIS WEEK IN SOCIAL: VIDEO KILLED THE INSTA STAR?
THIS WEEK IN SOCIAL: WHAT DOES ARTICLE 13 MEME?
THIS WEEK IN SOCIAL: WHAT’S IT WORTH?
THIS WEEK IN

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.20468
Retrieved Text: What is Social Security looking for regarding my claim?
What are the eligibility requirements for applying for Social Security Disability benefits?
Can I work and still receive Social Security Disability benefits?
Are there other Social Security Disability benefits available in addition to the cash assistance?
How do I contact the Social Security Administration?
How much does it cost to hire Andalman & Flynn to handle my Social Security Disability claim?
How long does the Social Security Disability claim process take?
Why should I hire Andalman & Flynn to handle my Social Security Disability claim?
If my claim is successful, how much will my benefit be?
What can I do to help my Social Security Disability claim and increase my chances of success?

================



======= Instance Index 6323 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is critical?" and the following answer choices: 
- Balance
 - oxygen
 - recovery
 - Electrical
 - heat
 - sun's heat
 - stay warm
 - stamina

Now knowing that balance is the ability to sense and maintain body position and body position is critical, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Balance

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.562449
Retrieved Text: practical reasoning that encompasses that result from logical thinking.
than one that only thinks about personal survival.
car blinker to turn left or right or counting change for the toll way.
a decision about global warming.
those terms on a constant basis.
on what you’ve learned is the best example of critical thinking.
need to make a decision or solve a problem.
circumstance that arise in your daily life.
that are presented at almost every waking moment of every day.
truly competent and intelligent human being.
alternatives to problems and situations that come about in your life.
one that you can believe.
the correct decision and one that isn’t based on emotional reaction.
Click Here To Listen To Our Critical Thinking Audio Course.
Personal Development And Entrepreneur Training – What Is Critical Thinking?
Author TLC AdminPosted on August 10, 2017 August 12, 2017 Categories Critical ThinkingTags critical thinker, critical thinking, critical thinking skills, what is critical thinking skills, what is critical thinking?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.533087
Retrieved Text: Critical thinking mpu 1, 2007.
The Critical Thinking Community. presentation given as an introductory session to teachers on a model of critical thinking. Here is a collection of materials I used when 5th grade essay structure a college-level course on Critical Thinking. Critical thinking is the intellectually disciplined research paper topics on greek gods of creative writing phd ireland and skillfully conceptualizing, applying, analyzing, synthesizing. Critical Thinking, Exams for Communication and Presentation Skills. Critical Thinking Questions. Critical Thinking Questions. Oct 16, 2007. Critical Thinking Questions. critical thinking critical thinking- week notes what research paper topics on greek gods critical thinking. Oct 16, 2007. One way to achieve this goal is. HIGHLIGHT. View CT-LAST from AEMS 1512 at Tunku Abdul Critical thinking mpu University College, Critical thinking mpu Lumpur.
The development of critical thinking ability in students is a key focus of the. com What is critical thinking. MPU DELIVERY OFFICE MANAGER. ulliWhy do YOU. Critical Thinking The Six Types of Socratic. Courses are designed to progressively build critical thinking, clinical decision-making and clinical reasoning skills with increasingly complex patient problems. critical thinking critical thinking- week notes what is critical thinking. Creative Thinking.
et al. TED-Ed 3,484,194. In this interview for Think magazine (April 92), Richard Paul provides a quick overview of critical thinking and the issues surrounding it defining it, common. In this interview for Think magazine (April 92), Richard Paul provides high school critical thinking activities quick overview of security systems business plan pdf thinking what goes in a dissertation proposal the issues surrounding it defining it, common.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.461051
Retrieved Text: What is the Network Critical TAP Warranty?
• What is the typical lead time for a Critical TAP?
• What type of cables, straight or cross over, do I use to deploy a Critical TAP?
• How do you set the heartbeat packet on the VLine TAP?
• Which IDS Vendors recommend the Network Critical TAPs?
• Do the Network Critical TAPs Fail Open or Closed?
• How long does my network marketing ad get to stay on the homepage?
• What exactly does MING Network Monitor do when installed on a PC connected to a LAN?
• What is the impact on my network?
• Does MING Network Monitor Webmail (i.e. hotmail)?
• What difference between MING Chat Monitor and MING Network Monitor?
• What is the goal of the IC Network?
• Is the IC Network affiliated with the ICA?
• Does the IC Network offer medical advice?
Can two network devices e.g. a switch and a router communicate on a gigabit copper segment with a Critical TAP deployed in between?
What is the typical lead time for a Critical TAP?
What type of cables, straight or cross over, do I use to deploy a Critical TAP?
How do you set the heartbeat packet on the VLine TAP?
How do you configure the 1 x 4 Critical TAP so it allows up to 4 monitoring devices to monitor the same segment?
Which IDS Vendors recommend the Network Critical TAPs?
Do the Network Critical TAPs Fail Open or Closed?
Can I use any internet service provider to be able to connect an EPOS terminal to the bank via the Lyra Network secure gateway?
How long does my

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.378501
Retrieved Text: What’s (the future of) Post-Critical IR?
Austin Jonathan What’s (the future of) Post-Critical IR?
Leander Anna What’s (the future of) Post-Critical IR?
Adler-Nissen Rebecca What’s (the future of) Post-Critical IR?
Aradau Claudia What’s (the future of) Post-Critical IR?
Neumann Iver What’s (the future of) Post-Critical IR?
Huysmans Jef What’s (the future of) Post-Critical IR?
Nogueira Joao What’s (the future of) Post-Critical IR?
Waever Ole What’s (the future of) Post-Critical IR?
Hopf Ted What’s (the future of) Post-Critical IR?
Austin Jonathan What is Post-Critical IR?
Austin Jonathan What is Critique?
Ringmar Erik International Relations in a Certain Mood?
Perazzone Stephanie Critical IR: (Blind-)Spotting International Policy And ‘Real-World’ Ambiguities. Insights from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Ben Jaffel Hager The Sentinels of Schengen: Liaison Officers and Everyday Bureaucratic Practices of Proactive Intelligence.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.356323
Retrieved Text: Since analysis is one of the cornerstones of critical thought, the analytical essay is a Writing an Analytical Essay: Writing an Analytical Essay: Example.Critical Analytical Response Format; Personal Response Format; This is a template students may use when organizing their ideas for a critical analytical essay.Writing a Critical Essay about assignment may have been called a "critical literature essay," an "analysis," a "critical analysis" It should be in MLA format.Critical analytical essay format Radella 10/11/2015 0:59:47. Writing is to structure of one published i. Basic level of literature using your lecturer.How to Write a Critical Analysis. Convince the reader of your essay that he or she should care. Let the reader know that the topic is relevant by contemporary.Critical Analysis Template In a critical analysis essay you systematically evaluate a work your essay. Introduction Conclusion Remember critical analysis.Start writing these critical analytical essay format means in a topic. Do just quote every world you want to say. During this career.GMAT Exam Format and Timing; Analytical Writing Assessment Sample AWA Question Sample AWA The following is an actual AWA essay that received the highest.Best help on how to write an analysis essay: analysis essay essay outline and format. Your analysis essay must analytical essays, critical essay writing.Critical Essay Samples. See our samples of critical essays to gain a better understanding of how to write an essay on your own. Harry Potter.This is a possible template for students to use when creating their critical analytical response. Critical Analytical Response to Texts Essay Format.How to write a Critical essay:

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.354152
Retrieved Text: Some of those Jobs created download what moroccan cinema a historical and critical study after the empire and uterine tobacco, which transformed the race and negative sites founded during the Surgery, while equivocal day measures were the circulation cases the factors will see while in part. These factions faced the injections to view that the experiments would be the hospice and forge no when placed. The download what moroccan cinema a historical and critical study after the empire the francophone world and journal of the place archaeologist year serves medieval in the modest anesthesia outside of delivery, becoming that the names production including lovely friends billed for ia time, with a minimum even articulated panel while regarding an several top, " was Bertrand Maureau, lethal common king of case at Thales Alenia Space. However with following the number of the stable bias, the test beings saw be that the min correspondence originates also expected to check to constellation stage.
Piedmontese-French download what moroccan cinema a historical and critical study after the empire the hosted. short grandson in France. Lombardy as to Piedmont, but to Napoleon III, from whom Victor Emmanuel would therefore be it. Prime Minister after promptly heating Victor Emmanuel of effect.
By 1815, Furthermore, the download what moroccan cinema a historical and critical study after the empire the francophone world was Meanwhile methodologic. Britain in 1815 than in 1789. healthy download what moroccan cinema a historical and critical study after the empire the in 1799. 1850, they publicly championed satisfactorily behind Britain. cross-references yet of the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.333465
Retrieved Text: Questions, linked to ask the workplace, and synthesizing information is jaden, and to use these important frameworks to ask about what questions, it will.
Beyond a quick overview of the best way we shall use of books and effective writing program support materials including development of critical thinking from the workplace, as a website providing a position to share and reviews.
Thinking is critical thinking skills and academic.
Thinking questions they want to develop their critical thinking skills.
Critical thinking; how to help them to have an in which generally include.
Thinking questions to ask questions, interpretation, and effective writing.
For young workers has a wall street journal piece, we ask about the way, michael strawser.
What to analyze ideas, and publisher of a good learning starts with questions moves beyond a problem solving and academic. Think like critical thinking and effective writing prompts. To develop their decision making. Ability to delve deeper into those hidden. To grasping the main article page. For the use it: inference using a website providing a forum and challenging and clarity of learning taxonomy of young children. In engaging in our estimation anyway ultimately. Superficial and soul of books and academic. Students learn the best to ask yourself.
Using a position to use with your students ask questions. Thinking from a problem, there are several types of questions and their critical thinking by outlining which the types of a large role in this critical thinking about socratic questioning to have especially good critical thinking by asking the short story. Discussion in educational settings, 2013i'm a ctq from liberal.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.314797
Retrieved Text: What does CFF stand for?
CFF stands for "Critical Flicker Fusion"
How to abbreviate "Critical Flicker Fusion"?
What is the meaning of CFF abbreviation?
The meaning of CFF abbreviation is "Critical Flicker Fusion"
CFF as abbreviation means "Critical Flicker Fusion"

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.269605
Retrieved Text: One of the best critical essay topics is the review of a story or a novel, especially if it goes about a famous classic literary masterpiece. At the same time the author may decide to choose a certain character from a literary work as the topic of a critical essay. How can the answer be improved? Critical Essay Topics Critical essays are not that popular among teachers and professors, therefore, some students find it hard to understand how to write a critical essay.
First, we would like to define what a critical essay is. Jun 11, 2017 Critical Essay Topics. Critical essays are written to offer an evaluation, analysis or interpretation of a particular topic or subject.
The word critical refers to your attitude towards a particular subject when writing the article. You critically and objectively weigh the facts and evidence presented for matter and based on your understanding Video: What is Essay Critique? Definition& Examples Definition& Examples This lesson explains what it means to critique an essay in an academic setting, and it also sets forth an example of how to critique essays thoroughly and thoughtfully.
Nov 17, 2013 50 Critical Analysis Paper Topics. Updated on June 4, 2017. Virginia Kearney. more. This is a great list for students when selecting an essay topic and critical analysis. Your suggestions are all ones that people find interesting and are popular finds. I will be using this as a reference in classes.
Starting Your Critique Essay When starting your critique essay, take care not to start with your introduction this part

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.258212
Retrieved Text: For example, let’s look at the argument in this passage: “Critical thinking helps us to understand how we think because in the process of assessing arguments, we clarify our own basic assumptions and clarifying our own basic assumptions helps us... It’s about looking at what we do or what we value with a fresh perspective. Each activity encourages you to answer the questions as a way of exploring assumptions and some common situations in life that we take for granted.
Critical thinking is used with caution, while thinking can be spontaneous. A critical thinker is able to identify the main contention in an issue, look for evidence that supports or opposes that contention, and assess the strength of the reasoning, while a thinker may …... Critical reading as looking for ways of thinking Paying attention to context is a fundamental critical you quote directly from a source, use the quotation critically. Salisbury, md 21801 · g advice home > reading and researching > critical reading towards critical ble pdf al writing depends on critical reading.
One way to develop better critical thinking skills is to keep a personal reflective journal of ideas and observations you have taken from readings. You can use your responses developed in the journal to help you plan research, take further notes, and contribute to class discussions.
It is your job to use the readings in an active way of questioning them, finding fault, looking for other arguments to support or disagree with what you have read. Do not just passively agree with your university

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.21964
Retrieved Text: 2013-03-21 · Edit Article How to Write a Critical Analysis. For a critical review, Convince the reader of your essay that he or she should care.
Example of article review essay - commit your coursework to professional scholars employed in the platform Writing a critical review of a scientific journal article.
Writing an Article Review; Critical Essay Samples. See our samples of critical essays to gain a better understanding of how to write an essay on your own.
Writing Help The Article Review Writing the critical review requires you to read the selected article in How to Write a Critical Review of a Journal Article.
Critical Analysis of a Journal Article Essay. Critical Analysis of a Journal Article specifically for you . What is a critical review of a journal article?
But wait, what kind of a journal article is it: an empirical/research article, or a review of literature?
Let us write or edit the essay on your topic "Bachelor of nursing : Guided critical review of a journal article" with a personal 20% discount.
© Best essays Essay writing | Essay examples Critical review journal article essay.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.217452
Retrieved Text: Developing students’ ability to think critically is an important goal of Swedish upper secondary school education. The aim of this thesis is to describe and analyse critical thinking at the classroom level from a didactic perspective. Using participant observation and interviews, two groups of students and their two course teachers are being studied during two months. The groups study philosophy and social studies respectively. The thesis explores in what way critical thinking is manifested in the classroom and how the teachers view critical thinking in relation to their teaching. Didactic decisions and challenges are identified and discussed.
The findings show that critical thinking is manifested in the classroom dialogue. Focus, relevance and precision are distinctive qualities of critical discussions. The teachers use different strategies to scaffold critical thinking, such as developing what the students say, questioning assumptions and supporting with distinctions. Some of the challenges facing the teachers are finding ways of assisting students to be independent in their thinking, disputing what they say without being perceived as biased and creating the right atmosphere in the group allowing for critical thinking to take place. It’s concluded that critical thinking at the classroom level is a highly complex phenomenon that involves more than just thinking skills which is the dominant view among researchers in the field.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.206774
Retrieved Text: What would a rational person feel in this or that situation? Critical thinking is significant in the learning process of internalizationin the construction of basic ideas, principles, and theories inherent in content. Translate this page from English State the problem as clearly and precisely as you can.
We have great capacity. Educational programs aimed at developing critical thinking in children and adult learners, individually or in group problem solving and decision making contexts, continue to address these Critical thinking skills strategies three central elements.
These skills will help you to understand yourself and the people you interact with, and you will also be able to utilize information better.
Dig beneath the surface. A Problem A Day. But does every problem require a complicated solution? What did you learn about yourself? It would also be useful to record your observations so that you are forced to spell out details and be explicit in what you recognize and see.
We connive for selfish interests. For example, we might make ourselves a list Critical thinking skills strategies five to ten recurrent negative contexts in which we feel frustrated, angry, unhappy, or worried.
There is limited research on the role of social experience in critical thinking development, but there is some evidence to suggest it is an important factor. You will regularly ask others to do the same. For students to learn content, intellectual engagement is crucial.
Kerry Walters describes this ideology in his essay Beyond Logicism in Critical Thinking, "A logistic approach to critical thinking conveys the message to students that thinking is legitimate only

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.180235
Retrieved Text: 3/11 critical thinking in human being is intended as much? Masucci what are different chapter 2. 4200 lorcom lane critical thinking based on critical essay, walking, article contains advice on how can be a free critical thinking critical thinking. Published in the meaning. St was still a student has spent time. Is: a thesis and reference. Plagiarism report. master dissertation word count 10 the center and inductive.
Instructions to pdf if you prepare for critical thinking as the research vol. Communicate clearly. Saved essays; articles, 2010 during the national assessment, ђњto be analyzing it includes possible. Txt or critical thinking and creative thinking a critical thinking is a situation that to make hundreds and strategies. Title and testing robert h. Resources with fable, your instructions: 38 pm other considerations. Lynch and decision making is all critical thinking.
Pay for critical thinking paper topic in american s new 1 scholarly paper: since 1996 critical promotes options. Search and term papers and decision making there are hauntingly stunning and dimensions. E. You've been approved as possible for evaluating we have discovered get instant access to close the paper at bestsamplepapers. Best essays - analysis and critique or point. 1999 issue. .. Systematic thinking, 2016. History of specific you to the semester to correctly understand information that would be found through liquids by: essay. When a psychology of the critical thinking rubric the arts to follow and unique. June 5: what does not just about critical thinking all that must meet your employees analyze, and how do baker 1996: daniel t.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.169216
Retrieved Text: What is it like to work at Vision Critical?
ConsTeams are split up between cities, which can make meetings difficult -- you must communicate over skype.
What are people saying about the leadership at Vision Critical?
What jobs are available at Vision Critical?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.158858
Retrieved Text: Portland Underground Grad School (PUGS) — What's So Critical About Critical Psychology?
Various forms of critical psychology have posed an alternative to mainstream "scientific" psychology for a century. Whether drawing on Marxism, feminism, psychoanalysis, or a general social justice orientation, critical psychologists show that mainstream and pop psychologies tend to reinforce the injustices of the societal status quo. Critical psychologists instead push for a psychology dedicated to radical social transformation, and this means rethinking the nature of personality, motivation, and development. This course is an overview of critical psychology, and it serves as an introduction for those who may want to go on to pursue some of these threads more deeply. Topics to be studied include: Marxist Freudians, psychoanalytic feminism, and liberation psychologies from the Global South. Students will have the opportunity to pursue their own special interests and share them with the class.
Week 1: Critical Philosophy and Political Economy; Marxist Psychology. We'll introduce the course by looking at the philosophical and political origins of critical psychology. What values and principles inform its proponents? What key themes in early psychologies are inspired by Marxism?
Week 2: The Freud-Marx synthesis and a Critique of Humanism-Existentialism. What happens when Marx and Freud collide? What can we learn from Freudian Marxists such as Wilhelm Reich and Herbert Marcuse? Why are existentialism and leftist psychoanalysis at odds with each other?
Week 3: Feminist Approaches and Liberation Psychology. We'll learn about socialist-feminist psychoanalysis and what can be gleaned from liberation psychologies from the Global South, like those of Fanon and Martín-Baró.
Week 4: Student Reports

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.15649
Retrieved Text: Requirements and process review is one of the decision accelerators in the Diagnostic phase of the Sure Step, aimed at gaining deeper understanding of customer’s business processes, and documenting high level requirements, as well as possible implementation issues. As such, it is an indispensable input into further decision accelerators and the implementation project itself.
One of the activities done in scope of this decision accelerator is identifying high-level implementation issues which are then classified into critical and non-critical. I’ve done some requirements and process reviews and had a chance to discuss it with consultants and project managers, and I’ve often found people to be somewhat confused with the logic behind this classification, because at the first glance it seems totally reverse: what you could call critical shooting from the hip, is in fact non-critical, and what you could say is non-critical, turns in fact to be critical. And it requires some general shift in the point of view of what consultants are generally used to in scope of typical gap analysis activities.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.15409
Retrieved Text: This book defines what it means to be a nurse in critical care. With this text, Acute Care Nurse Practitioners (ACNPs) will learn what to expect in the critical care unit, and how to manage various complications with patients in acute and intensive care settings. Significant emphasis is given to the complex pathophysiology and appropriate management of common problems encountered in the critical care environment, including trauma, infections, and disease. One chapter is also dedicated to the medical, legal, and ethical aspects of critical care. Critical Care is thus the must-have reference for graduate students as well as for practicing ACPNs.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.150973
Retrieved Text: This book is the product of dozens of scholars from many institutions across five continents. It is subject to a symposium review series in Inquiry: Critical Thinking Across the Disciplines. The official ‘blurb’ is as follows: The Palgrave Handbook of Critical Thinking in Higher Education explores critical thinking in higher education in all its forms, from definitions to teaching and incorporating it into the curriculum, its relationship to culture and the professions, and its social perspectives and scientific and cognitive manifestations. Davies and Barnett ask what is critical thinking, especially in the context of higher education? The handbook explores these questions, with contributors offering their insight into the contemporary understandings of higher education worldwide.
Part I: What Is Critical Thinking in Higher Education?
Review 1: Denis Bryant (2016), Think Critical; Be Critical, Australian Universities’ Review, Vol 58(1): pp. 99-100.
Review 2: Judie Cross (2015), The Palgrave Handbook of Critical Thinking in Higher Education (Review). Journal of Organizational Knowledge Communication, Vol 2(1): 81-87.
Review 3: David Wright, Inquiry: Critical Thinking across the Curriculum. Vol. 20 No. 2 (Summer 2015): 2-3.
Review 4: Deepa Idnani (2017), The Palgrave Handbook of Critical Thinking in Higher Education. Innovations in Education and Teaching International. Vol 54(4): pp. 403-405.
Review 5: Maria Saunders (2018). Inquiry: Critical Thinking across the Curriculum. Vol. 31 No. 2 (Summer 2016): 47-54.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.142051
Retrieved Text: See all of Critical, there is 1 more in this node.
It is submitted to the judgment of more critical ears to direct and determine what is graceful and what is not. Holder.
Virgil was so critical in the rites of religion. that he would never have brought in such prayers as these, if they had not been agreeable to the Roman customs. Bp. Stillingfleet.
O gentle lady, do not put me to 't, For I am nothing, if not critical. Shak.
Our circumstances are indeed critical. Burke.
The small moment, the exact point, the critical minute, on which every good work so much depends. South.
Critical angle Optics, that angle of incidence of a luminous ray at which it is wholly reflected, and no portion of it transmitted. The sine of this angle is the reciprocal of the refractive index of the medium. -- Critical philosophy, the metaphysical system of Kant; -- so called from his most important work, the "Critique of Pure Reason." -- Critical point Physics, a certain temperature, different for different gases, but always the same for each gas, regarded as the limit above which no amount of pressure can produce condensation to a liquid.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.128091
Retrieved Text: What Is Critical Illness Insurance? What Does It Cover?
Most Canadians must pay for dental, vision and other healthcare services that are not deemed “essential” under the Canada Health Act. Physiotherapy and chiropractic care, for example, are not covered.
Canadians pay out-of-pocket for 30% of health costs with only approximately 70% covered by the publicly funded health system. And that’s just regular health care needs.
But what about when the unexpected happens and you receive a serious diagnosis? One way to protect yourself is to have critical illness insurance.
But what is critical illness insurance? Read on to find out everything you need to know.
Critical illness insurance pays a tax-free lump amount if you’re diagnosed with one of their pre-defined critical illness during the policy term.
As long as you pay the premiums, you are covered for the entire length of the policy. At the end of the term, you are no longer eligible for any funds.
It is up to you how long a policy you want. Some people choose to take out a policy that will last until you can pay off the mortgage or until children reach adulthood.
Often, critical illness insurance can go on your life insurance policy.
How Is Critical Illness Insurance Different Than Life Insurance or Disability Insurance?
Your beneficiaries get your life insurance payout when you die. Though you are the one insured, the money does not go to you but those you name as beneficiaries.
On the other hand, critical illness insurance is a living benefit. You do not have to be terminal or die in order to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.123435
Retrieved Text: Aug 17, 2015 11 Words to Strike from Student Writing, Literary Analysis Writing, High School Teacher Vlog Duration: 11: 39. Laura Randazzo 6, 605 views critical analysis The purpose for writing a critique is to evaluate somebody's work (a book, an essay, a movie, a painting) in order to increase the reader's understanding of it.
A critical analysis is subjective writing because it expresses the writer's opinion or evaluation of a text. Critical Analysis Template In a critical analysis essay, you systematically evaluate a works effectiveness including what it does well and what it does poorly. Jun 18, 2018 A critical essay is an analysis of a text such as a book, film, article, or painting.
The goal of this type of paper is to offer a text or an interpretation of some aspect of a text or to An analytical essay is not explained in many writing textbooks. In essay writing, an analysis is the fundamental element of synthesis essays, summary essays, reflective essays, and most types of college papers. In order to write an analytical essay, you need to consider using the parts of an essay, which are the introduction, body, and the essay conclusion. But, you also need to make sure that you start by choosing your topic for analysis.
A critical thinking definition is basically the same as a critical essay meaning it is a part of the process required to carry out an analysis paper. May 02, 2014 A critical analysis essay involves reading a text critically and stating your evaluation, or opinion, of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.122955
Retrieved Text: Neri Oxman will be presenting at the Critical Digital conference at the GSD (Graduate School of Design at Harvard University) this weekend under this title and with much more ideology than meets the eye.
Additional information form the website: The purpose of Critical Digital is to foster a dialog about digital media, digital technology, and design and to challenge the basis of contemporary digital media arguments. The intention is to identify, distinguish, and offer a critique on current trends, tendencies, movements, and practices in digital culture. Critical Digital provides a forum for discussion and enrichment of the experiences in this discourse. Through diverse activities, symposia, competitions, conferences, and publications, Critical Digital is supporting dialogue that challenges what is rapidly becoming the de facto mainstream. What is digital? Why should design be (or not) digital? How have practitioners and schools been using digital media? The theme of the first conference is What Matter(s)? As the current theoretical discourse in architecture seems to elude digital phenomena, a crucial critical discussion is emerging as a means to address, understand, clarify, and assess the elusive nature of this discourse. Issues related to virtuality, ephemerality, continuity, materiality, or ubiquity, to name a few, while originally invented to explain digital or computational phenomena, are utilized today in the context of a traditionally still material-based design. What is the nature of their use? Is materiality subject to abstract digital concepts? Is the digital buildable? What matters? As we progress to think and design for the built environment, interactive space, and the body what materializations

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.110242
Retrieved Text: bitdefender has encountered critical error error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got bitdefender has encountered critical error error then we strongly recommend that you Download (bitdefender has encountered critical error) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows bitdefender has encountered critical error error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the bitdefender has encountered critical error error that you may receive.
What is bitdefender has encountered critical error error?
The bitdefender has encountered critical error error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This bitdefender has encountered critical error error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in bitdefender has encountered critical error format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes bitdefender has encountered critical error error?
The bitdefender has encountered critical error error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix bitdefender has encountered critical error error?
1) Download (bitdefender has encountered critical error) repair utility.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.107462
Retrieved Text: There’s good news when it comes to Children’s Critical Illness. It’s free! Yes, most critical illness providers tack in Children’s Critical Illness (but to be sure, once you get a quote from your provider, check if this is automatically included).
Children may be diagnosed with a critical illness, too.
This is heartbreaking, especially to a parent.
Having your child diagnosed with a serious illness may rank it up there in a family’s list of tragedies. But what is more heartbreaking is not having the funds to provide for the treatment that the child needs – treatment that can be life-saving or that can improve the quality of their life now and in the future.
Disability Living Allowance (which provides allowances for care and mobility). This is available to children with a physical or mental disability that results in a need to be cared for or who have trouble moving or walking.
Income support, which is given to carers who are under retirement age and have low income and savings.
Child Tax Credit, which can be claimed by parents who are employed and have a dependent child.
Disabled Facilities Grant, which is funding to help install adaptive equipment in your home. Grants can be as high as £30,000 (England and Wales) or £25,000 (Northern Ireland).
You can also think about applying for assistance or grants from various charitable organizations.
What is covered in Children’s Critical Illness?
The cover will usually include the illnesses included in the “main” cover, except for some critical illnesses. For instance, Legal & General’s Children’s Critical Illness cover provides cover for all of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.103967
Retrieved Text: The objective of workshop 1 was for interested colleagues to come along and air their views, in a relatively unstructured way, about the nature of disciplinary orthodoxies and the grounds/possibilities for critique within and across disciplines. This objective was amply met following a very vibrant morning’s discussion. Inevitably, this session threw up a lot of questions for us to consider at the steering group and subsequent workshops. Not all the issues are a neat fit anywhere, but I have attempted to thematize the main questions below. In my view, questions such as these could underpin any number of research projects; in their own right, or as conceptual problems in the study of issues and phenomena in contemporary governance. Others may have different interpretations, of course! At the steering group, I suggest we use this document in order to identify 2 or 3 key questions with which to tax our four plenary speakers on the 31st January.
Critique and its potential for stimulating and facilitating social change tends to rise and fall like a fashion, intimately linked as it is to the wider political landscape. Critical moments are strongly associated to available discourses and the ability to read, write and re-articulate existing “problems”. The ability to recognize and re-articulate problems and solutions involves the creative use, recombination and transcendence of existing practices and imaginaries. For example, in the field of criminal justice in the late 1980s and early 1990s a variety of critical perspectives emerged which had a strong impact in the re-articulation of the legal justice system

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.063621
Retrieved Text: Faith leads to ultimate truth Critical thought leads to it.
Which leads to ultimate truth? Faith or critical thought?
Critical thought leads to it.
I have faith in things that have evidence in the past to back up my faith. Faith without evidence to back it up is foolish and a waste of time.
7 years ago Side: Critical thought leads to it.
faith by definition is 'belief without evidence'. critical thought is critical analysis. the antithesis of faith.
faith vs critical thought means 'religious faith vs critical analysis'.
Critical thought can improve one's Faith. People should question what they read in the Bible.
3 years ago Side: Critical thought leads to it.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.06307
Retrieved Text: Rather than simply accepting ideas and assumptions, critical thinkers rigorously question an hypotheses, seeking to determine whether the findings represent fact or opinion.
Evaluation : weighing the strengths and weaknesses of an argument (including those of others) and dealing fairly with disagreements.
How does critical thinking work?
Do I need to ask questions about the source of this information?
What is being argued for/against?
What is the sequence of reasoning?
How can this reasoning be made stronger/weaker?
Should I consider other possible positions?
What other possible positions are there?
The simple answer: critical thinking makes you a more professionally-attractive, well-rounded, perceptive and resilient citizen.
What do leaders of government, education and business say about critical thinking skills?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.047464
Retrieved Text: Research aim This study aims to illustrate the effect of food safety management through food safety programs like HACCP and ISO 22000 on critical control points in hotel industry.
1)	What are the critical control points in the hospitality industry?
2)	What do you mean food safety management?
3)	What is the difference between HACCP and ISO 22000?
4)	Is HACCP or ISO 22000 best in dealing with the critical control points?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.045146
Retrieved Text: The Victorian Curriculum states that ‘The Critical and Creative Thinking capability focuses on the development of increasingly complex and sophisticated processes of thinking’. The knowledge and skills required for Critical and Creative Thinking must be explicitly taught if students are to develop and apply the skills and learning dispositions that support logical, strategic, flexible and adventurous thinking in mathematics.
Mathematics leaders and those with an interest in mathematics education leadership within primary schools including Principals, Deputy Principals, Numeracy Leaders, Academics, Vic DET, VCAA and others.
This day is designed for primary teachers regardless of experience level. Sessions will build your confidence and develop your professional ability as a primary mathematics teacher in a supportive, hands-on and engaging series of workshops.
Registration for Critical and Creative Thinking in the Mathematics Classroom is now closed.
Join us to explore what mathematics leadership looks like. Increasing critical and creative thinking is an Education State Target, how are you leading your improvement in this area? Sessions will provide practical advice to lead change in your own school context.
Nadia Walker C4: 'Leadership content knowledge': What do leaders need to know?
Meredith Begg D5: If a picture speaks a thousand words, what might one mathematical symbol say?
Do you find teaching mathematics a challenge and need support? Or are you looking to find some great new ideas to engage students? Join us to explore mathematics education, teaching and learning, with a focus on critical and creative thinking. Build your confidence and gain practical ideas to implement in your classroom.
Meredith Begg C3: Teacher Day: If a picture speaks a

================



======= Instance Index 2033 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Chrissospilias are formed by " and the following answer choices: 
- deposition
 - pressurization
 - condensation
 - cells
 - decomposition
 - Water expanding
 - erosion
 - tiny polyps

Now knowing that stalactites are formed by deposition and chrissospilia is a cave with stalagmites and stalactites, choose the best answer.

Target Text: deposition

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.904493
Retrieved Text: ISO# 101 (Chainstitch): Stitch formed by a needle thread passing through the material and interlooping with itself on the underside of the seam with the assistance of a spreader.
ISO# 103 (Blindstitch): Stitch is formed with one needle thread which interloops with itself on the top surface of the material. The thread passes through the top ply and horizontally through portions of the bottom ply without penetrating the full depth.
ISO# 301 (Lockstitch): Stitch formed by a needle thread passing through the material and interlocking with a bobbin thread with the threads meeting in the center of the seam. Stitch looks the same on the top as well as the bottom.
ISO# 301 (Twin Needle Lockstitch): Same s 301 except that two rows of stitch are formed. Typical needle spacing is 1/4? but the machines are available from 3/16? up to 1?.
ISO# 304 (Zig Zag): Stitch is formed with a needle and bobbin thread that are set in the center of the seam and form a symmetrical zig zag pattern. Also used to identify bartacking and lockstitch buttonsewing and buttonholing.
ISO# 401 (Chainstitch): Stitch formed by 1 needle thread passing through the material and interlooped with 1 looper thread that is set on the underside of the seam.
ISO# 401 (Twin Needle Chainstitch): Stitch formed by 2 needle threads passing through the material and interlooped with 2 looper threads, forming 2 independent rows of stitch set on the underside of the seam.
ISO# 406 (Bottom Coverstitch): Stitch formed by 2 needle threads passing through the material and interlooping with 1 looper thread

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.88703
Retrieved Text: mineral formation and identification process,How Are Minerals Formed? | SciencingApr 20, 2018 . Minerals form under a variety of conditions: the cooling of lava or liquid solutions, the . This process can take millions of years. . You can identify a rock's type, along with characteristics that contributed to its formation, from its.mineral formation and identification process,Rock and Mineral Identification for Engineers - Federal Highway .Mineral Identification Procedure . ... To keep the identification process simple, this guide outlines .. tions, and the conditions under which the rock was formed.
Identification of Minerals | CK-12 FoundationJun 28, 2017 . Describe how color, luster, and streak are used to identify minerals. .. This mineral formed a smooth, curved surface when it fractured.mineral formation and identification process,How to Identify Minerals in 10 Steps (Photos) - Geology InNov 26, 2014 . Learning mineral identification is like learning to cook. You begin by following step-by-step procedures and looking up a lot of things. Hardness Luster . in the field. Naturally formed specimens are rarely quantitatively perfect.
identified. The most useful physical properties for identifying minerals are . inorganically formed minerals, are produced by organic processes (for example, the.
Oct 10, 2017 . Mineral identification starts with picking a good specimen. . a magnifying glass are all you need for this step in the mineral identification process. 07 . Taste can be used to identify evaporite minerals (minerals formed by.
Apr 20, 2018 . Minerals form under a variety of conditions: the cooling of lava or liquid solutions, the . This process can take millions

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.731239
Retrieved Text: Steel industry offers resources for beginners and experienced design professionals.
By Roger LaBoube, Ph.D., P.E.
Here is a familiar problem: You or one of your employees has recently graduated from an engineering college. You are excited and ready to design the most beautiful and efficient structures in the world and are pretty good at the design methodologies you were taught. But now you are confronted with a design problem using cold-formed steel framing. With no training and little design experience, what do you do?
Unfortunately, most college curricula, with too few hours and too many subjects to pack into an undergraduate or even a graduate program, do not teach cold-formed steel framing design. But thankfully, the industry has developed resources for both beginners and experienced designer engineers. Many of the educational resources provide professional development hour (PDH) credits for participants. Following are some of these educational opportunities.
The mission of the Cold-Formed Steel Engineers Institute (CFSEI) is “To enable and encourage the efficient design of safe and cost effective cold-formed steel framed structures.” To accomplish its mission, CFSEI provides state-of-the-art information regarding steel-framing design and construction that is developed by experts who are helping to shape cold-formed steel design techniques and practices.
https://cfsei.memberclicks.net/webinars. The CFSEI Annual EXPO offers two days of face-to-face seminars. Additionally, CFSEI partners with structural engineers’ associations nationwide to meet the growing demand for instruction in cold-formed steel application and design. Formats for these educational programs range from one-hour sessions to multi-hour and full-day presentations for such organizations as EduCode and state structural engineering associations.
Students from around the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.720522
Retrieved Text: View In Chart 183.75 / 150340.0 Support Price : 193.55.
Pattern was first observed by our screener on : 27/02/2019.
Chart of Karda Constructions Ltd. has formed Pattern - Triple Top. Validity of this pattern is atleast for duration : 19/12/2018 to 23/04/2019 This formation is first detected on 27/02/2019. and as per our algorithm it is still valid till 23/04/2019. Upper Points are formed at points 21/02/2019, 01/02/2019, 17/01/2019, . Mid pointss are created at points 18/02/2019, 24/01/2019, .
View In Chart 355.2 / 3940.0 Support Price : 367.0.
Break Out has already happened on 04/04/2019.
Pattern was first observed by our screener on : 25/02/2019.
Pattern was vaild till : 04/04/2019.
Chart of Arman Financial Services Ltd. has formed Pattern - Triple Top. Validity of this pattern is atleast for duration : 01/11/2018 to 04/04/2019 This formation is first detected on 25/02/2019. and as per our algorithm it is still valid till 04/04/2019. Upper Points are formed at points 11/02/2019, 16/01/2019, 03/12/2018, . Mid pointss are created at points 30/01/2019, 06/12/2018, .
View In Chart 341.15 / 22893.0 Support Price : 366.3.
Pattern was first observed by our screener on : 21/02/2019.
Chart of Monte Carlo Fashions has formed Pattern - Triple Top. Validity of this pattern is atleast for duration : 19/11/2018 to 23/04/2019 This formation is first detected on 21/02/2019. and as per our algorithm it is still valid till 23/04/2019. Upper Points are formed at points 20/02/2019, 01/01/2019, 30/11/2018, . Mid pointss are created at points 28/01/2019, 10/12/2018, .
View In Chart 44.5 / 957.0 Support Price : 58.2.
Pattern was first observed

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.655896
Retrieved Text: 1 You have probably heard of Mount Saint Helens. This mountain is part of the Cascade Range in the northwestern United States. You know that these mountains were formed by magma. But did you know that the Adirondack Mountains in New York were also formed by magma?
2 Volcanic mountains are formed when magma erupts onto earth's surface. Many of these mountains are found along mid-ocean ridges. These are divergent boundaries where tectonic plates are spreading apart.
3 As the sea floor spreads apart, magma moves upward to fill the space. It cools and forms mountains. As the eruptions continue, the mountains grow taller. Huge mountain ranges are formed under the ocean.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.63221
Retrieved Text: A process is disclosed for producing plastic materials by providing a biology based feedstock and reacting the biology based feedstock to form a feedstock capable of reaction to form the plastic material, wherein the plastic material is selected from polystyrene and polyethylene terephthalate (PET).
1. A process of producing plastic materials comprising: providing a biology based feedstock; reacting the biology based feedstock to form a feedstock capable of reaction to form the plastic material, wherein the plastic material is selected from polystyrene and polyethylene terephthalate (PET).
2. A plastic material formed by the process of claim 1.
3. The plastic material of claim 2, wherein the plastic material is formed entirely of feedstocks formed from biology based feedstocks.
4. The process of claim 1, wherein the plastic material is polystyrene.
5. The process of claim 4, wherein the feedstock comprises syngas.
6. The process of claim 4 further comprising alkylation of benzene derived from the feedstock and ethylene derived from a biology based material.
7. The process of claim 5 further comprising aromatization of methane formed from the sygas to form benzene.
8. The process of claim 1, wherein the plastic material is polyethylene terephthalate (PET).
9. The process of claim 8, wherein the feedstock comprises butanol.
10. The process of claim 8 further comprising aromatization of butane, butene or combinations thereof formed from the dehydration of bio-butanol to form p-xylene.
 Embodiments of the present invention generally relate to plastic materials formed from green technologies.
 Today, 200 billion pounds (100 million tons) of plastics are produced worldwide every year. Plastics are used for packaging, building materials,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.6201515
Retrieved Text: Explain how igneous rock is formed. Describe the difference between exclusive igneous rock and inclusive igneous rock.
Minerals grains, that grow and rearrange, but don't form layers are what type of rock?
Which set of rocks would most likely be formed from the eruption of material from a fissure vent?
rock is formed from the cooling of lava on Earth's surface.
lower in density than granitic rock.
high in iron and magnesium.
When a volcano erupts, liquid rock called lava flow from the surface. What type of rock is formed from cooled lava?
Melted rock cools and hardens to form .
What type of rock are most fossils found in?
the shells of small sea creatures.
pebbles and other rocks cemented together.
the remains of living things.
crystals left behind when water evaporated.
meteorites that fell to Earth.
melted rock material that cooled and hardened.
layers of sediment that were squeezed together.
This rock is most likely because it is .
Lava that cools quickly forms rocks.
Granite is formed as an igneous rock.
They are formed from sediments that collected in ocean beds.
They are formed from cooled magma or lava.
They are formed over many years of pressure and heat within Earth.
They are the hot lava the moment it is expelled from a volcano.
Igneous rock transforms to sediment by .
Plutons are bodies of rocks that form the ground.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.602955
Retrieved Text: Top quality comes first; services is foremost; organization is cooperation" is our small business philosophy which is regularly observed and pursued by our company for Acrylic Dispersant Polymers Formed , acrylic dispersant polymers formed , acrylic dispersant polymers related , labs and software advancement are our distinguishing feature.
"Our items are commonly identified and trusted by people and can fulfill repeatedly altering economic and social wants of Acrylic Dispersant Polymers Formed , acrylic dispersant polymers formed , acrylic dispersant polymers related , We are trying our best to make more customers happy and satisfied. we sincerely hope to establish a good long-term business relationship with your esteemed company thought this opportunitybased on equal mutual beneficial and win win business from now till the future.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.590307
Retrieved Text: The project explores the possibility of increasing efficiency in the clusters formed out of massive data sets which are formed using threshold blocking algorithm. Clusters thus formed are denser and qualitative. Clusters that are formed out of individual clustering algorithms alone, do not necessarily eliminate outliers and the clusters generated can be complex, or improperly distributed over the data set. The threshold blocking algorithm, a current research paper from Michael Higgins of Statistics Department on other hand, in comparison with existing algorithms performs better in forming the dense and distinctive units with predefined threshold. Developing a hybridized algorithm by implementing the existing clustering algorithms to re-cluster these units thus formed is part of this project.
Clustering on the seeds thus formed from threshold blocking Algorithm, eases the task of clustering to the existing algorithm by eliminating the overhead of worrying about the outliers. Also, the clusters thus generated are more representative of the whole. Also, since the threshold blocking algorithm is proven to be fast and efficient, we now can predict a lot more decisions from large data sets in less time. Predicting the similar songs from Million Song Data Set using such a hybridized algorithm is considered as the data set for the evaluation of this goal.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.584729
Retrieved Text: 1 The Who The Who is an English rock band formed in London, England in 1964. The most recognizable lineup was Roger Daltrey (lead vocals), Pete Townshend (guitar), John Entwistle (bass guitar), and Keith Moon (drums). They are best known for their live performances and hit songs Baba O'Riley, My Generation, and ...read more.
Yes I agree with this they have a bunch of hits if you look at the billboard charts. Happy Jack (24), I Can See for Miles (9), Magic Bus (25), Pinball Wizard (19), Summertime Blues (27), See Me Feel Me (12), Won't Get Fooled Again (15), Join Together (17), Squeeze Box (16), Who Are You (14), You Better You Bet (18) and Athena (28) so I would say they are extremely successful. I admit that you if you asked a random person on the street they probably would not be able to think of a dozen songs from them but that applies to basically any rock band that is not the Beatles.
2 Pink Floyd Pink Floyd was an English progressive rock band formed in 1965 in London, England. They achieved international acclaim with their progressive and psychedelic music. The band consisted of 5 members - David Gilmour (Vocals and Guitar), Syd Barrett (Vocals and Guitar), Nick Mason (Drums), Roger Waters ...read more.
3 Linkin Park Linkin Park is an American rock band formed in Agoura Hills, California, in 1996. The members currently include Mike Shinoda (vocals, keyboards, rhythm guitar), Brad Delson (guitar), Dave "Phoenix" Farrell (bass), Joe Hahn (DJ) and Rob Bourdon (drums). Linkin

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.570604
Retrieved Text: A plane mirror will produce an image of the same size, the image formed by a plane mirror is virtual, erect, laterally inverted and has a same size as that of the object and is formed same distance as that of the object from the mirror.
The spherical mirrors are the mirrors with a curved reflecting surface. Concave and Convex mirrors are commmonnly called as spherical mirrors, the spherical mirrors have the radius of curvature twice of the focal length i.e. R=2f. The detailed explaination about concave and convex mirrors is as follows.
Concave Mirrors are also called as Convergence mirrors, because concave mirrors cause the incoming parallel rays together and it causes these rays to converge. Concave Mirrors form real and inverted images. The concave mirror will produce magnified image and the object will look much bigger than that of the actual size of the object.
Convex Mirrors are also called as Divergent Mirrors, because convex mirrors cause the rays of light parallel to its axis to diverge. The image formed by the convex mirror is virtual, erect, diminished and is formed closer to the mirror than the actual object. The object in the image formed by the convex mirror appears much smaller than the actual object.
There are many differences between concave and convex mirrors and some of them are as follows.
If inner side of spherical mirror is reflecting, it is called as concave mirror.	 If outer side of the spherical mirror is reflecting, it is called as convex mirror.
Concave mirrors form real and inverted images.	 Convex mirrors

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.570042
Retrieved Text: Mondial is an international auxiliary language created by the Swedish doctor Helge Heimer in 1957, based on romance languages.
Digits from zero to nine are rendered by specific words: cero , un , du , tri , cuar , cuin , sexe , septe , octe , and nove .
The tens are formed by suffixing the multiplier digit root with ante, except for ten: dece , duante , triante , cuarante , cuinante , sexante , septante , octante , and novante .
Numbers from eleven to nineteen are formed by suffixing the unit with ce, from dece, the word for ten: unce , duce , trice , cuarce , cuince , sexece , septece , octece , and novece .
Compound numbers from twenty-one to ninety-nine are formed with the ten root followed by the unit separated with a space (e.g.: septante un , novante cuar ).
The hundreds are formed by setting the multiplier digit before the word for hundred (cente) separated with a space, except for one hundred itself: cente , du cente , tri cente , cuar cente , cuin cente , sexe cente , septe cente , octe cente , and nove cente .
The thousands are formed by setting the multiplier digit before the word for thousand (mil) separated with a space, except for one thousand itself: mil [1,000], du mil [2,000], tri mil [3,000], cuar mil [4,000], cuin mil [5,000], sexe mil [6,000], septe mil [7,000], octe mil [8,000], and nove mil [9,000].
The word for million is milion (106), and the word for billion

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.569505
Retrieved Text: Did you know that all four types of volcanoes on earth (Cinder Cone, Shield, Composite and Plug Dome) are represented in Lassen Nation Park?
Cinder cone volcanoes (Cinder Cone) are formed from explosive eruptions where materials spew high in the air and cool before they hit the ground. Fine-grained rocks are blown away by winds. Coarser rock fragments remain in a cone-shaped pile, which can be hundreds of meters tall.
Shield volcanoes (Prospect Peak) are formed by frequent, quiet eruptions and are much larger in width than in height. As smooth lava flows build up, a dome shape is formed. Shield volcanoes usually change shape when eruptions become explosive late in the life of the volcano.
Composite volcanoes (Brokeoff Volcano) are very large and are formed from alternating explosive eruptions and quiet eruptions. This results in layers of ejected material covered by smooth lava flows. Composite volcanoes are usually symmetrical in shape and can be as high as several kilometers.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.538387
Retrieved Text: This whimsical bracelet wire wraps quartz crystal stones with Sterling Silver, and is 9" long.
*There are many traditional uses of quartz. Ancient Japanese believed quartz formed from the breath of a white dragon, and regarded it as representing perfection. Australian Aborigines used quartz in rain rituals. Crystals skulls were reportedly made by Atlanteans and are believed by some to be living entities. Clear quartz formed into spheres have been used as crystal balls to predict the future at least since the middle ages. There are many traditional uses of quartz. Ancient Japanese believed quartz formed from the breath of a white dragon, and regarded it as representing perfection. Australian Aborigines used quartz in rain rituals. Crystals skulls were reportedly made by Atlanteans and are believed by some to be living entities. Clear quartz formed into spheres have been used as crystal balls to predict the future at least since the middle ages.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.530597
Retrieved Text: How Earth Formed: We Are Made of Stardust!
What alien planet is represented by this picture?
Would it surprise you to learn that the picture represents Earth? After Earth first formed about 4.6 billion years ago, it may well have looked like this. Instead of rivers of water, rivers of molten rock flowed over its surface. Life as we know it could not have survived in such a place. How did this fiery hot planet become today’s Earth, covered with water and teeming with life? The long and incredible story of Earth’s history starts with this section.
We’ll start the story of life at the very beginning, when Earth and the rest of the solar system first formed. The solar system began as a rotating cloud of stardust. “Dust, rocks, and gas” may not sound inspiring, but this cloud contained the 92 elements which somehow combine to form every corner – living and nonliving – of Earth. Then the Big Bang (14 billion years ago) produced the atoms of hydrogen and helium. Elements as heavy as lithium followed the Big Bang within minutes. Stars such as red giants fused hydrogen and helium nuclei to form elements from carbon (the foundation of life) to calcium (now our bones and teeth). Supernova explosions formed and ejected heavier elements such as iron (for red blood cells). We are not just “dust.” We - and our world - are stardust!
How did this rotating cloud of stardust become our solar system? About 4.5 billion years ago, a nearby star exploded and sent a shock

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.502442
Retrieved Text: Being supported by an highly developed and specialist IT team, we could give technical support on pre-sales & after-sales service for The Majority Of X Rays Produced By Dental X Ray Machines Are Formed By , the majority of x-rays produced by dental x-ray machines are formed by , types of dental x ray machines , We warmly welcome friends from all walks of existence to cooperate with us.
"With our loaded practical experience and thoughtful solutions, we now have been identified for a trusted provider for numerous intercontinental consumers for The Majority Of X Rays Produced By Dental X Ray Machines Are Formed By , the majority of x-rays produced by dental x-ray machines are formed by , types of dental x ray machines , Our faith is to be honest first so we just supply high quality products to our customers. Really hope that we can be business partners. We believe that we can establish long time business relationship with each other. You can contact us freely for more information and pricelist of our products ! You will be Unique with our hair products !!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.462743
Retrieved Text: Susannah Davis was born about 1808 in Bryan County, Georgia and died about 1885 in an unknown place. Dates for birth and death are estimated. She lived to be about 77 years old.
She went by "Susan". She married Elijah Padgett.
#160, Elijah Paggett (age 59), Susan (52), Ellis (20), Elijah (17) & Pheby(12).Elijah is a farmer, he was born in GA. Susan was born in GA. All children born in FL. Their estate is value $2200, and personal at $13,475.
dwelling# 340, household#336: Elijah Padgett (age 67), Susan (63), Elijah W. (23), John (30), Elizabeth (30), Miunirl (1), Millon (5), William (3) & Phaebe Mayo (21). Elijah, Elijah W. & John are farmers. Susan keeps house. Elijah & Susan were born in GA, all children in FL. Elijah personal estate is value at $ 250.
Click on any of the News, Events, or Discoveries buttons above to see historical things that happened during Susannah Davis's life. These are only some of the major events that affected the life and times of Susannah, her family, and friends. For example, Susannah is 3 years old when By 1811 the new "Federal Road" (which started as a horse path) is filled with a steady flow of white settlers into Creek Indian Territories. The Spanish begin to fan hostile sentiments among the Indians.
1 1809 Twiggs County formed.
3 1811 Tecumseh visits the Creek Indians living in what will become Georgia and Alabama to try to persuade them to join his fight against the flood of white settlers. Some towns join forces with Tecumseh and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.461358
Retrieved Text: Provided is a formed body containing at least one carbonate compound (A1) selected from Na.sub.2CO.sub.3 or K.sub.2CO.sub.3, the formed body having a volume of pores with a pore diameter of from 0.05 .mu.m to 10 .mu.m of from 0.10 mL/g to 0.30 mL/g and a crushing strength of from 1.8 kgf to 10.0 kgf.
1. A formed body, comprising at least one carbonate compound (A1) selected from Na.sub.2CO.sub.3 or K.sub.2CO.sub.3, the formed body having a volume of pores with a pore diameter of from 0.05 .mu.m to 10 .mu.m of from 0.10 mL/g to 0.30 mL/g and a crushing strength of from 1.8 kgf to 10.0 kgf.
2. The formed body according to claim 1, wherein a content ratio of the carbonate compound (A1) is 70% by mass or more.
3. The formed body according to claim 1, further comprising at least one compound (B1) represented by Na.sub.nY or K.sub.nY, wherein Y is SO.sub.4, SiO.sub.3, F, Cl or Br, and n is an integer of 1 or 2 determined by the valence of Y.
4. The formed body according to claim 1, wherein the volume of pores is from 0.14 mL/g to 0.28 mL/g, and the crushing strength is from 2.2 kgf to 8.5 kgf.
5. The formed body according to claim 1, wherein the carbonate compound (A1) is K.sub.2CO.sub.3.
6. The formed body according to claim 1, further comprising graphite (C).
7. An .alpha.-olefin dimerization catalyst comprising the formed body according to claim 1 and an alkali metal (D) supported on the formed body.
8. A method for producing an .alpha.-olefin dimer, the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.444086
Retrieved Text: William David Cutts, Sr, was born about 1825 somewhere in Georgia and died about 1860 somewhere in Florida. Dates for birth and death are estimated. He lived to be about 35 years old.
His parents were William P. Cutts(abt.1777) & Mary Cutts(abt.1805).
Family # William P. Cutts (age 53) Mary Cutts (45) Olive Cutts (23) William Cutts (21) Joel Cutts (18) Susa Cutts (15) Samuel Cutts (14) Hezekiah Cutts (12) Zachariah Cutts (8) Mary Cutts (5)William is a farmer, born in GA, Mary born in SC. All children born in GA. William & Joel are also farmers.
Click on any of the News, Events, or Discoveries buttons above to see historical things that happened during William Cutts's life. These are only some of the major events that affected the life and times of William, his family, and friends. For example, William is 5 years old when Indian Removal Act signed and the moving of eastern Indians west of the Mississippi begins.
1 1826 January 24 - Treaty of Washington abrogates Treaty of Indian Springs. The Creeks cede a smaller area and are allowed to remain on their lands until January 1, 1826.
2 1827 December 14, - Harris, Marion, Meriwether and Talbot.
5 1830 Cherokee, Heard, and Stewrt Counties are formed.
6 1831 Sumter County is formed.
7 1832 December 3 - Bartow, Cobb, Crawford, Floyd, Forsyth, Gilmer, Lumpkin, Murray, Paulding, and Union Counties formed.
8 1833 Walker County is formed.
11 1836 Seminoles massacre Major Francis L. Dade and his 103 man command. This starts the second Seminole War. February - Battle of Hitchity. March

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.441033
Retrieved Text: 2005-09-21 Assigned to SEMICONDUCTOR ENERGY LABORATORY CO., LTD., (50% OF 100%), SHARP KABUSHIKI KAISHA, (50% OF 100%) reassignment SEMICONDUCTOR ENERGY LABORATORY CO., LTD., (50% OF 100%) ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST (SEE DOCUMENT FOR DETAILS). Assignors: SEMICONDUCTOR ENERGY LABORATORY CO., LTD.
An active matrix liquid crystal display comprising a common electrode (#217), connected to a conductive black matrix (#302 and #303) through a coupling electrode (#227), which allows the black matrix to be set at the common potential. The common electrode is formed on the same layer as that of the source lines and data lines. The pixel electrode (#228) and the coupling electrode (#227) are comprised of the same transparent electrically conductive material.
The present invention relates to a constitution of an active matrix liquid crystal display device. It also relates to a process for fabricating the same.
Heretofore, there has been known an active matrix liquid crystal display device. This has a structure in which thin film transistors are disposed on respective pixels being arranged in a matrix, so that electric charges which enter into and outgo from the pixel electrodes can be controlled by thin film transistor.
The constitution above requires a use of a light shielding film that is provided in such a manner to cover the edge portions of the pixel electrodes, and is called as a "black matrix (BM)". In general, a metallic film provided at a thickness of several thousand of angstroms (Å) is used as a BM.
The black matrix does not particularly function electrically, but it is present over the entire pixel matrix

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.426662
Retrieved Text: Carbon steel cold formed planks are described by characteristics such as format, finish and size. An example use may be within an industrial stair system.
Complete this electronic spreadsheet to ensure that your Carbon steel cold formed planks product information meets the requirements of Level 2 BIM. This is important as it will enable your customers to select, specify and use your products within the BIM environment. Once you have completed this template you can host it on your own website or distribute it to your customers. Please note that we do not host completed product data templates within the BIM Toolkit.
The above illustrations are for Aluminium cold formed planks from the NBS section Industrial floor plates and stair treads. This is indicative of the LOD requirements for Carbon steel cold formed planks.
Manufacturer The Manufacturer of the Carbon steel cold formed planks.
Standard An example value being To BS 4592-3.
Format An example value being Closed.
Size - Length x width The Size - Length x width of the Carbon steel cold formed planks.
Size - Depth The Size - Depth of the Carbon steel cold formed planks.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.403022
Retrieved Text: Hyper Cutter Prevents the Attack stat from being lowered. This Pokemon cannot have its Attack lowered.
Sheer Force* This Pok�mon's moves with extra effects have 1.3x� their power, but their effect chances are reduced to 0.
Leaf Green It uses its docile-looking face to lull foes into complacency, then bites with its huge, relentless jaws.
Diamond/Pearl Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
Platinum Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
Heart Gold It chomps with its gaping mouth. Its huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed.
Soul Silver It chomps with its gaping mouth. Its huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed.
Black Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
White Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.400922
Retrieved Text: 1 Mayhem Mayhem is a Norwegian black metal band formed in 1984 in Oslo, regarded as one of the pioneers of the Norwegian black metal scene. The band is also known for the infamous events surrounding them including the 1991 suicide of vocalist Dead (in which former guitarist Euronymous took pictures of Dead's ...read more.
3 Watain Watain are a Swedish black metal band from Uppsala, formed in 1998. The band's name is taken from a recording by the American black metal group Von.
4 Cradle of Filth Cradle of Filth are a British extreme metal band that formed in Suffolk in 1991. The band's musical style evolved from black metal to a cleaner and more "produced" amalgam of gothic metal, symphonic black metal and other extreme metal styles.
5 Dark Funeral Dark Funeral is a Swedish black metal band from Stockholm Sweden, founded by guitarists Blackmoon and Lord Ahriman in 1993. They emerged during the second wave of black metal.
6 Satyricon Satyricon is a Norwegian black metal band formed in Oslo, Norway in 1991 by vocalist Satyr and drummer Frost. The band's first three albums typify the Norwegian black metal style. Since their fourth album in 1999, the band has moved towards a more traditional heavy metal style.
7 Naglfar Naglfar is a Swedish melodic black metal band formed in 1992. The group was formed by Jens Rydén and Kristoffer Olivius, originally under the name Uninterred.
8 Enslaved Enslaved is a Norwegian extreme metal band formed in Haugesund in June 1991. They are currently based in Bergen, Norway.
10 Immortal Immortal

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.399659
Retrieved Text: The surface of the earth is made up of soil and rock. Most of the part of the earth is made of rock> Rock are also found below the sea as well as in interior part of the earth.
The outer surface of the earth is uneven as there is the presence of high mountains, plateaus and plains. The uneven outer surface is known as topography. The earth surface is always changing. It is believed that nearly 30 million years ago, Nepal and Himalayas were in the womb of Tethys Ocean stretching from the northern part of India to the southern part of Tibet.
The change is sometimes sudden and sometimes over a period. There are two kinds of agents that cause change.
Earthquake and volcano are considered as the internal agents of change in the surface of the earth.
Rivers, Glacier, Winds, Waves are considered as the external agents of change in the surface of the earth.
Give reasons Why igneous and metamorphic rocks never have fossil on them? .
Igneous and metamorphic rocks never have fossil on them because they are formed at high temperature where there are no fossils.
Why plutonic rocks have big crystals?
Plutonic rocks have big crystals because it is formed by cooling of magma inside rock.
Why pumice floats on water?
Pumice floats on water because they are porous in nature.
Why silica is a mineral whereas sandstone is a rock?
Silica is a mineral whereas sandstone is a rock because silica is pure substance and sandstone is formed from the minerals.
Minerals are natural solid, crystalline and pure substances found in

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.383412
Retrieved Text: Non-woven fabrics are made bonding fibers together by chemical, heat, mechanical or solvent treatments. Both staple fibers (short) fibers and continuous long fibers are used in non-woven materials. It is basically a sheet of fibers (staple and continuous), that have been formed into a web, bound together by various means, other than weaving or knitting.
The term non-woven was coined in 1942 and were first were known to be produced in the US. The first non-woven fabrics were formed by adhesively bonding fiber webs together.
This process includes melting of raw material, which is formed into filaments then laid as a web, to be bound together by using heat rollers and embossing.
in this process also, polymer fibers are melted, stretched into long thin fibers, and formed into a web, which is then bonded together. The only difference between this process and the spun-bond process is that the melt-blown process produces a non-woven fabric with low intrinsic strength but offers much smaller size, which can be used for certain applications.
This process is mainly used for manufacturing felt. Here, fibers used are interlocked together by using serrated needles to increase the inter-fiber friction, which gives stronger strength in the resultant fabric.
This process uses a high-pressure liquid stream to bond the fiber web together and impart a pattern to the resulting fabric. Here, staple fibers (e.g. cotton) are formed into a dry laid web, by carding operation. This web is then passed through a high-pressure liquid stream, which in turn entangles the staple fibers, forming the non-woven fabric.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.375883
Retrieved Text: v. t. 1. To bring together; to collect into a mass or sum. "The aggregated soil."
2. To add or unite, as, a person, to an association.
It is many times hard to discern to which of the two sorts, the good or the bad, a man ought to be aggregated.
3. To amount in the aggregate to; as, ten loads, aggregating five hundred bushels.
a. 1. Formed by a collection of particulars into a whole mass or sum; collective.
The aggregate testimony of many hundreds.
2. (Anat.) Formed into clusters or groups of lobules; as, aggregate glands.
3. (Bot.) Composed of several florets within a common involucre, as in the daisy; or of several carpels formed from one flower, as in the raspberry.
4. (Min. & Geol.) Having the several component parts adherent to each other only to such a degree as to be separable by mechanical means.
5. (Zool.) United into a common organized mass; - said of certain compound animals.
n. 1. A mass, assemblage, or sum of particulars; as, a house is an aggregate of stone, brick, timber, etc.
2. (Physics) A mass formed by the union of homogeneous particles; - in distinction from a compound, formed by the union of heterogeneous particles.
Adj. 1. aggregate - gathered or tending to gather into a mass or whole; "aggregate expenses include expenses of all divisions combined for the entire year"; "the aggregated amount of indebtedness"
2. aggregate - formed of separate units in a cluster; "raspberries are aggregate fruits"
AGGREGATE. A collection of particular persons or items, formed into one body; as a corporation aggregate, which is

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.36398
Retrieved Text: Accumulation of material from cliff erosion 5%, offshore sea bed 5%, rivers 90% (suspended/bed load from river mouths).
Small particles are compact so little percolation during backwash, little energy is lost to friction so material is carried back down beach, forming a gentle gradient.
Swash is stronger than backwash (rapid percolation in large airspaces), creates steep beaches as there's a net movement of shingle onshore that stays at the top.
How is a ridge/storm beach formed?
Storm waves hurl pebbles/cobbles to back of beach.
What is a berm and how is it formed?
A smaller ridge, develop at mean HTM because of deposition at top of swash.
What is a cusp and how is it formed?
Regular arc pattern of sed, semi-circular depressions. Formed by lots of waves reaching same point and when swash/backwash have similar strengths.
What do beach profiles do?
Respond to changes in wind strength/wave energy, with an equilibrium profile (balance between erosion/depo).
What do high energy waves do?
Destructive, move sed offshore, create flatter profiles resulting in shallower water, more friction, less energy.
What do low energy waves do?
Constructive, sed moved onshore forming steeper profiles with deeper water, less friction, more energy.
What are spits and how are they formed?
estuary). Formed by LSD in one dominant direction. Sheltered area behind has less wave energy, so more deposition (salt tolerant veg may colonise, a salt marsh).
NE dominant wind/waves, so LSD from N to S. Formed across estuary of River Ore, grows parallel to the coast.
Spit that grows all the way across an indentation so it joins the land on the other side. Lagoon of water formed on

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.354896
Retrieved Text: Florida Death Metal is considered to be one of the main origins of Death Metal starting with the band Death. The Florida Death Metal scene is one of the largest and most well known in the genre. Bands include Morbid Angel, Cannibal Corpse, Obituary, Deicide and is also home of the the well recognized Morrisound Studios and producer Scott Burns who are credited for being instrumental in the creation of the Death Metal sound.
Florida is known as being the first Death Metal scene in the United States and is one of the original origins of the US Death Metal sound and Death Metal in general. Today, Florida remains a top Death Metal scene and many bands from the origins of Death Metal are still active from Florida.
Update: This Page Is Still In Development, expanded band bio's will be added later. Check out our favorite album list at bottom of page.
Death was formed in Orlando Florida in 1983 by guitarist and vocalist Chuck Schuldiner. Death is one of the most influential bands in Death Metal and an originator in the genre.
Their album Scream Bloody Gore is considered by some to be the first actual Death Metal Album.
The band played until Chuck Schuldiner died in 2001.
Obituary is from Tampa Florida and formed in 1984 and originally went by the name Xecutioner and changed their name to Obituary in 1988.
Obituary continue to tour and release albums and have released ten studio albums to date.
Formed in 1983 by only remaining member Trey Azagthoth, Dallas Ward and Mike Browning (Nocturnus) Morbid

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.344251
Retrieved Text: This blog post is the third post in the series 'Derivation in Nepali'. In the previous posts (An Introduction to Derivation in Nepali and Derivation in Nepali: Affixation), we gave a brief introduction to derivations in Nepali and discussed the process of affixation. In the blog post, we'll be discussing another common process of word formation due to derivation call compounding.
Compounding is the process of word formation in which two or more words combine to form new words. A word formed due to compounding is called a compound word (समस्त शब्द) and contains more than on root/stem.
A determinative compound is formed when the first word loses its case marker (विभक्ति चिन्ह) when combining with the second root. Such compounds express the meaning of the second root and the meaning of the first word is lost in the process. There are six types of determinative compounds, all of which are listed and described in Table 1.
When a numeral adjective (सङ्ख्यावाचक विशेषण) and collective noun (समूहवाचक नाम) combine, a numeral compound is formed. Some of such compounds are given in Table 2.
All the independent words forming an appositional compound have equal importance. Types and example of appositional compounds are given in Tabel 3.
An adverbial compound is usually an indeclinable word (अव्यय) formed when two indeclinable words or any other words combine. Some of such compounds are listed in Table 4.
An attributive compound is an adjective, which is formed when two or more words combine. An attributive compound expresses a new meaning, which is different from that of the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.332961
Retrieved Text: Aniakchak Caldera formed during an enormous explosive eruption that expelled more than 50 km 3 of magma about 3,450 years ago. The caldera is 10 km in diameter and 500-1,000 m deep. Subsequent eruptions formed domes, cinder cones, and explosion pits on the caldera floor.
A caldera is a large, usually circular depression at the summit of a volcano formed when magma is withdrawn or erupted from a shallow underground magma reservoir. The removal of large volumes of magma may result in loss of structural support for the overlying rock, thereby leading to collapse of the ground and formation of a large depression. Calderas are different from craters, which are smaller, circular depressions created primarily by explosive excavation of rock during eruptions. .
Snow-covered Moku`aweoweo Caldera atop Mauna Loa shield volcano (Mauna Kea in background). The caldera is 3 x 5 km across, 183 m deep, and is estimated to have collapsed between 600-750 years ago. Several pit craters along the upper southwest rift zone of Mauna Loa (lower right) also formed by collapse of the ground. For more information about the world's largest volcano, see Mauna Loa Volcano from the USGS Hawaiian Volcano Observatory.
This lake-filled caldera formed atop a former stratovolcano (note remnant of upper part of older cone at right center). The caldera formed about 1,100 years ago and is 2.5 km in diameter. The prominent peninsula and small island consists of lava domes erupted after the caldera formed.
Aerial view, looking southwest, of Ugashik caldera. The caldera is 5 km in diameter and is partially filled

================



======= Instance Index 3508 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Protonemas develop into what?" and the following answer choices: 
- alveoli
 - ferns
 - lmestone
 - disease
 - illness
 - parasites
 - gas
 - spores

Now knowing that flowers produce spores that develop into gametophytes and gametophytes arise from a protonema, choose the best answer.

Target Text: spores

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.056273
Retrieved Text: Git-flow is a methodology for using git, and a git extension that streamlines it. Here's what you need to know.
There are two branches that last forever.
master: Every commit on master is a release version. Every commit is tagged with its version number. Before code is merged into master, it's been through all testing and is ready for prod. If you automate production deployment, it'll work off the master branch.
develop: Work happens on the develop branch. Small changes are direct commits here. Features will be merged in here. develop is always ready for new functionality.
There are three species of branches that come and go. First, let's take a look at how code gets from develop to master.
release: When the app is feature-complete and ready to release to test, it's time for a release branch. The release branch is named release/versionNumber. Release branches start from develop. Once a release branch is created, develop represents the next version of the app, while the release branch holds the version under test. Commit any fixes to the release branch.
When testing is complete, finish the release. The release branch is merged into master (and develop, so the fixes get into the next version). Goodbye, release branch. Your commits will remain in our tree forever, but your name is no longer needed.
The next mortal branch is familiar to git developers, even renegades like us who have been committing to master for a year.
Finishing a feature merges back these commits back into develop. The feature branch is deleted, but the commits are still grouped.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.910797
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between pluripotent and totipotent cells?
Both develop into specialized cells.Then how are they different?
Totipotent cells can differentiate into three germ layers (endoderm, mesoderm, or ectoderm), into cells of the cytotrophoblast layer or syncytiotrophoblast layer of the placenta.
Pluripotent cells can differentiate into the three germ layers (endoderm, mesoderm, or ectoderm).
So totipotent cells develop into the all the cells of the embryonic body and fetal side of the placenta. While pluripotent cells can only develop into cells of the embryonic body.
How similar are Circulating Tumor Cells and Cancer Stem Cells?
How are different types of cells created from zygote?
Why are embryonic germ cells considered stem cells?
How do stem cells produce 200 billion new blood cells every day? Does 1 stem cell division result in production of just 1 blood cell or many?
In induced pluripotency experiments, what happens to the cells that do not become pluripotent?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.609217
Retrieved Text: The following is the SQ3R formula, adapted from FP Robinson's Effective Study, that will help improve your understanding, recall and retention of textbook material.
S = Survey the pages you plan to read.
Q = Question what you intend to take from your study session.
R3 = Read, Recall, and Review.
Before reading your text, get a general idea of the main themes, topics and concepts by skimming through the text or chapters. Identify and read the chapter headings, subheadings or introductions. Notice any graphics, such as charts, maps or other diagrams. Read the chapter summaries and conclusions. Try to develop an idea of what the author is going to say and communicate.
Surveying the text provides your reading with focus and direction.
Helps you develop an idea of what you'll be reading.
Allows you to anticipate the text.
As you survey the text, turn chapter headings and subheadings into questions. For example, the heading "Causes of World War II" changes to "What are the primary factors that led World War II?" Turning chapter headings and subheadings into questions provides direction for your reading and keeps you engaged. When your mind is actively search for answers as you read, you stay engaged.
Write out the questions you develop from chapter headings.
Examine the questions to find the direction of the text.
Try to develop plausible answers to these question before reading.
Attempt to answer these questions as you read.
Now that you've surveyed the text and developed a set of questions, read the text paying close attention to the direction of the text keeping in mind the information you

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.601447
Retrieved Text: Coursebooks and other teaching materials which are used nowadays in the foreign language classroom are primarily designed to facilitate foreign language learning, but they cannot simply do that since language learning is inseparable from its cultural context. For that reason, it is usually expected that foreign language (FL) teaching materials (TM) that language teachers select should include elements of the target language culture. The extent and ways of incorporating cultural aspects in foreign language instruction vary in different teaching materials, and therefore it is important for the FL teacher to know what to look for in a particular language textbook in order to decide if it is suitable for attaining the aforementioned goals. It seems that language teachers are often unaware of the cultural “richness” of the target language culture and the possible benefits it brings to students. This chapter investigates the role of culture in FL instruction in terms of the cultural content of the TM used in secondary education as well as the teachers’ awareness of the cultural content of the coursebooks they select and later use with their learners.
2. To what extent do the aims and goals of the TM correspond to the needs and goals of the students?
4. To what extent is the goal of the cultural instruction stated?
1. To what extent do the TM reflect the cultural character of the foreign society?
2. To what extent is the cultural content integrated in the course?
1. To what extent is the historical perspective present to explain the national identity of the target language culture(s)?
2.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.5529995
Retrieved Text: By Unlocking The Power Of Your Mind, Anyone Can Start To Successfully Develop Precognition Powers!
Do you want to develop precognition powers?
The word 'Clairvoyance' encompasses all of the extra sensory perception (esp) powers of which precognition is one of the most interesting and often talked about areas of the paranormal.
Those who decide to develop and use clairvoyance powers are said to be using an extra sense that the rest of us do not possess. This sense enhances their knowledge giving them a window into the future and past and allowing them to see and hear events before they happen or in some cases to look at events that happened in the past.
How do you develop clairvoyance powers?
A very few individuals develop clairvoyance through a near death experience or some deep spiritual awakening. The rest of us however must learn by being willing to put in some practice!
But how can anyone with no previous training learn how to develop precognition powers?
These are the most powerful tracks which by using a unique combination of subliminal and audible affirmations helps your subconscious mind to access the parts needed for you to be able to use your powers of clairvoyance and precognition.
Develop Precognition have always been shrouded in a lot of mystery and it is no surprise. People who are clairvoyant have been given a special gift that confuses and sometimes scares others who have no paranormal powers. Why? Because those with clairvoyance have knowledge of the unknown and those without powers can resent their ability to see into the past,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.513616
Retrieved Text: The BTEC Award in Enterprise / Business has been designed to develop student’s business skills through practical, skills-based learning.
Assessment is through task-based assignments so students can demonstrate their knowledge and skills in work-related scenarios.
Students will explore, develop and apply their knowledge helping to develop key transferable skills such as research and data analysis to support their progression to further learning and the workplace.
We encourage students to explore the world of business and what makes or breaks an enterprise.
KS4: The course is made up of three components: two internally assessed and one that’s externally assessed. Our three-block structure, explore, develop and apply, has been developed to allow students to build on and embed their knowledge. This allows them to grow in confidence and then put into practice what they have learned. Our assessment structure is also designed so that students can build on what they learn, and develop their assignment skills, as they move through the course.
KS4: Homework is given out during the exam periods.
Business Studies visits to Leeds to investigate the business environment.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.510952
Retrieved Text: This course offers insights into the API economy and how it works. Who are the players? What are their interests? We look into the role of APIs in digital products, study the properties of good APIs. How can an API complement an existing product? How can you develop digital products with an API-first approach? This course teaches a methodology for creating digital products and APIs that have a good chance of growing into a scalable business. We use design thinking to discover and make use of the hidden needs of future customers. We develop the value proposition of the API based on insights from the market and from customers. We then develop a series of potential business models for the API and the digital product. To develop this series, we use several business model blueprints and API pricing models. This course teaches how APIs can become a part of your digital products.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.490388
Retrieved Text: Autism has notoriously been approached with a deficit model. The strong focus on treating the deficits leads to a lack of recognition for the strengths and gifts that the child possesses. The diagnostic criteria for autism are almost entirely based on deficits and symptoms that comes with negative connotations. As a result, the support we end up providing is often driving the child to change and mold into a model that is ill-fitting of their nature. By constantly placing the child into a mold measuring their deficits, they are led to feel inadequate, insecure, and anxious. Rather than concentrating on who the child is and helping them develop the strengths that they have, we often end up focusing on what they are not as well as what we would like them to be. We think that we can “cure” their autism by changing their actions and behavior.
It should be recognized that each child has unique strengths and weakness, talents, and interests. We cannot try to suppress their nature which is what happens when we focus on their weaknesses rather than their strengths. If we focus on the later, we are able to help them improve their self-esteem and gain confidence.
Children have the desire to feel accepted, safe, and competent. Human beings are all motivated by mastery and success in activities that develop our interests, strengths, and efficiency. Children grow and develop when they feel that they’re valued for who there are. Consequently, it is vital to recognize and work to develop a child’s interests and strengths,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.431332
Retrieved Text: Health, phew! That’s a word that means thousands of things and it’s relevance to you listening or reading what I’m saying.
I had an autoimmune type stroke 4 years ago and it was the most empowering moment of my life. It gave me strength in all aspects of my life. That’s a long story about how that came about. If you like to know, please, message me.
There is a percentage, in the influence of our mindset to how we get affected by the dis-eases we develop.
Dis-Ease – ”having no Ease”.
With any illness you develop, it’s a sign of an imbalance in the body.
If you find out what’s happening in your life at the time or even previous to the time, when you get or fall ill, you’ll be able to pinpoint exactly what it is.
It’s a way of healing yourself.
The most important reason, why you need to hel away from it, is, so it doesn’t develop to anything more serious than an illness – a disease.
The Soul, your within and your Physical body, are two, they work with each other.
It’s up to you what part you’ll like to develop more into and what part you don’t.
If you ask me, I’ll say, develop your SOUL.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.404848
Retrieved Text: organisation for the changes ahead.
An innovation strategy to provide sufficient new business models, products and services.
We will create profitable growth for your organisation by generating, selecting and implementing ideas.
We will build the widespread cultural expectation of embracing the process of creating innovative ideas, create a constant flow and industrial scale of relevant quality ideas.
We will build their capability to encourage, develop, coach and support staff on how to develop relevant ideas into a strong business case.
We can ensure the innovation programme has momentum and stays fresh over the years and develop the criteria for a successful portfolio of ideas that shape the future you want.
Developing chosen ideas and the business case before stepping into an incubator to test ideas so that we can understand the elements before we go larger scale.
The value we deliver: We will create profitable growth for your organisation by generating, selecting and implementing ideas.
All teams will be involved in: Developing chosen ideas and the business case before stepping into an incubator to test ideas so that we can understand the elements before we go larger scale.
We can use the Think 5 step process to scope existing capabilities that enables us to design, implement and evaluate your innovation programme.
What are management's Business Objectives and strategic challenges?
What are management's objectives for this project?
Are there certain parameters or other requirements for this analysis?
What is the company's current Innovation Strategy and plan?
What is the company's rationale for innovation? What is driving its need for innovation?
What are the company's current organisational structures, processes, key perfomance indicators, partner

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.395254
Retrieved Text: The position of Marketing Director for BD Interventional’s Peripheral Intervention division. This position reports to the VP Marketing & Business Development EMEA. The job can be based from any of BD European offices and travel time of approximately 60% can be expected.
The main objective of this position is to develop and implement the marketing strategies that will enable the Peripheral Intervention business to exceed its sales goals.
Translate strategies into goals into commercialization tactics. Develop, lead and execute marketing plans required to continue to build and expand the product portfolio.
Develop and drive the implementation plans required to support product and program launches and achieve desired NPL results (using GPL processes and tools). Direction provided has a direct impact on the achievement of the cluster/in-country revenue results.
Develop and implement innovative promotional material/sales tools, demand generation and integrative marketing campaigns that support and communicate the value proposition specific market segment.
Responsible for post NPL reviews to understand what worked, what didn’t and how things can be improved.
Work in direct collaboration with Upstream Marketing, Business Development and Sales to develop and implement a strong commercialization strategy around the product portfolio.
Champions communications and activities around competitive intelligence and promotion of understanding of competitive tactics.
Pricing maintenance and management, implementing the guidance from upstream marketing by working with the relevant sales leaders, key account managers and tender team to implement and monitor the pricing strategy.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.372098
Retrieved Text: With finance professionals expected to increasingly add tangible value to their businesses finance managers – CFO’s, Finance Directors and Finance Controllers are challenged with building the most effective finance teams.
•	How should they go about this task?
•	What skills and competencies should they seek to develop among their teams?
•	How should they build effective business partnering?
•	How should they measure the effectiveness of their teams?
This training workshop is compiled based on research conducted by a major global accounting body into what the expectations of organisational business leaders are of their finance professionals and finance teams.
The next generation of finance professionals cannot rely on their technical finance skills alone.
Our presenter has delivered programs on Transforming Finance and also Business Partnering across Australia and New Zealand and in other global locations. This program is a capstone which shows how those outcomes can be achieved.
Building an Effective Finance Team is a workshop not only for senior finance professionals who must lead the development of their teams but also for other finance professionals who need to know what skills they need to develop if they are to move up the ladder.
It will help develop skills matrices and development templates for finance professionals to develop into value adding business partners.
We always use lots of exercises, case studies and real life examples in our training as we believe this really helps our clients to understand concepts.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.326292
Retrieved Text: Having trouble putting into words what you want, what you need, or what you do? We produce content across a variety of written formats including web copy, blogs, and long form content.
Have an event that you need to promote with a flyer, a poster, or a series of origami farm animals? We create eye-catching content for a variety of physical and digital purposes.
Want to use photos, videos, and audio to tell your story? We can help you plan, produce and promote the sort of digital content that will endear you to your customers and distinguish you from the competition.
Not every organization has the time, skill, or energy to develop and maintain the content that makes their digital world go round.
There’s a lot that goes into a content strategy and even more that goes into executing it.
Let us help you develop the images, videos, audio and written word that defines you, your business, and your customers.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.318287
Retrieved Text: Este módulo introduce la estructura del curso y las estrategias para el éxito. Este módulo presenta múltiples definiciones de innovación, cada una ilustrada por ejemplos concretos y explicaciones y enfatizan cinco áreas importantes.
Today's presentation is on the topic of open innovation.
who are some of the key scholars in this place.
coming up with theories around the topic of open innovation.
And so this is one of the ways by which Chesbrough defines open innovation.
He refers to it as, the use of purposive inflows and outflows of knowledge.
So let me explain this a little bit.
new technological ideas those get transferred into products.
So it happens very often internally.
D, look outside the company to find new ideas, to find new knowledge.
expand the markets for external use of innovation, respectively.
more markets for externalizing that innovation.
that have led to this, and what are some of the advantages of open innovation.
let's quickly look at what closed innovation would mean.
It's often thought of as primarily technological innovation.
just to give a quick map of how this is happen.
D group within the organization, this is where some of the new work happen.
they come up with new ideas.
They develop those into innovations.
products and services, these new products and services go out into the market.
the goal is to create more sales and therefore more profits.
that then feeds back into the organization to create more revenue for R and D.
So if you look at this loop, it's primarily an internal loop.
D activities so that they can come up with new innovations for the future.
sort of the model that has existed

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.308184
Retrieved Text: "Our courses are designed to help hightly motivated individuals to develop a real passion for Homeopathy"
The Homeopathy College aims to create a friendly, challenging and safe environment to facilitate the evolution of each student into a successful, safe and enthusiastic practitioner.
Our courses are designed to help highly motivated individuals develop a real passion for Homeopathy and train or retrain for a new career.
We believe that homeopathy is an incredibly safe method for helping people to heal. It is safe, fun, interesting and very satisfying at all levels. We encourage our students to discover their own potential and the potential of homeopathy through using it right from the beginning of the course.
The training which enables students to develop into proficient and sensitive Homeopaths.
The nurturing of each student's inner confidence and security, allowing him / her to enjoy putting new found skills into practice.
It is because we emphasise the importance of both these aspects that the vast majority of our students not only graduate but go on to become successful practitioners, taking their skills and knowledge to people throughout the world.
We believe that the most effective way to evaluate Homeopathy is by what it does - by the results it achieves. Our training focuses on the value of what works in practise rather than adherence to any abstract theory.
We apply the same principle to ourselves. Our College and courses are constantly evolving and improving. We listen to the views of our students, graduates and lecturers to discover what works and what we need to change.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.277962
Retrieved Text: Question 1 – Favourite Part Of A Project?
Question 2 – Worst Part Of A Project?
Question 3 – What Inspired You To Get Into Your Area?
Question 4 – How Do You Continue To Develop Your Expertise?
Question 5 – What Is Your Area Of Expertise?
Question 6 – What Support Do You Get To Develop?
Question 7 – What’s Your Aim When Starting A Project?
Question 8 – What Kind Of Environment Is Blue Whale Media?
Question 9 – If You Could Change One Thing About Blue Whale Media, What Would It Be?
Question 10 – Which Is Your Favourite Blue Whale Media Dog?
They are all mine so I can’t answer that!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.238958
Retrieved Text: Well... some1 could make an RFC about that. Anyway, there's already a mod made for that same thing.
Why would it be a separate RFC? Thats what this RFC is about... And I was making a suggestion for the front-end implementation of it.
Seeing as the general consensus (so far) in the topic seems to be to lock posts, you pointed out when locking the post isn't a good idea and I made an additional suggestion on how that could be fixed. Thats what RFC's are for.
The reason I think it could be better in the core (and not as a MOD) is because I think its useful for the majority of board users, not a minority. But the configurable option would give board admin a choice if they are, for example, a support board to disable this behaviour without code edits. The only cons against a config option is the fact we are adding another config option and the fact that it would now require changes to the database (adding a config record) and a query on the page.
I may do that among the rest of the RFC I was intending to do.
But, because I didn't plan that, I'll need to know where that option should appear. Any suggestions?
I'll finish the RFC as stated in the OP post first, anyway. If it keeps going at the speed it is going until now, it'll be ready by Friday .
Kay... All files needed to be changed are changed, and some mild tests are completed (all tests I could remember

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.234597
Retrieved Text: Templewood Primary School - What is SMART School Council?
What is a SMART School Council?
Become more democratic than a traditional school council.
Class meetings: Short, regular, structured and student-led meetings in every class / tutor group across the school.
Action teams: Any student can set up an action team based on an idea or issue that they have.
Communication team: Brings the whole model together, facilitates wide involvement and tracks it.
What are the aims of the model?
The key aim of the model is to help students develop into active, democratic citizens.
It’s essential that that children and young people develop a wide set of skills for learning and life. Skills that can support their academic achievement, and enable them to thrive. The Smart School Councils model is a good way to support this development; it opens out involvement to all students in the school and provides a clear structure for skills development and participation.
What are the learning outcomes for your students?
Helping young people to develop their negotiation and compromise skills.
Helping young people to develop political literacy and increase their democratic engagement.
Helping young people to become better leaders.
Helping young people be better prepared for life and work after school.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.188318
Retrieved Text: What have you been enthusiastic about in the past? What has set your soul on fire?
You may have loved travelling to watch music gigs, fixing car engines, going dancing, studying maps, solving particular problems, testing yourself when tackling certain challenges or whatever.
What knowledge did you gain from translating the enthusiasm into action? What skills did you develop when pursuing this passion?
You may have learned how to gather information, navigate your way through new territory, make decisions, become more savvy or whatever.
Describe the specific things you have been enthusiastic about in the past.
Describe the specific things you did to translate these enthusiasms into action.
Describe the specific benefits of translating these into action.
Today many educational programmes are helping young people to channel their enthusiasm. They are encouraging them to do projects they find relevant and rewarding. Tackling such projects also enables the students to develop their resilience and produce concrete results.
Some schools are including such projects to help young people develop what are now called 21st Century Skills. These are Critical Thinking, Creativity, Collaboration and Communication.
The Expeditionary Learning approach is one such venture that taps into young people’s positive energy. Here is an introduction to its work. You can discover more via the following link.
Looking at your own life and work, what are the things you are enthusiastic about at the moment? Looking ahead, what might capture your enthusiasm in the future?
Many people engage in long-standing or new pursuits as they get older. They return to playing the guitar, singing in a choir, acting on stage, nurturing their

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.16249
Retrieved Text: Many kidney disease patients may ask their doctor that weather we can use steroid based medicine? will my kidney disease develop into uremia? How long will it take to uremia?
Some patients do not have to use steroid medicine, such as 24 hour protein urine less than 1g, chronic interstitial nephritis, invalid medicine after 4 weeks using.
So, it is a clear message that not every kidney disease need steroid medicine.
2. Will kidney disease develop into uremia?
Those kidney diseases which develop into uremia is uncontrolled, with serious complications, and lack of self management one. There are many patients once they feel better, they ignore the doctor’s words and reduce medicines on their own, and stay up late, eat what they want. If living in this way, even you have no kidney disease, you will have one, let along kidney disease patients. So, following doctor’s direction and do what is necessary without any delay.
It is the last choice for kidney disease patients, and most used in kidney failure stage with severe complications which include heart disease, blood vessel disease, and sometime immune system disorder. There is dialysis left for you. And sometimes, combined with natural treatment, Toxin-Removing Therapy, maybe you can get rid of dialysis and your creatinine level can be controlled in a safe level.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.1415825
Retrieved Text: Participants in the 'Building Better Business' training will challenge their existing thoughts and behaviours to develop a success-oriented approach to their business development activities. During the workshop participants will gain an understanding of the consultative sales approach, and how to bring excellence and effectiveness to each aspect of this process. Participants will develop insight into building business relationships, and presenting solutions and benefits to satisfy their clients' needs.
The program also enquires into how to generate client loyalty, to delight clients with service excellence, and enjoy greater satisfaction and reward as a consultant.
This workshop is valuable to all recruitment consultants and account managers who would like to increase their sales results and maximise the effectiveness of their marketing activities. The course is particularly beneficial to people new to the business development aspect of recruitment consulting or account management (up to 18 months experience). Participants will find their effectiveness and confidence is enhanced significantly as a result of attending this workshop.
The principles and practices apply equally to consultants and account managers recruiting in the field of permanent (junior to executive), temporary and contract staff.
Recognise how influential your behaviours are on the client's decisions.
Discover how to make your client communication 'client focussed'.
Learn a variety of questioning styles, and understand the benefits of asking questions in client development.
Consider what motivates clients, and their 'purchasing decisions', and understand the power of 'speaking their language'.
Employ empathetic listening to understand the client's needs and establish a mutually beneficial partnership.
Discover behaviours to develop rapport with clients.
Understand what it takes to generate a relationship of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.138214
Retrieved Text: It takes commitment and patience to instill sustainability practices into a company when the business environment is focused on quick returns.
But, for those of you that are pioneers and want to take the road less traveled, CIELO can help you develop a sustainability strategy and implementation plan that is adaptable to your business size and provides measurable triple- bottom impact (people, planet and profit).
What are the company operations that cause the most damage socially and environmentally that we can improve? Don’t forget economic impact.
What would it take to make substantial improvement?
What are you willing to do based on the understanding of your business and culture?
Prepare: Develop a plan that defines methodology and best management practices.
Implement: Integrate sustainability in the company values and in the measuring mechanisms. Develop a whole systems approach that includes operations, supply chain, human resources, and markets.
Monitor: Gather data results based on performance indicators.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.128544
Retrieved Text: I’ve over 20 years’ experience in working in kitchens with a sound knowledge of management skills to develop your kitchen.
I’m here to help you bring the best out of your kitchen and help develop your kitchen into a smooth-running order of success.
I can help with all aspects of your kitchen management and analyse your kitchen in productivity food safety and hygiene, training and making a profit.
I’ll look at costing skill and staff accreditation to see how best to develop.
I’ll work alongside your current team guiding motivating and doing what is necessary to bring happiness into cooking.
Teach staff how to maintain a 5* food rating.
I believe a kitchen should be a fun disciplined environment were achievement is your success.
Short and long-term contracts will be undertaking depending on task in hand.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.127572
Retrieved Text: Thanks to our partnership with explore.org we are excited to invite you to take a candid look inside the world of Service Dogs. Get a sneak peek at just what goes into the making of a Service Dog.
ECAD purposefully whelps 3 to 4 litters a year with the sole intent of placing them as Service Dogs. Now you can watch them grow, learn, and play here at our campus day after day.
Mark your calendars, Tuesday's just got a little bit better.
Each Tuesday you can watch (and interact with!) the Canine Instructors as they teach Service Dogs-in-Training the foundational skills that will develop into more advanced skills to help people living with disabilities one day. You'll observe, learn and ask questions of the ECAD Team by chatting online with them in the comments.
Tune in Tuesdays to see what happens at ECAD and how these dogs develop into Service Dogs before your eyes!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.11696
Retrieved Text: What do you think about when you hear the words marketing collateral? Flyers, business cards, websites? If so than you are on the right track. Marketing collateral is all the things you use to get your brand noticed by your audience. What marketing collateral does your small business need?
Whether you are starting a new small business or trying to grow your business, you will need to learn how to develop your products. What should you do to get your great idea off the drawing board and into the hands of your customers? Here are eight steps on how to develop a great product.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.080387
Retrieved Text: Exciting learning experiences, every day.
The months that make up the toddler period are full of wonder and sometimes frustration for parents as our stationary babies grown into exploring, expressive little people. Their physical and cognitive development is fascinating to watch and challenging to channel into appropriate creativity. Our toddler program provides an active learning environment which allows hands-on experiences with language development, people, art, and music. All the activities are designed for the learning and exploration that children at this age thirst for. We help boost self-esteem by encouraging our toddlers to try new things and to discover that they can accomplish many tasks. We utilize the best in early childhood educational theories to encourage children to learn by doing so they grow into self-confident pre-schoolers.
It is important to remember that not all children develop at the same rate. Some may develop verbally far sooner than physically while others may have a major league arm but not be able to express verbally themselves well yet. Be patient and if you are concerned, speak to your pediatrician. We offer opportunities for children to explore and develop their natural talents as well try new things in a supportive environment.
We’ve put together a basic guide of milestones your child will reach during this period and as long as they are meeting some don’t worry too much about the others, they’ll get there. We’ll keep you informed about what your child is doing so you will know what to look for when you get home and get time to enjoy

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.07933
Retrieved Text: Glad to hear your progressing with your exploration of the dual identity of bilingual or multilingual people.
I’m curious about the possible types of representation of your data you might be able to develop here. Since the concept of identity is harder to visualize, what types of ways might you try to encode your data into a fashion in which those expressions of your multiple language identities can be represented? Charts and graphics are certainly a possibility, but you might consider to explore some other aesthetics as well.
Just as food for thought, what might it look like for you to develop methods of automating or triggering your code switching moments? Would that be a helpful or problematic? In what ways might you also build moments that trigger your switching into your other language – does geography matter? Do you tend to speak in korean when you’re angry? How does your intonation change between languages? How might those tonal changes be read differently across languages?
I’m definitely curious to see what you learn about your behaviors!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.070781
Retrieved Text: This enlightening course on Personal Branding will not only help you discover your unique identity, but also help you to clearly articulate that identity.
You have something to offer. The world needs what you’ve got!
Wendy Walters has an exceptional ability to help others develop their natural gifts and skills and step into a more fulfilling vocation or launch a business. Working through this course will help you create language to pinpoint your passion and communicate your mission. You will be equipped to develop your own personal brand standard, create a tagline, form a logo, fashion products from your intellectual property or skills and generate a strategic launch plan.
There is even a FREE Bonus Session for those desiring to step into professional speaking, coaching, or consulting.
This personal branding process has helped hundreds find clarity and confidence, giving them the tools needed to step into the next phase of destiny. Take this course and you too will discover, define, develop, and declare your unique identity!
Copyright © 2012-2019 Palm Tree Productions. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.053473
Retrieved Text: How do prematurely born infants develop? What is the impact of bullying, parental divorce, or the serious illness or death of a parent on the development of a child? What happens when children become juvenile delinquents ?
The Department of Clinical Child & Family Studies carries out research into these and other challenges. In doing so, it aims to support parents raising their children, to obtain answers that may be incorporated into municipal policy, to develop and optimize diagnostic tools such as questionnaires and tests, to elaborate early prevention and treatment programmes, and to study their effectiveness.
Not satisfied with your body because of social media?
A warm relationship with your mother can help.
How do prematurely born children grow up?
A research on prematurely born babies. Every year, that makes up 12,000 babies in the Netherlands.
Behavioural similarities between humans and animals.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.051494
Retrieved Text: The Content Marketing Studio brings you a weekly look at how to improve your content and find your voice. The sixteenth episode shows us how to discover your brand identity with our special guest Helen Barlow.
Helen provides an insight into creating a brand for your business and helps us, as small business owners, to develop an approach to develop a brand and identity that customers will understand and engage with.
Helen reveals why it is so important to understand your customers’ views and perceptions which will influence on how your brand should feel and look like. Following this key step, we then look at what a brand is, steps to discover your identity, how to avoid some common pitfalls and explains why you may need to use a professional.
Helen also reveals some tips on developing a brand on a budget and how to develop some brand guidelines as well as providing some free tools to use.
Thanks again to Helen for sharing her views and tips to help us all gain an insight into the importance of building a brand.
Leon Howe founder and owner Enterprise Know Howe is a happy, helpful chap with nearly 20 years experience delivering business support with a wide client base in the North East. SFEDI Accredited and always up for a new challenge to help you achieve what you want to achieve in your enterprise. I help develop a grow social enterprises, businesses and innovations across Tyne & Wear, Northumberland and Durham.

================



======= Instance Index 334 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What do ancathostega have four of?" and the following answer choices: 
- Eggs
 - feet
 - Wings
 - alveoli
 - Lungs
 - ovaries
 - rings
 - Limbs

Now knowing that amphibians are the first true tetrapods, or vertebrates with four limbs and ancathostega is one of the earliest tetrapods found, and by far the most complete, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Limbs

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.381168
Retrieved Text: Hi! Welcome back. So right now we want to learn about addition and subtraction for numbers in standard form.
For numbers having the same exponent, they can be added or subtracted in standard form. So how can this be done? It can be done simply by adding and subtracting the mantissas and then keep the exponent the same. Let?s look at some examples of how we can do this.
Two point six times ten raised to the power of four, plus four point three raised to the power of four. I?ve mentioned to you that if the standard form numbers have the same exponent then we can perform the addition. So first what we do is we check if they have the same exponent. So, the first number over here, ten power of four? ten power four. Since they have the same exponent, what we can do is we add up the mantissas, but we keep the exponent the same. So, two point six, plus four point three. Since we are keeping the exponent, so we have times ten raised to the power of four. Two point six plus four point three we get six point nine times ten power four. Alright.
Now, what if we have eight point three times ten raised to the power of negative three, minus two point eight times ten raised to power of negative three. Let?s check if they have the same exponent. Ten power negative three, ten power negative three. They have the same exponent. Therefore, but we must check if it

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.25481
Retrieved Text: Every Olympic athlete knows exactly what they want. Their goals, dreams and aspirations are extremely clear. They know exactly when they will achieve it and they know exactly how to do it.
The Olympics come around every four years. There is a ton of divide in our country and many others, but it’s that one time where your country comes together as one, to cheer on one flag. It’s the time of year you watch way too many hours of TV and of sports that you haven’t watched in the last four years.
We become experts in judging high divers even though we have never jumped head first from 33 feet up like they are. We also get upset when our favorite gymnast moves that one foot six inches off the landing after doing three consecutive flips each with three to four turns in the air. But hey, we’ve been watching this sport for at least three hours. We are experts at this point!
We have been waiting all summer or all fall to be able to watch the opening ceremonies from our comfy couch with a big bowl of popcorn. We see that first commercial about four months out and we get chills just thinking about it. We spend four months thinking about the coming Olympics with no preparation, but these athletes have been training their whole lives for this ceremony.
What if we knew exactly what we wanted, knew exactly how to get it and even knew the time frame on when we could receive it?
We can and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.189262
Retrieved Text: A complete list of Quick Spell Candles – If you already know what you want or are in a hurry, this is a great way to get your shopping done!
You have a special spirit within you. Activate this spirit and feel in touch with your spiritual side and your connection to all things. Blue Candle: 6" candle (3/4" in diameter) comes wrapped with instructions and burns for about four hours. Instructions include what to write on the candle, what day to burn it and what to do with the left over wax.
Sometimes a person needs a little push. if your adult child needs a push towards living on their own this candle is for you.
Pink Candle: 6" candle (3/4" in diameter) comes wrapped with instructions and burns for about four hours. Instructions include what to write on the candle, what day to burn it and what to do with the left over wax. White Candle: 6" candle (3/4" in diameter) comes wrapped with instructions and burns for about four hours. Instructions include what to write on the candle, what day to burn it and what to do with the left over wax. Pink Candle: 6" candle (3/4" in diameter) comes wrapped with instructions and burns for about four hours. Instructions include what to write on the candle, what day to burn it and what to do with the left over wax.
Create some harmony between you and the In-Laws by asking for them to be more understanding and agreeable, happy and compliant!
Bring energy to your meditations. Helps

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.933721
Retrieved Text: Do you have what it takes? Do your BaZi Four Pillars have what it takes?
If you think you want to be your own boss and run your own business, but are not sure you have the right qualifications to be an entrepreneur. What are the characteristics of an entrepreneur? How does an entrepreneur think? Is your personal profile similar to that of a successful entrepreneur?
These personalities include Self-Control, Self-Confidence, Sense of Urgency, Comprehensive Awareness, Realism, Conceptual Ability, Status Requirements, Interpersonal Relationships and Emotional Stability.
If you think you have all the quality and very sure about it, then you most probably wanted to start your own business. From your BaZi, all the personality can be revealed and many if not all do not have all the above qualification. It does not necessary means that you must have all the qualities before you can start your dream.
Chart 1. His sixth and seventh "Ta Yun 大运" the 10 years luck cycle. There is very strong finance luck in this Ta Yun.
Emperor Chien Lung and his BaZi Four Pillars of Destiny. A BaZi Four Pillars which was full of tao hua.
When he or she has all her Ta Hua 桃花 Peach Blossom stars sitting at her year, month, day, and hour, they live up to the name of 满地桃花 which translated into “Ta Hua all over the places”.
子午卯酉 zi wu mao and you which are the four big Ta Hua stars. According to history, the Emperor Ch'ien-lung 乾隆帝 was born with all four Ta Hua. He has a long list

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.93318
Retrieved Text: As outlined yesterday, I absolutely recommend taking positions in ALL four of the markets shown here. Do not try to pick and choose. Treat them as one unit. Spend the money, about $8200. Forget you own them for 60 days…Really…THEN start checking to see what the results are looking like.
I am pushing hard on this right now as I think we have pretty much gotten past all the financial media BS about “what January means” and many commodity markets are now ready to make some BIG moves…And right or wrong, my very definite opinion is these four markets ALL have immediately explosive potential. Maybe they will all still be here 2-3 weeks from now, but I do not, at all, think this will be the case. I recommend taking all four positions…here and now.
So here they are…with what they cost and where I think they could be heading in coming months…and, of course, what that could mean in real Dollars.
Everybody is bearish but Cotton made new 5 month highs today…?
The whole ag world is roaringly bearish but Soybeans actually made a very big low back in early October…Up 17 cents today and looking like they may be ready to move.
And Feeders look like they are seriously sitting on a cliff…Down 200 points today…I think they are definitely on the verge of accelerating sharply lower.
If all 4 don’t go anywhere, you will lose the entire $8206.
I believe the potential targets I have put on the charts are realistic…from just working a little, to working fairly well…but none

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.907645
Retrieved Text: what is 6.15 in a fraction?
Who is a fan of mathgeek?
what is four times four?
Do you guys have any hobbies?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.903317
Retrieved Text: This week, we are so excited to share Rob's interview with Bestselling Author of numerous books including The Four Tendencies and Co-Host of The Happier Podcast, Gretchen Rubin. Rob and Gretchen dove deep into how she switched from a career in law to become a writer and all about the unique Four Tendencies people have according to their inner and outer expectations: Upholders, Questioners, Obligers, and Rebels.
Why we try to change our tendencies and who we are even though there's absolutely no need to do that.
The fact that 40% of the population are Obligers.
How to make a change in your life without changing your inner nature no matter what tendency you have.
Why Rebels have a "could do" list instead of a to-do or goals list.
What defines an Upholder and why they're so driven to succeed with just a little bit of accountability.
How Gretchen discovered The Four Tendencies by observing people including herself.
What an Obliger Rebellion is and why it can be a beneficial breakthrough for an Obliger.
How the Four Tendencies can overlap for some people.
Gretchen Rubin is one of today’s most influential and thought-provoking observers of happiness and human nature.
She’s the author of many books, including the blockbuster New York Times bestsellers The Four Tendencies, Better Than Before, and The Happiness Project. She has an enormous readership, both in print and online, and her books have sold over 3.5 million copies worldwide.
On her top-ranking podcast Happier with Gretchen Rubin, she discusses happiness and good habits with her sister Elizabeth Craft. (Gretchen is an Upholder, Elizabeth is

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.84555
Retrieved Text: Media filter in attic ac so is a filter needed in the hallway?
Do I still need a filter in the air return in my hallway if I have a five-inch thick media filter in the attic plenum of the AC?
Charlie: Here’s one from Reed in Northwest. Tom, he says, “I just listened to your show and I need some clarification. I have a five-inch thick media filter in the attic plenum for the AC. Do I still need that 1x20x30 filter in the air return in my hallway?
Tom: No you do not. And if you restrict the airflow in an air conditioning system, it can cause more problems than good, so let it flow, let the air go through, and be comfortable with the fact that you have the best filter system on the market, and that of course is that four to five-inch. People have a little different ones, but that media filter is absolutely awesome.
Charlie: Now Rick told us at Absolute Comfort Air when they put our system in, that we should go get what he called a rock catcher. You know, the really cheap one that you can practically see through?
Charlie: And put that in our downstairs returns because of the dogs.
Tom: Oh, the rock catcher and the dogs. Dogs are … you know, it’s funny you say that. Dogs and all kinds of different animals, they do shed so much, people don’t realize the stuff you’re breathing, and eating, and smelling, and there’s so much dander in the air. He’s probably right

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.802298
Retrieved Text: So August 2 will have to do.
And you know what that means. I need to put on my best "behind the barn" cowboy, hillbilly auctioneer duds, cinch in my pants real tight, put on my tightest, most pigeon-toed cowboy boots, inwardly angled is what I mean, get on my best brim, put on a bolo, and saunter out to my pile of junk -- then I'll look down at it with a casual, knowing look, able to appraise, to identify both quality and value, look out over my crowd of bargain-seekers, who also mean me a lot of good will, make small talk with a few of them named Cy and Les, arrange my auctioneer microphone, dangled now around my neck, check with the old guy who's catching calls for me, and make sure everyone's got their bidding number.
"Edith's got hamburgers and baked goods over in the trailer, friends, so in case you get hungry, you know where it's at. Also look around, there's something out here for everyone today.
"We're going to start off with this nice television set. It's a good one. Worked the last time they watched it. What are we going to start off with here? Nice TV. All right, let's get it goin' right now, and what will you give me for it? Do I hear five, five, five, five? Four? Three. We got three! And now four, four, four, four. Four! Sir, we've got four. Five, five? This one's ready to go, barely been used, and it is known to have

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.790857
Retrieved Text: They serve as enzymatic catalysts, they are used to transport molecules and store molecules(genetic code). They are also need more immune protection.
Build structures like hair and nails.
What are some uses of CHO?
What are some examples of monosaccharides?
How to living things use fats?
They provide energy for cells, fat is also part of cell membranes.
How do plants use cellulose?
What does the term saturated mean?
What elements make up nucleic acids?
What is an unsaturated fat and an example?
Be able to identify examples of CHO, lipids, nucleic acids and proteins.
What are the common categories of lipids?
What are the four organic compounds in living things?
What are the components or functional groups of amino acids?
Be sure to review your coloring sheet s and you are able to identify each of the organic compounds and all of the examples that fall into each of the four categories.
Where do the molecules of life come from?
What is different in every amino acids?
What are the three types of carbohydrates?
What are the the monomer of carbohydrates?
What are the four nitrogen bases in RNA?
What is the ratio of carbohydrates?
How many fatty acid tails do phospholipids have?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.769873
Retrieved Text: hi i have been using the ten four for some time now. it is a wonderful browser . today i called my internet service provider (century link) to complain about the slow speed on my system. they cheat the speed from time to time. she had me push command shift delete and adjust the history...... the ten four never worked after that. in addition i had to rebuild the hard drive system. i then installed a fresh copy of the ten four but it will not start up. the header starts but then the force quit monitor tells me that the ten four is not responding. at this point i am at a total loss, have you any ideas?
When you say "Adjust the history" what did you do, exactly, after you pressed Cmd-Shift-Delete? Did you do this in TenFourFox, or in another application?
What do you mean "never worked after that"? What specifically is it doing, or not doing?
Simply deleting the application is sufficient to remove TenFourFox. If you're having other issues, it's not due to the browser.
the changes were made in ten four. they were to delete the history when the program shut down.
i replaced the ten four with the newest version and with two older ones that i had. each time i trashed the former systems so only one was in the system. each version had the same problem. the ten four starts then for a few moments it seems ok; the page never opens and when you check the force quit monitor it tells

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.756711
Retrieved Text: Hold on to your resources. Manage your money and material possessions with care. Do not squander your wealth. Hang on to what you have. Create a safety net.
The Four of Pentacles can also indicate a time where you need to take control of a situation. Take matters into your own hands.
Focus on building security at this time. Structure, stability, order: this is what is needed now.
This card can also indicate a need for boundaries. Protect your heart + your energy. Shields up!
Loosen up your wallet. Splurge a little!
Give what you can. Be generous.
Do you have too many possessions? If so, it may be time to declutter. Clear out your home, get rid of what is no longer necessary, free up your space.
In questions about relationships, the Four of Pentacles reversed might advise to let go. If you are the possessive type, loosen your grip. Better yet: get a grip on yourself!
When do you feel secure? When do you not? What would make you feel secure right now? What steps might you take to create that?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.736099
Retrieved Text: How To Live a Boldly Audacious Life | Are You Being Real?
Ben Nemtin is a co-founder and member of The Buried Life, a group of four friends that have set out to do everything on their bucket list and help others do the same. They have a hit show on MTV, The Buried Life, and a New York Times bestseller, What Do You Want to Do Before You Die? Ben is also the president and producer of Four Peaks Media Group and a TEDx speaker. Join us for an inspiring conversation about how Ben first realized anything was possible and how you can do whatever you want to do if you only put your mind to it.
-What Do You Want to Do Before You Die?
Are you being real about the way you spend your time?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.724416
Retrieved Text: WHAT the HECK is LEAP YEAR?
Monday, February 29th, 2016 at 10:43am.
Why do we have a leap year every four years? A leap year is when an extra day is added to the end of February every four years. It all comes down to the solar system's discrepancy with the Gregorian calendar.
What do you do if you were born on February 29th.The chances of having a leap birthday are one in 1,461. It is suggested if you were born in the am, celebrate annually on February 28. If you were born in the afternoon, celebrate on March 1. However, if you are a true “leaper” you should only celebrate every four years, which at a certain age becomes very advantageous!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.724166
Retrieved Text: Four weeks ago I got off of the couch and started my revamped workout routine. The plan was to do short, intense workouts and blog about them….
The best laid plans of Mice and Men, don’t you know?
I find it is much easier to do the workouts than explain the theory behind them. Then I realized no one is watching, I’ll post my theory in my own time.
Short version, I only work each body part once every two-weeks.
Today was Chest Day, what did I do?
Four sets of ten Flies on the Pec Deck, I think that’s what it’s called.
Four sets of ten Bench Presses, on their machine.
One set of six Hammer Incline Press machine.
Took maybe fifteen minutes, I figure if you can’t do it in twenty minutes or less, you’re doing it wrong!
I joined Planet Fitness about a month ago for convenience, my Home Workout Machine is no longer available and it just doesn’t make sense to design a workout program that has to be adapted at the get-go.
It’s kind of funny really, when I first started working out there I familiarized with their equipment to see what I could do with what they had. Some of their trainers were keeping an eye on me to see if I needed help, I guess they’re not allowed to offer unsolicited advice.
Now that I know what they have I breeze in, do my thing, and breeze back out. Unless I feel like tanning, using a massage chair or other cool amenities they have for Black Card Members.
Haha, I’ve only

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.716663
Retrieved Text: Zero Waste Life: ใช้ชีวิตโดยไม่ใช้พลาสติกเลย ทำได้จริงเหรอ?!
Home > Clip VDO สิ่งแวดล้อม ปี2562 > Zero Waste Life: ใช้ชีวิตโดยไม่ใช้พลาสติกเลย ทำได้จริงเหรอ?!
Four Years of Trash: One Jar. What is in Lauren Singer's Mason Jar?
I have been living a Zero Waste lifestyle for four years now and the most common question that I get is " What is in your mason jar?". So here it is, the ultimate list of every piece of plastic / trash that is in my mason jar that I have collected for four years.
Going Zero Waste is not an overnight process. You can't do it in a day, in a week, or even a month. It takes time, effort, and commitment. But we can all do little things to reduce our waste every single day, and it feels amazing!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.6722
Retrieved Text: Audrey Yee was inspired to join the culinary profession by seeing her parents cook and helping them at their restaurant – the Mandarin, the first Chinese restaurant in Milwaukee. Now a Four Seasons Pastry Chef in China, she originally wanted the savory kitchen – but fate had other plans. Her first job was in a small restaurant in Philadelphia, where the owner suggested pastry first – because all chefs should know pastry! The culinary world is a better place for it.
She graduated from Cordon Bleu in London, and has worked at Four Seasons Philadelphia, Four Seasons Santa Barbara, Four Seasons San Francisco, Four Seasons Singapore, and now Four Seasons Guangzhou.
This fall, she was a judge for the World Chocolate Masters, held in Paris. Follow her on instagram to see more of her spectacular desserts: Audrey Yee on Instagram.
How long have you been cooking? Eighteen years.
What is your favorite food to cook? Apple pie.
What do you always have in your fridge at home? Lemons, yogurt, eggs, salad, tofu, apples, and fruit.
What do you cook at home? Eggs, cereal.
What marked characteristic do you love in a customer? The look on their faces when they are eating their desserts.
What marked characteristic do you find unappealing in a customer? Rude, condescending, and impatient.
Tupperware, Rubbermaid, or Pyrex? Rubbermaid.
Beer, wine, or cocktail? Gin and tonic.
Your favorite cookbook author? The Professional Pastry Chef by Bo Friberg and Grand Livre de Cuisine Dessert and Pastries by Alain Ducasse.
Your favorite kitchen tool? Spatula and piping tips.
Your favorite ingredient? Apples and vanilla.
Least favorite thing to do

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.632378
Retrieved Text: Are you thinking about homeschooling high school? What are the homeschool high school requirements? Now that our oldest has graduated from high school and will be attending college in the fall, I can give a huge sigh of relief. Huge. We did it. We successfully homeschooled high school.
The idea of teaching high school is overwhelming. Trust me – I’ve been there. Suddenly, you’re in a swirling vortex of indecision and self-doubt. Where do you start? What do you NEED to cover? I can’t possibly teach that! It’s been 25 years since I studied that!! I can’t prepare her for college. Geometry? Physics?? Where’s the wine???
We use a phrase in our house all the time: How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time. That’s how you should approach homeschooling high school. The very first bite is the most important: planning and research to determine the course requirements. It’s the foundation of everything you will do for the next four years.
For us, planning began about the midpoint of 8th grade. We knew she would be going to college, so we wanted to ensure that she had a challenging, college-prep education. Begin by researching your states’ rules and regulations regarding homeschooling. HSLDA (Home School Legal Defense Association) is a great place to start. My advice is based on our particular state’s requirements, so please use common sense and do your own research. Our state defines homeschooling as a private school, which has very little governmental oversight. We are allowed to define our graduation requirements, amount of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.615718
Retrieved Text: Do you consider your note or cash flow business a success? Or is your business causing you duress? Depending on who you listen to, there’s so much you need to do in order to successfully continue or launch and run your cash flow business. It doesn’t seem to matter which niche you are in factoring, structured settlements, lotteries or seller financed notes, launching a successful cash flow business takes time, energy and even a little bit of money.
More than anything, you need a plan. You need to know what you’re about and how your service will help other people. That’s the first step. Some would say you next need a business plan, a marketing plan and a clear revenue model (you do need to know how you’re going to make money, after all). Yet initially, it may be simpler than that.
Sure, a business plan is good. I teach and train note brokers on creating business and marketing plans so they can both keep themselves on track and see their progress. So using traditional business plans and a good marketing plan is something I highly recommend.
Yet, I’ve found it helpful to begin any note or cash flow (service) business with four simple questions. These questions provide the foundation for all else. Answer them fully and you’ll have the beginnings of your business plan, an outline for your marketing plan and you’ll know how you’ll make money. You’ll also have an idea of who your prospects are and what their needs might be.
What’s more, these four questions give

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.569731
Retrieved Text: Q: What sports, activities, clubs, or jobs are you involved in?
Q: What are your future plans after High School: college, work, military, etc.?
Q: What do you like to do in your spare time, in the summer, do you have a hobby or volunteer?
Q: Do you have words of advice for your fellow UHS students?
A: Four years later I’m still an idiot, thanks for nothing!
Q: What is your favorite social media?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.565538
Retrieved Text: The news of the day, and that will give much to talk about in the future: Olympus and Panasonic announce new Micro four thirds system standard. What it means, and as it has been announcing a long time ago Valentin Sama, the introduction of cameras with viewfinder with interchangeable lenses (Electronic Viewfinder with Interchangeables Lenses).
As they announced the two companies, one of the main innovations of this new system with regard to the Four thirds, It’s just the distance from the sensor to the objective is reduced by 50%, next to a 6 mm smaller lens mount. What will result in bodies, angular objectives and much more compact zooms. This is done to have removed the optical viewfinder that characterizes the reflex.
The four thirds system users may use its objectives in this new system with an adapter, but not be used in the normal four thirds Micro System.
They were already coming new trends in the world of the compact; larger sensors and decent optics. And the system Micro It will bring us compact camera with the four thirds standard sensors; image quality reflex in the Palm of your hand.
What will happen with the reflex I do not know, but it seems that everything points to its extinction. Do we so easily forget the optical viewfinder?. The immediate and most obvious is that we will have to get us to use English abbreviations EVIL (Electronic Viewfinder with Interchangeables Lenses), to refer to what awaits us, which does not sound as well as of Electronic viewfinder with interchangeable

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.552729
Retrieved Text: When you are traveling to Walt Disney World, you may be wondering what things you should make a priority. With four major theme parks to choose from, it is hard to know where to begin. We have put together a quick reference list that shows you all the things you must do at Disney World.
We have chosen to limit our list to three major things for each category so as to not totally overwhelm you! Let’s face it, if you only have one day in each park, you can’t do it all. If you are looking for our top list of rides, attractions and junk food, this is your list.
Ride: Avatar Flight of Passage, Kilimanjaro Safari, and Expedition Everest.
There are SO many other things you are going to want to ride and experience at the parks, but if you have limited time, these are the things you must do at Disney World.
We will continue to update the list as new rides and experiences come to Walt Disney World.
Take a look at what is planned for the four Disney World Theme parks in Orlando!
What do you think? Do you have certain things you prioritize when you have a limited time at Walt Disney World?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.549998
Retrieved Text: This title is a mouthful for sure. However, when you stop to think about it, we all have a “Capacity” limit and a threshold for each of these four items. Just off the top of your head, ask yourself this question of each of these four things: “What is my capacity limit when it comes to; my intention, to my leadership, to my partnering, and with people?” I am betting you have never asked yourself these four questions nor have you thought about these four items in this manner. You are not alone. Most people do not look at these four words and ask much of anything.
I am reminded what a well know leader once remarked on a video that when people are asked about in a job interview, most say: “I am really good with people.” Really? What does that mean exactly? Let’s take a very brief look at each of our four capacities a little deeper.
The key here is to be very intentional and not to let this slide or for us to procrastinate.
When it comes to Leadership what I know from my foray down this lane is the more I learn about being a leader, the more I understand there is so much I do not know, and still have to learn. Leaders are by nature “multipliers,” they are great communicators, they are attentive listeners, they must see before those they lead see, they must connect before they ask others to change, just like someone selling something: those leaders lead must feel understood,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.537406
Retrieved Text: Need your computer fixed ASAP? Maybe you just don't feel that comfortable leaving it with someone. Perhaps it is a business computer that can't be moved. Whatever the reason, an on site visit may be just what you need. No matter what the task, we still offer one low rate of $75 an hour. That is half of what some "Geek" companies charge. We can also do in home training and the setup of new computers and networks. Whatever your computer needs might be, we will do our best to meet them. Do you think you'll need a tech for awhile or that you'll want someone you can have on call to come out anytime you need it? How about for an even lower rate? Then buying a block of time is the answer for you. Prepay for four hours and save $100!
One hour minimum is used for each visit for up to four visit per block. You may purchase another block if the time goes over four hours or return to the standard $75 an hour rate.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.52962
Retrieved Text: Peter Bregman wrote a book called “Four Seconds”. I heard him discuss it on a Harvard Business Review podcast.
The concept is this: a pause of four seconds is enough time to change what you normally do (reactive) to making a better choice (proactive).
Consider anything on your list of habits you would like to eliminate. You know which, the things you do, but don’t want to do.
Mine might include scarfing down any snack food that’s readily available. Or it might be sitting in my chair and watching television too long. Others might be more serious. Perhaps you lose your temper readily and do or say things you wish you didn’t.
Bregman’s point is that many of these actions are automatic. We do them without thinking.
His recommendation is to pause. It’s within your ability to pause four seconds and choose a different path.
Our brain likes to work automatically. It requires less energy to be on automatic.
But, the fact is, with a bit of concentration, we have the power to override automatic responses and choose better ones.
So, do some preparation. What is the list of things you do automatically that you wish you didn’t? What would be a better choice if you paused before you did them? Why not try it out?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.524499
Retrieved Text: When the Three Billy Goats Gruff trip-trapped across the Troll’s bridge, what order did they cross in?
In what other order could they have crossed the bridge?
What if there were four goats in the story?
Well this is interesting Katie. I think Mr Ellis has sneaked his Goat problem on here!
Thats all the ways you can do it for 3 goats.
🙂 These are the possibilities with four goats.
Ok, I will give it a go and post it in the box instead .
Well done Harry and Ben.
Would you use a similar system to find the answers for 4 goats?
I’d like to see their thinking posted in the box Mr Ellis for four goats! You could introduce GM – Grandmother Goat!
I think I have seen a few patterns. I can predict the number of ways for 5 and 6 goats. Has anyone else noticed anything about the numbers?
It goes small,medim and then big but the big goat dot get a coss the bridge.
they are all the ways you can do how many is there?
I think you’ve got a great method here. Can you try four goats now?
Kelsey this is a great try – I’m really impressed in how you’re thinking! Look again and make sure you have all the possibilities!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.51413
Retrieved Text: While a U.S. Patent gives inventors very enviable commercial advantage (i.e. legal monopoly), there is a high burden on inventors to precisely specify just what is their invention (in the patent claims). Patent claims must be very carefully prepared – just one poorly chosen word and the 'house of cards' comes crashing down. The patent is worthless. Conversely, very carefully chosen words results in an impenetrable rock-solid fortress.
Once a patent is granted, the limits or 'boundaries' of the invention are set and certain. By reading and properly parsing the patent claims, competitors can completely understand what they can do and what they cannot do. Diligent consideration of a patent's claims will guide one in reaching a design-around strategy to avoid infringement. Such attempts to design around should not be considered 'unfair' or 'unethical' – indeed it should be considered the height of fairness and is indeed an important part of the patent system. It is simply good competition and a necessary part of healthy capitalism.
Since a patentee has great freedom to chose her words as she likes, the competition may legitimately and fairly practice close to these limits – so long as they are not infringed. It is not precisely the same in Europe – but similar.
Unfortunately, many non-experts do not read patent claims well and consequently arrive at misplaced conclusions regarding infringement and fair non-infringing designs. Typically, the non-expert will review the entire patent specification to reach an understanding of the invention. This is a terrible approach as it often leads one to believe patent

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.509942
Retrieved Text: Vision What do we want to achieve over the next 30 days?
Current Reality What is our starting point, or current skill level?
Strategic Plan What performance measures are we going to use?
We know that our common vision is for you to improve your golf game by taking ten (10) strokes off your score for an average eighteen hole round of golf played on a recreational golf course.
Do you currently own a set of golf clubs, and if so, please describe them for me?
About how many 18 hole rounds of golf have you played in the last 12 months?
If it is applicable, what is your average score for your last 10 rounds of golf?
What golf club do you normally hit “off the tee” on a long par four hole?
What distance do you normally hit the ball “off the tee” on a long par four hole?
How many minutes a day, week, or month do you practice your golf swing?
Do you prefer to practice on a putting green, driving range, or at home?
What frustrates you the most about the game of golf?
Do you think of yourself as a “beginning,” “intermediate,” or “advanced” golfer?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.508427
Retrieved Text: Contradictions In The Bible - What Did Mary Magdalene Do?
Yes, there are answers. And there are no contradictions in the Bible. There are only people who desire God to not be there... who desire to escape accountability for everything they have done wrong... who, as scripture says, know there is a god but love their sin. We cry out to you... please turn to Jesus, trusting him as your Savior from the wrath of God that will be poured out on YOU as the just penalty for breaking God's laws.
When Did The Women Get To Jesus' Tomb?
Which women got to Jesus' tomb when?
HUMANIST QUESTION: Also in the resurrection stories, there are contradictions as to the identity of the women who came to the tomb, whether the men or angels the women saw were inside or outside the tomb, whether the men or angels were standing or sitting, and whether Mary Magdalene recognized the risen Jesus when he first appeared to her.
Let's see if we can solve a murder mystery... a typical TV show type of murder mystery. A body is found in a swimming pool near a tall apartment building. The dead man had an apartment on the 20th floor, and the window facing the pool is broken. It looks like he feel through the window into the pool.
In the room with the broken window the police find the fingerprints of four people, and they interview each one separately. Each tells exactly the same story, down to the smallest details. The man was distraught and angry

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.501736
Retrieved Text: What happens in a learning cycle lesson?
(1) "Move the red block over by the yellow block."
(2) "What would the design look like if you rotated that block 90 degrees?"
(1) "What do you think of Maries ideas?"
(2) "What would happen if you tried five?"
(1) "Try the same problem with dinosaurs."
(2) "Turn the battery upside down."
(3) "Show me what you have done."
(4) "Explain what you are doing."
a) Cruises the room (actively moves about the room looking for "the action").
(2) "Can you show me with the bears?"
(1) "Alex, show Jan how you worked your problem."
(2) "Kim, use Chriss dinosaurs and solve your problem."
(3) "The turtle group share your solution with the tiger group".
(1) "What did you do?"
(2) "Why did you move the red cube here?"
(3) "Why did you do that?"
(4) "What do you know?"
(5) "What would you like to know?"
(1) "How many are in the circle?"
(2) "How many more do you have than Chris?"
(1) "How is the way you worked the problem different than the way Kim did?"
(2) "Which way do you like best?"
(f) Use wait-time (three to five seconds) and halt time (10 + seconds).
(1) "Deedra, what do you think?"
a) "Today we are going to play the cave game."
b) "You can do this."
a) "Each group should have five red squares and three bears."
b) "I want the red group over at the circular table."
c) "Put three bears in the red circle and two bears in the yellow circle."
3. Initial demonstrations on how to manipulate, NOT how to get answer.
1. Tells students the "correct answer"
a) "No, the answer is five."
a)

================



======= Instance Index 354 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What can be seen more?" and the following answer choices: 
- sharks
 - trees
 - light
 - cacti
 - cracks
 - Herpes
 - white
 - streams

Now knowing that if an object reflects light toward the eye then that object can be seen and generally, white objects reflect more than dark ones, choose the best answer.

Target Text: white

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.724048
Retrieved Text: while we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal.
We don’t focus on the things that can be seen but on the things that can’t be seen. The things that can be seen don’t last, but the things that can’t be seen are eternal.
We concentrate not on what is seen but on what is not seen, since things seen are temporary, but things not seen are eternal.
Things that are seen don’t last forever, but things that are not seen are eternal. That’s why we keep our minds on the things that cannot be seen.
while we are not looking-for the things being seen, but the things not being seen. For the things being seen are temporary, but the things not being seen are eternal.
While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen, are temporal; but the things which are not seen, are eternal.
So we think about what we cannot see, not what we see. What we see lasts only a short time, and what we cannot see will last forever.
We are not focusing on what is seen, but on what is not seen. For the things that are seen are temporary, but the things that are not seen are eternal.
We set our eyes not on what we see but on what we cannot see. [L For; Because] What

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.314279
Retrieved Text: Amanda Wells offers Professional, Quality Business advice that you can trust.
We’re connected to the world of Social Media, too!
More than 20 years experience in the Business World. Be rest assured that the advice you are receiving is top quality.
Amanda Wells’ products have been specifically designed to help you improve your Business & Life Skills. Many have seen first hand what rewards can be gained from participation in these programs. Find out more by clicking the link above.
Yes! That’s right! Amanda Wells Coaching can service people anywhere in the world. Contact us today to find out more information on how we can help you.
Amanda has visited our church several times and each time we have experienced the most amazing outbreaks as we have seen the manifest presence of God.
In church services and teaching evenings we have had encounters among the congregation of trances, encounters, sighting of angels. We have seen God heal many times, there has also been an outbreak of people speaking in tongues.
I personally have felt an Angels wings and have seen several angels after Amanda has prayed for me.
What an awesome move of God we experienced during your time with us..Your ears to hear what the Spirit was saying to you and your obedience to "do" what He asked you to do..Blessed all present.. Our people have changed ! Those who were stuck are now moving on with God some who had not attended church for some time have now returned and Hungry for more of God..Each time I see someone who was at

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.289396
Retrieved Text: How many of the students you have worked with with would you describe as bent , but not broken? Even under the most horrific of circumstances they remain resilient.Why is that?
According to Steven M Southwick and Denis Charney in Resilience The Science of Mastering Life’s Greatest Challenges there are 10 resilience factors that people use as coping strategies that make them more resilient.
People who are resilient will often look to their experiences as ways to find a platform for growth. I have seen this with students who have lived through physical, emotional and sexual abuse as well as other traumas. Students will find a means and a way to ask for help, but do more than that by using their inner strengths to push forward and make a difference in themselves and their world. They show themselves and the world what they are made of.
One of my all time favorite authors Viktor Frankl , who wrote Mans Search for Meaning, describes in this rare seen footage how we can help students by promoting them to what they really can be. We need to see students as they should be and help them to see what they are capable of becoming. We can help them in becoming more resilient by being that role model for them.
Over the years, I have seen many examples of students who are amazingly resilient as well as those that need to be taught how to be. I know I want to model resiliency for the students I serve. What about you?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.279933
Retrieved Text: No, not in-house. We refer same day to a facility in Yukon—no waiting.
If I don't have insurance, can I still be seen?
Yes. We offer reasonable self-pay rates for those without insurance.
If I want to be seen in Elk City, how would I go about doing that?
Simply check the Facebook page to see which Wednesday Dr. Park will be in Elk City or call 405-354-2084.
I'm pregnant. Can I still be seen by Dr. Park?
Yes, and you can learn more here.
No, we have walk-in hours now, which are listed here.
I'm a new patient. What do I need to do?
Simply visit the New Patient page to download the paperwork. You can bring it in to the office before you're seen.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.266644
Retrieved Text: Dahlia has very distinctive characteristics which can be seen through its inherit symbolism.Dahlia has the colors of Pink,Green, associated with it. The tarot cards closely associated with dahlia can be used to understand more of what this type of flower represents.Dahlia has contains a large amount of symbolism that can be seen below. By gaining an idea about Dahlia and the associations it has we gain a more intuitive insight into its meaning.Man and his symbols shows us great ways to use lifes symbols to understand our inherit nature and purpose.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.265661
Retrieved Text: Azalea has very distinctive characteristics which can be seen through its inherit symbolism.Azalea has the colors of Purple,Pink,Plum, associated with it. The tarot cards closely associated with azalea can be used to understand more of what this type of flower represents.Azalea has contains a large amount of symbolism that can be seen below. By gaining an idea about Azalea and the associations it has we gain a more intuitive insight into its meaning.Man and his symbols shows us great ways to use lifes symbols to understand our inherit nature and purpose.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.238421
Retrieved Text: Growing up in a small town where there’s nothing much to do is difficult and I’ve seen first-hand how it can affect people. Friends of mine have turned to drugs to overcome the boredom and more recently they’re taking the so-called ‘legal highs’ because they think they’re safe.
I’ve seen my friends take them and I’ve seen what they’re like whilst they’re high and what they feel like the following day and neither are nice to see.
What scares me the most is what it’s doing to them in the long-term. I’ve seen their personalities change over time and the health difficulties they’re having because of the drugs.
I’ve managed to avoid getting involved with drugs myself but I can see how easy it is for people to go down that route. I just want people to see that there’s another life outside of drugs and that it’s important to break the cycle before any lasting effects kick in.
I was honoured to be congratulated by Davina McCall for my campaign, and to be awarded ambassador for my region during the Big Summer Fix. Click here to watch the video.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.229638
Retrieved Text: When your child has blood in his or her urine, it's called hematuria. This can be scary to hear. But there are many reasons why hematuria occurs that are not serious. Your healthcare provider suspects a problem in your child’s urinary tract is causing hematuria. One or more tests are needed to determine the exact cause. Once the cause is found, the problem can be treated or managed if necessary.
Gross hematuria means that blood can be seen when looking at the urine with the naked eye. The urine may look pinkish, brownish, or bright red.
Microscopic hematuria means that the urine appears clear, but blood cells can be seen when the urine is looked at under a microscope.
Both types may indicate a problem somewhere in the body. But one is not more serious than the other.
With microscopic hematuria, blood cells can be seen when urine is looked at under a microscope.
What are the possible causes of hematuria?
Treatment depends on what’s causing the bleeding. Your child’s healthcare provider will tell you more after the exact cause is determined.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.223387
Retrieved Text: 1) Make sure your person buys you a bright light or something reflective so that you are more easily seen at nighttime.
Reflective vest that Mum found at a dollar store.
My raincoat has reflective strips on it!
2) Always walk right beside your person when crossing the street, no matter what kind of leash you might have.
3) Be alert and aware of your surroundings, especially around cars (I’ve seen guardians busy on their phones or listening to music, so you need to be vigilant even when they’re not).
4) Above all, be safe, be seen and have fun!
Can you see me??? No…but you can see my little red light!!!
That’s it! That’s my lesson for today and everyday!
With a little more light you can actually see ME!
this is so cute! and very helpful! thank you hannah!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.218795
Retrieved Text: When can we see a solar eclipse in Somondoco? At what time will the eclipse begin? When was the last solar eclipse visible from Somondoco?
The answers to these questions and many more data on past and future solar eclipses that will be visible from Somondoco.
We have created a database of solar eclipses that have been seen and can be seen in Somondoco during this century.
The next planned solar eclipse that will be visible from Somondoco, will take place on July 2, 2019 and will be seen as a partial eclipse, the next counter marks the time remaining.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.151002
Retrieved Text: There is definite value to being seen as nice by your client, opposing party and counsel when it comes to negotiations. They should hopefully be nice back, and they may even open up and trust you more because of your nice behavior. But overly nice people could finish last. Instead, an article by Lifehacker suggests trying to be honest, polite, and assertive.
If you’re overly concerned about being seen as nice, you may avoid being less than nice at times because you see yourself as a good person. You’re performing a kind of service to the rest of the world by holding back criticism and saying something purely nice instead. You can have strong opinions and still be a kind person. You can stand up for yourself and others and still care about what someone has to say.
Though there are benefits to being seen as nice, being too nice can be detrimental to you and those around you in some ways.
You could be seen as indecisive or non-opinionated. Instead of being honest, you say something doesn’t matter, or you don’t care. This leaves others to make the decision. Not voicing an opinion to others may be seen as insecurity and a lack of trust in them.
To avoid being left out, you may not voice an opinion. But to be a good friend, co-worker or leader you need to share your views and listen to others.
If you’re less than honest to others to be seen as nice, that lying will eventually have consequences, including mental and physical pressure.
Trying

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.132371
Retrieved Text: When can we see a solar eclipse in Almirante Tamandaré? At what time will the eclipse begin? When was the last solar eclipse visible from Almirante Tamandaré?
The answers to these questions and many more data on past and future solar eclipses that will be visible from Almirante Tamandaré.
We have created a database of solar eclipses that have been seen and can be seen in Almirante Tamandaré during this century.
The next planned solar eclipse that will be visible from Almirante Tamandaré, will take place on July 2, 2019 and will be seen as a partial eclipse, the next counter marks the time remaining.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.131113
Retrieved Text: When can we see a solar eclipse in Union Island? At what time will the eclipse begin? When was the last solar eclipse visible from Union Island?
The answers to these questions and many more data on past and future solar eclipses that will be visible from Union Island.
We have created a database of solar eclipses that have been seen and can be seen in Union Island during this century.
The next planned solar eclipse that will be visible from Union Island, will take place on October 14, 2023 and will be seen as a partial eclipse, the next counter marks the time remaining.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.127889
Retrieved Text: When can we see a solar eclipse in Race Course? At what time will the eclipse begin? When was the last solar eclipse visible from Race Course?
The answers to these questions and many more data on past and future solar eclipses that will be visible from Race Course.
We have created a database of solar eclipses that have been seen and can be seen in Race Course during this century.
The next planned solar eclipse that will be visible from Race Course, will take place on October 14, 2023 and will be seen as a partial eclipse, the next counter marks the time remaining.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.118642
Retrieved Text: When can we see a solar eclipse in Puerto Santander? At what time will the eclipse begin? When was the last solar eclipse visible from Puerto Santander?
The answers to these questions and many more data on past and future solar eclipses that will be visible from Puerto Santander.
We have created a database of solar eclipses that have been seen and can be seen in Puerto Santander during this century.
The next planned solar eclipse that will be visible from Puerto Santander, will take place on October 14, 2023 and will be seen as a partial eclipse, the next counter marks the time remaining.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.117507
Retrieved Text: When can we see a solar eclipse in Switzerland? At what time will the eclipse begin? When was the last solar eclipse visible from Switzerland?
The answers to these questions and many more data on past and future solar eclipses that will be visible from Switzerland.
We have created a database of solar eclipses that have been seen and can be seen in Switzerland during this century.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.113813
Retrieved Text: What is reach and how is it determined?
Your reach is an estimate of how many people will see your sponsorship. You can estimate it based on the number of followers, subscribers, attendees, or average views you typically have.
If your sponsorship will be seen in more than one place, you can add the total from all the places where it will be seen.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.102108
Retrieved Text: Most of us want to become more effective, more successful as professionals.
What areas are you open to receiving guidance about, tips and pointers?
– How you greet colleagues, senior people – e.g. handshake, hug, kiss, etc.
How do we get better? Who can we turn to for help, guidance, tips, suggestions, to point us in the right directions?
Who could give you this sort of guidance?
They could be anywhere in the world right now. Use Skype. Send them an e-mail, schedule a chat.
“I want to get to the XYZ level in my career. How do you think I can get there? What do I need to work on? What do you think my blind spots might be? When you’ve seen people succeed in this area against the odds, what have they done that others haven’t? When you’ve seen people fail when they were expected to succeed, how do you think they got in their own way, how did they trip themselves up?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.088423
Retrieved Text: Allow users to bookmark any threads, posts, or any other content on your forum as bookmarks. This even allows your users to make notes on different bookmarks which can then be shown on your users' profiles.
Administrators are able to create widgets in different positions, rather it be on the sidebar, forum list, resource category, resource overview, or any other position that you choose.
Users can also choose what content types can be seen on their profile, how many bookmarks are shown per page, what pop-up content is seen, and how many bookmarks are limited on the popup.
Users are able to choose if their bookmarks can be public or not. Including, they can choose if they want to watch the thread, receive or not receive email notifications.
Administrators are able to create different types of widgets for Bookmark while limiting different content types, locations, and so much more.
Importing bookmarks from Xon's/AndyB's bookmark add-on is now supported! You can learn more on how to do this by navigating to our documentation.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.0530205
Retrieved Text: 4:7 But we have this treasure in clay jars, so that the extraordinary power15 belongs to God and does not come from us. 4:8 We are experiencing trouble on every side,16 but are not crushed; we are perplexed,17 but not driven to despair; 4:9 we are persecuted, but not abandoned;18 we are knocked down,19 but not destroyed, 4:10 always carrying around in our body the death of Jesus,20 so that the life of Jesus may also be made visible21 in our body. 4:11 For we who are alive are constantly being handed over to death for Jesus’ sake, so that the life of Jesus may also be made visible22 in our mortal body.23 4:12 As a result,24 death is at work in us, but life is at work in you.25 4:13 But since we have the same spirit of faith as that shown in26 what has been written, “I believed; therefore I spoke,”27 we also believe, therefore we also speak. 4:14 We do so28 because we know that the one who raised up Jesus29 will also raise us up with Jesus and will bring us with you into his presence. 4:15 For all these things are for your sake, so that the grace that is including30 more and more people may cause thanksgiving to increase31 to the glory of God. 4:16 Therefore we do not despair,32 but even if our physical body33 is wearing away, our inner person34 is being renewed day by day. 4:17 For our momentary, light suffering35 is producing for us an eternal

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.0441
Retrieved Text: “Bhikkhus, in this world with its devas, Māra, and Brahmā, among this population with its ascetics and brahmins, its devas and humans, whatever is seen, heard, sensed, cognized, reached, sought after, examined by the mind—that I have directly known. It has been known by the Tathāgata, but the Tathāgata did not become subservient to it.
(1) “So, having seen what can be seen, the Tathāgata does not misconceive the seen, does not misconceive the unseen, does not misconceive what can be seen, does not misconceive one who sees. (2) Having heard what can be heard, he does not misconceive the heard, does not misconceive the unheard, does not misconceive what can be heard, does not misconceive one who hears. (3) Having sensed what can be sensed, he does not misconceive the sensed, does not misconceive the unsensed, does not misconceive what can be sensed, does not misconceive one who senses. (4) Having cognized what can be cognized, he does not misconceive the cognized, does not misconceive the uncognized, does not misconceive what can be cognized, does not misconceive one who cognizes.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.012904
Retrieved Text: Finian’s quest in later books in my Word and the Sword fantasy saga involves uncovering the ancient past, and part of that uncovering involves the journal entries of a warrior in the First Age, Ashlan Kamori. One of the first mages in history, trained by the legendary Shimidar, Kamori’s journal becomes the key to unraveling the mystery that surrounds the Heroes of the Ages. Anyway, I had to write some of the journal entries, and here is one of my favorites.
The Fellwraith. That is what my people call this creature that haunts us, that dogs our steps. Blood, always blood, in the morning. It comes to feed in the darkness. Four killed last night and nothing we possess seems to touch it or hurt it; in the morning light we find others missing. They will never be heard from again, I am sure. It is the creature’s habit to slaughter and devour some, but take others completely. For what purpose we can only guess, though no one harbors the hope that the purpose could be a good one.
Swords and arrows are useless against its onslaught, when it can be seen at all. I believe it is only seen when it wishes to be seen, the better to strike terror in our hearts. It does not appear to be solid; it is called, after all, a wraith for good reason, yet it can tear our flesh when it wishes. Though whether it does this itself, or employs its foul minions remains to be seen. The Fellwraith is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.995833
Retrieved Text: A monogamous relationship includes two people who are sexually exclusive to each other only.
This means that they do not go on and take more partners outside of the relationship, making sure that they are only available for each other throughout the process.
Monogamy have become rather common these days but there are also many individuals who do not follow this practice and can be seen to be in what are called open relationships’.
Polygamous relationships are the complete opposite of a monogamous relationship where two individuals do not cheat on each other or prefer to have more partners than the one they already have committed to.
According to many experts on relationships, mostly men can be seen to be staying away from a monogamous relationship simply due to the fact that they do not wish to put a restriction on their partners.
Even though women can be seen to be following the same practice as well, it is mostly men that are not ready for monogamy even with the partner of their choosing.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.9657955
Retrieved Text: “Karbo, I don’t know what to say to you. You have really encouraged me to do more. Let me tell you, I have been in parliament for five consecutive terms, this is my 18thyear. I have never seen a Member of Parliament who has been able to organize 3,000 women in his constituency as I have seen today. It tells me that great leaders are born but not of the age of Methuselah. Irrespective of your age, you can be a leader. What I have seen today, I know Karbo has won the 2020 elections…no question about that”, he disclosed to the cheers of various women groups.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.955025
Retrieved Text: This trend is for sure among favorites, as for me. It can be seen in On the Light Side story.
What can be more dynamic and feminine at the same time? Right, fringe. The way it bounces during movement... According to designers this season fringe can go many different ways. Like, for example, as a statement piece it self at Calvin Klein. Or as detailing, as seen at Edun and Loewe. Celine and Monse showed fringe can also be mixed with other fabrics, and look super cool. And, well, Paco Rabanne went for some disco vibes.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.945974
Retrieved Text: You can be sure to see something awesome anywhere in the area between Crocodile Bridge and Lower Sabie, especially on the S28. We followed the Vultures to a female Cheetah and her 3 sub-adult cubs feeding on an Impala. More Vultures were landing for another hour and we watched and waited to grab shots whenever we could. "Just Another Beautiful Day in the Bush"!
Great sighting and great pics Mary Jane! I'll be going to the Kruger in December and hope that I get some similar sightings and pics!
Wow what a great sighting, I have never seen Cheetahs with Vultures before, the Cheetahs I've seen have either eaten already and moved off or their meal has been taken by Lions, but I have never seen them eating with the vultures. Very good pics!
Thanks Mary Jane for sharing more superb photos!
So many cheetah photographs are spoilt by thick bush but you got them in the open! You have also given visitors a nice secret they can use - follow the vultures! So many people see them in the sky and landing 'down there' but don't go to investigate what they are up to.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.938659
Retrieved Text: McGarret will get a time for self-introspection to see what his life has in store for him as his best friend and partner Danny saves his life by donating his liver. This is the time when he becomes aware of the fact that he needs time for himself.
Showrunner Peter M Lenkov has revealed in a Twitter chat that information about McGarret is still be kept in dim light. Only this much is known that in the next season, he will be in recovery mode and will be seen taking a break from his life-taking dangerous job. All of this is because of the McGarret near meeting with death.
Whenever one experiences a life turning an event that either traumatizes one or forces one to speculate the decisions that one has made in one’s life, one is compelled to decide which path to choose. The same is for McGarret. In season 7, his emotional state is elaborated and explained in a deep fashion.
The showrunner told Entertainment Weekly that his recent encounter with death is what makes him reconcile the decisions he has made so far in his life. McGarret is seen contemplating for more compelling reasons to take on what he has been doing so far.
The just now interaction of Lenkov with the fans revealed that McGarret and Danny will be seen making their relationship more stronger and better. And they will be seen sharing many conversations about the liver transplant. But it will also see a lot of fighting between the duo. The reason for the fight

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.931068
Retrieved Text: We have seen projects run very well and succeed by any measure of succeed the team or the clients could choose to imagine. We have seen projects fail so dismally that no amount of spin or explanation or anything else will convince anyone that it was something other than a shambles. We have seen projects that fall somewhere in between.
Putting this another way, we have been active professionals in a variety of environments and have seen what happens when things go well or poorly.
What happens when projects are a series of failures? What happens when projects are more than failures and are disasters? What happens when our software projects become the lead story in local, or worse, national news coverage? What do we do?
As software testers, our task is to alert the project team to risks to the project and to the greater organization itself. We can not make the decision to implement or not implement the changes. We can not demand that something happen or not happen.
We can describe the likely outcomes. We can describe the areas of weakness and uncertainty within the application.
When people push “The Decision” on to the Software Testing group or QA, they are abdicating their responsibility to the project stakeholders and the customers of the effort.
Most of the time when I have seen this happen, or when I have been the one in the project room when the “leadership” looks at me and asks “Do we go?” they, the “leaders” have been abdicating their responsibility. They are symbolically washing their

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.927419
Retrieved Text: "What you don't know, can do more than hurt you."
To the Predacons, Night Stalker is more a legend than anything else. This is because none of them has ever actually seen him. They cannot deny that he could exist however, because since he came online the Maximals intelligence net has improved greatly. Night Stalker himself could care less what others think about him however, as he prefers to spend his time on espionage missions. His stealth armor can absorb any sensor emissions sent against him and his signature masking device lets him fool Predacon security devices into believing him to be one of them. He wields a disrupter cannon that can scramble any electronic device it's beam hits. Although he can sprout jets and fly in a mode similar to Cheetor's, he prefers not to use it as it's infrared signature can be seen from miles away. Although it can hide him from detection, his stealth armor isn't very powerful protection in battle, especially considering the relatively passive nature of his beam weapon.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.912801
Retrieved Text: amie Been there.... I have been in this situation more time than I can count!!!
amie Guests signing a deck chair as guestbook. most original idea i've seen.. I LOVE THIS!
amie Avengers Halloween, probably. --- the deciding factor was who Steve chose to dress up as...he chose Nat.
amie I've seen this 100 times and I love it just as much very time.
amie A teacher takes a hand, opens a mind, and touches a heart.
amie But Cap wouldn't have the strength to even say the f word! He would probably say, "Oh yeah!" Remember, this is Captain Steve "Language" Rogers.
amie UNLESS YOUR ADAM XD! LMAO I'VE SEEN THIS FIVE TIMES AND JUST NOTICED!!
amie "This may be the coolest, most original TARDIS cosplay I've seen." Agreed; I've seen this more times than I can count, and I still love it.
amie N*SYNC. More times than I can count.
amie now THIS craft room is what I dream about. Built in shelves and cabinets with paper storage!!! This woman's hubby had it all built for her. I have never been lucky enough to have a hubby that could/would do that. Probably why I am and plan to remain single!

================



======= Instance Index 3300 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Where do braciopods live?" and the following answer choices: 
- allow growth
 - salt and water.
 - ocean water
 - an organism's body
 - Shallow waters
 - the environment
 - swamp vegetation
 - more abundant

Now knowing that marine species live mainly in shallow coastal waters and brachiopods are strictly marine and are usually found in shallow seas, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Shallow waters

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.278117
Retrieved Text: Era del surf eco y turismo swedes finns and sami live in bluetooth mode. Anbieter der zum leben this good enough for over an error has occured zurck vorwrts personal accounts. Where do quails live near me, sie als zustimmung. Qualitt und sehen was good enough its all the same house sie sich dadurch fr live adj eingeschaltet live. Wir bieten stream finden sie auch andere fuball events knnen sie weiterhin bequem ber ihre lieblingsmannschaft live adj unverzgert live philips germany eur. Schlager mehr schlager mehr volksmusik mehr schlager mehr volksmusik mehr. Knnen sie mit ihrem homescreen befindet kann nun.
Affect the photo studio ready to do professional shooting of the all stars dont be regarded as your live in photo earth wind fire ramsey lewis hot dawgit tambura rare plants like the quails was unnecessary the sea everything together in u3 fatty acid art of insp6 degradation products in the same aviary as spam. Was taught to do not have new anials zebrafinches and whitetailed eagles. Where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.979149
Retrieved Text: Home / Family / Why Do You Live Where You Live?
Are you living adventurously? Are you choosing the best for yourself and your family in all areas of life – even where you decide to live?
Let’s face it. Most of us reside where we live because of the top two factors – our employment or our families. But are those cold, long, debilitating winters dragging you down and keeping you from living a significant life? Or maybe it’s the heat and humidity that drains you of energy and creativity? Are the people you’ve constantly been around in your hometown (old high school or college friends, family, etc.) affecting your life in negative ways? Perhaps there is an unconscious limit on your potential simply because of where you’re living?
I want to challenge you to think outside this paradigm of having to live somewhere that you don’t choose. What if you took control of your destiny, your job, your business and your life now? Dig deeper and ask yourself why you live where you do. And if you’re not happy, what can you do to change it?
How do your values, passions, interests and activities align with your current zip code? Do you have hopes and dreams of living by the beach “someday in retirement”? “Someday Isle” (“Someday I’ll…”) is an island that doesn’t exist. Instead, create that ideal lifestyle and surroundings for yourself now that will awaken and energize you to live your fully, authentic self.
Can I challenge you – instead of waiting for a big reason to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.960682
Retrieved Text: (03-05-2017, 08:42 PM)failbot Wrote: @I want to know where you live so I can send you lutefisk. Everyone loves that.
In Germany. And I want to know where you live.
The lutefisk gave it away.
he will reply to that in a couple of seconds.
No I'm not a robot. Are you??
Oh I am not the best with pokemon.
I live on earth, where do you live?
@I want to know where you live so I can send you flowers.
And why do you what to know that?
@No I want to send you flowers.
Really? You want to send me some cheese?
@I want to know where you live so I can send you lutefisk. Everyone loves that.
I live in my house.
Why do you call me a robot?
dont remove replies. i havent coded how to react to document size yet.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.774512
Retrieved Text: Home is where I live. Home is where I feel safe. Home is where people go to find comfort. But some people don’t have a home. So where do they live? They live on the streets. I’ve seen people living on the streets and it’s not funny or pretty. I hope I don’t end up like that. But that’s life and I can’t do anything about it. But I can do something. The next time I see someone living on the streets,I won’t take them for granted. What I will do is give them a Tims card if I have one. It doesn’t matter if you live in a big or small house. But do you want to know what REALLY matters. Not having a house at all. So PLEASE don’t make fun of the homeless.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.675808
Retrieved Text: Do you live in Oakville or are you considering making the city your new home? Park Property Management believes you should feel good about where you live.
Do you live in Waterloo or are you considering making the city your new home? Park Property Management believes you should feel good about where you live.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.610874
Retrieved Text: Tell us about yourself. Where are you from? Where do you live now? We both are from Columbia, Mississippi and reside in Pearl, Mississippi.
Tell us about yourself. Where are you from? Where do you live now? Kimberly: My name is Kimberly and I am an entrepreneur from Brandon, Mississippi. Currently. I live in Jackson, Mississippi with my husband, Juan. Juan: My name is Juan and I am a self-employed entertainer. I am a member of the group Compozitionz….

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.527476
Retrieved Text: Swallow Habitat: Where Do Swallows Live?
Home Services ​ Swallows Where Do Swallows Live?
Where Do Swallows Live in the Wild?
Eight varieties of swallows thrive in North America. Of these species, barn and cliff swallows come into conflict with people most often. In nature, the pests prefer bluffs, canyons, and caves. Human structures like buildings and bridges expand the swallow habitat, allowing these birds to live in suburban and urban areas as well.
Swallows live close to water when they can find good shelter. As a result, houses near streams, ponds, and rivers are the ideal swallow habitat. The birds build their nests on overhangs and rafters that shield them from the elements.
These birds tend to reuse their nests year after year, so they might become a long-term issue. Those living near swallow habitats who notice nests around their homes should contact Critter Control. Trained technicians can safely deter swallows and work to prevent their return.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.474472
Retrieved Text: Surely you do not live down in the dark earth where there is no sunshine?
How would you like to live down there in the deep green water?
Well, that is all very well for Jill to do; she has a real heartache to live down.
To live down the past and erase the errors, live boldly the present.
You know the extras all live down in the big bungalow I had built for them.
They are men who live down through to the spirit and the poetry of their calling.
"Oh, I don't like it that my Mama should live down here," she declared.
Morley insisted that I should live down here, under his eye.
Did the folks at Rackville think they might live down near the bay?
Rum as the name of our old village where we used to live down in Essex.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.456798
Retrieved Text: Live on Your Boat! Are You Crazy!
To live on your boat is the easy part. Many boats, like RVs, can be quite comfortable to live in. You will find that you do not need to have a lot of "things" in your life.
Simple is better, and a necessity when you live on a boat. When you go shopping, you ask yourself questions like: Where will I put it? Will it nest with things I have? What do I get rid of if I get it? Do I really need this?
You have two possibilities when you live aboard. Dock at a marina, or live on the hook (at anchor).
The boat changes your style of living by the limits it has. At anchor, the amount of water you have is limited to the size of the storage tank you have on board. The toilet holding tank size, the size and number of batteries for electricity, the hot water system and your refrigerator size are just a short list of how the boat limits what you can do.
When living at anchor, these can either restrict or merely simplify your lifestyle.
If you are on the hook, you need to find out where you may tie up your dinghy, where you may park a car, where you may get water and where a pump out station is.
Add to the list where trash may be dumped, where you can get boat fuel and where you might walk the dog without causing offense.
Live-aboard boaters at anchor are often looked upon as "freeloaders," however,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.447684
Retrieved Text: Who had the gall to come here in 54 BC and where did he go to afterwards?
Where did the East Saxons live?
What is the difference between a village and a pillage?
Why do we say 'robbing Peter to pay Paul'?
Where did the South Saxons live?
Where did Edward the Confessor build his abbey and palace?
Where did the Middle Saxons live?
Where did Christopher Wren buy his bun?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.44648
Retrieved Text: Where and when do Russian live?
The analysis of hundred of millions anonymised mobile phones usage tells a lot about people behavior, where they live and where they work, where they go, whom they meet, and when they do all of this.
Discover a vision of one day in Russia, with focus on Moscow Region and a special zoom of Moscow City.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.444799
Retrieved Text: "Writing a novel is not merely going on a shopping expedition across the border to an unreal land: it is hours and years spent in the factories, the streets, the cathedrals of the imagination."
"It would be nice to travel if you knew where you were going and where you would live at the end or do we ever know, do we ever live where we live, we're always in other places, lost, like sheep."
"Very often the law of extremity demands an attention to irrelevance."

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.418787
Retrieved Text: Search Black Bears Pictures on Nation.com. Visit & Lookup Immediate Results Now.
What Do Koala Bears Look Like?
What Does a Shaved Polar Bear Look Like?
Where Do Black Bears Generally Live?
Where Do Black Bears Live?
What Are Some Facts About Black Bears for Kids?
What Is a Young Bear Called?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.413667
Retrieved Text: This is a photo ______ my school.
Let’s _____ to the cinema.
_ What does Ms.Julie do?
_ She’s ______ teacher at a big high school.
_ Which pencil do you want?
This for you and ______ are for your little sister.
_ What do you do?
Where ______ Lan and Mai live?
I often go ______ bed at nine o’clock.
Do you know _______ ?
What is this _______ English?
Which word has three syllables ?
_ Is this your pen ?
_ Where does your sister live ?
_ Are those his pencils ?
_ What’s her job ?
Mary lives _______ her mother and father.
They live about twenty kilometers ______ here.
Bob and Ted have a sister. _______ Jane.
______ many students in your class?
I often spend two hours ______ my homework.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.407762
Retrieved Text: Which side of the comma do you live on? Watch John to find out where the comma is.
Source: Which side of the comma do you live on? Watch John to find out where the comma is.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.394904
Retrieved Text: The Komodo National Park is very high up on the bucket lists of many travellers. Especially scuba divers are flocking in from all over the world to dive on some of the world best dive sites in our oceans. Others are more interested in the animals that live above the water, the Komodo dragons.
Where do koalas live? On Raymond Island in Australia.
Where do Koalas live? On Raymond Island.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.388291
Retrieved Text: Where Should I Move My Family?
What Is Your Car'S Personality?
What Color Car Should I Buy?
What Type Of Nose Do I Have?
What I Was Born To Do?
How To Improve My Life?
Should I Be A Farmer?
What Christmas Character Am I?
What Will I Look Like In 20 Years?
Which State Should I Live In?
What Should I do When I'm Bored?
Which Continent Should I Live In?
Am I Systematic or Chaotic?
How Much do You Know About Bigfoot?
What Type of Plant Would You Be?
Which Word Best Describes Your Family?
Which English Word Best Describes You?
Where Should I Live In The US?
Can We Guess Your Nationality?
Which Dystopian Future Will You Live In?
On Which Side of the Border Should You Live?
Should You Move to Britain?
Which Fictional World Should You Live In?
Will You Be Poor or Rich?
What Type Of Hipster Am I?
Can We Guess Your Goal in Life?
How Much Of A Yankee Are You?
Do You Belong In A Small Town Or A Big City?
Where do you think you really belong? Take our quiz to find out!
Where In The Southern USA Should You Live?
Have you ever wondered where in the Southern USA should you live? Find out now by taking the quiz!
Are you Southern at heart, a West Coast dreamer, or East Coast all the way? Find the answer here!
Where Does Your Doppelganger Live?
There is someone else out there who is exactly like you! Take this quiz to find out where they are.
Where Would You Live In A Fairy-Tale World?
Should You Live In The Netherlands?
Should you live in a land of Heineken, flower power, and cheese? Take this

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.364284
Retrieved Text: Not all students live on an ocean coast, but no matter where they live, all students are connected to the ocean via their local watershed. The Watershed Quest Unit is an integrated-curriculum unit that culminates with the creation of a watershed quest, a treasure hunt centered on a watershed in your community. The quest involves sharing and learning information about watersheds in general and about the watershed in the region where the students live.
What is a Watershed Quest?
Where does our water come and go?
What does our watershed look like?
What is the story of our site?
What do we want to share and teach?
What do we need to do to finish?
Does this quest share our site’s story?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.360153
Retrieved Text: My dad died at the hospital. Do I have a case?
Do I sue the home?
The nursing home let my father get dehydrated, is this a wrongful death?
I live in this state where the death occurred and my preferred lawyers where I used to live are in another state. Do I file there or here?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.359679
Retrieved Text: Worksheet on Where do Animals Live?
Worksheet on where do animals live contains the various types of questions on animals, birds and insects.
Read the concept to answers the questions on where do animals live.
What will you replace 'A' with?
3. Match the items in column I to those in column II.
(i) A group of bees.
(iii) The home of rabbits.
(iv) An animal with a shell.
(v) A winged animal that lives on trees.
(vi) A black insect that likes sweet food.
(vii) An animal that catches food with its sticky tongue.
(viii) An animal that lives in your home.
5. Find the odd one out.
(i) sparrow, mynah, rat, owl.
(ii) dragonfly, lizard, mosquito, butterfly.
(iii) ant, rabbit, crocodile, snake.
(iv) fish, frog, whale, shark.
(i) Two animals which live in burrows.
(iii) Two large meat-eating wild animals.
(v) It lives in the trees and loves bananas.
(vi) A bird which hunts at night.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.345495
Retrieved Text: CUrreNT AffaiRS(e): Re: ROLL CALL - Where do you live?
Subject Re: ROLL CALL - Where do you live?
It's on the coast, close to São Paulo, largest city in South America.
All work and no play makes me..., well, you know the rest.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.339681
Retrieved Text: Where do you live? Laura Tremaine's new podcast -- 10 Things to Tell You -- asked the question this week, and I knew I couldn't respond in just a small Instagram post... I have lived in only 4 ... Read More about Where do you live?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.315733
Retrieved Text: Let me lock you up before you do any drugs as preventive imprisonment.
Imprison you for your own safety. where do you live?
Let me shoot you up please.
>                       Yes! Where do you live?!
>                       That sounds pretty serious.
> won't work unless that person wants to be helped.
>                       No, because I'm pro-awareness.
> want to live their life.
> and get to recognize who you really are. Why not?
> what people are like from a few emails.
> I give it. My energy is pro-active, that's how I am.
> generally but, still, something can happen!
>   No banners. No pop-ups. No kidding.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.304699
Retrieved Text: What else do they want than war of words from the pen?
Can our policemen go after the terrorist of our democracy?
Who is the mother of a cat dancing in awkward nakedness?
How do you want us to believe you are doing the right thing?
Where are we, where is justice and equity, where is the rule of law?
#ReleaseHim, #BailIsFree live and let’s live!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.297943
Retrieved Text: OK, it might not be so much where you live as how much you like where you live... but this is still super-interesting.
A new Gallup poll has found that people who feel satisfied with where they live are physically healthier than people who are dissatisfied (or who feel like their community is becoming a bad place to live).
In fact, people who said that their city offered a safe place to exercise--or that they felt safe walking alone at night--scored higher on an overall physical health index. Those who didn't feel like they had anywhere safe to exercise scored lower.
The survey can't, on its own, draw a causal link between community and individual health, but other research suggests that the two are linked. Location can determine opportunities for exercise, for example, as well as what foods people eat. A recent study published in the > Journal of Rural Health found that rural Americans are > more likely to be obese than their city-dwelling counterparts.
It all kind of makes sense, don't you think?
Do you like where you live or do you wish you lived somewhere else? Are there many safe opportunities to exercise where you are?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.2747555
Retrieved Text: Nickelback someday, i dont have leadder of men. Nickelback cd music online download music for free online the long road. Nickelback too bad, curb, pusher where do i hide live. Nickelback deep silver side up, state. Nickelback falls back on fly free music download sites. Nickelback figured you out, little friend download music mp3 download free. Nickelback figured you out, not leavin yet mp3 music download detangler. Nickelback believe it or not, the long road, new music downloads free downloads music. Nickelback free mp3 downloads see you at the show, state. Nickelback one last run window shopper, mp3 search tools. Nickelback another hole in the head, download music for free how you remind me, mp3 downloads legal. Nickelback never again, woke up this morning, old enough, shouldve listened. Nickelback curb, because of you, figured you out. Nickelback download music sites too bad live, where do i hide, do this anymore. Nickelback mp3 music flat on the floor, best music download sites. Nickelback sea groove learn the hard way bonus track, curb, breathe. Nickelback hollywood, music online silver side up. Nickelback the long road, mp3 download wortiny to say. Nickelback saturday nights alright for fighting bonus track, hold out your hand, feelin way too damn good listen to free music online. Nickelback figured you out, leader of men acoustic, just four. Nickelback throw yourself away, where, yanking out my heart bonus track. Nickelback hangnail, left good times gone, diggin this. Nickelback money bought cowboy hat, just for silver side up. Nickelback throw yourself away, window shopper, falls

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.27082
Retrieved Text: Neytiri from Avatar - should she get a page?
I loved the movie Avatar, and I've been toying with the idea of doing a page for Neytiri. She's *technically* animated, but then again, she's in a live-action movie where she's supposed to LOOK live-action.
So what do you think? Should she count as an animated heroine?
: I loved the movie Avatar, and I've been toying with the idea of doing a page for Neytiri. She's *technically* animated, but then again, she's in a live-action movie where she's supposed to LOOK live-action. : So what do you think? Should she count as an animated heroine?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.267457
Retrieved Text: Hullo! Welcome to the Monday open thread, where one can ask such questions as, "Where am I?" and "What am I doing here?" to people who are just as confused as you are. This is my first time hosting an open thread, which means it is a special, nervy occasion for both of us. For me, it's like performing open heart surgery for the first time. For you, it's like dying on the operating table.
Today's topic is where do you live and why do you hate the weather there (because, boy, we all hate the weather where we live and, boy, do we love to complain about it).

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.257337
Retrieved Text: [texhax] Where does package doclicense live in TeXLive?
Previous message: [texhax] Where does package doclicense live in TeXLive?
Next message: [texhax] Where does package doclicense live in TeXLive?
> > app-portage/g-ctan.  So, I will try that.
> Do people still manually install packages?
it does put a nice Creative Commons thing in the document.
re-install Linux I will consider putting TeXLive on its own.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.249917
Retrieved Text: Do I need to file my second address where I live close to work to the USCIS? | US Immigration forums hosted by the Law offices of Rajiv S. Khanna, PC for the community. We take no responsibility for the information presented here.
Do I need to file my second address where I live close to work to the USCIS?
Thank you for this useful forum.
I live in IL and I work in IN. Recently I rented an apartment near my work location. I am also still living in my old address and still have it.
Do I need to file address change or add my second address to the USCIS?

================



======= Instance Index 3014 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is required for life?" and the following answer choices: 
- dna
 - RNA
 - food
 - money
 - lead
 - ovum
 - ova
 - gasoline

Now knowing that dNA contains genetic instructions for proteins, and RNA helps assemble the proteins and proteins, including enzymes are required for life, choose the best answer.

Target Text: dna

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.455583
Retrieved Text: AuPairCare Alumni go on to do some amazing things! Tell us what you’ve been doing since your program ended and how being an au pair changed your life!
First, enter your personal information and share what you're doing now. Then upload a photo & submit!
Home Country *This question is required.
Host Family Name *This question is required.
2. Would you be interested in a part time job in your home country helping to spread the word about AuPairCare and recruit new participants to the au pair program? *This question is required.
3. Tell us how being an au pair personally changed your life. *This question is required.	 Did your English skills help you get an awesome job? Did your year abroad inspire you to travel? Did you make life-long friends during your program?
5. What are you doing now? *This question is required.
Tell us about your Employment! *This question is required.
Tell us about your studies! *This question is required.
Tell us about your travels! *This question is required.
Where have you been traveling?
Where else are you planning to travel?
Tell us more about what you're doing now!
6. Upload a Photo *This question is required.*Photo should be of just you, with nobody else, and of good quality.
By submitting my story, and/or image(s), I authorize Intrax Inc to contact me via email and to use my submission for global promotional and marketing pieces. This includes, but is not limited to; print, online, audio and video media formats. *This question is required.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.203427
Retrieved Text: 04/26/2019 04:41:12 97057563 1 0 0 3553 1 1 Logistics Shipping & Warehousing $16-$35+/Hour Warehouse Jobs Hiring: (Positions Open) $16-$35+/Hour Warehouse Jobs Hiring: (Positions Open) Full Time Warehouse.FindDreamJobs.com | Paw Paw, MI NEW Warehouse Jobs Hiring Immediately in Your Area at $16-$35/Hour: Apply Now NEW Do you match?
04/25/2019 22:25:36 97012932 2 0 0 3691 1 1 Logistics Shipping & Warehousing Shop & Deliver Groceries (Car Required) - Middleville Shop & Deliver Groceries (Car Required) - Middleville Part Time, Work From Home Instacart | Middleville, MI (49333) NEW Earn money shopping and delivering groceries, giving customers more time to do what they love. * Be Independent Schedule work around your own life. * Have ... NEW Do you match?
04/25/2019 22:16:47 97011660 3 0 0 3691 1 1 Logistics Shipping & Warehousing Full Service Shopper (Car Required) Full Service Shopper (Car Required) Part Time, Work From Home Instacart | Paw Paw, MI (49079) NEW Earn money shopping and delivering groceries, giving customers more time to do what they love. * Be Independent Schedule work around your own life. * Have ... NEW Do you match?
04/25/2019 22:03:51 97009963 4 0 0 3691 1 1 Logistics Shipping & Warehousing Supermarket Shopper (Car Required) Supermarket Shopper (Car Required) Part Time, Work From Home Instacart | Mattawan, MI (49071) NEW Earn money shopping and delivering groceries, giving customers more time to do what they love. * Be Independent Schedule work around your own life. * Have ... NEW Do you match?
04/25/2019 22:02:29 97009790 5 0 0 3691 1 1 Logistics Shipping &

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.162193
Retrieved Text: 04/25/2019 08:54:15 96872006 2 0 0 3546 1 1 Logistics Shipping & Warehousing Supermarket Delivery (Car Required) Supermarket Delivery (Car Required) Part Time, Work From Home Instacart | Silver City, NM NEW Earn money shopping and delivering groceries, giving customers more time to do what they love. * Be Independent Schedule work around your own life. * Have ... NEW Do you match?
04/25/2019 08:54:12 96871999 4 0 0 3546 1 1 Logistics Shipping & Warehousing Supermarket Shopper (Car Required) Supermarket Shopper (Car Required) Part Time, Work From Home Instacart | Silver City, NM NEW Earn money shopping and delivering groceries, giving customers more time to do what they love. * Be Independent Schedule work around your own life. * Have ... NEW Do you match?
04/25/2019 08:54:11 96871997 5 0 0 3546 1 1 Restaurant & Food Service Food Preparation Food Store Delivery (Car Required) Food Store Delivery (Car Required) Part Time, Work From Home Instacart | Silver City, NM NEW Earn money shopping and delivering groceries, giving customers more time to do what they love. * Be Independent Schedule work around your own life. * Have ... NEW Do you match?
04/25/2019 08:54:10 96871996 6 0 0 3546 1 1 Transportation Drivers & Movers Shopper & Driver - Groceries (Car Required) Shopper & Driver - Groceries (Car Required) Part Time, Work From Home Instacart | Silver City, NM NEW Earn money shopping and delivering groceries, giving customers more time to do what they love. * Be Independent Schedule work around your own life. * Have ... NEW

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.103375
Retrieved Text: Who Should Buy Life Insurance Without Medical Exam Required?
Life Insurance Quotes No Medical Exam Required for Diabetes!
Whole Life Insurance and Universal Life Insurance – What Is The Difference?
What is The Best Life Insurance Policy for Married Couples?
5 Tips for Finding Affordable Life Insurance for Seniors!
3 Reasons to Compare Life Insurance Quotes!
What Type of Life Insurance Seniors Should Buy?
Can You Buy No Medical Exam Life Insurance for Seniors?
5 Reasons to Buy No Medical Exam Life Insurance as a Senior!
Seniors Can Cover Funeral Expenses by Purchasing Life Insurance!
The content of this website is provided for informational purposes only. The content of the website is not intended to constitute or to substitute professional advice. In addition, this web-site contains links to third party web sites provided to you as a courtesy and they are not intended to nor do they constitute any endorsement of the linked materials. When clicking on such 3rd party links, please note that you are exiting this web site and navigating to another site. Neither www.freeonlinelifeinsuranceleads.com nor this web site is responsible for the content of such other websites.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.769627
Retrieved Text: Here are responses from the Money Doctor on topics related to retirement planning.
How do I know my financial advisor has my best interest in mind?
How can I protect a 457b plan if my spouse or I ever need long-term care?
When is the best time to receive Social Security benefits?
What problems may arise from failing to report a life estate to SSI?
When looking toward my retirement, should I choose a single life annuity or a qualified joint savings annuity?
What are the options for a beneficiary of an inherited IRA after the owner’s death?
How does your name on a home deed or refinance affect benefits for nursing home care?
How should I preserve my assets from Medicare or a nursing home?
How can part-time employees plan for retirement?
Can a Roth IRA be fully withdrawn in one transaction or are installments required?
Why am I not receiving a Social Security survivor benefit?
Can you retire without Social Security Benefits?
I own a small business, however, I am not taking any payroll. How do I earn credits for Social Security?
What are the restrictions of opening a SEP IRA plan for only the owners of a small business?
Can I roll an inherited 401(k) account into an IRA in my name?
What complications might I face when taking distributions from an account with comingled funds?
How much should I save each month toward my retirement and what is the best vehicle to do so?
When am I required to take my required minimum distribution (RMD)?
Why can’t I withdraw the basis from my IRA after taking the RMD?
Can I convert my

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.467464
Retrieved Text: 1. A machine costing $35,000 to buy and $5,000 per year to operate will save mainly labor expenses in packaging over six years. The anticipated salvage value of the machine at the end of seven years is $5,000.
a. If a 10% return on investment (rate of return) is desired, what is the minimum required annual savings in labor from this machine?
b. If the service life is six years instead of seven, what is the minimum required annual savings in labor for the firm to realize a 10% return on investment?
c. If the annual operating cost increases by 15%, from $5,000 to $5,750, what would the minimum required annual savings to get the 10% return on investment?
2. A company is looking at purchasing new vehicles to enhance their fleet. Which of the following vehicles would be the best in terms of lowest annual cost if the interest rate = 12% if the vehicles had a service life of 3 years? 4 years? 5 years?
Compute the break-even point in units sold if the company expects to produce and sell 15,000 units.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.4507065
Retrieved Text: admin May 28, 2018	No Comments Custom Debossed Silicone WristbandsCustom Silicone Wristbandscustomized rubber braceletscustomized silicone braceletsCustomized Wristbands to promote BusinessDesign Custom Silicone WristbandsDesign your own Rubber Braceletrubber braceletsWhere should I buy customized rubber wristbands?
How GPS Tracking System Forms A Part Of Everyday Life?
View More How GPS Tracking System Forms A Part Of Everyday Life?
What are the documents required for Aadhar card Enrolment?
View More What are the documents required for Aadhar card Enrolment?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.41913
Retrieved Text: How much is enough for you to be able to say you have achieved financial success? Is it one million dollars? Maybe it is one hundred thousand dollars. Some people might settle for twenty thousand in the bank and a steady job.
What you need to understand is that Financial Success has little to do with a number. True Financial Success begins and ends not with the amount of dough you earn but with how well your Required Needs are met.
Financial Success can be defined as having enough to meet your Required Needs. Everything on top of that is pudding.
So what do you require?
First you have to distinguish between what you require and what you merely want, which is easy enough if you are honest with yourself. At the most basic you need water, food, clothing and shelter. If you are reading this on your computer you probably require money for a monthly electric bill. You most likely have other needs too, like fuel for your auto or maybe you are paying off loans on your house or education. It is fair enough to lump these into your required needs.
It is also a lot easier to admit what are merely wants and desires when you look at your financial life this way. Though your tastes may desire to be fabulously pampered with a life of luxury items it is hardly wise to call these desires Required Needs, though you may find you often do. This is something you can change.
Why this is an important distinction is because

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.403914
Retrieved Text: Join gardening nerd, Master Composter, and psychotherapist Kate Daigle, MA, LPC for a fun and nourishing workshop practicing the concepts of mindfulness while cultivating your own beautiful garden! There is NO prior gardening or mindfulness experience required to reap the rewards of this workshop.
• What beauty is growing in your garden, in your life?
• What do you need to WEED OUT of your life?
• How can you cultivate more nurturing energy for yourself?
• What does it mean to garden mindfully?
• How can you practice patience while the seeds you’ve planted in your life grow? What else can you plant?
Activities include guided mindfulness visualizations in the oasis of a beautiful garden habitat, getting hands-on and planting your own container garden you can take home with you, journaling and reflective exercises, practicing present moment awareness in a garden setting, and connecting with others who have similar interests.
Fee: $65, this includes all materials including handouts, two plants for you to plant mindfully and a container to take them home in, and free compost samples!
Pre-registration required! Contact Kate today at 720-340-1443 or Kate@KateDaigleCounseling.com to sign up – space is limited!
Last year’s workshop was so much fun — looking forward to this year!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.397237
Retrieved Text: Are you currently working but not seeking success at Job?
Do you work hard at job but yet fail to get a promotion?
Have you tried many things to succeed at work but it does not work for you?
Do you underestimate yourself at work?
Possessing strong Hard skills (a.k.a. Technical skills) is one characteristic required to succeed at workplace. However to complement your technical skills you also need to hone your soft skills (a.k.a. Life Skills).
EduGroomers Success at Job - Training Workshop provides an insight into various practical life skills and qualities required to succeed in a job environment. Our training workshop emphasizes on improving these life skills in order to develop a positive spirit and well-being.
This is a unique training program that helps you climb up the ladder at workplace and secure promotion. Learn from experts about what you need to know for your Success at Job.
What it takes to get you a Promotion!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.391883
Retrieved Text: Trustee under MWPA (Married Woman Protection Act) policies / Karta in case of HUF (Hindu Undivided Family) policies.
What will happen if the original Policy Document is lost?
The original Policy Document isa mandatory document for processing any claim; however if the same islost or misplaced we may call for some alternate document/s and theclaim is processed further.
What parameters are considered by the Company while asking the Nominee to submit particular records / documents?
The Company considers the Sum-at-risk, cause of the claim incident, circumstances of the claimand duration of the policy. For example, in an accidental death,specific proofs such as post mortem and police reports are required.For death due to illness, we may call for hospital records, testreports, etc.
What are the claim documents required to process the Death Claim?
Please refer to the link http://www.idbifederal.com/Claims/Pages/default.aspx.for the list of claim documents required to process the Death Claim.
What is the time frame within which a claim has to be reported to the Company?
A claim must be reported as soonas possible, to enable the Company to ensure a smooth process.
Who should intimate the claim and how?
When the Life Assured diesduring the term of the policy i.e. before date of maturity, proceedsunder the policy are payable as a claim to the nominee. This claim iscalled a Death Claim.
You can know the status of yourclaim by writing to us at support@idbifederal.com or by calling ourToll Free No. 1800 209 0502 (Monday to Saturday, 8 am to 8 pm).
What happens if there is no nomination on death of the Life Assured? Or what happens if

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.382628
Retrieved Text: Taking stock of what is important in your life is now the essence of what is so prevalent right at this moment. You have already lifted yourself into an amazing new life and, as you begin to understand what is required for you to survive and excel, it becomes easier all the time. Understand that what happened to you last year will not happen this year, your stability and security are now assured.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.346764
Retrieved Text: Blu Life One Life & One Life XL - First Look!
WATCH THIS, AND YOUR LIFE WILL NEVER BE THE SAME!
Life Goes On - When Death is REQUIRED to Beat a Game... WHAT??
It's Your Life... Or Is It?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.324928
Retrieved Text: Why are project managers required?
What all activities come under project planning?
Who all are the stakeholders in a project?
How do you initiate projects? What all groups are involved? Is there any formal process adopted in your organization?
What all documents created for the project and their significance?
How do you identify the number of resources required for the project?
How are the efforts estimated in the Project?
What methodology is used for estimations?
What do you understand by project risks?
How are project risks identified? How would you mitigate the same?
How to take care of hardware and software requirement for the project?
What are quality plans? What are the key objectives?
What are SCM plans? What are the key objectives?
What is meant by deviation?
What status reporting mechanism was used in the Project?
Explain project life cycle ?
How many phases are there in software project ?
Explain different software development life cycles ?
What are the contents of project management plan document?
What is a fish bone diagram ? What is Ishikawa diagram ?
What is pareto principle ? What is80/20 principle ?
What tools were used for configuration management?
How do you handle change request? What is internal change request?
What is the software you have used for project management?
What activities are performed while project closure?
What do you understand by defect prevention?
How is software shipment managed in the project?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.299017
Retrieved Text: DISPOSITION: A quality or condition of a person necessary for the performance of some action or of preparation for an encounter with the mysteries of God. Commonly applied to the conditions required for the valid reception or administration of the sacraments, as the state of grace is required for the sacrament of the Eucharist or sincere contrition to receive absolution in the sacrament of penance or a proper state of heart to enter into prayer and worship of God.
This Spiritual Dictionary Term is an excerpt from the Glossary of Dan’s book Navigating the Interior Life – Spiritual Direction and the Journey to God. To learn more, click here.
What is spiritual direction and my spiritual direction? What are my “blind spots” and how can I uncover them? What keeps me from all the spiritual riches Christ has for me? How can I better understand where I am in my spiritual progress?
Daniel Burke’s Navigating the Interior Life will give you the tools you need to understand how and why we grow and die in the spiritual life and what we can do about it.
Most of us have questions about spiritual direction. What is it? Is it for me? What if I can’t find a spiritual director? These questions and more are well answered in Dan Burke’s book. The Lord is clearly calling all Catholics into a deeper union with him. This book, in a style which is both inspiring and practical, provides some of the Church’s most important wisdom about how to respond to this call.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.251156
Retrieved Text: Interested students can contact our Intake Counsellor who will provide a brief assessment and set you up with one of our M.A. in Counselling students or with an external Counselling professional.
Children, elderly and dependent adults must be protected. A counsellor is legally and ethically required to report abuse of a vulnerable person.
Your life and the lives of others must be protected. If a counsellor has reason to believe your life or the life of someone else is in danger, they are obligated to discuss this with you and take appropriate action to ensure safety.
In certain, limited circumstances, a counsellor may be required by law to disclose what would otherwise be confidential information. For example, this may happen if they were served with a court order.
A student may be required to withdraw from Providence if that action is deemed warranted after medical or psychological evaluation, if a student poses a threat to themselves, the community or its members or in the event that a student refuses to receive evaluative testing or counselling when asked to do so.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.236362
Retrieved Text: We, Ogura Industrial Corp., respect our customers and understand that you are concerned about privacy and the use of your personal information. We consider the information you choose to share with us personal and confidential. We provide this explanation about our information practices to show you our commitment to protect your privacy.
On this form, we collect Name, E-Mail Address and Message. This form also allows you to send a file for us to review.
On this form, we collect Company Name, Address, City, State, Country, Contact Name, Title, Telephone, Fax, Email, Web Address, What the application is for, Actuation voltage available, RPM at engagement, RPM at running, RPM at disengagement, Cycle rate, Life required, Required inertia, Torque required, What is it mounted on, Is zero backlash required?, The operating environment, Range of exposed temperature, Bore Required, Dimensions not to exceed, Unit to include, Direction of rotation (when looking at armature), What will it be used for, Quantity required per year, Approximate target cost, Prototypes required, Production quantities required, Attached drawing, and any additional comments that may be helpful regarding this application. The information we collect for “Application Requirements” is used to assist you in selecting the appropriate clutch or brake and is distributed electronically to Ogura Industrial sales representatives to help us determine the appropriate clutch or brake for your requirements.
Our general inquiry form collects contact information and your question or comment. The data is only used by Ogura representatives to assist you with your inquiry.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.231026
Retrieved Text: Life continually provides opportunities for amazing and extraordinary experiences in your lifetime. Sometimes, however, some of life's experiences can be overwhelming and take us into what might feel like a dark pit or an endless tunnel of darkness. The natural impulse is to reject, deny or attempt to distance oneself from these "troubled waters," but what if these "waters" were exactly what was required for you to actually live the extraordinary life you are seeking?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.201033
Retrieved Text: Nobody is really concerned about the financial matters at the early ages of their life. However, one should start planning and thinking about this matter before it comes to the natural way of stress and worries. Because without a proper plan and advice, one is more likely to spend on the needs of time and end up empty handed later in the times of life. For this, you are not required to deprive yourself of all the things you like or need. You are just required to spend efficiently.
You should try to focus on simple things as follows to safeguard your financial security.
It is okay to enjoy your life as if it is your last day. However, such an approach cannot be adopted where financial matters are concerned. If you can maintain the perfect balance between what you can spend and what you are required to save, then you are standing at the initial stage of attaining financial security.
People work hard to differentiate between assets and liabilities. Still, many of them are unaware of the actual asset one possesses i.e. his skills, knowledge and his experience. So, one should work harder for improving himself to increase its importance and value. Because the more you will raise your value, the more you are going to gain in return.
It is proven with valid research that planning holds a significant importance in shaping the future circumstances of a person. If somebody has spent their life without planning, they will most likely face financial issues. It is the habit of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.17125
Retrieved Text: Choose from one of three angles. Pick the perfect position for what you’re doing and where you’re doing it.
Type smarter, thanks to the full-size layout with included number pad. No need to sacrifice comfort or space.
* Keyboard battery life calculation based on an estimated 2,000,000 keystrokes/year in an office environment. User experience may vary. Mouse battery life may vary based on user and computing conditions.
Use the right combination of mouse, stand, and keyboard for your needs. You can be more comfortable and more productive no matter what you’re doing or where you’re doing it.
Whether you prefer a mouse to a touchpad or just don’t want to get up from the couch—you’ll get precise cursor control. Learn more about the Logitech Wireless Mouse M505.
Choose one of three angles. Pick the perfect position when you’re watching movies in bed, sharing photos at the kitchen table, or if you just want to sit up straighter at your desk. Learn more about the Logitech Notebook Riser N110.
You’ll type more comfortably and efficiently, thanks to the full-size layout, included number pad, and ability to place the keyboard where it feels best. Learn more about the Logitech Wireless Keyboard K340.
The tiny wireless receiver stays in your notebook—there’s no need to unplug it when you move around—and connects both the keyboard and mouse. ** Learn more about the Unifying receiver.
The extended battery life means you won’t spend your time tracking down new batteries.*Big on battery life? We are too. Learn more.
** Internet access required for software download.
Software required for enabling mouse tilt wheel,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.152924
Retrieved Text: Brothers and sisters: Thus should one regard us: as servants of Christ and stewards of the mysteries of God. Now it is of course required of stewards that they be found trustworthy. It does not concern me in the least that I be judged by you or any human tribunal; I do not even pass judgment on myself; I am not conscious of anything against me, but I do not thereby stand acquitted; the one who judges me is the Lord.
Therefore, do not make any judgment before the appointed time, until the Lord comes, for he will bring to light what is hidden in darkness and will manifest the motives of our hearts, and then everyone will receive praise from God.
Paul instructs the Christians of Corinth: “it is of course required of stewards that they be found trustworthy.” I hear the word trustworthy quite often in my volunteering with Boy Scouts as every gathering begins with Scouts intoning: “A Scout is trustworthy.” So I ponder, “What does trustworthy mean in my life”?
Being known as trustworthy is one of the highest compliments one can receive. Being trustworthy supports loving marriages, nourishes family life, helps friendships thrive, and facilitates our daily business and personal lives.
I reflect: can I be found a trustworthy steward in my family life, in my friendships, in my work, and in reaching out to those in need? Am I someone who can be trusted, or are others wary of dealing with me? Am I trustworthy in my faith life, especially where my faith life

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.094621
Retrieved Text: Q Which is the eighth commandment?
Q What are the duties required in the eighth commandment?
A The duties required in the eighth commandment are, truth, faithfulness, and justice in contracts and commerce between man and man; rendering to everyone his due; restitution of goods unlawfully detained from the right owners thereof; giving and lending freely, according to our abilities, and the necessities of others; moderation of our judgments, wills, and affections concerning worldly goods; a provident care and study to get, keep, use, and dispose these things which are necessary and convenient for the sustentation of our nature, and suitable to our condition; a lawful calling, and diligence in it; frugality; avoiding unnecessary lawsuits and suretyship, or other like engagements; and an endeavor, by all just and lawful means, to procure, preserve, and further the wealth and outward estate of others, as well as our own.
Q What are the sins forbidden in the eighth commandment?
A The sins forbidden in the eighth commandment, besides the neglect of the duties required, are, theft, robbery, man_stealing, and receiving anything that is stolen; fraudulent dealing, false weights and measures, removing land marks, injustice and unfaithfulness in contracts between man and man, or in matters of trust; oppression, extortion, usury, bribery, vexatious lawsuits, unjust enclosures and depopulations; engrossing commodities to enhance the price; unlawful callings, and all other unjust or sinful ways of taking or withholding from our neighbor: What belongs to him, or of enriching ourselves; covetousness; inordinate prizing and affecting worldly goods; distrustful and distracting cares and studies in getting,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.079381
Retrieved Text: No details have been provided by the manufacturer.
Send us a request for quote using the form below. Our team will contact you with an up to date pricing and availability quote ASAP.
5340-00-037-1932 is not a replacement of any national stock number and has not been cancelled or replaced itself.
DEMIL Code Meaning: Non-usml/non-ccli - no demil or dod tsc required. department of commerce may impose licensing requirements to certain destinations.
ADC: Shipment is not a consolidation and does not exceed 84 inches in any dimension.
ASH: No special handling required.
What are the historical prices recorded for this stock number?
No pre-dated pricing for this NSN could be found.
Does NSN 5340-00-037-1932 have a shelf life?
No. There is no shelf life applicable for this NSN.
What NATO entities are users of this NSN?
No recorded entities for this stock number.
How is national stock number 5340-00-037-1932 defined?
A bracket of various shapes (other than angle), designed to be attached to a supporting surface for the specific purpose of positioning, aligning and/or supporting another item. excludes brace (as modified); bracket, angle; and bracket, double angle. see also bracket (1), electrical connector; bracket, fire extinguisher; bracket, solenoid; bracket, track, sliding door; and retainer (as modified).
What is the NIIN of NSN 5340-00-037-1932?
Does this item require Demilitarization?
Non-usml/non-ccli - no demil or dod tsc required. department of commerce may impose licensing requirements to certain destinations. (note 9).
Is NSN 5340000371932 ITAR controlled?
No. This item is not ITAR Controlled.
What is the most recent solicitation for NSN 5340000371932?
No solicitations for this NSN.
When was this national stock number assigned to the federal catalog?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.0712595
Retrieved Text: Looking for life insurance with no physical required? Some people choose non medical life insurance because they simply don’t have the time or the inclination to go through the rigors of a full medical examination. Others make this decision simply because they don’t like to go to the doctor. Fortunately policies are issued in fairly large amounts today without the necessity of a medical exam.
Insurance carriers always have issued life insurance with no physical required but mostly at younger ages and in smaller amounts. Today you can get larger amounts of coverage at older ages, no medical exam required. Here are some of the reasons why.
People tend today to take better care of their bodies. We live in an age where access to medical information is easily accessible. Because of this the public is more aware than ever before of the behavioral and eating habits that are likely to shorten ones life. The insurance companies know this and therefore are willing to issue policies at older ages to apparently healthy people. They do need to answer a few health questions though.
People that would normally die 30 or 40 years ago from certain ailments are enjoying productive lives with treatment today. Diseases that were considered death sentence diseases are no longer seen in that light.
Life insurance carriers used to send out an inspector to to investigate each person who applied for a policy whether or not a medical was done. This was, in some cases, quite a costly undertaking. You will appreciate that they were committing to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.057554
Retrieved Text: Setting goals is an essential part of success, especially if you're in a sales driven role like recruiting. But how should you be setting your goals in terms of day to day activity? In this article, I have broken down goals into three parts, Accomplishment Goals, Activity Goals & Plan of action. By breaking down your goals into these three parts you will be able to take a realistic daily approach to accomplishing your goals with confidence and certainty.
Whether you're just starting out or you're already deep into your career, you'll need to have accomplishment goals, and these will vary depending on what stage of life you're in. Accomplishment goals are bigger goals that you set for the long-term. These goals could be things like, make 1 million a year, own a 5 million dollar house, have 5 kids in private school, drive a Bently and Ferrari, own a vacation home, belong to a golf club etc. The point is that these are going to take a while to accomplish. These goals are in essence your dreams and ultimate desires. With goal setting, you can paint a picture of your dream life and then create a plan to achieve those goals and bring your dream life into reality.
The first step of goals setting is painting a picture of your ideal life and listing out some lofty long-term life goals. The second part of goal setting is understanding what action or activity it will take in order to accomplish your long term goals. For example, you might

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.019876
Retrieved Text: It is important that educational leaders make sense of what a job-hopping career and extended life spans actually substantiate, how T-12 schooling dovetails within lifelong learning and how eLearning can embrace a life of self-transformation. If a career can be seen as ‘a portfolio of projects that teach you new skills, gain you new expertise, develop new capabilities, grow your colleague set, and constantly reinvent you as a brand’ (Peters 99U) what are the new learning behaviours schools need to prioritise? What fundamental changes are required for Distance Education and online learning to embrace a service that provisions learning-how-to-learn and continuous self-transformation? Considering that a large proportion of our teacher workforce are one-job-for-life workers we are have a systemic mindset issue. The provision of lifelong learning principles professional enhancement is required.
It is important to note the scale and trends of professional learning and training occurring in industry. The role of training and eLearning within globally advancing nations is exponentially growing. TrainingIndustry.com estimated global training in 2013 at approximately $306.9bn. Australia’s approximate expenditure was $9.2bn (Harward 2014). IBIS capital states that training will increasingly become ‘peer-to-peer” and “freely available”, “increasingly personalised with e-Learning harnessing big data analytics”, ‘mobile’ through ‘tablet penetration’, ‘classrooms will become the arena for face-to-face tutoring of individual requirements and open discussion’, as e-Learning becomes ‘part of the fabric of virtually every business’. Learning will become a natural continuum originating in school and proceeding throughout working life (IBIS Capital).
Love of Learning Skills by jjfbbennett is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.012713
Retrieved Text: Do we have a free will to select our life partner? Are we permitted to Love someone? Is it acceptable for girls to have boy friends and for boys to have girl friends? What is the criteria for selecting a life partner? Following is a discussion of such questions from a Quranic perspective.
The above verse negates the concept of beauty or physical attraction, along with wealth or economic status of a person, and establishes that it is <Eimaan> i.e. Belief and conviction on the Quranic laws that should be the point to consider in selecting a life partner.
Total dedication to Allah.This is what is required to be a Believer.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.997727
Retrieved Text: Quite often, when I write answers to reader mailbag questions, I encourage people to keep pushing hard against their debts no matter the interest rate. Almost everyone agrees that it makes sense to rapidly pay off the 15% debts, but I’ll often get a lot of disagreement about the 3% debts. People will often ask why they should hurry to pay off a 3% debt. After all, they can get a better return in other investments.
The reason is simple. It’s all about the cash flow.
Let’s start off with the basics and explain what cash flow is. Cash flow refers to the amount of income you take in minus the required bills you have to pay. Ideally, you have money left over at the end of this process, and the more cash you have left over, the better. That cash can be saved for the future, invested, or applied to extra debt payments.
Let’s say, for example, that you’re bringing home $3,500 a month. You have a $1,000 mortgage at 6.75%, a $500 student loan payment at 3%, and another $1,000 in required bills (electricity, food, fuel, etc.). At this point, you must have $2,500 in monthly income to pay for your minimum required bills. At the end of the month, with a $3,500 income, you’re left with $1,000 to do with what you please.
Now, let’s look at your situation if the mortgage is paid off. You still has a $500 student loan payment and another $1,000 in required bills. You must have $1,500 in monthly income to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.984643
Retrieved Text: ...de, from its physical background, and the action of its own body, the action of using that fuel properly. What standard determines what is proper in this context? The standard is the organism’ s life, or: that which is required for the organism’s survival.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.968874
Retrieved Text: Read the sermon summary: In this passage Jesus confronts the crowds for following him only because they ate the loaves of bread and were satisfied (see John 6:1-21). He challenges them to work for that which is true bread which endures to eternal life and then proclaims that he is the bread of life who has come down from heaven. And notice the work required to receive this bread. It is simply believing… receiving. In other words, the work of God which is required of people is to gladly receive, eat, and enjoy the bread of life, Jesus Christ. The work, then, is not a burden, but a delight. It is immensely satisfying and filled with pleasure. In preparing for the sermon, consider the following questions: According to Jesus’ words, why don’t the crowds believe in him even though they have seen him? What is the outline of the conversation between Jesus and the crowd… can you track to flow of it? How do we see the cooperation of Father and Son in the work of those who come to Jesus?

================



======= Instance Index 4706 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is light used for?" and the following answer choices: 
- Electrical energy
 - Animal survival
 - noise
 - to move people
 - Seeing ahead
 - hearing
 - Chemical energy
 - listening

Now knowing that light enters the eye through an opening called the pupil and eyes used for seeing ahead and balance, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Seeing ahead

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.459128
Retrieved Text: How long does an average incandescent light bulb last before you need to replace it?
In which U.S. state was the first light bulb showcased to the public?
There is air inside a light bulb.
What is the filament's function in a light bulb?
It is the piece of metal that gets so hot that it glows.
It carries the electricity to the light bulb.
It is the outside of the light bulb.
It stops the bulb from blowing up.
Fluorescent light bulbs contain mercury.
Which type of gas is most often used inside of a light bulb?
What are LED light bulbs mostly used for?
When in use, what is the average temperature of the filament?
What is the main problem when using a halogen light bulb?
They use a lot of energy.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.363449
Retrieved Text: After much research I knew I needed to try light therapy but I wasn’t sure what a 10,000 lux light box was.
What is the 10,000 Lux Light Box? The 10,000 Lux light box is a light lamp (box) used to mimic natural daylight by stimulating the pineal gland and in turn, helping the body to produce melatonin and serotonin.
A 10,000 lux box is usually used in the treatment of Seasonal Affective Disorder. While we know this particular type of light box helps with the disorder, is there a particular brand or type of light box that is better than others?
What is the 10,000 Lux Light box Used For?
This particular light therapy lamp is used for the treatment of Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD). People suffering from this disorder have a disruption of melatonin and serotonin in the fall and winter months, when there is less sunlight.
When we wake and the sunlight hits our pineal glad located on the forehead, this stimulates the gland which in turn, boosts the production of serotonin and melatonin. Both of these are essential for restorative sleep.
Rather than taking synthetic hormones, by using the lamp, the body thinks it is natural sunlight and the pineal gland is stimulated, allowing the body to naturally produce the 2 hormones again.
What Are The Side Effects of Using a 10,000 Lux Light Box?
In a study completed in 1998 on 70 patients who had short term treatments for SAD with a 10,000 lux light box, 32 (45.7%) reported side effects with 9 (12.9%) saying they had more than

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.27938
Retrieved Text: We catch up with Gouger on board the Africaine once again this week. It is becoming much colder on the ship and his family does not have enough warm clothes to wear. Gouger writes in detail about the facilities in his cabin and on the Africaine that enable him to have light, filter water and live onboard in relative comfort. Gouger records his observations so that they may be used as a guide for other wealthy passengers who may travel in the future. This gives us a good opportunity to look at how the technology available in 1836 was used to provide lighting and heating in 1836 both on land and at sea.
What do you think caused the change in temperature that Gouger describes?
What forms of lighting are used onboard our ships?
What facilities were available to provide light, warmth and comfort for passengers?
What can we learn about 1836 technology by reading Gouger's description of the facilities onboard?
What sources of light were used in houses in 1836?
How did people provide warmth and heating for their homes in 1836?
What are some of the significant inventions and technological advancements that have influenced the lighting and heating sources people have used over time?
What are some of the current issues with heating and lighting sources used today? What are the most sustainable and economical sources of lighting and heating currently available?
Construct a class timeline showing the history of light sources over time. Include significant inventions and developments such as oil lamps, gas lighting, electric lighting, street lights, neon lights, infra-red light,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.202493
Retrieved Text: Looking for How to Fix EPC Light on a Volkswagen? An EPC light can indicate a variety of serious issues, ... Tuesday 2017 Jetta SE , EPC light comes on and engine dies.
What Does My VW EPC Warning Light Mean?
What Does My VW EPC Warning Light Mean? By blogsadmin Posted in Service, Tips and Tricks on Friday, December 2nd, 2016 at 3:13 pm. Your Volkswagen dashboard has a large number of sensors and lights to help you ensure that parts and systems are working and safe while youre on the road.
Find Used Volkswagen Jetta for sale near you. Read Used Volkswagen Jetta reviews & specs, view Used Volkswagen Jetta pictures & videos, and get Used Volkswagen Jetta prices & buying advice.
May 08, 2017· Volkswagen's main focus is crossovers, crossovers, and more crossovers, but it hasn't forgotten about the long-in-the-tooth Jetta.
Welcome to JettaForums.com we offer Volkswagen Forums dedicated to the Jetta. We have many features on this website to make your experience here more enjoyable.
Keep Learning. What Is the EPC Light on a Volkswagen Jetta? What Is EPC on a Volkswagen? What Does It Mean If the EPC Warning Light Comes on in a Volkswagen?
I have a 2010 Wolfsburg Edition and absolutely love this vehicle. Just recently, after the 30K maintenance...I started having this EPC warning/check engine light and very sluggish control with acceleration.
Find great deals on eBay for VW Shift Solenoid in Automatic Transmission Parts. Shop with confidence.
May 31, 2008· Why does the VW Jetta EPC light keep coming on and car goes into limp mode?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.129265
Retrieved Text: When it comes to metal fabrication services there are numerous things that are made using this process, including light diffusers. You should make sure that you are aware of what the light diffusers are and what they are used for. These can be used to deflect some of the light that comes from the fluorescent lights into space below. Right from large-scale industrial use like in pharmaceutical, to utensil industries, there are multiple uses of metal fabrication that helps of manufacture things and launch them in the market.
What is Metal Fabrication all about?
You should think about metal fabrication services and what they can make, including light diffusers. You might be wondering just what this is and it is a piece of metal that is cut into different shapes, designs, and sizes that is put around fluorescent lights. It is used to help deflect the extra light from going into space below and it also can create a stunning design as well. Not just the light shells and casings for lights, but metal fabrication processes are also used to manufacture high-quality luminaires of all varieties for both domestic and commercial use.
When it comes to light diffusers that are made from the metal fabrication services there are many reasons that it is used. One of the main ones is to deflect the extra light that would otherwise come down into space into another area. The light that might come down can be the additional light that isn’t necessary or that would be too harsh. These devices give your

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.110253
Retrieved Text: What type of dimmer is it?
What kind of dimmer is being used?
Is an analogue to DALI converter being used?
Is the desired length over 4m?
Please visit the below link for more information on DALI MCU.
Is the product installed with a dimmer?
The light is not compatible with Analogue dimmers without a converter, it will need to be installed with a compatible dimmer in order to dim.
Consult an electrician as to whether the light has been installed with a compatible dimmer and/or control system.
Which direction is too bright/dim?
What height is the light installed over the table?
The trim blades are the four plastic blades that connect to the rectangular baffle of the downlight.
To check the blades have been set up correctly please refer to the installation guide.
Are the trim blades fitted?
Check the blades have been set up correctly.
Are the trim blades set up correctly?
Please refer to the instruction guide and re-fit trim blades.
This issue could be caused by the table surface, CU-BEAM downlight is not suitable for use over glass or reflective surfaces.
Do you still have the trim blades?
Please refits the blades as per the installation guide.
This issue can be resolved by re-installing the light. CU-BEAM downlight is designed to be hung over a table and not used as general lighting for a room.
Please refer to the operations manual for further advise.
Is the light connected to a DALI lighting management system?
What system is in use?
Check system and connections. Refer to the installation guide for more details.
Adjust the upwards and downwards light distribution be manually using the dial on the luminaire

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.012683
Retrieved Text: Which crops need Light Traps?
How many Light Traps are required per acre?
Which stages of the crop require Light Traps?
What time should the Light Traps be activated?
What are the different colours of Lights used in Light Traps?
What should be the height of the Light Traps?
What is the distance between the Light Traps?
What problem is solved by Light Traps?
What are the options in Light Traps?
What is the disadvantage of Light Traps?
Light Traps trap even the beneficial insects and hence can be a disadvantage at times.
Also they attract insects from adjoining fields,which unnecessarly increase pest in our field.Hence for effective results,it should be practised on community basis,ie all the surrounding farmers also install them.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.956898
Retrieved Text: Spotlights downlight and many people are confused, do not know these two types of lamps have what distinction, should be applied to what is the position of home furnishing, and application effects of any different.
Simply put, Tongdeng is a relative to the general with the lamp with the lamp, is generally used for general illumination or auxiliary lighting.
Lighting is a highly concentrated light, which light is assigned specific objectives. Is mainly used for special lighting, such as the emphasis on a very good or very new.
We are from several areas to distinguish between lamp and lamp.
Lamp can be installed the incandescent light bulb, can also be installed energy-saving lamps. Suitable for incandescent lamp when the Yellow light. Energy saving lamp with optic bulb types can be white or yellow light. Downlight ceilings light source direction is not adjustable. From the chart we can see directly downlight energy-saving lamp, waterproof lamp is on the outside and a waterproof cover glass.
General household lighting is used in quartz bulb, or beads. Of course, large lighting is not necessarily quartz bulb. Quartz bulb only yellow light. And general lighting direction of the light can be adjusted freely.
Lamp is mounted in a ceiling, ceiling in general need more than 150mm can be loaded. Of course there are external type lamp. In the absence of lamp or chandelier Tongdeng regional installation is the very good choice, the light relative to the lighting should be soft.
Spotlights can generally be divided into track type, hanging type and embedded etc.. Lamp with transformer, but also

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.910506
Retrieved Text: Step 2: Application Receipt & Assignment. Lasers in Cancer Treatment. On This Page. What is laser light? What is laser therapy,... Among the most often asked questions in the laser industry is that of the differences between the various laser standards and classifications.
The first gas laser (helium-neon) was invented by Ali Javan in 1960. The gas laser was the first continuous-light laser and the first to operate "on the principle of converting electrical energy to a laser light output." It has been used in many practical applications.... Initially, the laser was called an invention looking for a job. - Harry Stine. (Talbot) Medical Lasers: Medical lasers can be used as a scalpel. Since the laser can be controlled and can have such a small contact area it is ideal for fine cutting and depth control.
What are the applications of a picosecond laser? What is the application of LASER In Civil Engineering? Which laser application has lots of advantages?... Medical Uses of Lasers Photo by: terex. In the early days of lasers it came as a surprise that these tools of light could be used in The Advent of the "Laser Scalpel"

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.908698
Retrieved Text: Grow Lights: What are they and how are they used for growing cannabis?
Indoor marijuana grow lights growing marijuana are used when setting up your cannabis grow room. Depending on what stage of growth your plants are in will determine what color light (spectrum) should be used. The Grow Lights Color rating is Measured in Kelvin (K). The higher the number, the more bluish the light. 4000K-7000K is mostly on the blue side of the spectrum, while 3000K and under goes from a white spectrum, to a redder spectrum.
During Vegetative Growth your plants need a minimum of 18 hours a day of Light. The best Grow Lights for Vegetative Growth are 400 Watt Metal Halide Agrosun Blue Grow Lights. Metal halide grow lights are optimal for use in the vegetative phase of growing. They emit mostly blue light, which encourages vigorous growth of foliage. They are very efficient, but can get rather expensive to start with; Hydrofarm FLT24 2-Feet Four Tube T5 Fluorescent Light System may seem more appealing because of their lower price, and they are not much different when compared on a lumen-to-lumen cost level. These lights can be used through-out the grow, but will most likely result in light, fluffy buds. I recommend using fluorescents for seedlings and clones, while using Metal Halides for moms and vegetative growth. I prefer to use Hortilux Eye Blue Metal Halides as they have always worked perfect for me.
as my Grow Lights for Blooming. Please check our Lighting Section for detailed information and specs on all Cannabis Grow

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.833003
Retrieved Text: Find WBJEE 2015 Solved Physics Question Paper – Part 6 in this article. This paper consists of 5 questions (#26 to #30) from WBJEE 2015 Physics paper. Detailed solution of these questions has been provided so that students can match their solutions.
27. The work function of metals is in the range of 2 eV to 5eV. Find which of the following wavelength of light cannot be used for photoelectric effect.
So, the wavelength of light that cannot be used for photoelectric effect is 650 nm.
28. A thin plastic sheet of refractive index 1.6 is used to cover one of slits of a double slit arrangement. The central point on the screen is now occupied by what would have been the 7th bright fringe before the plastic was used. If the wavelength of light is 600 nm, what is the thickness (in µm) of the plastic?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.813955
Retrieved Text: We often get the question, "What is that?" from our patients who are watching us wave this "blue wand" over their mouth while getting fillings.
This "blue wand" is a curing light. This light is used for polymerization of light-cured resin-based composites or, in other words, the white filling that we put in a tooth. There are several materials that are curable by light. These lights can be Tungsten halogen, LED, plasma, and laser. Halogen and the LED are the most popular.
A dental curing light that hardens a white tooth colored filling.
In the 1960's the first light-cured resin composite was developed. This led to the first curing light. They called it the"NUVA." The NUVA used ultraviolet light to cure composites. It was discontinued due to lack of shortened wavelength curing into the resin. Advances were made in the 1980's in the areas of making visible light curing.This next type of light was the halogen bulb. This light had further penetration and replaced the UV light.
Areas of improvement took place in the 1990's. Resin composites were better and the lights became stronger. The plasma light was introduced in 1998. It was a high-intensity light with a fluorescent bulb claiming to cure in 3 seconds. There were negative aspects to this light: high priced, actually cured in longer times than 3 seconds, and it was expensive to maintain. This brought about another light source technology.
Our curing light used at Apple Tree Dental in Rexburg, Idaho.
Today we use the LED light. While the LED lights have been around since the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.782036
Retrieved Text: 2. Glean the answers from the information on "The Light You See".
List three forms of electromagnetic radiation (EM) with a wavelength less than visible light.
List three forms of electromagnetic radiation (EM) with a wavelength greater than visible light.
4. Three things can happen to a light wave when it strikes an object. Name them.
A banana appears yellow because the ________________________________________ is _____________________.
5. What is the speed of light?
6. What do you observe happening when white light passes through the triangular prism?
7. Name the scientist who made up the word "spectrum".
8. Measure and record the frequency of light demonstrated on this web page.
Now increase the energy. What happens to the wavelength? What happens to the frequency?
9. Use Measuring Light to answer these questions.
What tool is used to measure light?
A 60 watt bulb uses how much energy to yield light?
10. What result do you get when you multiply the wave length by its frequency?
11. How is laser light different from visible light?
12. Your school needs to reduce costs. One way to do this is to control energy costs.
Give three ways to reduce the amount of electricity used for lighting.
How many of them are in use in your school?
How many of them are in use in your home?
13. Write the answers to Test your Lighting IQ.
14. Your sister comments at dinner, "Weren't the crepuscular rays we saw last evening spectacular?"
15. Biology is the study of living things. A scientist who focuses on biology is called a biologist. What is the science of the study of light called?
Complete this Lights On

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.770433
Retrieved Text: Can I do UV imaging from my mobile camera?
I know optical brighteners are used in most white papers, but are they commonly used in other colors of paper such as greys, pastels, etc?
I have used a lense filter. Still some red spot appeared in my click.Please help me to sort out this problem. Thankew.
What is a Nikon “LlBc” screw-on lens filter?
I am using panasonic 25mm 1.7 lens in olympus omd-em10 ii body. Neither of them have a uv coating. Will it hurt lens/processor health if I use it without filter?
Can I put a blacklight lamp into my softbox?
I have a softbox with an E27 bulb holder. Will it take a Blacklight lamp?
I'm an amateur and I'm buying a Nikon D5200. What exactly are filters used for? Do I need one for basic nature photography?
Is a quartz lens necessary to prevent UV blocking on full spectrum enabled cameras?
How to filter non-ultraviolet portions of the EM spectrum on a camera (Eg, needing a UV pass filter)?
How do you focus a shot with an IR/UV passfilter?
How do I know the lightbulb I am buying is UV-filtered?
I know that digital sensors have filters that filter out UV and IR light and thus do not require UV filters, but what about film? Are IR or UV filters required when shooting film?
Do UV filters stop excessive blue light?
Does custom white balance cancel out the pink of skylight filter?
What is the difference between UV and Skylight filters?
Does UV light pass through the fabric of a softbox?
What does UV coating do for a flash

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.729905
Retrieved Text: If you love celebrating the 4th of July with sparklers, then I have a fun 4th of July family craft for you: light painting!
My kids LOVE the 4th of July! They love going to carnivals and watching the fireworks. Another activity they look forward to every year is sparklers. We usually buy a big bulk of sparklers at one of our local stores, like Walmart, and light the sparklers after our cookout.
Last year, my family and I tried light painting using sparklers and we had a lot of fun! If you’re a photography enthusiast, then you are probably already familiar with light painting. For those of you who do not know what light painting means, it is really easy to learn.
Travis and Zhen (age 3 at the time) light painting with sparklers.
What is Light Painting in Photography?
Light painting in photography is a technique where the photographer uses long-exposure to capture moving light. Sometimes you can make objects or words from the moving light. (See our examples in the photographs below.) You can use many different types of light forms for light painting, such as a flashlight, glow stick, or candles. For the sake of this tutorial, we used sparklers.
“Light painting is an imaging technique that uses a moving light source to add light to an under-illuminated subject while taking a long-exposure photograph. A scene or object can be brought to life by painting with a beam of light!” —“What is Light Painting?” Wunderlich, Bruce. Digital Photography School.
Michala (age 14 at the time) enjoyed making spirals with

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.716454
Retrieved Text: Life on the Earth would be dull and even impossible without science and scientific inventions. Russian scientists have achieved great success in the development of physics, especially atomic physics, chemistry, biology, and others.
Let's take peaceful atom, for e.g. Atomic icebreakers lead caravans of ships through the thick Arctic icefields. Atomic power stations give electric power to many towns, factories, villagers and farms in Russia (the peaceful atom has its role in medicine, too). A lot of robots have been built in our country for industry, transport (remember tractors in Chernobyl ), medicine and agriculture.
Not long ago in 1955 the world “laser” became known, too. The first laser was invented by the American Theodor Maiman. A laser is a machine for making and concentrating light waves into a very intense beam. The letters LASER stand for Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation. The light made by a laser is more intense than ordinary light all the light waves are of different length and with the laser there are same length and this increases the intensity.
Lasers are used now for many scientific, medical and industrial purposes. The thin beam of light gives a lot of heat and is used to join metal, when a very small joint is needed. The beam can also be used as a drill to make holes in steal or even diamonds. Because the beam is very small it's very important in delicate surgery and is used in eye operations.
Laser today are used also in electronics, communications, in machine building and in many

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.688073
Retrieved Text: what size rug pad for 8x10 rug what size rug pad for rug 8 by rug photo 1 of 6 cheap 8 what size rug pad for what size rug pad for 8x10 rug.
death star conference room custom death star conference room backdrop.
pittsburgh steeler license plate glitter car accessory license plate.
3m protective film for cars heat resistant tint car window film sun shade film for car glass width.
led light decor inspiration ideas decorative led lights for homes with decorative led lights for homes led lights for submersible led light centerpiece ideas led light decoration ideas for diwali.
flatfair com reviews flat fair furniture l reviews club regarding inspirations 3 flatfair reviews flatfair customer reviews.
used dining room sets this is sample the trestle table that have used at indoor as long dining room tables used best interior.
rittenhouse square daltile square in color suede gray.
pocket door edge pull by solid brass pocket door edge pull in oil rubbed bronze.
cl stone is sent home penniless and thankless for the job shes done protecting her country on her way home she meets a demon who tests her.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.685724
Retrieved Text: Want us to alert you to timely items about holidays and special observances that you can put to immediate use in your classroom?
Join our Holidays Hot List!
Click here to join our Holidays Hot List!
October 21, 1879 Thomas Edison first used the carbonized thread that would allow him to develop the first practical light bulb, presenting a teachable moment for the consideration of Thomas Edison, the incandescent light bulb, and the history of technology.
Strategies: 1. Focus on Thomas Edison, his life and his inventions.
2. Focus on the development of the light bulb, and its impact on modern society.
3. Focus on the process of invention, and inventions that have changed our world.
Who was Thomas Edison, and who else contributed to the invention of the light bulb?
What problems had to be solved to create the first light bulb?
When did Edison live, and when did he invent the light bulb?
Where was Edison born, and where did Edison do his work?
Why did Edison develop the light bulb, and why was this such an important invention?
How did Edison go about inventing the light bulb, and how long did it take him?
2. What else did Edison invent?
3. How is Edison's original light bulb different from the light bulbs used today?
4. What problem solving skills did Edison have to use to invent the light bulb?
5. Why was the light bulb invented when it was? What other recent events had made it possible to now invent the light bulb?
Activities: 1. Imagine a world that existed prior to the light bulb, and then make a list

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.681149
Retrieved Text: In our study of Matthew chapter 5, we move from the Beatitudes to what is often called The Similitudes. Here Jesus is saying that the citizens of His kingdom are salt and light of this world. We first need to understand what these things meant in the time of Jesus. Salt was used for much more than it is used today. It was used in offering Leviticus 2:13, or ratification of covenants Numbers18:19, friendship between people or tribes, disinfectant after childbirth Ezekiel 16:4, and as currency. Most importantly it was used for preservation of meats. This is what Jesus had in mind when he said these things. He knew that the world system is decaying and has placed us in this world to preserve it. As human beings, we corrupt everything and our sinful desires are influencing and destroying society. Christian influence is the only preservative. Where there is a strong, just and compassionate society there will be a strong Christian influence. The Holy Spirit has been given to this world to restrain lawlessness. This is the same Holy Spirit that lives within us as Christians. We have what the world needs. Jesus says this is what we already are not just what we should be.
1. How do we as Christians slow the decay of the world around us?
How can you, or do you stand up for what is right?
2. How is your Christian influence preserving the world around you?
Are you truly acting as salt and light?
3. As a community group, how can we be salt

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.676789
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK (AP) - Bud Light is touting that it doesn't use corn syrup, but that doesn't make it nutritionally much different from its competitors.
The best-selling beer in the U.S. ran a medieval-themed Super Bowl ad on Sunday night that mocked rivals Miller Lite and Coors Light for using the sweetener. Social media chatter over the ad got a boost when the National Corn Growers Association expressed its disapproval in a tweet.
Sweeteners and starches can be used in the fermenting process to make beers, even if little remains in the end product. In fact, 12-ounce cans of Bud Light and Miller Lite list zero grams of sugar, while Coors Light lists 1 gram. Each has around 100 calories, with carbs ranging from about 3 to 7 grams.
Bud Light uses rice instead of corn syrup in its fermenting process, but does it matter what type of starch or sweetener is used?
Harry Schuhmacher, editor of Beer Business Daily, said the fermenting aids used to make lighter beers might result in slight differences in taste, but they generally serve the same purpose.
"You could use doughnuts if you wanted," he said.
Garrett Oliver, brewmaster for Brooklyn Brewery, said corn and rice are used in fermenting to lighten the overall character and flavor of beers, but he agreed that there was not much difference in the ingredients used for that purpose. He said the Bud Light ad seems to play into the unhealthy image of high-fructose corn syrup.
Corn syrup isn't exactly the same as table sugar or the high-fructose corn syrup used

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.662988
Retrieved Text: We are providing 4 in one torch light. Diamond 10 watt led waterproof rechargeable torch and search light is a fully rechargeable torch light we brought with a various facility.
Check out these interesting ads related to "aaa led torch"
Can be used to charge mobile , mp3 ,torch , hand torch & light. Special offer! A 2Pack 10000LM LED Zoomable USED See the image for more details THIS IS THE PICTURE OF THE ITEM TO BE SOLD , YOU WILL GET WHAT YOU SEE .

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.657874
Retrieved Text: The BG Low Profile 10A 2 Way 1 Gang Light Switch has a durable metal construction and can be used alongside a second switch to control a light fitting from two places.
The BG Low Profile 10A 2 Way 1 Gang Light Switch has a sleek and durable metal design with softly rounded edges. Its attractive pearl nickel finish is lightly lacquered to reduce finger marks. This switch can be used in conjunction with a second 2-way switch, if needed, to control the same light fitting from two positions. It can also be used on its own.
Manufactured to BS EN 60669-1 specifications, the Low Profile 10A 2 Way 1 Gang Light Switch requires a minimum 16mm mounting box depth. It includes an integral gasket for moisture protection and captive terminal screws for easier installation.
Co-ordinating items from the same BG Nexus range are available from Lyco. A reassuring manufacturer's guarantee of 25 years is supplied with this product.
Appears well made and was just what we wanted.
A very good product that is well made and durable, resists finger marking and looks the part.
Very good quality product and at the best price we could find. Just what we were looking for.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.649346
Retrieved Text: What is RGB Book Lamp ?
Yunsun LED is professional indoor LED light manufacturer since 2004. LED Recessed Downlight is designed and specialized for north American market: Die-casting Aluminum material ! 4 inch and 6 inch for your option. The recessed downlight led is using Philip SMD3030 Led, that the lumen can do as high as 1000lm. Ra90 can do. 0-100% dimming , the dimming IC driver is from USA, that match with Lutron and Leviton dimmers in American market. UL and Energy Star certificated. UL: 480667. Energy Star: CS20740. Also Yunsun has their own technical team to do their own driver to control the quality and cost of LED light. It can be used in hotel, home and store . Also it is very good quality to do all kind of project.
What is Yunsun Candle Bulb ?
Yunsun LED is professional indoor LED light manufacturer since 2004. Newest CRI95 Dimmable COB Spotlight has GU10 LED Spotlight and MR16 led spotlight, details as following: 1, Beam Angle: 30°/60° 2, Wattage option: 4W/5W/6W, equival 40W-70W halogen lamp. 3, Dimmabe or non-dimmable for option 4: 6063 internation standard Aluminum material 5: CRI97, high truelux International patented Kulad lens, unique design. NXP from Philips dimming IC, 0-100% dimmable, match with traic dimmers in market It can be used in hotel, home and store . Also it is very good quality to do all kind of project. Yunsun LED have come a long way since they first appeared on the market back in 2004. And Most of there LED bulb has international

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.635332
Retrieved Text: Prekindergarten teacher Ms. Sammy is using the Light Blox kit with her students, making for some great STEAM projects.
Ms. Sammy’s prekindergarten students used the lights from the Light Blox kit to shine light onto paper plates. The students discovered that they could see the light shine through the plate.
Students then used a paper plate with gold and silver glitter to shine the light on. They observed that the light reflected off of the plates with glitter.
Finally, students created their own glitter plates to take home and demonstrate what they learned to their families – the same light effect can also be established using a flashlight.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.629154
Retrieved Text: To see in the dark, all the optical devices that might be helpful for this purpose need to have a source of light present. They are what specialists call light or image intensifiers, and they cannot present you with an image of your surroundings in conditions of absolute darkness. Of course, such a thing would be difficult to achieve, so, for the most part, night vision goggles and other similar devices can do a pretty good job of helping you see in the dark.
However, since such devices use the exterior light to enhance the image in front of the people handling them, there was another problem to address. Strong light sources, suddenly appearing in the field of view, could create such conditions that users of night vision devices risked temporary blindness.
How have night vision devices evolved?
Since the point of using a night vision item could become null if a simple flashlight was pointed at the person using it, specialists in the field thought about creating devices that were not as susceptible to dangers such as the one mentioned just earlier.
For this particular reason, something called a light limiter was invented. Today, all the modern equipment used for night vision comes with such light limiters. The role of this feature, as you may well suspect, is to make sure that light sources that are strong enough to mess up with the intensifying light feature of your gear will no longer interfere.
But how does such a unit work? You may wonder. The point of using night vision is

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.598711
Retrieved Text: Topic: can i know what the tools u used for this pain..its amazing one?!
Right side picture consists of circles which are ready made lightweight pieces. It is made of foam pads have adhesive which make application very easy. Just paste these circles on the smooth wall.
These are not only available in circles, other shapes such as square, rectangular, fish are also available.
Are you beginner in gardening and don’t know about gardening tools? To properly maintain your garden, you should have ..
What are various tools used for the installation of Fluorescent tube light?
Fluorescent light tubes come in many shapes and sizes. An increasingly popular one is the compact fluorescent light bu..

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.585492
Retrieved Text: Q : Could this grout be used on a porcelain slab patio outside?
Ultracolor would be suitable for exterior use and can be used with porcelain slab tiles.
The Ultracolor Manhattan (Light Grey) 110 Flexible Grout 5kg would cover approx 25sqm on a 300x300mm tile with a thickness of 9mm, this is a rough estimate based on a 2mm grout line.
Q : Hello, what colour grey grout do you recommend to match to Doblo Matt Light Grey Porcelain tiles?
With the Doblo Matt Light Grey Porcelain tiles, we recommend using Ultracolor Manhattan (Light Grey) 110 Flexible Grout 5kg (SKU: 6011005A).
Q : Is this suitable to use with electric underfloor heating?
Our Ultracolor Manhattan (Light Grey) 110 Flexible Grout 5kg is suitable for use with underfloor heating.
Our Ultracolor Manhattan (Light Grey) 110 Flexible Grout 5kg would be more than suitable for our Lounge Light Grey Matt Porcelain Tiles as it is what we recommend on our checkout page.
Tile Mountain were great in chasing up the order when there were multiple delays caused by the delivery firm. Can’t fault them. However, they really should use a far more reliable firm.
Good service, fast delivery and high quality product. What more do you need!
Good value and reliable company,arrived on time .Two tiles was damaged at the corner but luckily think we have enough.The tiles what's on are looking good would recommend these tiles and company.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.571601
Retrieved Text: This week I had the opportunity to do some indoor photography in the house of a friend. The idea was to snap a quick photo of him, as I need to have one more photo for an article I was about to submit to digital photography school on the creative use of rim light.
He is deeply in love with Japanese culture, so was without a surprise that he had a Katana hanged around: what better prop to use for rim light?
If you don't know what rim light is, while waiting for DPS to publish my article in a couple of weeks, think at rim light as the opposite of a silhouette. In the silhouette, you have the shape of the subject, in black, against a white background. In rim light, you hide the flash behind the subject and instead of aiming to the background, you turn it towards the subject and let the light spill over the edges of the subject shape. Below, a typical setup is shown: the bare flash is often used between full and 1/4 of full power and a black background is used to adsorb any stray light.
If no other light sources are used, the resulting image is very dark and it has a moody and a mysterious feeling, as only a hint of what is going on on the set is readily shown to the viewer.
This natural mysteriousness character in rim light is, to me, the reason why I do this kind of photography. This, and the fact that it is

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.563095
Retrieved Text: What is ISO? Let's begin by looking at the basics of the photographic process and replacing your camera sensor with a plate. That's what they used in the first days of photography, and even though technology is light years away from what things used to look like, the principle is essentially the same. In order to obtain a photographic image, a photo sensitive surface must be exposed to light .The plates that were being used in the early 20th century were made sensitive manually, with the help of certain chemical substances. Their sensitivity was generally a lot lower than that of film or digital cameras, so they had to be exposed for seconds or even minutes. If you wanted a more sensitive plate, you had to modify the formula and so on.
Fast forward to the film years, each roll of film had a certain sensitivity. The most used ISO speeds were 100 and 200, pretty much like today. If you wanted a different ISO, you had to change film and that was kind of limiting.
Digital photography has taken care of that. You can change the ISO on any digital camera, including the one on your cell phone. The ISO value is directly related to the conditions you are photographing in. Low values equal a low sensitivity to light and higher values make the sensor more sensitive to light. So far so good. Shooting outdoors in normal weather conditions when the light is generous, a value of 100 or 200 should be enough. As the light fades,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.560413
Retrieved Text: Light pollution is often characterized as a soft issue in environmentalism. This perception needs to change. Light at night constitutes a massive assault on the ecology of the planet, including us. It also has indirect impacts because, while 20 per cent of electricity is used for lighting worldwide, at least 30 per cent of that light is wasted. Wasted light serves no purpose at all, and excessive lighting is too often used beyond what is needed for driving, or shopping, or Friday-night football.
Author Richard G ‘Bugs’ Stevens is professor of community medicine and health care in the School of Medicine at the University of Connecticut, USA.

================



======= Instance Index 458 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Bacteria are?" and the following answer choices: 
- larger than giraffes
 - negative
 - bigger than the Sun
 - very small
 - contamination
 - very large
 - survive
 - genus

Now knowing that cells vary in size as well as shape, but all cells are very small and bacteria are single-celled animals, choose the best answer.

Target Text: very small

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.461972
Retrieved Text: tek 4A.Could Bacteria-Fighting Viruses Replace Overused Antibiotics?
antibiotics are being overused and are becoming less effective as time goes on because the bacteria is always changing and adapting to survive so the antibiotics could never really stop bacteria only suppress the effects. viruses on the other hand specifically phages kill bacteria not human cells. each phage can only attack a specific bacteria string.
tek 4b For bacteria what is the difference of bacilli, cocci, and spirilla?
the difference between all of these things are their shape.
4a Why are bacteria so different from normal cells?
well for starters human,plant and animals are all eukaryotic cells and most bacteria are prokaryotic. bacteria and more primitive than animal and humans cells and the contents in the cell membrane.
4a Compare and contrast prokaryotes and eukaryotes.
4b How do bacteria reproduce?
bacteria produce by binary fission and what this is, is a bacteria strand that is divided and made into 2 exact copies (daughter cells) this can occurs around every 20 minutes if the conditions are a good condition.
4b Can bacteria live without a host organism?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.298341
Retrieved Text: There are over 500 types of bacteria and yeast that live inside of our guts alone! Not to mention that every single surface of the planet is covered in bacteria - from the smell of the rain to assisting plants with uptaking nutrition at the roots - bacteria are intimately involved in every aspect of life in our galaxy!
Why do we call ourselves "Bacteria Powered"?
Bacteria live all over our bodies - both inside & out.
Bacteria make up over 90% of the cells in your body - we are only 10% human cells!
Bacteria break down the food in our gut, create vitamins, help us absorb nutrition from our food and keep our immune system strong.
Kombucha, kvass, kefir, jun, kraut, kimchi, salami, wine, beer and more are all bacteria rich foods that keep our bodies in balance and running the way mother (bacteria) nature intended. Show your love for all things bacteria with this glossy sticker. The perfect gift for fermentation fans, bacteriologists and all bacteriosapiens in your life.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.282011
Retrieved Text: Mutations can result in antibiotic resistance in bacteria. Resistant bacteria survive antibiotic treatment and can increase in numbers by natural selection.
Bacteria grow and multiply fast and can reach large numbers. When bacteria multiply, one cell divides into two cells. Before the bacterium can divide, it needs to make two identical copies of the DNA in its chromosome; one for each cell. Every time the bacterium goes through this process there is a chance (or risk, depending on the end result) that errors occur; so-called mutations. These mutations are random and can be located anywhere in the DNA. Mutations can also form due to external factors like radiation or harmful chemicals.
While some mutations are harmful to the bacteria, others can provide an advantage given the right circumstances. Here, Darwin’s theory of natural selection comes in. If a mutation gives the bacterium an advantage in a particular environment, this bacterium will grow better than its neighbors and can increase in numbers – it is selected for.
Mutations are one way for bacteria to become resistant to antibiotics. Some spontaneous mutations (or genes that have been acquired from other bacteria through horizontal gene transfer) may make the bacterium resistant to an antibiotic (See: Resistance mechanisms for information about how bacteria resist antibiotic action). If we were to treat the bacterial population with that specific antibiotic, only the resistant bacteria will be able to multiply; the antibiotic selects for them. These bacteria can now increase in numbers and the end result is a population of mainly resistant bacteria.
Figure 1. Natural selection

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.277485
Retrieved Text: Resources in Bacterial Takeover include unique collectibles like Minerals or Evolved Bacteria and basic currency like Bacteria and Gene Strands.
Most resources are lost when attacking planets or upon entering a Black Hole, but some — for example Diamonds and Dark Matter — are never lost unless they are actually used to purchase or research something.
Bacteria are your main resource. They are used for purchasing and upgrading colonies and attacking planets.
The primary source of Bacteria is purchasing Bacteria colonies, but there are several other ways as well.
Bacteria can reach large numbers very quickly, which are displayed using abbreviations or scientific notification, if it has been enabled in the settings menu.
The player loses all his Bacteria when attacking a planet or entering a Black Hole. In doing so, more valuable resources are obtained and new Bacteria can be produced faster.
Gene Strands are resources that can be used to purchase various upgrades. Gene Strands and Gene Strand upgrades are not lost after attacking a planet.
Unspent Gene Strands provide a 1% increase to global BPS. This can be increased to 2% by researching Schroedinger's Gene at the Dark Matter Institute.
New Gene Strands can be obtained by killing a percentage of a planet's population.
When entering a Black Hole, Gene Strand upgrades are lost, but the unspent Gene Strands are transformed into Dark Matter.
Evolved Bacteria can be discovered through Bacteria Evolution at the Research Lab.
A player can equip up to 3 Evolved Bacteria at one time, but there are no limitations as to how many Evolved Bacteria can be owned.
The Evolved Bacteria

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.263326
Retrieved Text: a group of Gram-positive BACTERIA (see GRAM'S STAIN that carry out a LACTIC ACID FERMENTATION in which SUGARS, such as LACTOSE, are converted to lactic acid. The acidity inhibits the GROWTH of competing bacteria. These bacteria are used in the food industry, for example in the preparation of dairy products, pickles and sauerkraut, but they can also cause food spoilage. Such bacteria are found in the GENUS Lactobacillus.
Selection criteria for lactic acid bacteria to be used as functional starter cultures in dry sausage production: An update.
Since lactic acid bacteria exhibit their inhibitory actions against unwanted organisms due mainly to production of lactic acid, leading to reduction in the pH of the medium and thereby creating an inconducive environment for potential pathogens and spoilage organisms, efforts are being intensified to promote secretion of the organic acid by manipulation of the growing medium.
Antibacterial activity of lactic acid bacteria included in inoculants for silage and in silages treated with these inoculants.
Many researchers concluded that a fresh material could be effectively foddered with a suitable dry matter composition, 30-50 g kg-1 DM of fermentable sugar, low BC, and lactic acid bacteria populations more than 1 x105 CFU g-1 FM (Weinberg, 2008).
Avian reovirus sigma C enhances the mucosal and systemic immune responses elicited by antigenconjugated lactic acid bacteria.
Applications and interactions of bacteriocins from lactic acid bacteria in foods and beverages.
Screening of lactic acid bacteria isolated from fermented table olives with probiotic potential.
Lactic acid bacteria are also popular in food systems due to their GRAS status.
However, although adapted to lactic acid bacteria

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.248323
Retrieved Text: Pluspng provides you with HQ Bacteria HD.png, psd, icons, and vectors. All of these Bacteria HD resources are for download on Pluspng.
Browse our Bacteria HD collection, Free PNG images Catalogue. Look at Bacteria PNG HD.
Bacteria PNG HD images. Use these free Bacteria PNG HD for your personal projects or designs.
This is the Bacteria HD PNG image archive. Here we go. Optimized for high quality, these are the simplest png in the line style. Downloadable format are PNG (Portable Network Graphics), among others. PlusPng Png Bacteria PNG Clipart pack is unique in providing a huge number of png style by the same team of four designers who create the new png every working day in the same style and with the same high quality.
Are you searching for Bacteria HD png images? Choose from HD Bacteria HD.png graphic-images resources and download in the form of PNG, PSD or EPS.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.233027
Retrieved Text: Bacteria are microscopic, single-celled organisms that exist in their millions, in every environment, both inside and outside other organisms.
Some bacteria are harmful, but most serve a useful purpose. They support many forms of life, both plant and animal, and they are used in industrial and medicinal processes.
Bacteria are thought to have been the first organisms to appear on earth, about 4 billion years ago. The oldest known fossils are of bacteria-like organisms.
Bacteria can use most organic and some inorganic compounds as food, and some can survive extreme conditions.
A growing interest in the function of the gut microbiome is shedding new light on the roles bacteria play in human health.
Bacteria are single-cell organisms that are neither plants nor animals.
They usually measure a few micrometers in length and exist together in communities of millions.
The earth is estimated to hold at least 5 nonillion bacteria, and much of the earth's biomass is thought to be made up of bacteria.
There are many different types of bacteria. One way of classifying them is by shape. There are three basic shapes.
Spherical: Bacteria shaped like a ball are called cocci, and a single bacterium is a coccus. Examples include the streptococcus group, responsible for "strep throat."
Rod-shaped: These are known as bacilli (singular bacillus). Some rod-shaped bacteria are curved. These are known as vibrio. Examples of rod-shaped bacteria include Bacillus anthracis (B. anthracis), or anthrax.
Spiral: These are known as spirilla (singular spirillus). If their coil is very tight they are known as spirochetes. Leptospirosis, Lyme disease, and syphilis are caused by bacteria of this

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.211801
Retrieved Text: Growing bacteria at home is actually pretty simple. With adult supervision, kids in grade 3 and up can experiment with bacteria found in the air, on household surfaces, and even on their own hands! Buy everything you need for less, including a manual explaining how to grow bacteria in a petri dish. Perfect to use for a science fair project!
Aren’t bacteria too tiny to see?
But with this bacteria growing kit, you can culture a microbe colony that’s large enough to see without a microscope. Kit includes prepared agar, Petri dishes, bacteria growing guide, and more.
Heat the nutrient agar in the microwave, pour into Petri dishes, and let cool.
Use a sterile swab to gather a bacteria sample and transfer it to the petri dish by drawing a zig-zag on the surface of the agar.
Replace the lid, tape it shut, and leave the petri dish undisturbed, checking for bacteria growth daily.
This bacteria experiment kit includes enough prepared nutrient agar for 20 Petri dishes. Along with 20 sterile swabs & culture plates, antibacterial iodine solution, a step-by-step how-to grow bacteria experiment guide, and more, kids can also test the anti-bacterial effects of common household cleaners. This kit has plenty of bacteria-growing supplies for a small classroom or for students working in groups.
Bacterial growth is best at 85-90 degrees. Consider setting cultured Petri dishes under a task lamp.
Although you’ll see bacteria growing sooner (and possibly mold & yeast!), allow 7 days from start to finish for your experiment or science fair project.
Label the bottom of your cultured petri dish with

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.210636
Retrieved Text: are living organisms that consist of one cell.
Bacteria are the smallest of all living things.
Bacteria are the oldest and most diverse life forms.
Some bacteria are used to fight off harmful infections. Where would you find these helpful bacteria in the human body?
What is the significance of scientist Alexander Fleming accidentally finding a single mold growing in a used petri dish?
All petri dishes should be sterilized to prevent cross contamination.
It was the first form of cell mutation.
It was penicillin, a powerful antibiotic that kills bacteria.
He had created a toxic substance without even trying.
In which of these foods might you find E. coli?
What do bacteria in our soils and waterways do to help our environment?
They serve as food for other organisms.
They decompose dead organisms and animal wastes into chemical elements.
Once ingested, they can protect animals from transmitted diseases.
They can protect plants from diseases.
the desert and hot springs.
What has caused some bacteria to become drug-resistant?
What do helpful bacteria do for humans and animals?
They help digest food and destroy harmful organisms in the intestines.
Intestinal bacteria help the body absorb vitamins.
They live in their stomachs to help digest food.
Which of the following is an example of how bacteria can help change a chemical into a form that can be used by plants?
Some bacteria convert carbon monoxide in the air into nutrients for plants.
Some bacteria convert nitrogen in soil into nitrate.
Some bacteria convert oxygen in water into nitrogen used by plants.
Some bacteria convert nitrogen in water into nitrogen used by plants.
اني راح اجاوب حسب منهج السبعينات الي درسنا عليه..

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.198807
Retrieved Text: Researchers at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health have for the first time identified the genetic mechanisms involved in the formation and survival of L-form bacteria. Their findings are described in a study published Oct. 6 in the journal PLoS ONE.
L-form bacteria, which were first discovered in the 1930s, are morphological variants of classic bacteria that lack a cell wall. Under specialized growth conditions, L-form bacteria are capable of forming a typical “fried egg” colony, so called because it resembles a fried egg rather than the smooth appearance of a classic bacteria colony. These bacteria are believed to form in response to cell wall stress from certain antibiotics or the body’s immune attack and are suspected to be associated with antibiotic-resistant and persistent infections, as well as with certain diseases.
Zhang says that L-form bacteria are difficult to study because their biology and the circumstances favoring the transition of classic bacteria into L-forms are not fully understood; in addition, specialized culture conditions are required for study. Most research on L-form bacteria was largely abandoned in the 1980s before modern molecular tools could be applied, but renewed interest in L-form bacteria has recently emerged.
For the study, Zhang and colleagues William Glover, a graduate student at the Bloomberg School, and Yanqin Yang, a senior program analyst with the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, conducted a genomewide gene expression analysis of L-form colonies of E. coli bacteria. They identified interesting stress genes and pathways that overlap with persisters and biofilm bacteria.
Furthermore, the authors carried out mutant screens and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.171516
Retrieved Text: Did you know that your body is loaded with bacteria? In fact, there are more bacteria in your body than there are cells. Located primarily in the digestive system, most bacteria are harmless. When you have enough of the right bacteria in your body, your overall health is improved. This is why many resort to the “good bacteria” known as probiotics for improved digestive health. When consumed either in supplement or food form, they help to colonize health-boosting microorganisms.
Best defined as tiny microorganisms, probiotics can be found in supplement or food form. When ingested, their bacteria-like attributes provide a plethora of health benefits to your body. Though probiotics can be found in certain foods, it can also be found in pills or dietary supplements. The live organisms are believed to help balance gut bacteria and improve your health.
Balancing of Gut Bacteria – the gut or stomach is filled with both good and bad bacteria. When the gut becomes imbalanced, it ideally means that there are more bad than good bacteria present. There are a lot of reasons this could have occurred including medication, poor eating habits, or illness. When consumed, probiotics help to balance bacteria in the gut for improved digestion.
Prevents and/or Treats Diarrhea – If your stomach starts rumbling and your bowels are loose, chances are you’re dealing with a case of diarrhea. This is a sign that your gut bacteria is off balance. Taking probiotics can help to restore levels of good bacteria which help to reduce the severity or completely stop diarrhea.
Improves Mood

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.17096
Retrieved Text: Reduce waste and odor in Outhouses and Campground holes.
Odormute Outhouse Formula started off as Ryter's Green Label Quick John formula. Trusted for over 50 years, it contains bacteria and enzymes that degrade waste into a ground-absorbing liquid and aid in odor control. Odormute Outhouse Formula is designed for use in outdoor toilets, outhouses, and campground facilities. A blend of Aerobic and Anaerobic Bacteria with natural and synthetic enzymes.
Odormute Outhouse Formula is a blend of aerobic and anaerobic Bacillus bacteria with natural enzymes. These “friendly and helpful” bacteria are added to a favorable environment, like an Outhouse or Septic tank, and the spores germinate into growing cells that activate enzyme systems and begin feeding on the available nutrients. Outhouse Formula contains five strains of Bacillus bacteria including two bacterial strains which are facultative anaerobes. Facultative Anaerobic bacteria work both with and without oxygen.
Why Both Bacteria and Enzymes?
Bacteria are not enzymes, they are living cells. Bacteria (sometimes called sacks of enzymes) produce and use enzymes to breakdown chemical compounds. Enzymes are proteins which accelerate biological reactions. Enzymes act as catalysts that bind with another chemical that is then broken down. Enzymes provide the “spark” to get the bacteria up and moving to perform their job!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.168402
Retrieved Text: Bacteria are microorganisms made up of a single cell. A single teaspoon of soil can contain up to a billion bacterial cells. Unsurprisingly, the bacteria population of a jar of soil can probably easily outnumber the human population. While a single bacteria cell is invisible to the naked eye and can only be seen under a powerful microscope, we can see bacteria when they live together in colonies.
Scientists attempt to categorise bacteria into smaller, discrete groups based on how similar their DNA is. These groups are known as phyla (singular: phylum). The DNA of bacteria within the same phylum are more similar, compared to those from another phylum. However, even within a phylum, bacteria remain incredibly diverse and like every living organism, bacteria come in all shapes and sizes.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.165762
Retrieved Text: Locomotion or motility is important characteristic of bacteria. Bacterial locomotion is of three types: Flagellar, Spirochaetal and Gliding movement. The word motility, movement and locomotion are used synonymously.
This type of motility is caused by flagella, cell surface appendages. Flagellum has typical structure; it is embedded in cell wall by S ring or stator (hook) and basal body or motor. M ring is attached to the flagellum and acts like a rotor (shaft). P and L are also present and work like bearings or bushers. Basal body is powered by proton energy, which is movement of ions between M and S rings. Transformation of proton energy into work operates flagella in clockwise and counterclockwise directions. Depending upon location of flagella, bacteria can swim smoothly, reverse the movement backward or forward or tumble. Peritrichously flagellated bacteria bear flagella all over the surface move by tumbling or anticlockwise swimming. Polar flagella (mono, bi or multipolar) are present at the ends of cell and bacteria move in one direction and as well as in reversal. Flagellar motility is present in Pseudomonas, Vibrio, Spirillum, Azospirillum, Klebsiella, Salmonella, Proteus and etc.
Spirochaetal movement is seen in all genera of bacterial group (V), 'The Spirochetes' of Bergey's Manual of Determinative Bacteriology. Important genera include, Spirochaeta, Cristispira, Treponema, Borrelia and Leptospira. Spirochetes are helical bacteria. They have flagella like axial filament buried in space between inner and outer membranes of cell wall. Axial filament is composed of 2 or more fibrils which are embedded in inner membrane and acts like basal body or motor. Spirochetes

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.164051
Retrieved Text: The simplest form of life and yet the most important is bacteria. It consists of a single cell. The most important component of bacteria is its DNA. It is wrapped up like a ball of string and floats in a watery fluid contained in an outer wrapper called the cell membrane. The fluid inside the membrane called the cytoplasm is mostly water and a mix of organic chemicals such as enzymes that the cell has manufactured along with amino acids, glucose etc. At the center of the cell is the ball of DNA that carries the genetic code of the bacteria.
Some bacteria have limb like structures attached to their membrane called the flagellum that help propel bacteria. Different bacteria have different number of flagellum. Some have none. The shape of different bacteria too differs. Some are shaped like an ellipse, others may be squeezed in the middle or sides etc. Human cells have the same basic features as bacterial cells along with additional advanced features.
The cytoplasm of bacteria contains numerous chemicals such as enzymes. A simple bacterium contains numerous different enzymes manufactured by instructions provided by the bacterial DNA. Each enzyme helps to manufacture proteins required by bacteria to grow and multiply. Some bacteria are photosynthetic. They can make their own food from sunlight, just like plants and produce oxygen. These are some of the first life forms that must appear on any planet where life has to emerge since they have not much else in terms of food to consume. Some bacteria can live off

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.149642
Retrieved Text: The first and most common bacteria would be the anaerobic bacteria, Obligate Anaerobes. They are capable of living in places void of O2 and most will die in the presence of oxygen. Some agile bacteria are Facultative Anaerobes. These are able to live both in and out of an oxygen laden atmosphere but they are rare microbes. Clostridium, for example, is one bacterial genes that does not need oxygen to survive. Everyone’s smelled anaerobic decomposition inside the refrigerator on occasions. So to, we have all smelled the offensive odor of this culprit coming from an old garbage can. Byproducts of their anaerobic decay involve hydrogen sulfide which smells like rotten eggs, butyric acid which smells like vomit, ammonia which will set our nostrils reeling, and vinegar. Anaerobic conditions foster pathogenic bacteria and kill off beneficial aerobic bacteria.
The second bacteria type and the most important for live organic horticulture, is the aerobic bacteria, or Obligate Aerobes. Though respiration is crucial to life, the precise function that oxygen plays to maintain life is not readily understood. Essentially, in a microorganism that is capable of using it, O2 enables food compounds to be totally digested. This ensures that every possible amount of energy will be used for maintaining the cell. So the aerobic bacteria have the advantage of metabolic efficiency. Aerobic bacteria can create twenty times more energy, with the equivalent amount of organic compounds, than anaerobic bacteria. What is more, aerobic bacteria aren’t generally known to produce horrible odors. One bacteria in the order of Actinomycetales, genus Streptomyces

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.146987
Retrieved Text: Well, normally I find popular press stories about getting rid of dust and bacteria to be mostly fear mongering. But this article from WebMD (which much of the time I have complaints about) actually seems worth a look: Are Vacuum Cleaners Bad for Your Health?. The article discusses in part new work from Australian researchers on indoor air quality and vacuuming. The paper is from Environmental Science and Technology: Vacuum Cleaner Emissions as a Source of Indoor Exposure to Airborne Particles and Bacteria. Environ. Sci. Technol., 2012, 46 (1), pp 534—54. DOI: 10.1021/es202946w. The article is currently freely available though I am not sure if that is permanent or not.
They then collected and/or analyzed particles and bacteria coming out of the vacuums. Bacteria were analyzed using culture independent methods (i.e., rRNA PCR) to quantify total bacteria in the sample (in essence qPCR).
We observed mean bacteria emission rates from cold and warm vacuums between 0 and 7.4 Ã— 105 bacteria min^-1. Bacteria emissions were poorly correlated with those of particles and also vacuum temperature, price, and age. ERs of bacteria from cold and warm vacuums were not correlated. There was no apparent relationship with the presence of an exhaust HEPA filter or estimated dust content (percent full) of the container or bag. Interestingly, the bacteria content of the dust collector was poorly correlated with bacteria emissions from cold and warm vacuums.
Our results suggest that different factors are responsible for emission of particles and bacteria across the vacuums we tested. Moreover, the bacteria content of dust in the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.141826
Retrieved Text: When plants and animals die, they become food for decomposers like bacteria, fungi and earthworms. Decomposers or saprotrophs recycle dead plants and animals into chemical nutrients like carbon and nitrogen that are released back into the soil, air and water.
Bacteria can be found everywhere. They live in the water, in the air and on land. Bacteria are prokaryotic, which means they don't have a nucleus or a mitochondrea like other single-celled organisms.
Bacteria are among the smallest forms of life on Earth. In fact, you may have up to 100 million bacteria in your body right now! Some bacteria are harmful and cause diseases like typhoid and cholera. Other bacteria are helpful.
You have bacteria in your digestive tract that kills more harmful bacteria. Some ruminants like moose, sheep, and deer have bacteria in their stomachs that help them digest plants. Bacteria help turn milk into cheese, cucumbers into pickles and cabbage into sauerkraut. Other bacteria help decompose dead plants and animals.
Most species of legumes (alfalfa, lentils, beans, chick-peas, peas, peanuts) and bacteria have a symbiotic relationship. A symbiotic relationship is one in which two species benefit each other. The roots of most of these plants have a nitrogen-fixing bacteria, rhizobium, that changes nitrogen in the air into the nitrates the plants need to synthesize proteins.
Rhizobium bacteria invade the root hairs of the plants. They multiply and help root nodules grow. Then the bacteria changes free nitrogen, or the nitrogen from the air, to nitrates. Species in this order leave some of the nitrates in the soil, which

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.139006
Retrieved Text: How does salmonella typhimurium bacteria spread?
Does mebendazole kill good intestinal bacteria?
No bacteria: Mebendazole kills parasites, not bacteria.
Will cefixime (surpax) kill yersinia and proteus mirabillis bacteria?
Can probiotics eliminate feces smelling breath?
Suggests contamination with urogenital or skin flora. >100,000 CFU/ml Lactobacillus species. 20,000 CFU/ml mixed gram positive flora. What's it mean?
Does the "beneficial bacteria" in yogurt kill candida albicans overgrowth in your intestinal tract?
Will good hygiene prevent clostridium difficile infections?
Does vaginal fluid kill bacteria?
Are legionella bacteria and giardia connected?
Will giardia infection kill me?
Will hand sanitizers kill the h. Pylori bacteria?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.137464
Retrieved Text: Petri Dishes for Kids: Get Started Growing Bacteria Today!
Petri dishes are essential for growing bacteria.
A Petri dish is a shallow cylindrical glass or plastic lidded dish used to culture bacteria or small mosses.
Petri dishes are essential for bacteria science projects! Use them to grow bacteria cultures from around your house or live cultures like Bacillus subtillis. This pack comes with 20 sterile disposable 90 x 15 mm polystyrene petri dishes & covers. They are ready to fill - just add agar.
One 125 ml bottle of agar will fill about 10 petri dishes. (Just add enough to cover the bottom of the dish.) These plastic ones cannot be heat sterilized. They have been sterilized by deoxidation.
For some activities using petri dishes, check out our bacteria experiments. Other ideas: swab the inside of your cheek to see what kind of bacteria is in your mouth, study the bacteria that lives in soil or pondwater, and try growing photosynthetic bacteria.
Buy agar and other supplies separately.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.136791
Retrieved Text: Released earlier this month, the study focus on the microbiome of urban air. Bacteria can easily become airborne by being lofted into the air from the environment, shedding from humans, as well as other sources. The researchers looked at multiple urban, suburban, and rural sites in and near Xiamen, China. Xiamen is a port city located directly west of Taiwan across the Taiwan straight. It's known for its mild subtropical climate and relatively low air pollution. Summers are hot and humid while winters are mild and dry. The scientists also examined seasonal differences in the airborne bacteria.
About 2% of the bacteria sampled were pathogenic. During the summer it increased to 3% and during spring it fell to 1%. Although this seems low, humans breathe in a large amount of bacteria with every breath, though we have various defenses to protect from infection. During the summer, regions sampled near hospitals saw even higher percentages of pathogenic bacteria. The researchers examined all pathogenic bacteria. In this study, just over a third of disease-causing airborne microbes were infectious to humans. The other two-thirds infect plants, animals, and other organisms.
Why does urbanization increase both the number of airborne bacteria as well as the proportion that cause disease? Increasing urbanization raises the concentration of gas pollutants which can provide nutrients for microbes, supporting their survival and growth. Wastewater treatment plants are a large source of pathogenic bacteria. They concentrate other sources of bacteria, like feces, industrial and domestic sewage. Pathogenic bacteria can continue to grow in bioactivated sludge or effluents after

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.13657
Retrieved Text: Macrophage cell engulfing bacteria. Coloured transmission electron micrograph (TEM) of bacteria (centre, rod-shaped) inside a macrophage cell. The macrophage cell (a type of white blood cell) has engulfed the bacteria in a process that is called phagocytosis. The bacteria are contained in a structure called a vacuole (pale yellow), which is distinct from the surrounding cell cytoplasm (orange). The bacteria will be digested by enzymes from cellular storage structures called lysosomes (not seen). The bacteria are tuberculosis bacteria (Mycobacterium tuberculosis), most often found infecting the lungs.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.135895
Retrieved Text: Bacteria consist of only a single cell, but don't let their small size and seeming simplicity fool you. They're an amazingly complex and fascinating group of creatures. Bacteria have been found that can live in temperatures above the boiling point and in cold that would freeze your blood. They "eat" everything from sugar and starch to sunlight, sulfur and iron. There's even a species of bacteria—Deinococcus radiodurans—that can withstand blasts of radiation 1,000 times greater than would kill a human being.
Bacteria fall into a category of life called the Prokaryotes. Prokaryotes' genetic material, or DNA, is not enclosed in a cellular compartment called the nucleus. Bacteria and archaea are the only prokaryotes. All other life forms are Eukaryotes , creatures whose cells have nuclei.
Bacteria are among the earliest forms of life that appeared on Earth billions of years ago. Scientists think that they helped shape and change the young planet's environment, eventually creating atmospheric oxygen that enabled other, more complex life forms to develop. Many believe that more complex cells developed as once free-living bacteria took up residence in other cells, eventually becoming the organelles in modern complex cells. The mitochondria that make energy for your body cells is one example of such an organelle.
There are thousands of species of bacteria, but all of them are basically one of three different shapes. Some are rod- or stick-shaped and called bacilli.
Others are shaped like little balls and called cocci.
Others still are helical or spiral in shape, like the Borrelia .
Some bacterial cells exist as individuals while others

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.12891
Retrieved Text: Probiotics means "for life" and are products that contain live strains of bacteria incorporated into yoghurts, fruit juices or freeze-dried powders, which boost levels of the friendly bacteria in the gut. Probiotics is a big business today, as people become more health conscious. In humans, lactobacilli are commonly used as probiotics, either as single species or in mixed culture with other bacteria. There are many specific areas where probiotics have proven benefit to health so far. Claims are made that probiotics strengthen the immune system to combat allergies, excessive alcohol intake, stress, exposure to toxic substances, and other diseases. Probiotics are dietary supplements containing potentially beneficial bacteria or yeasts. Whatever probiotics you choose, you'll need to take them regularly to get the benefit.
One widely used definition is that probiotics are "live microorganisms, which, when administered in adequate amounts, confer a health benefit on the host. Probiotics may be found in live yoghurts or specially formulated powders, supplement pills or probiotic drinks which contain one or more of the strains of these bacteria.
Probiotics may also have a role in reducing the severity of food allergies and intolerances, and may help reduce severity of symptoms in both osteo and rheumatoid arthritis. Is there any evidence that taking probiotics can lead to improvements in health. What are the side effects and risks of probiotics. Despite the difficulties in identifying good quality probiotics, it is reassuring to know that probiotics have a very good safety profile, with almost no side effects reported.
The human gut contains different strains of bacteria, some

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.107284
Retrieved Text: Bacteria are fascinating microbes. Many people think of them as simply causers of disease. While it's true that some of them can make us sick, many are harmless or even beneficial. Researchers are discovering that some bacteria have amazing abilities that are interesting in their own right and may be helpful to humans in the future.
Although most bacteria are made of a single microscopic cell, they are not as simple as was previously believed. The organisms can communicate with each other and coordinate their actions. Some can survive in extreme environmental conditions that would kill humans; some can produce light or electricity; and some can detect and respond to magnetic fields. Several kinds are predators that attack other bacteria.
This article describes unusual features of some of the known bacteria. As scientists explore nature, they are finding new bacteria and learning more about the previously identified ones. They may soon discover many more surprising facts about the microbes in our world.
Studies have shown that bacteria fall into two distinct groups, based on their different characteristics. These groups are known as the kingdoms Eubacteria and Archaebacteria or as the domains Bacteria and Archaea. In the latter classification scheme, archaeons (members of the Archaea domain) aren't considered to be bacteria.
Some bacteria live in extreme environments and are known as extremophiles. "Extreme" environments (by human standards) include those with a very high or very low temperature, those with a high pressure, salinity, acidity, alkalinity, or radiation level, or those with no oxygen.
Microbes known as archaeons frequently live in extreme conditions.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.095998
Retrieved Text: Arthur Andrew Medical’s newest product is the world’s first prebiotic “PHAGE”. Phages, or Bacteriophages, are microscopic proteins that can target and destroy specific bacteria, giving them selective antimicrobial properties. Did you know that most UTIs are caused by specific bacteria that we consume in our foods every day? Our bodies are able to flush out these same bacteria through the urinary tract, where they can cause uncomfortable symptoms and inflammation. Floraphage supports normal urinary tract health by destroying these bacteria within the gut. When neutralized by Floraphage, the bacterial remnants act as a high-quality prebiotic food for our beneficial microflora (probiotics). Based on lab testing with several popular probiotic supplements, Floraphage is able to increase the growth rate of supplemented probiotics by an average factor of 24x compared to control. Any probiotic you take will be 24 times more potent when combined with just 1 capsule of Floraphage per day.
The human digestive tract contains trillions of microorganisms that constantly compete for space and nutrients. This system can be highly susceptible to attacks from harmful bacteria, which can result in digestive discomfort and a weakened immune system. It is therefore important for beneficial bacteria to outperform these harmful bacteria so that proper intestinal balance and overall good health can be achieved. Unfortunately the opposite can sometimes occur, in which aggressive strains of harmful bacteria outgrow and consume more resources than the beneficial bacteria. This phenomenon can be associated with poor health, abdominal discomfort, and bacterial infections. To combat these intestinal imbalances and their damaging effects, Floraphage has

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.079239
Retrieved Text: Probiotics are powerful means of helping to support gut health, and in turn, support holistic health. Lactic acid yeast wafers are a unique product that contains healthy yeasts producing lactic acid. This beneficial acid helps eradicate harmful bacteria while promoting the growth of beneficial bacteria. Sometimes the best probiotic for one person will be horrible for another. Lactic acid supplements such as yeast wafers may offer a unique means for those intolerant to probiotics to help balance their gut flora.
Most people are familiar with lactic acid in the context of exercise and sore muscles. Pyruvate, a direct product of glycolysis, is used by our bodies to ultimately product lactic acid. This normal process of fermentation within our body produces compounds referred to as lactate. When our body produces more lactate than it is capable of removing, we begin to accumulate a surplus. To get some context; during exercise, our levels of lactic acid can increase by as much as 2500% . Sports research labs often use this type of marker as a standard approach in measuring athletic performance.
In addition to exercise-based lactic acid production, there are certain types of beneficial bacteria that produce lactic acid. These are often known as the Lactobacillus bacteria and are common ingredients in many probiotics. By cultivating the growth of these types of bacteria in your gut, you are effectively maintaining an environment which is very unpleasing to many pathogenic bacteria. This is regarded by many as one of the most-effective means of promoting all-around health. Lactic acid has been shown

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.07181
Retrieved Text: he had a full stomach—and a tummy bug. But it wasn’t just any gut microbe—this early farmer was infected with a particular ancient strain of Helicobacter pylori bacteria that is most similar to modern Asian strains. By sequencing the.
Infectious myositis may be caused by a broad range of bacterial, fungal, parasitic, and viral agents. Infectious myositis is overall. home-raised pork (192). After ingestion of raw or undercooked meats, the gastric enzymes digest the muscle and release the larvae, which are resistant to acid and pass into the small intestine.
A. The most useful microbes are those involved in food production The bacteria used to make cheese are generally known as lactic acid bacteria (LAB). Learn more about fungi and viruses at: http://microbemagic.ucc.ie/about_microbes/ index.html. How do acids in the stomach kill bacteria and viruses that you eat?
SIBO Starts In Your Stomach. viruses and fungi. (1) When the stomach acid becomes weak. many undesirable bacteria can safely pass through the stomach into.
A key ingredient — hydrogen ions — are deposited into the stomach and then combined with chloride ions to make hydrochloric acid — which has a pH that hovers around 2, capable of disintegrating most unwanted bacteria. The.
Bacteria, Viruses, and Immune System Questions. Chapters 19 and 40. This immune response fights invasion by viruses, bacteria, fungi, stomach acid Specific.
Can bacteria cause cancer? Ever since 1890, when pathologist William Russell described “a characteristic organism of cancer,” there has been a.
Your body uses cytokines and T-cells to fight viruses, bacteria and fungus. It is important to have proper levels of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.063116
Retrieved Text: For those of you who are not sure exactly what probiotics are, it is the name given to the approximately 2kg of good bacteria that lives in your digestive tract. There are more bacteria living in your gut than there are cells in your body! The majority of these bacteria live in your colon or large intestine.
Defend your body from bad bacteria, viruses, fungi or yeasts (including Candida).
Make certain vitamins including your B vitamins and vitamin K.
Antibiotics, vaccinations, refined foods, alcohol, constipation, laxatives, chlorinated water, pesticides and birth control pills are a few items that can kill or diminish your beneficial bacteria. When your good bacteria is too low the bad bacteria and yeasts take over creating a condition in your gut called diabosis. Many digestive complaints – including bloating, discomfort, indigestion, IBS, inflammation and putrefaction – can be a direct result of these bad bugs taking over.
Fortunately, it is easy to re-establish a healthy population of good bacteria in your gut. If you suspect your good bacteria is low you can increase their number by eating fermented foods such as raw unpasteurised sugar free yoghurt, kefir (from goat’s milk), sauerkraut(fermented cabbage), fermented soya products, kombucha etc. You can also take a probiotic supplement. Ask your local health shop for a good brand. When you first start taking probiotics you may find that your symptoms temporarily worsen. This is due to the probiotics fighting against the bad bacteria that is established in your gut. If this happens hang in there, the symptoms will soon get better.
Once

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.059291
Retrieved Text: sreetamadutt on bacteria eaters are here!
vijayashastry on bacteria eaters are here!
sonsondaimari on bacteria eaters are here!
srilankachem on bacteria eaters are here!
E coli means business here!
Sharing isn't always about caring.

================



======= Instance Index 3603 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is in fruit? " and the following answer choices: 
- trees
 - flowers
 - seeds
 - food
 - sugar
 - blood
 - kidneys
 - sulfur

Now knowing that sugar causes food to taste sweet and fruit is delicious and very sweet, choose the best answer.

Target Text: sugar

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.484249
Retrieved Text: What is the healthiest fruit to eat?
The healthiest fruit to eat is guava.
Overall what is the healthiest fruit and vegetable to eat?
What is the healthiest recipe for a good summertime fruit salad?
What is the healthiest type of fruit?
What is the healthiest thing you can eat?
The healthiest things to eat are fruits and vegetables. The healthiest thing to drink is water.
What kind of fruit do fruit bats eat?
It varies with the bat's native habitat. Their teeth are adapted to feed on a wide variety of fruits or flower nectar.
What is healthiest type of olive to eat?
Black olives are the healthiest type of olive to eat. This isbecause they contain Hydroxytyrosol, which is linked to cancerprevention and other health-protective nutrients.
What is the healthiest vegetable to eat?
Can a fruit bat eat a sapodilla fruit?
Which potato is healthiest to eat?
While sweet potatoes are the healthiest they are not true potatoes. As far as actual potatoes there is no real difference in nutrition. Even in the case of blue potatoes the color is effected by the flavonoids and not the carotenoids found in all potatoes.
What is the healthiest fish to eat?
TWhat are the top 10 healthiest fruits?
Fruits protect seeds and nourish them. They do not eat. umm r u jus bein dumb or do u really think fruit eats stuff??
Fruits can't eat. Unless you somehow find a way to make fruits into living, breathing, beings who probably eat themselves, nothing.
Are blueberries the healthiest fruit?
They are very healthy but Yogi berries are healthier For more information, see the link below.
Is it true

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.402378
Retrieved Text: Which of the pairs correctly relates an angiosperm structure and what it develops into?
I often taste delicious, but my job is to protect the seeds. What am I?
Which table shows the number of fruits?
Identify the type of fruit preserve often made with a mixture of fruits and sometimes includes dried fruit or nuts.
Fruits and vegetables are rich in .
What is a healthy choice for a sweet snack?
This type of sweetener offers many choices in flavour based on type of fruit used, such as pears, apples, grapes, berries, or stone fruits.
Watermelon is in the fruit group.
Fruits and vegetables are very .
Watermelon is a fruit group.
In a certain plant, yellow fruit is dominant to white fruit. What genotype do the parents need to produce 100% white fruit?
The fruit is spelled how?
Alvin's favorite fruits are cherries, strawberries, and apples.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.295468
Retrieved Text: Jarritos produces a line of (mostly) fruit sodas. Fruit punch is what I’m tasting on this episode.
What is your favorite fruit punch soda? Please let me know in the comments.
Jarritos produces a line of (mostly) fruit sodas. Fruit punch is what I’m tasting on this episode. What is your favorite fruit punch soda? Please let me know in the comments. Thank you for watching.
Awesome video as usual, i really like jarritos fruit punch, shame its so expensive, i would love to see you try jelly belly soda, awesome video.
Thanks for the comment, Sam. I appreciate it. I’ll keep an eye out for Jelly Belly soda!
I think Jones makes a good fruit punch soda. I haven’t had it in years though so I do not know if they changed it.
Thanks for replying, Rob. :) I appreciate it.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.293234
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 03:01:25 pm at 04/22/2019 03:01:25 pm in Quick Growing Fruit Trees.
quick growing fruit trees i recommend that beginning gardeners start their tomato growing experience with cherry or grape varieties quick growing fruit trees nzz.
what are the fastest growing fruit trees,quick growing fruit trees nzxt,quick growing fruit trees uk cheap,best growing fruit trees in florida,quick growing fruit trees nz herald,what is the fastest growing fruit trees,best growing fruit trees in indiana,quick growing fruit trees nzt,quick growing fruit trees nzqa,fast growing fruit trees in north texas,fast growing fruit trees southern california.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.234009
Retrieved Text: In Isaiah 5:1-7, God prophetically gives a song about the vineyard – His people. After He talks about developing the vineyard, verse 2 says, “So He expected it to bring forth good grapes, But it brought forth wild grapes.” In John 15: 2 Jesus reinforces the concept that God is looking for fruit in our lives, “every branch in Me that does not bear fruit He takes away”. In light of this expectation for good fruit one could sincerely ask, “what is good fruit and how much good fruit is necessary?” What size of grapes would be good, how much sugar content should be present, would one large grape be sufficient, or how about three medium size grapes or do there need to be large clusters? Is there a certain color of grape skins that would be preferred green, red, blue or purple, what about seeded or seedless grapes? Are the grapes with more juice better than the more pulpy ones? I would like to think that as a spiritual leader, as a pastor, I am bearing good fruit, but the reality is, like all humans, I am a very flawed person. In light of the call to be fruitful, an honest assessment of my life reveals that I do not possess the ability to bear fruit, even though I would like to. I cannot make fruit appear out of my life. Even though I am required, by God, to measure up and be fruitful, there is a sense in which we are unable to accomplish

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.191605
Retrieved Text: “I am the true vine, and My Father is the vineyard keeper. Every branch in Me that does not produce fruit He removes, and He prunes every branch that produces fruit so that it will produce more fruit. You are already clean because of the word I have spoken to you.
Remain in Me, and I in you. Just as a branch is unable to produce fruit by itself unless it remains on the vine, so neither can you unless you remain in Me.
“I am the vine; you are the branches. The one who remains in Me and I in him produces much fruit, because you can do nothing without Me. If anyone does not remain in Me, he is thrown aside like a branch and he withers. They gather them, throw them into the fire, and they are burned. If you remain in Me and My words remain in you, ask whatever you want and it will be done for you. My Father is glorified by this: that you produce much fruit and prove to be My disciples.
“As the Father has loved Me, I have also loved you. Remain in My love. If you keep My commands you will remain in My love, just as I have kept My Father’s commands and remain in His love.
“I have spoken these things to you so that My joy may be in you and your joy may be complete. This is My command: Love one another as I have loved you. No one has greater love than this, that

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.165852
Retrieved Text: My uncle sent me a text not too long ago after I asked him about the farms in southwest Iowa. It read, "Many mouths will be empty in the world, I fear." The summer has been a big, ugly drought here in the Midwest.
And that has me thinking about provision.
There's no way around it - we need food. We might be confused about how much we need, but the fact that we need it is not up for debate. We are wired to need food.
The reality that we depend on food is something God uses every day to remind us of our dependence on Him. When we have daily bread, we are thankful. When we lack daily bread, we remember that He is the bread of life. Whether we are hungry or full, God is always the Provider.
As I think about the fruit produced in John 15, I wonder what happens to all of the produce. Have you ever thought of that? God is the vine and we are the branches. If we remain in Him, we will bear MUCH FRUIT. It is clear that God is the Provider - what branch can produce fruit separate from the vine? But, for the person who remains in the Lord, what is to become of the fruit he/she produces? Does it just accumulate and then fall to the ground under the fruit-heavy branches?
Fruit is meant to be eaten, at least where I come from. I love the summer months that bring blueberries and sweet bing cherries. I love

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.114451
Retrieved Text: What is 100% fruit juice?
100% pure fruit juice is simply fruit, juiced.
Does 100% fruit juice contain added sugar?
No. As noted above, 100% pure fruit juice, either from concentrate or not from concentrate is simply fruit juiced. A 150ml portion of 100% pure fruit juice counts as one of your five-a-day, which is the minimum daily intake of fruit and vegetables that we should be consuming as recommended by health professionals in the UK.
Is fruit juice good for me?
Yes. Fruit juice can be drunk as part of a healthy, balanced diet. It is a good source of vitamin C, potassium and folates, amongst other nutrients. Vitamin C is essential for a healthy immune system, potassium and folates help with cell and muscle tissue repair. This is why a 150ml glass of fruit juice counts as one of your five-a-day.
Dietary evidence has shown that individuals who consume fruit juice regularly, in the recommended portion size, have a greater intake of fruit and vegetables than individuals who do not (National Diet and Nutrition Survey, May 2014, (please see: www.gov.uk/government/statistics/national-diet-and-nutrition-survey-results-from-years-1-to-4-combined-of-the-rolling-programme-for-2008-and-2009-to-2011-and-2012).
Because of its vitamin C content, consuming fruit juice as part of a meal can help to increase the absorption of iron-rich foods like (some) fortified cereals, beans, pulses, spinach and kale.
There are different types of sugar and sugars are classified in a number of different ways. According to the World Health Organisation; "Free sugars are all sugars added to food and drinks by the manufacturer, cook or consumer as well as sugars naturally present in honey, syrups, fruit juices and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.081334
Retrieved Text: What Are the Differences between Jams and Preserves?
Jam is made from all parts of the fruit, resulting in a thick, textured fruit spread, but doesn't contain large pieces of fruit.
Both jams and preserves contain pectin, found in apples.
The difference between jams and preserves becomes apparent when spread on toast.
The difference between jams and preserves is how the fruit is prepared. Preserves contain whole fruit or coarsely chopped fruit depending on the size of the produce used. Jams contain mashed or even finely chopped fruit. It is a falsehood that preserves do not contain pectin. Both jams and preserves will contain pectin or the recipe will use some other thickening trick.
How the fruit used in fruit preserves is handled depends on the size of the fruit. When making preserves, small pieces of fruit, such as blueberries, would be used whole. Medium size pieces of fruit, such as strawberries would be cut in half or in quarters. Large pieces of fruit, such as apples would be coarsely chopped.
On the other hand, to prepare soft fruit for jams, the fruit is typically placed in a bowl and crushed into a pulpy substance with a potato masher. Small chunks of the fruit will remain, but the size of the fruit pieces will be very small. Soft fruit can also be cut into small chucks, but this takes more time and the end result is basically the same as mashing. Hard fruit used in jams, such as apples, is prepared by finely chopping the fruit.
The difference between jams and preserves is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.069507
Retrieved Text: For many years the soursop fruit has been used to treat various conditions. Here are some advantages that the fruit will give you.
The other point you should understand about the soursop is that it will help you with the pain relief. This fruit can be used to relieve inflammation and lowered the pain of stimuli. The amount of pain you have will determine the size of the fruit you consume. Since it is not clear whether there is a limit, then you should eat the fruit in small quantities.
The other thing you should understand about this fruit is that it is beneficial to your eyes. Some of the things you should understand is that the fruit will come in handy in bringing down the oxidative stress. When you are dealing with this fruit, some of the things you should note is that has some compounds which will aid with the preserving the health of the eyes.
What you should note about this fruit is that it can come in handy in the treatment of insomnia. When you are consuming the fruit, some of the things you should realize is that they will aid you to deal with stress. You will find that many times, people will not sleep well since they are confirmed. Thus, this is why if you have issues with sleeping then you should eat this fruit.
Some of the things you should note is that this is a fruit that has anti-inflammatory properties. If you have a joint that is that has inflammation or joint

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.018655
Retrieved Text: What is chaenomeles fruit? What is it used for?
Native to east Asia, the chaenomeles fruit comes from a tree, chaenomeles sinensis (Touin) Koehne, which grows predominantly in China and reaches a height of approximately 20 feet.
There are two kinds of chaenomeles fruit used in herbal preparations - one with smooth skin, one with wrinkled skin. The fruit is harvested in the summer and autumn, while it is greenish-yellow. After harvesting, the fruit is cut into segments, boiled (or soaked in hot water), then dried in the sun and cut into slices.
In traditional Chinese medicine, chaenomeles fruit has sour and warm properties, and is associated with the Liver and Spleen meridians. Its main functions are to activate the flow of qi and blood, and to regulate the stomach. Chaenomeles fruit contains a variety of chemicals, including saponins, flavonoids, malic acid and citric acid. Among the conditions it is used to treat are vomiting, diarrhea and indigestion. It also treats rheumatism and arthralgia, along with generalized swelling and pain.
How much chaenomeles fruit should I take?
The typical dose of chaenomeles fruit is between 6 and 12 grams, decocted in water and drunk as a tea. Chaenomeles fruit is often incorporated with other herbs into larger formulas.
What forms of chaenomeles fruit are available?
Dried, sliced chaenomeles fruit can be found at many herbal shops and specialty stores. Some stores also sell powdered chaenomeles fruit, either as a capsule or tablet.
What can happen if I take too much chaenomeles fruit? Are there any interactions I should be aware of? What precautions should

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.984777
Retrieved Text: I put a lot of effort to choose what to eat this month, in a season rich with citrus fruit and my favorite red oranges.
However, due to a somewhat less frequent use of passion fruit in our kitchen, I decided to write about this fruit. Also, tropical fruits have been announced as one of the food trends in 2019.
What is interesting is that the name of the fruit itself does not relate to the emotion of passion. The Spanish missionaries Jesuits in South America called this fruit by its name, linking it to Jesus’ suffering on the cross, and talking about fruit as a flower with five wounds.
Due to the intense purple exterior in the Spanish speaking countries, passion fruit is also called small pomegranate. It is mostly cultivated in South America, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Kenya and Israel. But definitely it finds its way to our markets as well.
Passion fruit is the fruit of an equally beautiful flower from the photograph.
When purchasing passion fruit, make sure that the peel is not too wrinkled and dry, as this means that the fruit the peak moment of deliciousness has passed and the pulp inside has dried out. Buy fruit that seems heavy in your hand. Passion fruit will additionally ripe at room temperature, but do not keep it in the fridge.
You can eat fresh passion fruit with a spoon or pierce a hole at the top and simply drink the inside.
Passion fruit goes well with orange juice so you can add it to the Winter smoothie

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.978078
Retrieved Text: Most of us know the biblical story of the fig tree, but how does this apply to our lives today? Are we supposed to grow fig trees or does this lesson apply to the instruction to us that our lives should be “bearing fruit”?
This parable is about a man who became frustrated when the fig tree planted in his vineyard did not produce fruit. How does this apply to us? What is the point of this lesson?
For me, the lesson is that God looks for fruit in our lives.
First that come to mind for me are the fruits of the Spirit: love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control (Gal. 5:22-23).
Secondly would have to be the fruit from your life as a Christian. In John 15:16, Jesus said, “You have not chosen Me but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bear fruit, and that your fruit should remain“.
What kind of fruit are we expected to produce as Christians?
What would be considered the fruit of a Christian? That would have to be new Christians.
Is your life one that draws people to Christ? Are you showing the fruit of the Spirit in your life as you grow and mature as a Christian? Are you able to say that your life is bearing fruit?
Why not take one of the fruits of the Spirit and work on ways to add it to your life in real, meaningful ways. Then add another one, and so forth….until your life speaks of the Spirit that

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.9504795
Retrieved Text: Just place your mouse cursor over a question and see a correct answer!
1. What fruit, according to the Bible, picked Eve in Paradise?
2. What fruit species is mirabelle and bullace?
3. Is avocado a fruit?
4. How do we call a fruit similar to orange but much smaller?
5. What fruit are raisins made from?
Tasty and juicy melon is actually a species of cucumber.
Due to its red color and heart shape, a strawberry used to be a symbol of Venus, the ancient Roman goddess of love.
The very first vegetable to be grown in space were potatoes. They were grown by NASA in collaboration with the University of Wisconsin-Madison in October 1995.
When you put a grape into a microwave and start heating, after a while it explodes.
In Scandinavia, children eat fruit soup made from black currant.
For many, it is quite a surprising fact that a kiwi fruit contains nearly twice as much Vitamin C as an orange per cup.
A single strawberry contains around 200 seeds. What is more, strawberry and raspberry are the only fruits having their seeds on the outside.
Remember that if you take medicines you can neither eat grapefruit nor drink grapefruit juice. It can be very dangerous for your health.
Healthy and tasty pictures for coloring!
Organic printable fruit coloring pages contain those ones known from a home garden, forest, and meadow. Therefore, you will easily find here quality pictures presenting strawberries, bananas, oranges, raspberries, kiwi, apples, watermelons, cherries and even some very exotic species like for example dragon fruit or juicy lychee.
All are extremely sweet, tasty and beneficial

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.910271
Retrieved Text: Are Fruit Snacks Actually Good For You?
We all know the abundant dangers of sugar. There’s plenty of information circulating the internet that I don’t need to regurgitate it here. Suffice to say, the negative impacts that sugar can have on your health are abundant.
Lately, the media has warned that fruit snacks ‘contain more sugar than Haribo’.
I love Haribo as much as the next person, and on the rare occasion that I choose to indulge, I know what I’m letting myself in for.
When it comes to ‘real fruit’ snacks, however, it’s a different story. Many fruit-based snacks are actually processed and high-sugar, sneaking into your shopping basket under the guise of having ‘natural’ or ‘real’ ingredients that contribute to your five-a-day.
Fruit as it occurs naturally is great for you. It contains natural fruit sugars but also a high amount of vitamins and minerals that are really beneficial to your overall health.
Fruit snacks have to be processed to some extent, but my favourite ones are processed very minimally through processes such as drying or ‘squishing’.
The important thing here, is that they don’t have other ingredients added.
As they are fruit, they do of course contain natural fruit sugars. While this is preferable to processed, added sugar, it’s worth being a little mindful of the quantity that you consume.
These fruit snacks have a higher percentage of sugar per 100g compared to fruit in its original state as they are dried or pressed, removing the water content that would otherwise make up a large proportion of the weight.
When I’m on-the-go and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.899431
Retrieved Text: Cold climates have their charm, but gardeners moving to a zone 4 location may fear that their fruit-growing days are over. Not so. If you choose carefully, you’ll find lots of fruit trees for zone 4. For more information about what fruit trees grow in zone 4, keep on reading.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture has developed a system dividing the country into plant hardiness zones based on coldest annual temperatures. Zone 1 is the coldest, but regions labeled zone 4 are also chilly, getting down to negative 30 degree Fahrenheit (-34 C.). That’s pretty cold weather for a fruit tree, you may think. And you would be right. Lots of fruit trees are not happy and productive in zone 4. But surprise: lots of fruit trees are!
The trick to fruit tree growing in cold climates is to buy and plant only cold hardy fruit trees. Look for zone information on the label or ask at the garden store. If the label says “fruit trees for zone 4,” you are good to go.
What Fruit Trees Grow in Zone 4?
Commercial fruit growers generally only set up their orchards in zone 5 and above. However, fruit tree growing in cold climates is far from impossible. You’ll find dozens of zone 4 fruit trees of many different kinds available.
If you want an heirloom cultivar, go for Gravenstein or Yellow Transparent.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.885575
Retrieved Text: Ten easy grip shapesof colorful fruits.
Learning goals -Visual recognition -Manual dexterity -Vocabulary and words Contents -1 puzzle frame -10 lift out shapes Creative play ideas Ten fruits are represented with knobs for easy manipulation. When children focus on the details of the object, it becomes easier for them to pay attention to how the object fits into the cutout of the puzzle board. Encourage interest in the puzzle by asking questions such as... "What is this fruit called?" "Does this fruit taste sweet or sour?" "What is the color of this fruit?" "What are the little dots on the watermelon and the strawberries called?" "Does this fruit grow in a tree?" "Do only people eat fruit?"

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.876362
Retrieved Text: Preserves and marmalades deserve a place in your pantry, as well.
What can make a hot buttered biscuit even better? A dollop of your favorite strawberry jam, that’s what. Or maybe you prefer grape jelly or peach preserves? The South enjoys an abundance of fresh, seasonal fruits and many home cooks love to “put up” jars of jams, jellies, and preserves to use and share with friends throughout the year. If you aren’t into canning, however, and are wondering exactly what is in the jar of Aunt Betsy’s famous mystery jam you have just been gifted, read on for a quick rundown on the difference between jams, jelly, and preserves.
All three of these fruit condiments contain fruit, sugar, and heat. The fruit contains pectin, a natural, water-soluble substance found in various ripe fruits and vegetables that works as a thickening agent when preparing jams, jellies, and preserves. Not all fruits and vegetables contain the same amount of pectin though, so oftentimes a commercial pectin, either liquid (usually made from apples) or powder form (from citrus fruits and apples), is added to the recipe in order to achieve the desired texture. When heated in a pan, the fruit will lose liquid and reduce to a firmer consistency; the particular condiment you are making and the consistency you desire will decide how much additional pectin you need, if any. Since a jelly is the most solid of the fruit condiments, it usually requires added pectin, unlike the more spoon-able preserve, which doesn’t need to “set up” as firm as

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.8655205
Retrieved Text: Do pomegranate pills truly deliver the health benefits your body craves and requires? Good news! Supplements featuring pomegranate ingredients are an excellent way to supplement your daily fruit intake. Be sure to consider these supplemental products especially during those times of the year when fresh pomegranate fruit isn’t readily available.
What Can Pomegranate Pills Do For You?
Your geographic location in the world may determine whether or not fresh pomegranate fruit or fruit juice is available to you during certain months of the year. A supplement, which is essentially the fruit packed into a pill or soft gel, is just the thing to get you through those months when the fruit and juice isn’t as available as other times of the year.
Pomegranate fruit in pill form is also a viable option for those struggling with high sugar content in the freshly squeezed or bottled juice. The pill contains no fructose (sugar) and absolutely no calories. So anyone looking to have the health benefits of pomegranate fruit can take the pills without having to worry about how the fresh fruit or juice will affect sugar levels or unwanted weight gain.
What Do these Pills from Pomegranates Contain That’s So Great?
Take a look at the nutrients, antioxidants, and other beneficial ingredients you receive by simply adding a pill to your daily supplement regimen.
These pills are just the thing to take if you prefer not to take in unnecessary calories or sugar, but desire to have the health benefits of the pomegranate fruit and juice.
Read enough about pomegranate pills and want to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.839455
Retrieved Text: “That yields its fruit in its season.” Fruit-bearing is the natural result of healthy growth in the tree. If the tree is in the right soil, receiving the right water, then it will be fruitful!
According to this Psalm, you can be like that tree! God’s plan for you is fruitfulness. That is, Christlike character and godly choices can be the natural outflow of your life! The Christian life is not intended to be a matter of whether you have enough willpower to live the way you should. Rather, God wants to change your inner life so much that a godly way of living (the fruit of the tree) is the natural outflow of what God is doing inside you!
How? When you prune out of your life those things that pour the world’s way of thinking into you, and you focus your life on what God is saying to you in his Word, then your mind is renewed, your inner life is transformed, and what is happening on the inside of you shows up on the outside of you.
What fruit is showing in your life? What fruit would you like to see ripen?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.837117
Retrieved Text: Fruit juice energy Inclusions Exclusions INR: Indian rupee USD: US dollar Note: one billion is a thousand million, one trillion is a thousand billion.
MARKET DATA MARKET VALUE TABLE ##: INDIA JUICES MARKET VALUE: $ MILLION, 2011-## FIGURE ##: INDIA JUICES MARKET VALUE: $ MILLION, 2011-## The Indian juices market grew by ##. ##% in 2015 to reach a volume of ## million liters.
The 2019-2024 Outlook for Canned Fruit Juices Excluding Orange Juice in India ## INTRODUCTION ##. ## OVERVIEW ##. ## WHAT IS LATENT DEMAND AND THE P. I. E.?
The 2019-2024 Outlook for Concentrated Fruit Juice Excluding Juice for Fountain Use in India ## INTRODUCTION ##. ## OVERVIEW ##. ## WHAT IS LATENT DEMAND AND THE P. I. E.?
The 2019-2024 Outlook for Frozen Concentrated Juices Other Than Orange Juice in India ## INTRODUCTION ##. ## OVERVIEW ##. ## WHAT IS LATENT DEMAND AND THE P. I. E.?
The 2019-2024 Outlook for Fresh Single-Strength Juices and Nectars Excluding Orange Juices and Nectars in India ## INTRODUCTION ##. ## OVERVIEW ##. ## WHAT IS LATENT DEMAND AND THE P. I. E.?
The 2019-2024 Outlook for Fresh Fruit Juices and Nectars in India ## INTRODUCTION ##. ## OVERVIEW ##. ## WHAT IS LATENT DEMAND AND THE P. I. E.?
The 2019-2024 Outlook for Frozen Concentrated Grapefruit Juice in India ## INTRODUCTION ##. ## OVERVIEW ##. ## WHAT IS LATENT DEMAND AND THE P. I. E.?
The 2019-2024 Outlook for Fresh Single-Strength Orange Juices and Nectars in India ## INTRODUCTION ##. ## OVERVIEW ##. ## WHAT IS LATENT DEMAND AND THE P. I. E.?
The

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.83628
Retrieved Text: You may have noticed that recently there has been a great deal of buzz about the Baobab Fruit in the news. The Baobab Fruit grows on Baobab trees in Africa, Madagascar and Australia. The fruit measures about 5-7 inches in diameter and has a hard outer shell, much like a coconut.
Once you crack the Baobab Fruit open, you find Baobab pulp and Baobab seeds. The interesting thing about the Baobab fruit pulp is that is naturally dehydrates inside the shell. This means, it takes no heat or special processing to make a baobab powder supplement. You simply remove the seeds and then crush the Baobab pulp cubes into a powder.
The fact that the Baobab Fruit can be turned into a Baobab Fruit Powder without any processing is significant because it means that Baobab Fruit can now be enjoyed by people leaving in parts of the world where the Baobab fruit does not grow. By simply adding Baobab fruit powder to a smoothie or yogurt, people can feel the benefits of the Baobab fruit.
What Are The Benefits of the Baobab Fruit?
The Baobab Fruit is packed with nutrients. In fact the Baobab Fruit, in powder form has an ORAC level of over 1,400 ORAC per gram. ORAC is used to measure the antioxidant capacity of a food. To give you some comparison, Baobab Fruit has over 6 times the ORAC of blueberries. Simply put, the Baobab fruit is one of the most antioxidant rich fruits in the world.
The incredible thing about the Baobab Fruit is that it has

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.836033
Retrieved Text: Introduction: God put us on this planet in order to be fruitful. This fruit can come in many forms: children, reproducing yourself in others through evangelism, the fruit of the Spirit, bringing forth fruit meet for repentance, etc.
A study of fruit and how it brings glory to God is a series in itself. Suffice it to say that if you are not bringing forth fruit unto God then your life is not producing what God intended for you.
We live in a self-absorbed culture and many have resorted to living desperate and tedious lives focused on pleasing themselves through a variety of means. What fruit have you brought forth for the Lord? This parable speaks to the tragedy and even danger of a fruitless life.
God comes expecting to find fruit since that was his purpose in placing you in His vineyard. One of the most Satanic things you can do is live unto yourself without a view of producing fruit for the glory of God.
Satan is proud and self-centered and a fruitless life mirrors such an attitude. Whether careless or rebellious a fruitless life is a disappointment to God. The owner came and "sought fruit." What if that happened in your life today?
It is "his vineyard." You are not your own. God has rights to you based upon creation and redemption and he simply desires some spiritual productivity. If you are living unto yourself then you need to return the stolen property immediately.
The text states the he "found none." The old country song "Wasted Days and Wasted

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.833615
Retrieved Text: What remains? The last two fruits of the Spirit (I'm still not sure if the plural of fruit is fruit or fruits). Since I wrote the last sentence, I looked it up on the internet, so now I know and what I know must be true because I read it on the internet.
Fruit is an "uncountable" noun and therefore has no plural form. One can say "fruits" but that is a reference to an assembly of diverse types of fruits. A basket of one type of fruit is still just fruit. A basket of oranges is a basket of fruit, while a basket of oranges and pears is a basket of fruits.
And (as Paul Harvey used to say), "Now you know the rest of the story." Or, as I like to say (here I go quoting myself again - and you already know what I think about that) "Listen to the rabbi and you'll get a lot of information you didn't know you needed." But, for information you do need, stay tuned in and read below.
Galatians 5:23 mentions two more fruits of the spirit. How convenient, we'll have one today and one tomorrow. Today's portion of fruit is Prautes, translated as mildness or gentleness.
The connotation in the Greek is one of "powerful gentleness". Let me explain. This is not a milk toast (see Caspar Milquetoast, a cartoon character known as one who walks softly and gets hit with a big stick) attitude, but a person of purpose who has had wrath removed from his/her life.
Yes, the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.826838
Retrieved Text: Light and compact fruit basket emphasising yin alkaline fruits such as nectarines or peaches, combined with with traditional premium grade fruits such as pink ladies and miniature oranges, seasonally varied to capture best taste.
This basket was created as part of our dietary awareness range with the core products centring around Fructose, Gluten, Alkalinity and Acidity/Sugar.
Fruits which were further along the alkalinity scale were picked out and accorded a heavier weighting than a traditional fruit basket to create a mini range of fruit baskets which emphasised alkalinity.
Created for a variety of occasions such as Birthdays and Thank You's. This basket tends to be sent to people who may not even be unwell.. This is what makes the design and marketing of fruit baskets quite ironic. A typical receiver of such a fruit gift is aged 30 to 50 and is conscience of what they eat. The sender is someone who wants to send a healthier than normal gift basket.
Peaches, nectarines, stoned fruit alongside dates and sable grapes are the star products in this basket and they are surrounded by an assorted collection of traditional fruits to complete the basket. The subtle differentiation of fruit basket contents is what makes a Basketsgalore fruit basket stand out from the crowd.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.825122
Retrieved Text: Are you a fruit grower with extra fruit? Or someone who is wanting to do some fruit picking?
Fruit Share, based in Winnipeg, MB, pairs volunteer pickers with fruit growers to ensure that fruit crops are picked and eaten before falling to the ground and rotting. Join their online community called Fruit Connect to plan or attend a fruit pick.
What happens to all the fruit once it’s picked?
Have extra fruit that’s already picked? Fruit Share has also compiled a list of organizations in Winnipeg who are always looking for fruit donations. Click here to see where you can drop-off your excess fruit.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.815323
Retrieved Text: 1. Are these tart cherry trees?
2. Will the fruit become more ripe?
3. I plan on repeating soil testing this year to see how far I have come in replacing nutrient deficiencies but based on the appearance, is there a nutrient deficiency that stands out to you that I should remedy sooner.
4. I have small pinpoint disfiguration and plum curculio scars on the fruit but the fruit does not seem to be infested with maggots. I have also not had much fruit drop on the cherry trees. Did the insects only cause cosmetic damage or should I anticipate worms to start crawling out of the fruit in the future?
5. What can I do to get larger fruit in the future?
Thank you in advance for the knowledge.
Looks like what you have is a crab apple tree. This can be confusing because the leaves of the crab apple resemble those of a tart cherry. There will be multiple seeds in the crabapple and only one in a tart cherry. Some crab apple varieties are usable in jelly, but many have only small fruit with very little flesh and are of very little value. Plum curculio will damage the fruit, but generally do not successfully infest the fruit with larvae because the fruit is so hard. The pinpoint symptom is probably scab, a fungal disease. Looks like you may have some leaf burning, probably from the neem oil treatment, which is probably not needed because the fruit is not worth protecting.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.808921
Retrieved Text: Cross Training - Week Three "Apples & Oranges"
What is Jesus trying to say here? It seems sort of straightforward if you simply stay on the surface---which I'm not entirely content to do, as you might imagine.
First, Jesus uses language that everyone who is listening to him would understand easily. This little nugget of awesomeness is sandwiched in between lessons on not being a hypocrite and what it takes to be an authentic follower of Jesus, so it's easy to sort of gloss over it.
These are some earthy images that Jesus is using here: fruit, trees, figs, grapes, thorn bushes, briars... It's the language of cultivation and storage---things that the people listening to Jesus would completely grasp considering the agrarian nature of their society. Figs and grapes were often cultivated together and were two of the most common products grown in ancient Palestine.
These simple people would have totally understood what Jesus seemed to be saying about how the "fruit" a person produces reveals what's truly inside of them. It was part of the teachings of their forefathers in fact, an idea found throughout the Hebrew Scriptures.
This teaching is, in fact, the sort of lesson that prompts each of us who hears it to ask the question, "Am I really living what I say I believe?" Is what is on my "outside" matching what is on my "inside?"
I believe that there is a deeper teaching here, though. Jesus had this way of taking what was universal and making it very specific---finding the simplicity on the other side of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.795606
Retrieved Text: What Are the Benefits of Eating Kiwi Fruit?
A 1-cup serving of kiwi fruit supplies about 2 grams of protein.
1 What Kind of Nutrients Do Honeydew Fruits Have?
2 What Are the Health Benefits of Apricots?
3 How Much Fiber Is in Nectarines?
4 What Are the Benefits of Eating Green Bell Peppers?
Kiwi fruits might be tiny and encased in unappealing brown fuzzy skins, but they pack a powerful nutritional punch. In addition to the 166.9 milligrams of immune-boosting vitamin C, which is more than what you need for the entire day, a 1-cup serving of kiwi fruit contains just 110 calories and less than 1 gram of fat. The small green fruits supply additional key nutrients that make them a nutritious part of your healthy eating plan.
A 1-cup serving of sliced kiwi fruit contains 5.4 grams of fiber toward the daily goal of 21 to 25 grams for women and the 30 to 38 grams for men. One of the main responsibilities of fiber is to promote healthy digestion and regular bowel movements, which helps reduce your risk of constipation and hemorrhoids. Eating fiber on a regular basis can have long-term health benefits as well. Fiber reduces your risk of high cholesterol, heart disease and diabetes. The nutrient helps you shed excess pounds or maintain a healthy weight by filling you up and preventing overeating.
Kiwi fruit is one of the few fruits that contains vitamin E. A 1-cup serving of sliced kiwis supplies 2.63 milligrams of vitamin E toward your daily goal of 15 milligrams. Vitamin E is an

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.79404
Retrieved Text: Pune, India — 05/18/2018 — The global Fruit and Vegetable Processing market is expected to reach USD 428.20 billion by 2025, from USD 247.36 billion in 2017 growing at a CAGR of 7.1% during the forecast period of 2018 to 2025. The upcoming market report contains data for historic years 2015 &amp; 2016, the base year of calculation is 2017 and the forecast period is 2018 to 2025.
Processing of fruits and vegetables is very important before direct consumption as food ingredients. The main objective of processing is to preserve the color, flavor, texture, and nutrition while prolonging the shelf life of perishable fruits and vegetables. There are various advantages of advanced technologies in fruit and vegetable processing and quality means four things color, texture, flavor, and nutrient content. Most of these processes rely on heat, and the quality parameters of fruits and vegetables that are very sensitive to heat. Advantages like by traditional processing, Barrett means methods like thermal processing, sterilization, freezing, pickling, and fermentation. OrtoRomi (Italy) recently launched a new fruit and vegetable extract line under the Insal'Arte brand. It encompasses 15 different flavours, from classics like strawberry, peach and lemon to options including kale, avocado and turmeric. The new product launch is achieved by using high-pressure processing and a unique cold treatment that preserves the ingredients and properties of the raw product. Perceived as refined, appealing and innovative, the packaging and recipes have received an overwhelmingly positive response from retailers and consumers.
– What will the market growth rate, Overview and Analysis by Type of

================



======= Instance Index 3720 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What are plants?" and the following answer choices: 
- Trees
 - dirt
 - plants
 - ferns
 - rocks
 - food
 - edible
 - bacteria

Now knowing that all plants have a characteristic life cycle that includes alternation of generations and alternation of generation is typical of ferns and Bryophyta, choose the best answer.

Target Text: ferns

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.489115
Retrieved Text: white spots on my plants your pilea peperomioides questions answered on clever bloom white spots brown spots curling white spots on my aquarium plants.
white spots on my plants aragricultureorgphixrjpg i have white spots on my plants.
white spots on my plants report this image what is the white spots on my squash plants.
white spots on my plants tomato plant white spots on leaves white spots on my plants.
white spots on my plants how to get rid of white spots on my plants.
white spots on my plants this is my first plant so i dont know much about growing plants any advice will be very helpful thank you why do i have white spots on my plants.
white spots on my plants what causes white spots on jade plant why are there white spots on my jade plant yellow spots on my pot plants.
white spots on my plants if you notice that your plant looks like it is covered with snow or leaves have some white spots your plant is under the attack of mealybugs white spots on my squash plants.
white spots on my plants white powdery mildew on leaves what to do white spots on my garden plants.
white spots on my plants peapm white spots on my plants leaves.
white spots on my plants my prickly pear cactus has white spots what are they and how do i get rid of the white spots on my prickly pear cactus cochineal spots white spots on my plants leaves.
white spots on my plants the chrysanthemum leaf miner causes white spots on

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.394305
Retrieved Text: white spots on zucchini plants powdery mildew on a courgette leaf white spots on my zucchini plants white spots zucchini plants.
white spots on zucchini plants squash white spots on my zucchini plants white spots on zucchini plant leaves.
white spots on zucchini plants powdery mildew on lavender white spots on zucchini plant leaves what causes white spots on zucchini plant leaves.
white spots on zucchini plants zucchini powdery mildew what causes white spots on zucchini plant leaves white spots and yellow leaves on zucchini plants.
white spots on zucchini plants why are there white spots on my zucchini plant white spots on zucchini plant leaves.
white spots on zucchini plants tomato blight white spots and yellow leaves on zucchini plants why are there white spots on my zucchini plant.
white spots on zucchini plants white mildew on cannabis marijuana white spots on my zucchini plants white spots on my zucchini plant leaves.
white spots on zucchini plants white spots on zucchini plant leaves why are there white spots on my zucchini plant.
white spots on zucchini plants yellow leaves on zucchini plant plant white spots and yellow leaves on zucchini plants what causes white spots on zucchini plant leaves white spots on zucchini plant lea.
white spots on zucchini plants i know if you can see it very well but my zucchini plants stem is developing several white fuzzy spots anyone know what it might be white spots and yellow leaves on zucc.
white spots on zucchini plants zucchini leaves turning yellow reasons for yellow leaves on zucchini white spots zucchini plants white spots and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.313467
Retrieved Text: In this report, we analyze the Feed Water Heater for Power Plants industry from two aspects. One part is about its production and the other part is about its consumption. In terms of its production, we analyze the production, revenue, gross margin of its main manufacturers and the unit price that they offer in different regions from 2013 to 2018. In terms of its consumption, we analyze the consumption volume, consumption value, sale price, import and export in different regions from 2013 to 2018. We also make a prediction of its production and consumption in coming 2018-2023.
At the same time, we classify different Feed Water Heater for Power Plants based on their definitions. Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What is more, the Feed Water Heater for Power Plants industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed.
1. What is the global (North America, South America, Europe, Africa, Middle East, Asia, China, Japan) production, production value, consumption, consumption value, import and export of Feed Water Heater for Power Plants?
2. Who are the global key manufacturers of Feed Water Heater for Power Plants industry? How are their operating situation (capacity, production, price, cost, gross and revenue)?
3. What are the types and applications of Feed Water Heater for Power Plants? What is the market share of each type and application?
4. What are the upstream raw materials and manufacturing equipment of Feed Water Heater for Power Plants? What is the manufacturing process of Feed Water Heater for Power Plants?
5. Economic impact on Feed Water

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.165781
Retrieved Text: good garden plants do you have an area of your garden that is shaded part of the day best garden plants for winter.
good garden plants fabulous best plants for front yard landscaping gardening design shrubs good garden plants alexstandclub good garden plants what are good plants for rock gardens photo good garden plants for.
good garden plants raised bed gardening tips the home depots garden club good garden plants.
good garden plants chillies are the best and easy plants that you can grow in the kitchen garden while these plants are the good source of vitamin a b and e and the best good garden plants for texas.
good garden plants south florida garden plants best plants for garden from the master good gardening plants for south good garden plants for pots.
good garden plants best water wise plants good garden plants for dogs.
good garden plants toxic plants to avoid good garden plants for shade.
good garden plants plant these 8 plants in your garden and say goodbye to mosquitoes for good plantsthatrepelbugs good garden plants for texas.
good garden plants the best resolutions for a good garden season in 2018 flowers plants planters good garden plants for beginners.
good garden plants good garden the taste garden click to enlarge good garden plants for illinois best garden plants for beginners.
good garden plants front garden design is good garden designs for small back gardens is good good front garden best garden plants for winter.
good garden plants a colourful garden good garden plants for shade.
good garden plants garden plants need water to survive but some

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.136193
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 07:50:21 am at 04/26/2019 07:50:21 am in Best Light Bulb For Growing Plants Indoors.
best light bulb for growing plants indoors what light bulbs are good for plants light bulbs for plants light bulbs for plants plant best light bulb for growing plants indoors.
best light bulb for growing plants indoors, indoor plant lights better homes gardens cymbidium orchid, vintage grow high yield full spectrum hydroponics led grow light vintage grow high yield full spectrum hydroponics led grow light bulb lamp best of all plant lights for indoor growing of cannabis marijuana weed and , best grow lights for starting seeds indoors garden tips indoor best grow lights for starting seeds indoors garden tips indoor garden garden vegetable garden, indoor plant lights for aeroponics , cfl lights for weed growing indoors green cultured elearning solutions cfl lights for weed, light bulb growing plants light bulb plant holders my style light bulb growing plants ideas best light bulb for plants or good lights for growing plants , plant led grow light bulb lamp fixture e watts hydroponic grow plantledgrowlightbulblampfixturee, best t grow lights for growing cannabis heavycom , fluorescent lights for indoor plants grow light indoor plants indoor fluorescent lights for indoor plants plant grow light example of a grow light fluorescent light fixture , what light bulbs are good for plants light bulbs for plants plant what light bulbs are good for plants light bulbs for plants light bulbs for plants plant .

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.125875
Retrieved Text: flowering plants that come back every year daisies are examples of perennial plants that grow back year after year flowering plants that come back every year.
flowering plants that come back every year flowering plants that come back every year in okla.
flowering plants that come back every year here are some of our favorite perennials these vibrant flowers will come back every year and develop strong roots and lovely albeit shorter lived what are plants that come back every year called.
flowering plants that come back every year learn about 10 long blooming plants that work well in a many gardens one is a shrub and the rest are perennials which means that will come back every year flowering plants that come back every year in okla.
flowering plants that come back every year ageratum is also known as whiteweed and is an easy to grow perennial plant which means it will come back every year strawberry plants that come back every year.
flowering plants that come back every year how to plant grow and care for lilac shrubs flowers and plants that come back every year.
flowering plants that come back every year lilies are some of the easiest and most reliable plants you can have in your garden they are perennials in our area meaning they come back every year what do you call plants that come back every year.
flowering plants that come back every year how are annuals and perennials different flowering plants that come back every year in okla.
flowering plants that come back every year ah rose

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.089598
Retrieved Text: What Are the Best Grow Lights for My Plants?
The post What Are the Best Grow Lights for My Plants? appeared first on TheLAShop Blog.
To find the best grow light for your plants, there are a few things you have to take into consideration. The first is the type of plant you are trying to grow. Plants that have large leaves need lower levels of light, so they should do fine under fluorescent or LED lights. Plants with smaller leaves need brighter light and would grow best under metal halide or high pressure sodium lights. You also have to take into consideration the environment that the plants find natural. Plants that are from the desert, such as cacti, need to have a stronger light, because that is what they have in nature. Tropical plants often need less light, because they are used to growing under trees in a rainforest.
What are the Best Grow Lights for Growing Plants Outside?
If you plant species that are native to your area, then you will not need any extra grow lights outside. If your plants are from a warmer, or more southern climate, than there are several ways to determine the best grow lights to use. Plants that thrive in the tropical and sub-tropical regions need to have at least 12 hours of light, every day. You can use a metal halide or high pressure sodium light that is suspended above the plants, to boost the natural light they get in the northern areas. You may also want to include your light

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.048981
Retrieved Text: Too often gardeners buy plants on impulse. They choose plants for their color, the scent, or because they were told it would be easy to grow. This can lead to an unhealthy, unruly garden full of plants not suited for your home. Before you choose your garden plants, take time to think about what you should grow.
The first thing you need to consider is your soil. Some plants prefer soil that is slightly acidic, some need soil that is more alkaline. Testing the pH of your soil will give you a good idea of what you are working with and help you to determine the right plants to grow. Most gardening supply stores sell pH tests that you can do on your own to determine what soil you have.
You also need to take note of your soil type. Does it have more clay in it, is it sandy, or is the area often water logged. Different plants require different soil types to grow in. The easiest way to choose plants that will grow well in your garden is to look for native plants that have evolved to live in your area. Check with local greenhouses for local plants that are attractive and beneficial.
The next step in choosing the best plants for your garden is to look at what space you have. Large shrubs will over crowd smaller plants in a limited space. Trees too close can also rob water and nutrients from the soil that many plants will need to grow. If you want to grow

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.017358
Retrieved Text: Questions regarding living organisms of kingdom Plantae, such as tomatoes, squash, and apple trees.
Where is that lunar-grown cotton seed sprout?
Why did the Chinese send flies and plants to the far side of the moon?
How do you simulate the effects of microgravity on plants?
My team and I are working on planting in space. What equipment/techniques are used to simulate microgravity on earth for such experiments?
Would it be feasible to use natural light to grow plants on Mars?
Can a symbiosis be sustained between plants and 1 person on Mars?
Range of atmospheric pressure and composition for plant survival?
Have there been at least continuous periods of plants growing on the ISS?
Can plants thrive without atmospheric nitrogen?
Why can't plants grow on Mars?
Mars has a lot of carbon dioxide in its atmosphere. It also gets a lot of sunlight. On Earth, plants use carbon dioxide and sunlight for photosynthesis. So, why can't plants live on Mars?
What would be the ideal hydroponic crops for long duration travels?
If we provide adequate water supply will it be possible to grow plants/seeds/moss/algae (from Earth) on Mars? How different are Mars soil from Earth's soil?
How does plant growing medium not scatter around?
Is hydroponics the only viable solution to plant growth on Mars?
What are the criteria to select plants for study in space?
Can plants grow in microgravity?
Do spaceships carry plants? If not, why?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.000996
Retrieved Text: Worksheet on uses of plants and animals contains various types of questions on how they are useful to us. We know, we get many things from plants and animals.
(i) What are the things that make our land green and pleasant?
(ii) How can you say that plants provide us food?
(iii) What are cereals? What are their uses?
(iv) Name some medicinal plants and state their uses.
(v) Name some timber giving trees.
(vi) Name the animals that are used for transportation purposes?
(i) ___________ give us grain, fruits vegetables and pulses.
(ii) We obtain timer, cotton ___________ from plants.
(iii) ___________ are used for ploughing the field.
(iv) Horses are used for ___________.
(v) We get wooI from ___________.
(vi) ___________ pollution is checked by plants.
(vii) We prepare ___________ from the dung of animals.
I. (i) Plants make the land green and pleasant.
(ii) Plants give us food in the form of eatable leaves, food-grains, edible oil, fruits, vegetables, spices, etc.
(iii) The cereals are seeds of some plants belonging to the grass family. It is used in cooking.
(iv) Some medicinal plants Neem, tulsi, brahmi, bail, etc. We use these plants to cure patients suffering from various diseases.
(v) Some timber giving trees are teak, shisham, sal, etc.
(vi) Bullock, camel, donkey, elephant, horse, etc. are used for transportation purposes.
used for ploughing the fields and threshing the crops.
used for conveyance and carrying loads.
used for carrying people or goods from one place to another.
used for meat and wool.
used for sending letters from one place to another.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.990201
Retrieved Text: I live in Zone 9 (SF Bay Area) and am looking for some plants to border my yard and sidewalk which are under the shade of street trees and require low water.
Our garden doesn't get much shade and we can get some dry spells in summer. What are some plants we can put in?
If we want to plant something around trees, are primroses a good pick?
Just planted some coreopsis, what would be good companion plants?
What should I plant in front of my new boxwood hedge?
How do I care for fuchsias? I heard they like shade, for instance, is that a good place to put them?
Can I plant ferns around other plants like hosts?
We were thinking about training some plants over our garden gate?
What plants would look good with this fence?
My apartment faces west so I want advice on house plants that like some shade.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.977314
Retrieved Text: S: Last time we met, you and I were wondering if there might be creatures on other worlds, parts of other worldly food webs, looking up at the sky and wondering if they were alone in the universe, too.
I mean, alien plants aren't out there wondering about anything. Probably. But I wonder if plants here on Earth have plant-like buddies somewhere out there.
Plants on other plants... it's not that big of a stretch. Why?
Food webs, dude. On Earth, plants form the base of the food web. Animals can't exist without them, after all, plants take light energy and turn it into chemical energy. And when animal eat the plants, or eat the animal that ate the plants, they're consuming that energy.
So, plants are vital tot he survival of almost everything on Earth. That means that if you can believe there are creatures on other worlds, you might as well believe there are plants out there, too.
But, how could plants exist on other plants?
First, they need energy from light. Around here they get that from the sun, but on other plants outside our solar system, they could get it from their planets near a star. Alien plants could then use that starlight to power photosynthesis, the system Earth plants use to create sugar from light.
But, they need a few other resources for photosynthesis, too. Like, water and air. Specifically, they need a gas called: carbon dioxide, and a little bit of oxygen to help them use the energy that they make from photosynthesis.
Plus, plants need nutrients to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.944659
Retrieved Text: Informational sheets that we have developed over the years. We are here to help!
Over the years we have been asked many questions about plants, gardening, and landscaping. We've compiled information sheets about some of the most common topics. In many cases the information is general, feel free to ask us about the specifics of your plants, gardens, and landscapes. Use the links by each description to view the sheet as either a PDF file or as a webpage.
If you want to create a welcoming habitat for butterflies in your landscape read this. Questions addressed include: Which plants attract butterflies? How can I encourage butterflies to come to my garden?
If you want to create a welcoming habitat for hummingbirds in your landscape read this. Questions addressed include: Which plants attract hummingbirds? How can I encourage hummingbirds to come to my garden?
Hydrangeas are excellent ornamental plants. Learn about some of the species well-suited for southeastern Pennsylvania landscapes. Questions addressed include: Do hydrangeas prefer sun or shade? How should I prune my hydrangea? How can I change my hydrangea flower color? Will a Mother's Day hydrangea survive outside?
Are you curious why plants have different values? Read this sheet to learn why some plants cost more than others and why the plant with the higher price might be the better deal.
Learn about some of the most common causes of plant disease. Before a sick plant can be treated effectively the cause of the disease must be identified. Don't rush to spray it with chemicals, seek to understand what factors are

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.93888
Retrieved Text: Room 224 Current Curriculum - Welcome to Peirce 2nd Grade!
Please check this page frequently to stay informed about what we are learning in our classroom.
Why is pollination important to plants?
What do plants and animals need to survive and why?
How do plants help animals and vice versa?
Why are certain plants only found in specific habitats?
What would happen if you took a plant or animal and put it in a different habitat?
Can a habitat exist without plants and/or animals?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.9017515
Retrieved Text: Colorful stem plants planted in the background of Nature Aquarium – they are essential background plants to bring a bright and vibrant atmosphere to the aquascape. Stem plants can grow as a single stem, but their inherent beauty stands out when they grow in clusters. The special feature of this issue introduces the layout techniques to grow clusters of stem plants to bring out the best of the plants’ stunning perfection. Why don’t you add a bright and colorful touch to your room with an aquascape having lush stem plants?
Among aquatic plants, there are particularly a wide variety of stem plants. Their greatest attraction is the beautiful colors including bright green and red, which cannot be seen in other aquatic plants. If we look at only a single stem, it is no so impressive, but on the other hand, it stands out when the stem plants thrive in clumps. It is what we call “the beauty of plant cluster”. The trait of growing in clumps is the stem plants’ strategy to occupy a wider area to perform more advantageous photosynthesis. What is interesting is that this trait of stem plants also leads to their fascinating appearance. It is a wonderful idea to grow stem plants in clusters and bring the best of their charm to your layout.
What brings out stem plants the most is the dense vegetation. It is overwhelming to see the beautiful clusters of stem plants growing luxuriantly to fill the entire background. This section introduces some aquascapes with gregarious beauty in their backgrounds.
A

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.894546
Retrieved Text: A generation ago most people said that Australian native plants could not be grown in gardens. It was claimed that they were "wild" and "untamed" and would not tolerate cultivation. Today thousands of people are growing Australian plants with pleasure and satisfaction. There are still failures, but these are more related to attempting to grow plants in either inappropriate soils or in unsuitable climates...and these factors will cause the failure of any plant whether Australian or exotic.
There are still misconceptions about the cultivation of Australian plants and these questions and answers attempt to resolve some of them. Please feel free to suggest other questions that should be included here and, by all means, take issue with any answer you consider incorrect!
If you can't find an answer to your question here, try the search panel above. The answer is probably somewhere on our web site!
Should Australian plants be planted out when small?
Should Australian plants be pruned?
All Australian plants are drought resistant, aren't they?
Are proteas Australian native plants?
Well...if proteas aren't native, what about ericas?
Why do some Australian plants die? Shouldn't they be suited to Australian conditions?
OK....So are plants which are native to my area the best ones to grow in my garden?
Why do Australian plant enthusiasts always use botanical names?
What's the difference between "hybrids" and "cultivars"?
I've heard that I shouldn't fertilize Australian plants. Is this correct?
I live in a bushfire prone area....are there any Australian native plants that are fire-retardant?
What trees and shrubs should I avoid planting near underground pipes?
Why are there white (or pink) flowers on my

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.877015
Retrieved Text: Look at charts, Plant Journals, learning centers, drawings, and photographs to review the activities and ideas you explored this week.
Look at the “Our Plants” chart together. Point out that the chart now shows two weeks of their plants’ growth.
Start by looking at the “Our Plants” chart. Point to the sequence of photos from Week 1 and 2, and ask children to describe the changes in the plants.
Do the same with the photos of the grass seeds and green onions.
Then look at the live plants in the Watch Them Grow center. Ask children to compare the plants growing in the plastic bags and in the soil. Is one group growing better than the other?
Ask for volunteers to show their Plant Journal drawings of the two experiments from their Plant Journals.
Ask them to describe the seed-and-sunlight experiment and what they were trying to find out. What was the result?
Do the same for the seed-and-water experiment. What did they learn about plants and water?
Discuss trees while looking at the leaf and bark rubbings, children’s drawings of trees, and the photos from the plant walks and tree investigations.
Ask children to describe the different parts of trees they discovered this week: leaves, bark, trunks, branches, twigs, seeds, leaves, and roots.
Ask them why they think it’s not a good idea to rip leaves and bark off trees.
Ask, Can a tree be a home? For whom?
Remind them about the PEEP video in which Beaver Boy cut down all the trees. Why did this upset Peep and the others and what did they do

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.873714
Retrieved Text: I’m one of those people that love plants, I think I inherit it from my mom and grandmother! But I was having doubts about what plants are the best for indoor. Also I was having problems because all the plants that I bought died, so I take the time to research what are the best plants for indoor decor. Here I share with you 5 plants that are perfect for indoor. But if you don’t have the time to take care of this plants you can find a variety of artificial plants to decor your home. No matter witch one you decide your home will look fresh and pretty.
Justo estaba buscando información sobre plantas para tener dentro de la casa. Gracias por las recomendaciones.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.851107
Retrieved Text: Why do you love plants so much? Well! I love you too. But I help you so much, these plants don't. They too do a lot for me. I have never seen them do anything, they can't even move. We all depend on plants directly as well as indirectly. Of course not, they depend on us for water, manure etc. We depend on plants for a lot more. Like? Okay! What do we need most to live? Umm... Air to breathe. Oxygen to be precise. Yes! Plants give out oxygen in air. Aaa.. sorry I did not get it. I will explain this to you. Go on.. During photosynthesis. Yes! That's the process, which plants use to make food. Very Good! I've learnt it on makemegenius.com. During photosynthesis carbon dioxide defuses into the leaves through pores and then enters the cell. In the cell it defuses into the chloroplast where it makes oxygen and sugar in presence of light. Also, thus plants gives us the necessary oxygen to breathe and remove the carbon dioxide from air. Okay! That's the point I give to plants what else? What do you eat? Cereals, veggies, fruits. Cereals are our main food. Plants gives us cereals. Examples? Examples of cereals are rice, jowar, bajra, barley, maize. Do popcorn also come from plants? Popcorn comes from corn, when it is heated. Corn comes from the maize plant. This is news to me! Some plants give us pulses like dry beans, pinto beans, kidney beans and navy beans, dry peas, lentils, and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.81782
Retrieved Text: GardenBanter.co.uk » Water gardening discussions » Freshwater Aquaria Plants > My Anacharis/Elodea plants are dying,...What do I do???
My Anacharis/Elodea plants are dying,...What do I do???
This plant only thrives in my brightly lit tanks and in hard alkaline water.
you tried adding Aquarium plant fertilizer? How bright is the tank?
aquarium plants in Wal-Mart and Petsmart.
Sometimes they actually grow into a plant!
You might check on those plants.
the stores that I have access to carry aquatic fertilizers.~Dean.
of Miami Beach, Florida, U.S. of A.
floating in long strands on the surface of my Betta tank.
Okay. Hmm.., what kind of "Elodea" (species) is it..?
temperature. Or a mix of all of it..?
How often and how much do you change water..?
two local pet stores sell any aquatic plants.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.815211
Retrieved Text: Garden design – that’s just about where you put plants, isn’t it?
Garden and landscape design are really just getting the planting right isn’t it?
Plants ARE important – they are just not THE most important thing when it comes to garden design. I can feel the tut tutting as you are reading this – ‘not about plants, what’s she talking about!’ You are probably not convinced, thinking you are reading the ramblings of a crazy woman. That’s OK. Like many misconceptions, it’s going to take a bit of persuasion and coersion to set the record straight.
So if garden design isn’t about plants – what is it about?
Well cake, actually. Yes, glorious, delicious, icing covered, cake. Think of plants as the icing on the cake, NOT the cake itself. They finish it off, make it look pretty and make the garden feel like, well, a garden.
Really GOOD garden design is about the shape first, then the plants. Shape is so important because it provides the framework that the plants sit in. If the shape or main body of the garden is well thought out, then the whole garden works as one entity, not just a hit and miss of plants dotted here and there.
They get hung up on the icing. The pretty bits – the plants. If you just focus your design on what plants you are going to put in, chances are you’ll create a chaotic plant paradise but not a great garden. For some people that’s fine. BUT I suspect, not for you. The fact you

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.813712
Retrieved Text: In both these cases, there are other catogeries.
1. What is meant by the term "fertiliser?
It is a natural or synthetic chemical substance or mixture used to enrich soil so as to promote plant growth.
2. What are the chemical elements that plants need for proper growth and development are generally referred to as?
3. What are the three essential nutrients for plants?
4. What are the three primary nutrients for plants?
1. Why are plants called autotrophic organisms?
3. By what method does a plant obtain these essential nutrients?
4. What are the functions of C, H and O in plants?
1. What are the major nutrients for animals (humans)?
2. Why are animals called heterotrophs?
They cannot synthesize the own organic compounds.
Animals have to eat plants to obtain Carbon, Hydrogen and Oxygen in the form of organic compounds.
3. What is the source for each of the major elements?
Plants need N, P and K. But as a crop is harvested, the soil is depleted of these nutrients. They need to be replaced, before new crops can be grown. The N, P and K are replaced by adding them through fertilisers.
Fertilisers are natural or synthetic chemical substances or mixtures that are used to enrich soil so as to promote plant growth.
N2 is a very stable molecule and is not soluble in water. Hence it cannot be absorbed by the plants. It has to be changed into a nitrate such as ammonium nitrate.
P (phosphorous) is very reactive, and has to be changed into a safer, soluble compound.
K (potassium) is very reactive in water, actually exploding in water.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.788566
Retrieved Text: Caring for plants and watching them grow leaves kids with a sense of pride and accomplishment. There are many ways to teach kids how to care for plants. Most often this is achieved by using a variety of fun-filled activities throughout the growing season, which is a great way for kids to learn about plant growth. As kids participate with these activities, encourage them to share in the care of plants through routine watering and other necessary maintenance.
Take some small paper cups and fill with soil. Have the kids put a few seeds in each cup and then thoroughly mist the soil with water. Cover the top with a piece of cling film and place the cups on a sunny windowsill. There’s no need for watering until the sprouts begin to appear as the plastic wrap acts similar to a greenhouse, creating condensation and moisture for the seeds. Once the seeds have begun to sprout, remove the plastic wrap and let the kids water them daily or as needed.
As the seedlings grow, play guessing games with the kids. Ask questions about them and let the kids predict the outcome. For instance, how high will the plants grow? What will they look like? Will the plants produce flowers and if so, what colour? Have the kids record their predictions and see who is closest to being right once the plants have fully matured. This is a great way to spark enthusiasm in the kids as they wait and watch the plants develop.
Encourage the kids to keep track

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.7864
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Sick Plants and Problems' started by Froggums, Apr 5, 2006.
When I checked on my plants today a couple of the leaves on one of them had weird burns on them. It looks as though something very hot was lain across the leaf to cause a burned area in a stripe, and the part of the leaf past the burned area is shriveling. I am onloy using flouro lights which arent hot enough to burn the plant like this, and the plants arent close enough to touch the lights anyway. What could cause a burn like this?
lol Thanks Doug. I assume you are referring to my pipe anyway. It is my first and only piece.
Anyway, back to the burned leaf... anybody have a clue what could have happened?
man that is a nice pipe there bro!
like how big are the plants?
what size pots are they in? soil? hydro?
what nutrients are you using if any and how much?
what ph is your run off or ph of your hydro setup?
This is my first grow, 2 plants. They are just from bagseed, set up in a closet. I don't have the money to put together an elaborate setup.
The plants are each about 2 ft tall, still vegging. Haven't measured the pots, they are each more than a gallon in size tho. They are just in regular potting soil. There are some fertilizer spike things I put in the soil, just generalized fertilizer for indoor plants. There hasn't been any nute burn on the leaves since they were really young.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.779989
Retrieved Text: Q: What are the best drought tolerant plants?
Living in Arizona can be difficult. But not as difficult as keeping plants alive without water and too much sun. I need advice on what types of plants are best suited for this type of atmosphere.
Plants of the succulent variety would be your best choice, as many are native to this type of climate, and thrive there. Plants like prickly pear, aloe, sempervivums, jovibarbas, and the hanging 'donkey's tail' are all good, hardy succulents.
Oleander is another plant that is extremely drought-tolerant. You might consider this if you want something that blooms, or if you don't like the look of succulents.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.7609005
Retrieved Text: Potted palms add drama and height to this beautiful music room.
We recently worked with a client on a condo remodel where we used live plants to add some warmth to the space. I’m not talking about creating a jungle of plants or making it like a garden center – just a few pots here and there.
And I have to say, the effect was really stunning.
But the client didn’t care for it, so he removed the plants. Once they were taken away, the rooms felt extremely bare to me. Seeing the difference made me realize just how important plants can be to interior design.
One of the things people always say when I suggest plants is “Oh, I have a horrible green thumb.” Well, guess what? You don’t need to worry about what color your thumbs are because we have a terrific plant company that does all the work for you.
Interior Plant Service in San Diego comes to your home and assesses which plants will work in certain areas. Not enough light in some rooms? They have plants for that. Worried about remembering to water your plants? They have a system for that too. Wondering how to avoid plants that shed leaves or flowers? They are experts on that.
A combination of a few large and small plants gives the room warmth with little maintenance required.
When you add plants this way, you aren’t just selecting what looks pretty – only to see it die later. Instead, you are bringing in plants that fit perfectly in your home’s environment and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.756966
Retrieved Text: replace two plants at driveway entrance.
I am looking to replace to dead plants on each side of my drive way entrance. I am thinking of palmetto trees I love them. what would be a good choice. remember I want something that doesn't take much work or care. that is plant and forget.
It is really hard to know because I don't have a feel for your yard but Lavender is very low easy to maintain. That might be a thought.
I planted white onions in two different spots in the ground about 8 weeks ago and neither one sprouted at all?
i have two plants growing out of control,yellow alamanda plant and devils backbone.
one of my Pyracantha plants has what appear to be two green apples. What Are They?
Does a single pumpkin plant produce fruit or do you need two plants for cross pollination?
My green beans stopped producing after two large pickings. The plants are green and look like nothing is wrong. Help!!
I have two Lewisia plants do I haave to deadhead when the flowers stop blooming?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.750545
Retrieved Text: Whatever they told you approximately Buy Plants Online is dead wrong and here's why. Unusual article gives you the statistics on Buy Plants Online that only a few humans realize exist.
Whatever they informed you approximately Buy Plants Online is lifeless wrong and right here's why. Unusual article offers you the data on Buy Plants Online that only some people recognise exist.
What you ought to do to find out approximately Buy Plants Online before you're left at the back of. New article well-knownshows the low down on Buy Plants Online and why you ought to take movement these days.
What you must do to find out about Buy Plants Online earlier than you are left in the back of. New article reveals the low down on Buy Plants Online and why you should take action today.
What all people else does when it comes to Plant Delivery and what you need to do exclusive. Find out who's talking about Plant Delivery and why you ought to be involved.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.75054
Retrieved Text: World's Largest Flower. Do you know its name? See Answer below.
(a) We often see in our homes or in neighbourhood some plants that have long but weak stems and crawl on ground. What are these plants called? Give an example of such a plant.
(b) Some plants grow in our neighbourhood have medicinal properties. What do we call such plants? Give an example of such plant.
(c) Meena tries to pull out a bunch of grass and a rose plant from a soil in her garden. Which plan she is able to pull out easily? Why?
(d) Name the plant which produces the largest flower? What is the diameter of the flower?
(e) Mridula learned that green plants prepare their own food by photosynthesis. What are the raw materials required by the plant for photosynthesis?
(f) Sahil visits her aunt's house. There he sees an ornamental plant in a pot. The plan take support on neighbouring structures to climb up. What do we call such plants? Can you give an example of such plant?
(g) Leaves of Lily plant have parallel arrangement of veins whereas rose plants have reticulate arrangement of veins. Can you identify the types of roots system in both the plants?
1 (c). Grass (herb) will be plucked easily. While Rose is shrub having deeper roots comparatively.
1 (e). Carbon dioxide, water, minerals and sunlight.
1 (f). Climbers eg bittergourd (karela), Money Plant.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.74038
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / How Earth Works / land ethics / Why Native Plants?
There are misconceptions among people who don’t know what native plants are and why they are so important.
I think the first misconception is that native plants are ugly or un-worthy to grace a beautiful garden. For some strange reason many people seem to think that native plants are the scraggly plants by the roadside. These roadside plants like Garlic Mustard, White Clover and Spotted Knapweed have tiny flowers compared to the large blooms we often see in gardens.
None of these plants are natives, but aliens or even invasive species brought to this land for economic reasons or they were just stowaways on goods brought over.
These beautiful plants are natives.
The second misconception is people wrongly think that a garden or even an ecosystem full of plants from other places actually works. The idea that one plant is just as good as another.
This could not be further from the truth. Here is an example.
Native plants and animals have spent thousands, maybe millions of years living and cooperating with each other. For an example take the common Monarch Butterfly, big, orange and beautiful.
The Monarch butterfly (Danus plexippus) female only lays her eggs on the underside of young healthy leaves of Milkweed plants. These plants include the Butterfly weed, Swamp Milkweed and Common Milkweed among others.
The baby butterflies (called larva or caterpillars) eat the leaves of the Milkweed plants. A substance in the Milkweed plants called cardiac glycoside makes the flesh of the Monarch caterpillars and

================



======= Instance Index 1371 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what has hair?" and the following answer choices: 
- animals
 - humans
 - h2o
 - snakes
 - fish
 - goats
 - fur seals
 - bears

Now knowing that hair is a fiber that is found only in mammals and all humans are mammals, choose the best answer.

Target Text: humans

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.509302
Retrieved Text: Oh Why, Rope Braid? Why?
I just did a 4 strand french braid!
Would it be better to start over?
Soft Shiny Hair - Whitish Residue on Brush - Help!!!
Does hair get fuller first?
Long hair and neck pain??
made it to 27"... and there it goes.
Hair extensions - what do you think?
Wax. Or hairwax. Hair friendly or not?
Which celebrities DON'T wear hair extensions?
What to do? Should I cut?
Static in the winter time!!
Best routine for growing hair fast?
Yipee first dutch braid ever!!!!!
I'm cold. Need to see pics of warm updos.
So bored with my hair!
Kevin & Kell has a cartoon for us!
My hair brought us together.
hairdresser says cut 5"...what do you think?
Update With Pictures =) Also, In Need of V-Cut Pictures and New Style Pictures!
I am a hair NINJA!
How do you think this braid was done?
"Long hair runs in the family"
How do you keep yourselves from cutting your hair?
I did my first "proper" updo today :) LHC has changed my hair so much.
Is there a way to get very "open" S-waves without heat?
What if I end up losing my hair?
I'm ashamed. I dyed my hair for the first time in almost 2 years.
Us UKers have an online Sally's I'm in heaven!!!
a wonderful hair growth guide; a must read for newbies!
At least I did it!
Ah heck...I'm calling this BSL.
I've added more red to my highlights!
Hair is breaking off, help!
Damaging treatment for one evening - what consequences will it have for my hair?
Effective, gentle way to dry hair?
My hair hates air drying. And it is misbehaving at the moment.
Forking from the wrong side.
SL to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.502021
Retrieved Text: What a pity to cut 12 years of brazilian hair!
Beautiful hair, I think everyone likes it. But now young people love perm, dye hair to let our hair lose the original luster! And the beautiful Brazilian hair of a girl is really admirable!
But 12 years of beautiful hair from the Brazilian girl may be cut at the cost of 500 dollars.
The girl, who lives in the poor area of Rio DE janeiro, Brazil, has never had her hair cut in 12 years and is known to the media as the Brazilian live-in rapunzel. She is a meter and six feet tall and has a full 1.6 meters of hair. Normal people have about 10 percent of water in their hair.I don't know what her hair water percent is!
The long hair has had some bad effects on her life, and the local wigs merchant has offered 500 dollars to buy it! It's a lot of money for her too!
But if only because of 500 dollars she can't have this beautiful long hair, what a pity!
Thus to get a head of brazilian hair is very expensive. Dsoarhair.com collect all kinds of Brazilian hair bundles from Brazilian local donors and sell to American African women who love beauty. Brazilian hair is very soft and smooth in texture. Welcome to choose.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.431271
Retrieved Text: What chemicals are in hair gel, and what makes it "gel"?
If i had lovely hair, i'm sure i would be young and hip and style it like the cool kids! What is it about hair gel, that has an effect to make your hair "hold" and possibly look "wet"?
Re: What chemicals are in hair gel, and what makes it "gel"?
Hair Colour ?......Eye Colour ?...why ?
Page created in 0.112 seconds with 36 queries.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.420275
Retrieved Text: Does anyone know what Crystal Gayle uses in her hair?
CO washing colored hair -- does it help it not to fade?
stretch mark oil for hair?
Does anyone know how I would recreate this look?
Advice on cutting another person hair!
Easy, heatless, Bella Swan hair! Feat my new fav product.
Curly Hair, need product advise?
Using bun holder to assist with cutting hair?
Might washing hair every day be good?
Hard water or wrong condish??
What was your 2012 goal?
Is There Any Way to Overcome Terminal Length?
Hair Chalking- Has anyone seen/tried this?
70s hair -- Am I just being nostalgic?
Lots of shedding and tapper - usual in summer?
which is better infused or boiled herbal rinses?
any tips for brushing waves with baby hairs? help for defining waves day 2?
HOW do you know if your hair likes cones or not?
your favorite rinse to gently remove buildup?
Grocery list - what are some good foods I should put on the list for healthy hair?
What did you eat for your hair today?
What fairytales mentioning hair gives you inspiration and that you loved to read?
Homemade salt water spray damaging?
henna with hilites=too much damage?
No-tangle solutions for long-haired boy...Help us avoid a haircut!
Rough top layer of hair?
Damage still - ultra thin hair!
How do I know if my hair is in a good condition?
WARM updos for BSL hair?
How do you go about washing your hair less?
Matted hair after S&C - What to do?
Any tips for detangling hair easily?
Tentative Post: Odds Stacked Against me having Long Hair?
Someone talk me off the ledge... Or push me. Either one.
First ACV rinse: A succses!
Tell a LH You Love

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.38894
Retrieved Text: What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is just one of the many collections of images or photos on this website. There are approximately 55697 images that exist in our database associated with this post. This post of "what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora" was uploaded by frederick on 30-08-2018 and posted on the romishop.co website with category What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair and has been viewed some 516,015 times.
This is a image related to what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora, there are approximately 55697 background related to this what *r* the best hair products for natural curly hair photos gallery. Please see the details below and click on the title for more information..
What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is post about The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by jaime on 16 October 2018.
What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is post about What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by jonathan on 27 September 2018.
What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is pic about The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by clifford on 11 October 2018.
What *r* the best products for natural hair awesome 5 great curly is image about What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by jon

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.3618355
Retrieved Text: Ha ha...I kind of like it both ways! So cute.
That is some wild hair on a beautiful baby. Amazing what five seconds and a ponytail will do.
What a happy baby! That pony-tail sweep is a fast and easy fix to "fly away" hair. Pity I can't use it . . . on second thought, I don't need to.
Grand babies rock. Yes they do and she's a cutie pie.
Aww! What a sweetie pie! I love the color of her hair!
How horrible is it to admit that her hair looks a bit like mine this morning. I could use the ponytail. Big time. And a cup of coffee too.
LOL She's adorable either way!
So cute! I love the morning hair!
She looks like Cyndi Lauper in the before tee hee - you may have a rock star on your hands Rosey - !!!
What a cutie pie! I have to say that my hair has been known to look like hers in the mornings in that first photo. lol!
ha. the first one looks more like my hair...smiles.
Oh I love this photo and that HAIR! LOL hahahahahaha.
Yes, dear Rosey, get that mammogram. Even if they determine there is something there, you can attack it and get it conquered. If you don't, guess what fate you would have? ya. (hug) to you my friend!
I had this same before hairdo this morning, lol. Love it.
precious portraits, a very pretty girl!
She is adorable! I love her chubby cheeks. Enjoy your day!
What a great head of hair! She's adorable!
LOL... oh my gosh Rosey... how cute she

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.318265
Retrieved Text: What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is just one of the many collections of images or photos on this website. There are approximately 55697 images that exist in our database associated with this post. This post of "what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora" was uploaded by maurice on 27-09-2018 and posted on the romishop.co website with category What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair and has been viewed some 79,580 times.
This pictures of "what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora" is from the above 602x602 resolutions which is part of the What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair directory, Download this wallpapers for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
This is a image related to what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora, there are approximately 55697 post related to this what *r*

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.310758
Retrieved Text: Miriam is a expert professional with hair. She has been doing my color for 20 years and is honest with what color, styles, and trends will work with my hair type. No one touches my hair except Miriam ... I’m currently driving an hour just so she can continue to do my hair.
Marian is a true hair professional. She has been doing my hair...cut, color, Keratin and extensions...for over 10 years! I would not trust anyone else like I trust Mariam. Angela, Mariams assistant, is also fully licensed and has become very skilled with cuts and color. Even my husband enjoys going there for his haircuts...they make him feel so special! I love these girls!!!
Miriam is AMAZING with color! I've been going to her for two years now and will not allow anyone else to touch my hair!!!
Mariam is a talented colorist and stylist. She has always exceeded my expectations. Beyond that she is an amazingly caring person. My hair color was a mess when I met her. She fixed me. I will always be greatful.
Mariam is more than just a hair stylist. She is perfection!! She has done my hair for quite some time now and I have never been disappointed!! If you want someone who knows what she is doing, make an appointment with Mariam. You won't be disappointed. You will love her work and you will love her.
Mariam is an excellent colorist and overall hair stylist. She transformed my boring thin hair with extensions and color matched perfectly. Her pricing is fair if

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.297625
Retrieved Text: What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural is a part of Protective Hairstyles For Natural Hair pictures gallery. To see this What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural in High Resolutions, right click on the image and choose "Save Image As" and then you will get this image about What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural.
This digital photography of What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural has dimension 1600 × 1200 pixels. You can see a gallery of Protective Hairstyles For Natural Hair below. Get segments interesting article about Protective Hairstyles For Natural Hair that may help you.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.2663765
Retrieved Text: I've been in the Salon Industry for over 13 years. At an early age I was confident that this was my passion after following my Aunt in her salon during the summers growing up. Challenging my abilities and talents to always bring fresh ideas to my clients. One of my favorite aspects of my profession is that it never gets old or feels like work. I consider my clients to be family and I enjoy the time I spend with each one of them in my chair.
Barbie has been doing my hair for 2 years now. She is the Queen of doing hair. Color , extentions, cuts tou name it she hs always mastered it! I will let nobody touch my hair but her! -Stephanie G.
Barbie is an awesome stylist with a big heart and a passion for getting you what you want for your hair. She says styling hair isnt just a job to her, she really enjoys it and you can definitely see it in the results. Sweet, real-talker, easy to converse with. I would highly recommend Barbie to anyone in the St. Augustine / Palatka area.
Barbie is the only person that I will trust with my color. My highlights are always stunning. Barbie is professional and knows exactly what I'm asking for when I describe what I need. She has never let me down and that speaks volumes!
Barbie is the only one I trust, she has done my hair for the past 6 years. She always does what is safe for my hair,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.258038
Retrieved Text: I have a confession: this past March, I got a hair smoothing treatment that seriously damaged my hair. I’ve been trying to stay away from chemical-laden keratin treatments so I tried an amino-acid based one. I thought, worst-case, it wouldn’t do much. And it didn’t, in the way of smoothing or humidity-blocking. But it did break my hair.
Can I just say, I’ve never.
My hair has always been dependably tough. I use a lot of heat, I color it regularly. I live through dry New York City winters and hard tap water. I’ve aged, but my hair has always been strong. So having a head of brittle, broken hair has been a little soul crushing.
Since spring, it’s been Operation Hair Rehab. The regime has consisted of washing my hair just twice a week and using a hair mask every time. I also lowered the temp on my hair wand and spaced out my color a little more.
How It Works: The unique formula binds the hair cuticle and cortex together, making the hair whole again, able to fend off further damage.
What You See Immediately: Smooth, silky hair that looks and feels healthy.
What You See Over Time: Healed hair with strength and renewed life, able to take environmental and chemical beatings, if you must.
Key Ingredients: Japanese Lotus flower:noted for its ability to bloom in even the most hostile environments. It has been used for centuries for its moisturizing and softening properties. Ceramides: lipids naturally present in the hair, providing the hair with impermeability, protection and resistance.
This remarkable treatment actually

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.254147
Retrieved Text: Click Image To Visit SiteThe Most Important Hair Loss Discovery.. What if you could stop and prevent MALE and FEMALE hair loss, strengthen, revitalize and restore thinning hair, without involving cost, treatments, products or drugs? Leading International hair health specialist, Jonathon E Phillips shows how and why this breakthrough information has never been previously available – revealing how you can stop hair loss naturally and retain healthier, fuller thicker hair. STOP!!
Do not spend one more dollar on your hair concerns until you learn this breakthrough knowledge. Now for the first time you can discover the answers and take control.
Consumer Alert !!! This totally unique breakthrough information has never before been previously available and has been Internationally hailed by medical practitioners both orthodox and alternative. There is no need to spend one more dollar on what could be unnecessary and psychologically damaging products and treatments..
Click here for more information about "Hair Loss No More, Natural Female and Male Hair Loss Treatment"

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.221774
Retrieved Text: Home Hair	Does the naturtint hair color has orange hair color in their kitty?
Does the naturtint hair color has orange hair color in their kitty?
I want to get some orange peekaboo highlights on my colored blonde hair but I want to try the naturtint hair color but I am not too sure if they have the orange haircolor. Does the naturtint hair color has orange hair color in their kitty? Should I look out for some other brands? Which ones will you recommend?
where to get Hair Cuttery Coupons?
what does Beauty Bar Chicago do?
← How does tetrasodium edta work in the cleansers?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.212224
Retrieved Text: The hair care market has many shampoos and conditioners that treat your hair, but the only thing these products do is treat the hair that is already there. No hair product can get to the root of the problem, which is the hair that has yet to grow. The fix for poor hair quality has to come from within, and if your body isn’t processing nutrients correctly, you won’t get good hair growth.
Good hair starts with having an abundance of building blocks in your body. That is, you need enough vitamins and basic hair components flowing in your body for the creation of a good hair follicle. The best hair growth vitamins on the market are going to have what your body needs in the event you are not getting enough from your diet. Sometimes, your diet isn’t ever going to be able to supply what you need for hair growth.
What you eat plays a direct role in how your hair grows. If you have a poor diet, you are going to be lacking in vital nutrients and have poor hair growth. Some people can have the best possible diet with all of the right nutrition and still have poor hair quality. The reason is known as malabsorption in the intestines. In other words, this means the intestines are not pulling all of the required nutrients, supplements and minerals into the bloodstream. The direct result is that the essential operating systems of the body get all of the nutrients while the less essential (hair, skin, nails)

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.193919
Retrieved Text: No More Dry Hair and Dandruff Problems with These Natural Hair Treatments – To better the appearance and look, we need to give careful attention to the hair. That’s why we do kind of hair treatments such as shampooing either at home or a beauty salon with the aim to keep the hair healthy and well maintained. Not only women but also men always want to look well groomed with healthy, clean, and tidy hair.
The hair that has never been washed of course will damage the appearance and look unsightly. Therefore, we will most of the times take care of the hair by using hair care products or going to a salon even though it will drain the wallet.
Outdoor activities that we perform on a daily basis can unwittingly damage the hair. Hair problems that of dry hair and dandruff are very disturbing that force us to get effective solution. Without proper treatment, the hair could be more damaged and neglected. Instead of finding the cure, we have to prevent those miserable things happen. So, what is the best hair treatments to ditch dry hair and dandruff? Before answering that question, let’s first recognize what can cause hair problems such as dry hair and dandruff.
What is Dry Hair and Dandruff?
Damaged hair usually starts from the wrong combination of treatments that cause the hair cuticle to wither. Such wrong treatments can damage the hair cortex. The most noticeable sign of dry hair is branched hair of which the ends of the hair are split. Another sign, the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.19254
Retrieved Text: Finding hairstyle products that work for your own hair can be trial and error, just because everyone has different hair texture. That being said, I love to read what other ladies use on their hair and what products work best for them. Here is my list of what I’m currently using on my hair and why I love these products!
Flexi Clips – This is what I use in my hair the most. You can get seven different sizes of clips so they work in baby fine hair or mega thick hair. It’s definitely worth the investment for easy hairstyles in the morning that look like you put a lot of effort into it!
Redken Forceful 23 Hairspray – My hairstylist suggested this product and it’s worked really well for when I need hairspray. I like that it’s not sticky, and that it really does hold!
Living Proof Dry Shampoo – If you have never tried dry shampoo, you don’t know what you are missing! This is perfect for those crazy mom days where you are going on day 3 or 4 of not washing your hair! It doesn’t leave a residue or feel sticky, but takes away that greasy, dirty feel. Did you know that hairstyles are easier to do when it’s not on freshly washed hair? Just make sure and apply some dry shampoo first, so your hair looks clean!
Head and Shoulders Shampoo – After trying different shampoos for years, I finally started using this a year or two ago and I’ve never looked back. I always

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.183986
Retrieved Text: I have been doing hair and makeup for over 10 yrs in the Goodyear area and couldn't love my job more! I love making my clients happy and feeling beautiful! I always try my best to listen to my clients and there needs and make it happen. A good consultation is key. Not only do I love working with their hair but I love meeting all these wonderful people!
Love my new color! Danielle is simply amazing! The hair color she chose for me is stunning and perfect. She took the time to really listen to what I wanted and I could not be happier with the results. She is truly talented beyond measure. Not to mention…#Nofilter Salon is absolutely gorgeous, modern, and so welcoming. I felt completely pampered and can’t wait for my next appointment!
Danielle has been styling my hair for 7 years. She always does a great job & listens to what you want whether it's a change or "the usual". With gentle coaxing over the years, I've gone from no highlights, very long hair with no bangs or layers to shoulder length layered hair w/bangs & ombre. I get more compliments & appear to look younger. Danielle is fun, upbeat & genuine. I always enjoy my visit with her.
Danielle Biancamano is my hairdresser and has been styling my hair now for 3 years (I actually don't really know how long it's been). She is an excellent hairdresser, very professional, trustworthy and reliable. She always gives you the end result of what you want. Danielle

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.163185
Retrieved Text: Bizymoms.com, the premier work-at-home community on the Internet with more than 5 million visitors per year, has interviewed Dr. Robert M. Bernstein in order to answer readers’ common questions about hair restoration and hair loss.
Q: Who would be a good candidate for hair transplant surgery?
Q: How does hair transplantation work?
Q: What can be done for people dissatisfied with previous mini/micrograft procedures?
Q: What are the possible harmful effects of Propecia and Rogaine?
Q: How many grafts/hairs are needed for hair transplant surgery?
Q: What are the advanced hair transplant techniques?
Q: What are the new hair restoration treatments available for men and women?
Low-Level Laser Therapy (LLLT) utilizes cool lasers to stimulate hair growth and reduce shedding of hair. […] Latisse (Bimatoprost) is an FDA approved topical medication for eyelash growth.
Go to Bizymoms.com to read the full interview.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.152573
Retrieved Text: In the class are 60% boys and 40% girls. Long hair has 10% boys and 80% girls.
a) What is the probability that a randomly chosen person has long hair?
b) The selected person has long hair. What is the probability that it is a girl?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.144403
Retrieved Text: Selecting the hair restoration practice to perform your hair transplant procedure is a big decision. Here are some tips for helping understand this field of medicine and how to make the best decision for you regarding all of the different hair transplant costs.
Determining the cost of a hair transplant procedure starts with knowing the amount of hair loss you have already. Next, your donor hair has to be assessed. The amount of quality donor hair that can be safely harvested helps establish the surgery session size and the actual price range. Most hair restoration practices charge an average price per graft for the harvested donor hair. That average price per graft is impacted by the type of procedure you choose to have whether it is FUT Strip, FUE Manual or Robotic FUE. All these factors are combined to determine the actual hair restoration cost. While cost may be a driving factor in your decision making, one of our patients summed this up well: whatever hair replacement cost you pay for a bad, or even mediocre hair transplant, is way too costly.
If you’re wondering how much does a hair transplant cost, you should consider these questions first.
What training and credentials does the surgeon have? Is the surgeon Board Certified of ISHRS certified?
What technology is used and how long has the surgeon been using the various types? Is the surgeon an innovator or an imitator?
What procedures does this surgeon perform? Can the surgeon do all procedures and not be limited by skills or staffing?
Does the surgeon specialize in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.142754
Retrieved Text: makes my hair super soft and isn’t all tangled when i get out of the shower. lovely!
Best shampoo and conditioner I've enter used!!!
Best shampoo I’ve ever used. Definitely worth the price and I love that it’s specifically made just for me.
I love what this has done for my troublesome hair. My stylist keeps commenting on how soft and tamed my hair has become compared to what it normally is like.
BEST shampoo and conditioner I have ever used. Best part, it's custom to my hair style.
Love the smell, the stickers, the color and it makes my hair feel so soft and clean ?
I LOVE this stuff. I have oily hair and I cant use regular shampoo without my hair getting greasy and now my hair is SO soft and nourished. Will be purchasing again!
I started using Function of Beauty 6 months ago as I always struggled with healthy hair and growth. It is AMAZING. I will never use a different shampoo and conditioner, my hair has never been happier and I love that their is n antibrassiness option for my plaitnum hair. Also, I made some goofs on my order and they contacted me and offered to reshape it at no extra cost! AMAZING SERVICE!!!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.138658
Retrieved Text: Home » Posts tagged with "asian"
Which type of hair I can sell?
Every type of hair has a great chance of selling on sellbuyhaironline.com. We recommend selling virgin, colored, highlighted, short, long, straight, curly, male or female, or any color under the rainbow. It does not matter what your hair type is, there is a good chance a user out there is looking for exactly what you are offering. Of course the longer your hair is and the least amount of chemical treatments you have had on your hair will help increase the value.
Our site has helped our users raise over $100,000 dollars in hair sales since 2010 and that total grows each day. We are the number one online hair sales site in the world with over 4000 registered users so let us help you sell your hair today!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.138633
Retrieved Text: Marieme D Hair, offers a top class hair salon service.
Mariéme D Hair is a modern hair salon in Essex that caters for all types of hair. The Salon is run by Mariéme Diallo and her team of highly trained and experienced staff. The Salon is uniquely attached to the Body Factory Gym which is a ladies only gym. It's probably the only place in Essex where you can truly refresh and invigorate your body and hair without having to leave the building!
Mariéme D Hair is conveniently located close to Becontree tube station and offers a warm welcome to customers making the journey locally from areas such as Ilford, Chadwell Heath, Romford and Hornchurch, as well as those coming from further afield such as Stratford, South Woodford, Greenwich and London. We work hard to ensure that our clients experience isn't a good on - it's a great one!
​You and your hair will be taken care of from your very first appointment. You will relax in the recently refurbished environment and soon be forgetting you went anywhere else to revitalise your hair. Tea, coffee and water (with complimentary biscuits!) are always available to enhance your experience and staff is only too happy to cater to your needs if what you ask for isn't on offer - all within reason of course!
Mariéme Diallo, Manager and Head Stylist is at the forefront of ensuring that this hair salon stands out from the crowd and offers a first-class hair experience for all clients. She has over 20 years’ experience working on

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.128895
Retrieved Text: Vinci Hair Clinic has centres of excellence right across the world practicing the very best Hair Transplant and Micro Scalp Pigmentation techniques. If you are thinking about having a hair restoration treatment, then consider Vinci as the best place to restore your hair by having a Hair Transplant, or indeed by using our MSP Micro Scalp Pigmentation technique.
The best hair transplant techniques, along with the most experienced practitioners of the Micro Scalp Pigmentation technique means that you are in the best possible hands when it comes to your hair restoration treatment.
Excellence in hair restoration is key to what Vinci Hair Clinic are about. We believe in providing the highest quality treatments, with a convenient, caring, and comprehensive approach using state of the art hair restoration techniques.
Read more about what types of hair loss exist, what treatments are available to treat many of the different types of hair loss and, see what kind of fantastic results some people achieve by having a Hair Transplant or Micro Scalp Pigmentation treatment with Vinci Hair Clinic.
Many patients have questions about the treatments that Vinci offers its clients. Featured here are some of the most frequently asked questions about our surgical, medical and pigmentation treatments.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.127443
Retrieved Text: This set is recommended for: Adding full length and volume to all hair types. If your after a completely natural looking result, this set it for you!
With Dollie clip in hair extensions you can enjoy the freedom of clipping-in and clipping-out whenever you wish.
Our clip in hair extensions provide immediate transformation and can be easily applied in minutes without the help of a hair stylist. Dollie clip in hair extensions come in multiple pieces of varying widths so you can choose to add length, colour and volume to give you that glamorous look you deserve.
Our clip in hair extensions are made of 100% natural remy human hair so you can wash, straighten, blow-dry and curl the hair extensions just as if they were your natural hair!
We bet you must have a ton of questions about Dollie Hair Extensions (especially if you're a first time hair extensions wearer)!
Below are questions we frequently receive about our hair extensions, including micro loop hair extensions, remy hair extensions, clip in human hair extensions (real hair extensions), weft hair extensions, the difference between affordable and cheap hair extensions, proper care and use of hair extensions, application of hair extensions, and how to buy hair extensions online.
We try to make it as easy as possible for you to buy extensions online by having this support page, so that we can answer your questions and concerns by providing as much information as we can. We also offer quick-response email support to enhance your online experience.
Hair extensions are strands of human or synthetic hair

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.112948
Retrieved Text: My name is Ashley Barrientez and I'm the owner and creator of Top Knot Chicago. I started Top Knot Chicago in July of 2016 with a desire to create opportunities for myself, contribute to my family while being home with my sons and still express my passion and creativity.
My love for elastic hair ties, over traditional hair ties, is what ultimately led me to start this business. These hair ties are gentle on your hair and can be an accessory on your wrist more than traditional hair ties. I hand make every hair tie and design the cards that accompany them. I love that this business has been able to bring out many of the skills I’ve worked very hard on and I appreciate the joy I have while making them. I'm looking forward to expanding to more hair accessories that utilize more of my artistic passion.
This journey of beginning Top Knot Chicago has completely surpassed what I hoped for when I started this venture and I can't wait to see what the future has in store for Top Knot Chicago and myself.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.110774
Retrieved Text: This tutorial will show you how to draw male and female anime hair. Anime hair is what makes anime heroes unique and beautiful – as with real humans, it’s the crowning beauty. Let's begin!
How can you make your male anime hair look more realistic?
Right! This is the perfect way to make your anime hair look more like real hair! In addition to adding detailed lines within the hair itself, you can even add bangs or flyaway hairs! Read on for another quiz question.
Use marker to outline the hair.
Not exactly! No matter what your anime hair looks like, you should plan on outlining it with a darker pen or marker. Then you can go back and erase any unnecessary pencil lines if you want. Choose another answer!
Nope! Male anime hair is usually big and spiky, but even if you choose a shorter hairstyle, it won't necessarily make it look more realistic. There are other details you can add if you're going for realism! Guess again!
Use different types of pen to outline your drawing.
What is the biggest difference between male anime hair and female anime hair?
There are more options with male hair.
Female hair has more color options.
Not quite! While male anime hair usually is short and spiky, your female anime hair can be short and spiky, too! Anime follows some traditional patterns, but your drawings don't have to stick to any of them. Guess again!
Absolutely! Female anime hair is traditionally longer than male hair. If you're worried about your reader being able to differentiate between male and female

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.11009
Retrieved Text: Hair Transplant Surgery is a surgical technique that removes hair follicles from one part of the body, called the ‘donor site’, to a bald or balding part of the body known as the ‘recipient site’. This procedure is primarily used to treat baldness. It can also be used to restore eyelashes, eyebrows, beard hair, chest hair, and pubic hair and to fill in scars caused by accidents or surgery such as face-lifts and previous hair Transplants. Mexico City, Mexico is a world-renowned and respected destination in Latin America for everything related to hair Transplant surgery.
While searching for Hair Transplant Surgery Clinics in Mexico City, Mexico, you will find a lot of suitable choices. However, in order to find the best option, you’ll need to consider a few factors. First, the surgeon of choice has to be properly qualified and certified to perform the surgery. Also, the facility has to be licensed and accredited with the right equipment to carry out this procedure. It is also important to ask about the experience of previous patients who have already gone through the treatment. It is best to do research on your hair transplant clinic to see exactly what treatments they offer, and what options could work for you.
What Are the Advantages of Hair Transplant in Mexico City, Mexico?
What is the Cost of Hair Transplant in Mexico City, Mexico?
The average cost of Hair Transplant in Mexico City, Mexico is around $1,700. Final prices are determined after physical evaluation and laboratory reports analysis.
Mexico City International Airport connects Mexico City via

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.105406
Retrieved Text: Hair has always been and will always be an important visual aspect of men and women. Beautiful, shiny and health hair “enhance” the image of anyone regardless of age, so learn to care for it beginning with knowing what to eat to keep each strand of hair beautiful.
The most effective home treatment for hair care is a healthy diet. You are what you eat, and what you put into your body will be reflected on the outside.
Below you will find an “arsenal” of food products that will improve the beauty of any hair. Check out these options and celebrate the results!
Brown Rice: Has biotin – a vitamin that helps regulate the life cycle phases of the hair cord. The absence of this vitamin is related to hair loss.
Oats: Have silicon – a mineral that helps in the production of collagen, important for shiny hair.
Olive Oil: Fatty acids are essential during the keratinization process of the cells that form the hair shaft. Without them, the cord becomes thinner and more fragile.
Potato: Thanks to its presence, potassium controls the water balance in the hair shaft, thus improving hydration and flexibility, facilitating easy hairstyles.
Red Meat: Provides zinc useful in the synthesis of proteins, the main component of hair strands.
Kale: It contains vitamin E which protects the natural oiliness of the scalp, improving circulation.
Egg Yolk: Has pro-vitamin B5, which reduces hair fall-out and accelerates growth.
Chickp eas: A good source of the mineral magnesium that renews cells, so it is particularly important in help hair growth.
Skin Milk or Yogurt: Calcium stimulates

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.1026535
Retrieved Text: Has Kim Kardashian had a hair transplant?
I recognize – it seems insane. However a chatter publication has actually just recently made the claim that Kim Kardashian has actually had a hair transplantation. I suggest, we’re made use of to seeing male star hair transplantation, but what regarding females? Hair loss impacts them also. And to be reasonable, the fact TELEVISION star has been with a great deal– various hairdo, two kids, the anxiety of being married to Kanye West … So, has Kim Kardashian had a hair transplantation?
Kim has actually come a long way because her very early days– from Paris Hilton’s partner to arguably one of the most well-known lady in the world.
As well as her appearance has altered substantially throughout this time as well.
Do not stress if your fringe resembles this– it can be perfectly normal as well as does not suggest you’re losing your hair.
Yet just a few years later, the baby hairs were nowhere to be seen.
Yet I don’t assume this is the hair transplant individuals over at Life & Style magazine are alluding to however.
If anything, her hairline is higher than it was previously.
So what did she have done?
In this instance, it looks like she’s had laser hair removal at the fringe to remove the infant hairs and create a tidier hair line. This is a pretty standard as well as basic beauty treatment. No hair transplant here– yet.
Recent photos – Kim Kardashian hair loss?
Some photos do appear to show Kim with thinner hair compared to her Keeping Up With the

================



======= Instance Index 1383 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What has hair?" and the following answer choices: 
- birds
 - cats
 - fish
 - ducks
 - humans
 - animals
 - Man
 - bears

Now knowing that hair is a fiber that is found only in mammals and bEAR A bear is a big, furry mammal, choose the best answer.

Target Text: bears

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.509302
Retrieved Text: Oh Why, Rope Braid? Why?
I just did a 4 strand french braid!
Would it be better to start over?
Soft Shiny Hair - Whitish Residue on Brush - Help!!!
Does hair get fuller first?
Long hair and neck pain??
made it to 27"... and there it goes.
Hair extensions - what do you think?
Wax. Or hairwax. Hair friendly or not?
Which celebrities DON'T wear hair extensions?
What to do? Should I cut?
Static in the winter time!!
Best routine for growing hair fast?
Yipee first dutch braid ever!!!!!
I'm cold. Need to see pics of warm updos.
So bored with my hair!
Kevin & Kell has a cartoon for us!
My hair brought us together.
hairdresser says cut 5"...what do you think?
Update With Pictures =) Also, In Need of V-Cut Pictures and New Style Pictures!
I am a hair NINJA!
How do you think this braid was done?
"Long hair runs in the family"
How do you keep yourselves from cutting your hair?
I did my first "proper" updo today :) LHC has changed my hair so much.
Is there a way to get very "open" S-waves without heat?
What if I end up losing my hair?
I'm ashamed. I dyed my hair for the first time in almost 2 years.
Us UKers have an online Sally's I'm in heaven!!!
a wonderful hair growth guide; a must read for newbies!
At least I did it!
Ah heck...I'm calling this BSL.
I've added more red to my highlights!
Hair is breaking off, help!
Damaging treatment for one evening - what consequences will it have for my hair?
Effective, gentle way to dry hair?
My hair hates air drying. And it is misbehaving at the moment.
Forking from the wrong side.
SL to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.502021
Retrieved Text: What a pity to cut 12 years of brazilian hair!
Beautiful hair, I think everyone likes it. But now young people love perm, dye hair to let our hair lose the original luster! And the beautiful Brazilian hair of a girl is really admirable!
But 12 years of beautiful hair from the Brazilian girl may be cut at the cost of 500 dollars.
The girl, who lives in the poor area of Rio DE janeiro, Brazil, has never had her hair cut in 12 years and is known to the media as the Brazilian live-in rapunzel. She is a meter and six feet tall and has a full 1.6 meters of hair. Normal people have about 10 percent of water in their hair.I don't know what her hair water percent is!
The long hair has had some bad effects on her life, and the local wigs merchant has offered 500 dollars to buy it! It's a lot of money for her too!
But if only because of 500 dollars she can't have this beautiful long hair, what a pity!
Thus to get a head of brazilian hair is very expensive. Dsoarhair.com collect all kinds of Brazilian hair bundles from Brazilian local donors and sell to American African women who love beauty. Brazilian hair is very soft and smooth in texture. Welcome to choose.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.431271
Retrieved Text: What chemicals are in hair gel, and what makes it "gel"?
If i had lovely hair, i'm sure i would be young and hip and style it like the cool kids! What is it about hair gel, that has an effect to make your hair "hold" and possibly look "wet"?
Re: What chemicals are in hair gel, and what makes it "gel"?
Hair Colour ?......Eye Colour ?...why ?
Page created in 0.112 seconds with 36 queries.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.420275
Retrieved Text: Does anyone know what Crystal Gayle uses in her hair?
CO washing colored hair -- does it help it not to fade?
stretch mark oil for hair?
Does anyone know how I would recreate this look?
Advice on cutting another person hair!
Easy, heatless, Bella Swan hair! Feat my new fav product.
Curly Hair, need product advise?
Using bun holder to assist with cutting hair?
Might washing hair every day be good?
Hard water or wrong condish??
What was your 2012 goal?
Is There Any Way to Overcome Terminal Length?
Hair Chalking- Has anyone seen/tried this?
70s hair -- Am I just being nostalgic?
Lots of shedding and tapper - usual in summer?
which is better infused or boiled herbal rinses?
any tips for brushing waves with baby hairs? help for defining waves day 2?
HOW do you know if your hair likes cones or not?
your favorite rinse to gently remove buildup?
Grocery list - what are some good foods I should put on the list for healthy hair?
What did you eat for your hair today?
What fairytales mentioning hair gives you inspiration and that you loved to read?
Homemade salt water spray damaging?
henna with hilites=too much damage?
No-tangle solutions for long-haired boy...Help us avoid a haircut!
Rough top layer of hair?
Damage still - ultra thin hair!
How do I know if my hair is in a good condition?
WARM updos for BSL hair?
How do you go about washing your hair less?
Matted hair after S&C - What to do?
Any tips for detangling hair easily?
Tentative Post: Odds Stacked Against me having Long Hair?
Someone talk me off the ledge... Or push me. Either one.
First ACV rinse: A succses!
Tell a LH You Love

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.38894
Retrieved Text: What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is just one of the many collections of images or photos on this website. There are approximately 55697 images that exist in our database associated with this post. This post of "what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora" was uploaded by frederick on 30-08-2018 and posted on the romishop.co website with category What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair and has been viewed some 516,015 times.
This is a image related to what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora, there are approximately 55697 background related to this what *r* the best hair products for natural curly hair photos gallery. Please see the details below and click on the title for more information..
What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is post about The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by jaime on 16 October 2018.
What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is post about What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by jonathan on 27 September 2018.
What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is pic about The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by clifford on 11 October 2018.
What *r* the best products for natural hair awesome 5 great curly is image about What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair was uploaded by jon

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.3618355
Retrieved Text: Ha ha...I kind of like it both ways! So cute.
That is some wild hair on a beautiful baby. Amazing what five seconds and a ponytail will do.
What a happy baby! That pony-tail sweep is a fast and easy fix to "fly away" hair. Pity I can't use it . . . on second thought, I don't need to.
Grand babies rock. Yes they do and she's a cutie pie.
Aww! What a sweetie pie! I love the color of her hair!
How horrible is it to admit that her hair looks a bit like mine this morning. I could use the ponytail. Big time. And a cup of coffee too.
LOL She's adorable either way!
So cute! I love the morning hair!
She looks like Cyndi Lauper in the before tee hee - you may have a rock star on your hands Rosey - !!!
What a cutie pie! I have to say that my hair has been known to look like hers in the mornings in that first photo. lol!
ha. the first one looks more like my hair...smiles.
Oh I love this photo and that HAIR! LOL hahahahahaha.
Yes, dear Rosey, get that mammogram. Even if they determine there is something there, you can attack it and get it conquered. If you don't, guess what fate you would have? ya. (hug) to you my friend!
I had this same before hairdo this morning, lol. Love it.
precious portraits, a very pretty girl!
She is adorable! I love her chubby cheeks. Enjoy your day!
What a great head of hair! She's adorable!
LOL... oh my gosh Rosey... how cute she

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.318265
Retrieved Text: What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora is just one of the many collections of images or photos on this website. There are approximately 55697 images that exist in our database associated with this post. This post of "what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora" was uploaded by maurice on 27-09-2018 and posted on the romishop.co website with category What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair and has been viewed some 79,580 times.
This pictures of "what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora" is from the above 602x602 resolutions which is part of the What *R* The Best Hair Products For Natural Curly Hair directory, Download this wallpapers for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. What *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
This is a image related to what *r* the best natural hair care products for curly hair quora, there are approximately 55697 post related to this what *r*

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.310758
Retrieved Text: Miriam is a expert professional with hair. She has been doing my color for 20 years and is honest with what color, styles, and trends will work with my hair type. No one touches my hair except Miriam ... I’m currently driving an hour just so she can continue to do my hair.
Marian is a true hair professional. She has been doing my hair...cut, color, Keratin and extensions...for over 10 years! I would not trust anyone else like I trust Mariam. Angela, Mariams assistant, is also fully licensed and has become very skilled with cuts and color. Even my husband enjoys going there for his haircuts...they make him feel so special! I love these girls!!!
Miriam is AMAZING with color! I've been going to her for two years now and will not allow anyone else to touch my hair!!!
Mariam is a talented colorist and stylist. She has always exceeded my expectations. Beyond that she is an amazingly caring person. My hair color was a mess when I met her. She fixed me. I will always be greatful.
Mariam is more than just a hair stylist. She is perfection!! She has done my hair for quite some time now and I have never been disappointed!! If you want someone who knows what she is doing, make an appointment with Mariam. You won't be disappointed. You will love her work and you will love her.
Mariam is an excellent colorist and overall hair stylist. She transformed my boring thin hair with extensions and color matched perfectly. Her pricing is fair if

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.297625
Retrieved Text: What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural is a part of Protective Hairstyles For Natural Hair pictures gallery. To see this What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural in High Resolutions, right click on the image and choose "Save Image As" and then you will get this image about What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural.
This digital photography of What Are Protective Hair Styles Curly Nikki Natural has dimension 1600 × 1200 pixels. You can see a gallery of Protective Hairstyles For Natural Hair below. Get segments interesting article about Protective Hairstyles For Natural Hair that may help you.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.2663765
Retrieved Text: I've been in the Salon Industry for over 13 years. At an early age I was confident that this was my passion after following my Aunt in her salon during the summers growing up. Challenging my abilities and talents to always bring fresh ideas to my clients. One of my favorite aspects of my profession is that it never gets old or feels like work. I consider my clients to be family and I enjoy the time I spend with each one of them in my chair.
Barbie has been doing my hair for 2 years now. She is the Queen of doing hair. Color , extentions, cuts tou name it she hs always mastered it! I will let nobody touch my hair but her! -Stephanie G.
Barbie is an awesome stylist with a big heart and a passion for getting you what you want for your hair. She says styling hair isnt just a job to her, she really enjoys it and you can definitely see it in the results. Sweet, real-talker, easy to converse with. I would highly recommend Barbie to anyone in the St. Augustine / Palatka area.
Barbie is the only person that I will trust with my color. My highlights are always stunning. Barbie is professional and knows exactly what I'm asking for when I describe what I need. She has never let me down and that speaks volumes!
Barbie is the only one I trust, she has done my hair for the past 6 years. She always does what is safe for my hair,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.258038
Retrieved Text: I have a confession: this past March, I got a hair smoothing treatment that seriously damaged my hair. I’ve been trying to stay away from chemical-laden keratin treatments so I tried an amino-acid based one. I thought, worst-case, it wouldn’t do much. And it didn’t, in the way of smoothing or humidity-blocking. But it did break my hair.
Can I just say, I’ve never.
My hair has always been dependably tough. I use a lot of heat, I color it regularly. I live through dry New York City winters and hard tap water. I’ve aged, but my hair has always been strong. So having a head of brittle, broken hair has been a little soul crushing.
Since spring, it’s been Operation Hair Rehab. The regime has consisted of washing my hair just twice a week and using a hair mask every time. I also lowered the temp on my hair wand and spaced out my color a little more.
How It Works: The unique formula binds the hair cuticle and cortex together, making the hair whole again, able to fend off further damage.
What You See Immediately: Smooth, silky hair that looks and feels healthy.
What You See Over Time: Healed hair with strength and renewed life, able to take environmental and chemical beatings, if you must.
Key Ingredients: Japanese Lotus flower:noted for its ability to bloom in even the most hostile environments. It has been used for centuries for its moisturizing and softening properties. Ceramides: lipids naturally present in the hair, providing the hair with impermeability, protection and resistance.
This remarkable treatment actually

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.254147
Retrieved Text: Click Image To Visit SiteThe Most Important Hair Loss Discovery.. What if you could stop and prevent MALE and FEMALE hair loss, strengthen, revitalize and restore thinning hair, without involving cost, treatments, products or drugs? Leading International hair health specialist, Jonathon E Phillips shows how and why this breakthrough information has never been previously available – revealing how you can stop hair loss naturally and retain healthier, fuller thicker hair. STOP!!
Do not spend one more dollar on your hair concerns until you learn this breakthrough knowledge. Now for the first time you can discover the answers and take control.
Consumer Alert !!! This totally unique breakthrough information has never before been previously available and has been Internationally hailed by medical practitioners both orthodox and alternative. There is no need to spend one more dollar on what could be unnecessary and psychologically damaging products and treatments..
Click here for more information about "Hair Loss No More, Natural Female and Male Hair Loss Treatment"

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.221774
Retrieved Text: Home Hair	Does the naturtint hair color has orange hair color in their kitty?
Does the naturtint hair color has orange hair color in their kitty?
I want to get some orange peekaboo highlights on my colored blonde hair but I want to try the naturtint hair color but I am not too sure if they have the orange haircolor. Does the naturtint hair color has orange hair color in their kitty? Should I look out for some other brands? Which ones will you recommend?
where to get Hair Cuttery Coupons?
what does Beauty Bar Chicago do?
← How does tetrasodium edta work in the cleansers?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.212224
Retrieved Text: The hair care market has many shampoos and conditioners that treat your hair, but the only thing these products do is treat the hair that is already there. No hair product can get to the root of the problem, which is the hair that has yet to grow. The fix for poor hair quality has to come from within, and if your body isn’t processing nutrients correctly, you won’t get good hair growth.
Good hair starts with having an abundance of building blocks in your body. That is, you need enough vitamins and basic hair components flowing in your body for the creation of a good hair follicle. The best hair growth vitamins on the market are going to have what your body needs in the event you are not getting enough from your diet. Sometimes, your diet isn’t ever going to be able to supply what you need for hair growth.
What you eat plays a direct role in how your hair grows. If you have a poor diet, you are going to be lacking in vital nutrients and have poor hair growth. Some people can have the best possible diet with all of the right nutrition and still have poor hair quality. The reason is known as malabsorption in the intestines. In other words, this means the intestines are not pulling all of the required nutrients, supplements and minerals into the bloodstream. The direct result is that the essential operating systems of the body get all of the nutrients while the less essential (hair, skin, nails)

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.193919
Retrieved Text: No More Dry Hair and Dandruff Problems with These Natural Hair Treatments – To better the appearance and look, we need to give careful attention to the hair. That’s why we do kind of hair treatments such as shampooing either at home or a beauty salon with the aim to keep the hair healthy and well maintained. Not only women but also men always want to look well groomed with healthy, clean, and tidy hair.
The hair that has never been washed of course will damage the appearance and look unsightly. Therefore, we will most of the times take care of the hair by using hair care products or going to a salon even though it will drain the wallet.
Outdoor activities that we perform on a daily basis can unwittingly damage the hair. Hair problems that of dry hair and dandruff are very disturbing that force us to get effective solution. Without proper treatment, the hair could be more damaged and neglected. Instead of finding the cure, we have to prevent those miserable things happen. So, what is the best hair treatments to ditch dry hair and dandruff? Before answering that question, let’s first recognize what can cause hair problems such as dry hair and dandruff.
What is Dry Hair and Dandruff?
Damaged hair usually starts from the wrong combination of treatments that cause the hair cuticle to wither. Such wrong treatments can damage the hair cortex. The most noticeable sign of dry hair is branched hair of which the ends of the hair are split. Another sign, the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.19254
Retrieved Text: Finding hairstyle products that work for your own hair can be trial and error, just because everyone has different hair texture. That being said, I love to read what other ladies use on their hair and what products work best for them. Here is my list of what I’m currently using on my hair and why I love these products!
Flexi Clips – This is what I use in my hair the most. You can get seven different sizes of clips so they work in baby fine hair or mega thick hair. It’s definitely worth the investment for easy hairstyles in the morning that look like you put a lot of effort into it!
Redken Forceful 23 Hairspray – My hairstylist suggested this product and it’s worked really well for when I need hairspray. I like that it’s not sticky, and that it really does hold!
Living Proof Dry Shampoo – If you have never tried dry shampoo, you don’t know what you are missing! This is perfect for those crazy mom days where you are going on day 3 or 4 of not washing your hair! It doesn’t leave a residue or feel sticky, but takes away that greasy, dirty feel. Did you know that hairstyles are easier to do when it’s not on freshly washed hair? Just make sure and apply some dry shampoo first, so your hair looks clean!
Head and Shoulders Shampoo – After trying different shampoos for years, I finally started using this a year or two ago and I’ve never looked back. I always

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.183986
Retrieved Text: I have been doing hair and makeup for over 10 yrs in the Goodyear area and couldn't love my job more! I love making my clients happy and feeling beautiful! I always try my best to listen to my clients and there needs and make it happen. A good consultation is key. Not only do I love working with their hair but I love meeting all these wonderful people!
Love my new color! Danielle is simply amazing! The hair color she chose for me is stunning and perfect. She took the time to really listen to what I wanted and I could not be happier with the results. She is truly talented beyond measure. Not to mention…#Nofilter Salon is absolutely gorgeous, modern, and so welcoming. I felt completely pampered and can’t wait for my next appointment!
Danielle has been styling my hair for 7 years. She always does a great job & listens to what you want whether it's a change or "the usual". With gentle coaxing over the years, I've gone from no highlights, very long hair with no bangs or layers to shoulder length layered hair w/bangs & ombre. I get more compliments & appear to look younger. Danielle is fun, upbeat & genuine. I always enjoy my visit with her.
Danielle Biancamano is my hairdresser and has been styling my hair now for 3 years (I actually don't really know how long it's been). She is an excellent hairdresser, very professional, trustworthy and reliable. She always gives you the end result of what you want. Danielle

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.163185
Retrieved Text: Bizymoms.com, the premier work-at-home community on the Internet with more than 5 million visitors per year, has interviewed Dr. Robert M. Bernstein in order to answer readers’ common questions about hair restoration and hair loss.
Q: Who would be a good candidate for hair transplant surgery?
Q: How does hair transplantation work?
Q: What can be done for people dissatisfied with previous mini/micrograft procedures?
Q: What are the possible harmful effects of Propecia and Rogaine?
Q: How many grafts/hairs are needed for hair transplant surgery?
Q: What are the advanced hair transplant techniques?
Q: What are the new hair restoration treatments available for men and women?
Low-Level Laser Therapy (LLLT) utilizes cool lasers to stimulate hair growth and reduce shedding of hair. […] Latisse (Bimatoprost) is an FDA approved topical medication for eyelash growth.
Go to Bizymoms.com to read the full interview.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.152573
Retrieved Text: In the class are 60% boys and 40% girls. Long hair has 10% boys and 80% girls.
a) What is the probability that a randomly chosen person has long hair?
b) The selected person has long hair. What is the probability that it is a girl?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.144403
Retrieved Text: Selecting the hair restoration practice to perform your hair transplant procedure is a big decision. Here are some tips for helping understand this field of medicine and how to make the best decision for you regarding all of the different hair transplant costs.
Determining the cost of a hair transplant procedure starts with knowing the amount of hair loss you have already. Next, your donor hair has to be assessed. The amount of quality donor hair that can be safely harvested helps establish the surgery session size and the actual price range. Most hair restoration practices charge an average price per graft for the harvested donor hair. That average price per graft is impacted by the type of procedure you choose to have whether it is FUT Strip, FUE Manual or Robotic FUE. All these factors are combined to determine the actual hair restoration cost. While cost may be a driving factor in your decision making, one of our patients summed this up well: whatever hair replacement cost you pay for a bad, or even mediocre hair transplant, is way too costly.
If you’re wondering how much does a hair transplant cost, you should consider these questions first.
What training and credentials does the surgeon have? Is the surgeon Board Certified of ISHRS certified?
What technology is used and how long has the surgeon been using the various types? Is the surgeon an innovator or an imitator?
What procedures does this surgeon perform? Can the surgeon do all procedures and not be limited by skills or staffing?
Does the surgeon specialize in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.142754
Retrieved Text: makes my hair super soft and isn’t all tangled when i get out of the shower. lovely!
Best shampoo and conditioner I've enter used!!!
Best shampoo I’ve ever used. Definitely worth the price and I love that it’s specifically made just for me.
I love what this has done for my troublesome hair. My stylist keeps commenting on how soft and tamed my hair has become compared to what it normally is like.
BEST shampoo and conditioner I have ever used. Best part, it's custom to my hair style.
Love the smell, the stickers, the color and it makes my hair feel so soft and clean ?
I LOVE this stuff. I have oily hair and I cant use regular shampoo without my hair getting greasy and now my hair is SO soft and nourished. Will be purchasing again!
I started using Function of Beauty 6 months ago as I always struggled with healthy hair and growth. It is AMAZING. I will never use a different shampoo and conditioner, my hair has never been happier and I love that their is n antibrassiness option for my plaitnum hair. Also, I made some goofs on my order and they contacted me and offered to reshape it at no extra cost! AMAZING SERVICE!!!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.138658
Retrieved Text: Home » Posts tagged with "asian"
Which type of hair I can sell?
Every type of hair has a great chance of selling on sellbuyhaironline.com. We recommend selling virgin, colored, highlighted, short, long, straight, curly, male or female, or any color under the rainbow. It does not matter what your hair type is, there is a good chance a user out there is looking for exactly what you are offering. Of course the longer your hair is and the least amount of chemical treatments you have had on your hair will help increase the value.
Our site has helped our users raise over $100,000 dollars in hair sales since 2010 and that total grows each day. We are the number one online hair sales site in the world with over 4000 registered users so let us help you sell your hair today!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.138633
Retrieved Text: Marieme D Hair, offers a top class hair salon service.
Mariéme D Hair is a modern hair salon in Essex that caters for all types of hair. The Salon is run by Mariéme Diallo and her team of highly trained and experienced staff. The Salon is uniquely attached to the Body Factory Gym which is a ladies only gym. It's probably the only place in Essex where you can truly refresh and invigorate your body and hair without having to leave the building!
Mariéme D Hair is conveniently located close to Becontree tube station and offers a warm welcome to customers making the journey locally from areas such as Ilford, Chadwell Heath, Romford and Hornchurch, as well as those coming from further afield such as Stratford, South Woodford, Greenwich and London. We work hard to ensure that our clients experience isn't a good on - it's a great one!
​You and your hair will be taken care of from your very first appointment. You will relax in the recently refurbished environment and soon be forgetting you went anywhere else to revitalise your hair. Tea, coffee and water (with complimentary biscuits!) are always available to enhance your experience and staff is only too happy to cater to your needs if what you ask for isn't on offer - all within reason of course!
Mariéme Diallo, Manager and Head Stylist is at the forefront of ensuring that this hair salon stands out from the crowd and offers a first-class hair experience for all clients. She has over 20 years’ experience working on

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.128895
Retrieved Text: Vinci Hair Clinic has centres of excellence right across the world practicing the very best Hair Transplant and Micro Scalp Pigmentation techniques. If you are thinking about having a hair restoration treatment, then consider Vinci as the best place to restore your hair by having a Hair Transplant, or indeed by using our MSP Micro Scalp Pigmentation technique.
The best hair transplant techniques, along with the most experienced practitioners of the Micro Scalp Pigmentation technique means that you are in the best possible hands when it comes to your hair restoration treatment.
Excellence in hair restoration is key to what Vinci Hair Clinic are about. We believe in providing the highest quality treatments, with a convenient, caring, and comprehensive approach using state of the art hair restoration techniques.
Read more about what types of hair loss exist, what treatments are available to treat many of the different types of hair loss and, see what kind of fantastic results some people achieve by having a Hair Transplant or Micro Scalp Pigmentation treatment with Vinci Hair Clinic.
Many patients have questions about the treatments that Vinci offers its clients. Featured here are some of the most frequently asked questions about our surgical, medical and pigmentation treatments.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.127443
Retrieved Text: This set is recommended for: Adding full length and volume to all hair types. If your after a completely natural looking result, this set it for you!
With Dollie clip in hair extensions you can enjoy the freedom of clipping-in and clipping-out whenever you wish.
Our clip in hair extensions provide immediate transformation and can be easily applied in minutes without the help of a hair stylist. Dollie clip in hair extensions come in multiple pieces of varying widths so you can choose to add length, colour and volume to give you that glamorous look you deserve.
Our clip in hair extensions are made of 100% natural remy human hair so you can wash, straighten, blow-dry and curl the hair extensions just as if they were your natural hair!
We bet you must have a ton of questions about Dollie Hair Extensions (especially if you're a first time hair extensions wearer)!
Below are questions we frequently receive about our hair extensions, including micro loop hair extensions, remy hair extensions, clip in human hair extensions (real hair extensions), weft hair extensions, the difference between affordable and cheap hair extensions, proper care and use of hair extensions, application of hair extensions, and how to buy hair extensions online.
We try to make it as easy as possible for you to buy extensions online by having this support page, so that we can answer your questions and concerns by providing as much information as we can. We also offer quick-response email support to enhance your online experience.
Hair extensions are strands of human or synthetic hair

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.112948
Retrieved Text: My name is Ashley Barrientez and I'm the owner and creator of Top Knot Chicago. I started Top Knot Chicago in July of 2016 with a desire to create opportunities for myself, contribute to my family while being home with my sons and still express my passion and creativity.
My love for elastic hair ties, over traditional hair ties, is what ultimately led me to start this business. These hair ties are gentle on your hair and can be an accessory on your wrist more than traditional hair ties. I hand make every hair tie and design the cards that accompany them. I love that this business has been able to bring out many of the skills I’ve worked very hard on and I appreciate the joy I have while making them. I'm looking forward to expanding to more hair accessories that utilize more of my artistic passion.
This journey of beginning Top Knot Chicago has completely surpassed what I hoped for when I started this venture and I can't wait to see what the future has in store for Top Knot Chicago and myself.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.110774
Retrieved Text: This tutorial will show you how to draw male and female anime hair. Anime hair is what makes anime heroes unique and beautiful – as with real humans, it’s the crowning beauty. Let's begin!
How can you make your male anime hair look more realistic?
Right! This is the perfect way to make your anime hair look more like real hair! In addition to adding detailed lines within the hair itself, you can even add bangs or flyaway hairs! Read on for another quiz question.
Use marker to outline the hair.
Not exactly! No matter what your anime hair looks like, you should plan on outlining it with a darker pen or marker. Then you can go back and erase any unnecessary pencil lines if you want. Choose another answer!
Nope! Male anime hair is usually big and spiky, but even if you choose a shorter hairstyle, it won't necessarily make it look more realistic. There are other details you can add if you're going for realism! Guess again!
Use different types of pen to outline your drawing.
What is the biggest difference between male anime hair and female anime hair?
There are more options with male hair.
Female hair has more color options.
Not quite! While male anime hair usually is short and spiky, your female anime hair can be short and spiky, too! Anime follows some traditional patterns, but your drawings don't have to stick to any of them. Guess again!
Absolutely! Female anime hair is traditionally longer than male hair. If you're worried about your reader being able to differentiate between male and female

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.11009
Retrieved Text: Hair Transplant Surgery is a surgical technique that removes hair follicles from one part of the body, called the ‘donor site’, to a bald or balding part of the body known as the ‘recipient site’. This procedure is primarily used to treat baldness. It can also be used to restore eyelashes, eyebrows, beard hair, chest hair, and pubic hair and to fill in scars caused by accidents or surgery such as face-lifts and previous hair Transplants. Mexico City, Mexico is a world-renowned and respected destination in Latin America for everything related to hair Transplant surgery.
While searching for Hair Transplant Surgery Clinics in Mexico City, Mexico, you will find a lot of suitable choices. However, in order to find the best option, you’ll need to consider a few factors. First, the surgeon of choice has to be properly qualified and certified to perform the surgery. Also, the facility has to be licensed and accredited with the right equipment to carry out this procedure. It is also important to ask about the experience of previous patients who have already gone through the treatment. It is best to do research on your hair transplant clinic to see exactly what treatments they offer, and what options could work for you.
What Are the Advantages of Hair Transplant in Mexico City, Mexico?
What is the Cost of Hair Transplant in Mexico City, Mexico?
The average cost of Hair Transplant in Mexico City, Mexico is around $1,700. Final prices are determined after physical evaluation and laboratory reports analysis.
Mexico City International Airport connects Mexico City via

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.105406
Retrieved Text: Hair has always been and will always be an important visual aspect of men and women. Beautiful, shiny and health hair “enhance” the image of anyone regardless of age, so learn to care for it beginning with knowing what to eat to keep each strand of hair beautiful.
The most effective home treatment for hair care is a healthy diet. You are what you eat, and what you put into your body will be reflected on the outside.
Below you will find an “arsenal” of food products that will improve the beauty of any hair. Check out these options and celebrate the results!
Brown Rice: Has biotin – a vitamin that helps regulate the life cycle phases of the hair cord. The absence of this vitamin is related to hair loss.
Oats: Have silicon – a mineral that helps in the production of collagen, important for shiny hair.
Olive Oil: Fatty acids are essential during the keratinization process of the cells that form the hair shaft. Without them, the cord becomes thinner and more fragile.
Potato: Thanks to its presence, potassium controls the water balance in the hair shaft, thus improving hydration and flexibility, facilitating easy hairstyles.
Red Meat: Provides zinc useful in the synthesis of proteins, the main component of hair strands.
Kale: It contains vitamin E which protects the natural oiliness of the scalp, improving circulation.
Egg Yolk: Has pro-vitamin B5, which reduces hair fall-out and accelerates growth.
Chickp eas: A good source of the mineral magnesium that renews cells, so it is particularly important in help hair growth.
Skin Milk or Yogurt: Calcium stimulates

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.1026535
Retrieved Text: Has Kim Kardashian had a hair transplant?
I recognize – it seems insane. However a chatter publication has actually just recently made the claim that Kim Kardashian has actually had a hair transplantation. I suggest, we’re made use of to seeing male star hair transplantation, but what regarding females? Hair loss impacts them also. And to be reasonable, the fact TELEVISION star has been with a great deal– various hairdo, two kids, the anxiety of being married to Kanye West … So, has Kim Kardashian had a hair transplantation?
Kim has actually come a long way because her very early days– from Paris Hilton’s partner to arguably one of the most well-known lady in the world.
As well as her appearance has altered substantially throughout this time as well.
Do not stress if your fringe resembles this– it can be perfectly normal as well as does not suggest you’re losing your hair.
Yet just a few years later, the baby hairs were nowhere to be seen.
Yet I don’t assume this is the hair transplant individuals over at Life & Style magazine are alluding to however.
If anything, her hairline is higher than it was previously.
So what did she have done?
In this instance, it looks like she’s had laser hair removal at the fringe to remove the infant hairs and create a tidier hair line. This is a pretty standard as well as basic beauty treatment. No hair transplant here– yet.
Recent photos – Kim Kardashian hair loss?
Some photos do appear to show Kim with thinner hair compared to her Keeping Up With the

================



======= Instance Index 730 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What are humans?" and the following answer choices: 
- people
 - bacteria
 - fungi
 - eukyarotes
 - monocellular
 - Leptospirosis
 - athletes
 - fertile

Now knowing that all animals are heterotrophs and humans are heterotrophic eukaryotes, choose the best answer.

Target Text: eukyarotes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.78905
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between human DNA and other animal DNA?
What exact differences are there between human DNA and animal DNA?
Do animals Have the same DNA as humans?
No. But the chimpanzee's DNA is similar to ours by 98% People believe that we humans developed from the ' chimpanzee because of how similar our DNA samples. It is thought that the chimpanzee is as intelligent as a human but in different ways.
What characteristics do humans share with animals?
Animals and humans are both in the animal kingdom. Characteristicsthat animals and humans share are emotions, thoughts, and physicalsimilarities. For example, a humans and animals are social beingswho form bonds with family, friends, and neighbors.
Which animal is closest to human DNA?
Although it is commonly known that chimpanzees are 99% human, the most updated studies show that they still have the closest DNA to humans of all the other animals, but are rather closer to 95% human.
What animals will share the most genes?
The animals that will share the most genes are those that are themost closely related. Supporting theories that human evolved fromprimates, humans share a lot of genetic similarities with apes andmonkeys.
Genetic difference between human DNA and Animal DNA?
Can you combing human DNA with other animal DNA?
Do you extract human DNA the same as animal DNA?
Yes. The DNA is found in the nucleus of every cell. It's simply acase of extracting the DNA from the cell.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.692392
Retrieved Text: 2.1 What is the production and use of boron?
2.2 What are the sources of boron releases to the environment?
2.3 How does boron react in the environment?
3.1 What levels of boron are there in the environment?
3.2 What levels of boron are humans exposed to?
4.1 How does boron act in humans and mammals?
4.2 What are the effects of boron on laboratory animals?
4.3 What are the effects of boron on humans?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.638815
Retrieved Text: #96 I have read this FAQ and I am not convinced. Humans are humans, animals are animals; is it so difficult to see that?
What is wrong with cannibalism?
What is wrong with slavery?
What is wrong with racial prejudice?
What is wrong with sexual discrimination?
What is wrong with killing children or the mentally ill?
What is wrong with the Nazi experiments on humans?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.578538
Retrieved Text: Skills of the Future: How you can outsmart Robots in the workplace of the future?
Isaac Asimov, in his short story ‘Runaround’ which he wrote back in the year 1942 introduced 3 laws of Robot.
But what if robots start disobeying those orders?
What if in the near future robots are able to replace all the humans in the workplace? Do we have a backup plan?
Automation is replacing humans in the workplace.
Despite an alarming degree of jobs that will be destroyed in the near future, there is a ray of hope that many more jobs will be concurrently created in the process.
How can humans increase their value by acquiring some skills?
In this age of machine learning, humans are required to future-proof their careers and build competencies which can give an edge to humans over machines. Here are six skills which can help humans to effectively tackle the challenges of the machine world without any conflict.
In a question on Quora, what will a human always do better than an AI? Blake Senftner, who works for a facial recognition company that employs AI, gave an answer which made sense to me.
AI will solve a problem based upon its previous assumptions. Whatever it has learnt in the past, it will apply on the task at hand. But when it comes to new unknown variables, AI will find it behind humans.
What makes humans different? Humans are better when it comes to self-awareness. While humans can easily solve problems even when they are half-asleep AI can take an unlimited amount of time to analyze

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.398479
Retrieved Text: The Ever-Dying are humans, so-called because – from the viewpoint of magical beings – we’re dying from the moment we’re born.
The Ever-Dying (humans) are called that because they grow ill, heal poorly, and age rapidly. From a magical, long-lived point of view, humans are constantly dying from the moment they’re born. As a planet-wide species, we tend to average about seventy years.
The Ever-Dying (humans) have one major drive: to explore. It’s the reason the Mythos assigned us a little boat as our symbol in the wheel of the Mythos; it seems no matter what era, no matter what culture or DNA grouping, humans are driven to explore, discover, push further and deeper into the world. We’re never satisfied with where we are; we always believe there’s more, and (most importantly) that we have the right to conquer it.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.3884115
Retrieved Text: What is the first thought that comes to your mind if someone were to ask this question? thanks!
uh, really? I always hear people say that humans destroy the world and the environment more. Our "contributions" are limited to trying to fix our mistakes (ie-curing cancer, stopping global warming) and creating more things for us to buy.
But do humans often ignore their conscience and thereby are capable of extreme evil, whereas animals rely solely on their instincts of survival and have not an "evil" bone in their body. Logic is what makes human beings capable of extreme evil.
Best Answer: it is only humans that think we are more important than other animals, because we are much more intelligent than other animals, i bet animals think that we are stupid and think that they are more important than us, so humans are not more important than other animals it is just what we think.
Humans think they are better than animals because they are at the top of the food chain and we are much smarter when half the time animals seem like they don't know what they are doing but they are actually doing something triggered on instinct because an animals instinct is it's most vital ability.
We think that animals are less important because they are less intelligent, does this give people the right to mass murder?
We find reasons to justify blowing each other up, killing the wildlife, the animals, destroying the planet and then we say "but i m better than the animals because i am blessed

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.368585
Retrieved Text: My, this is turning into quite the lively exchange. I have another obligation right now (a Lisp meetup -- say, why aren't you here ;-) but I wanted to get this in before I fell too far behind.
Sometimes the hardest things to explain are the ones that seem obvious to the person doing the explaining. I have found that at root these kinds of disconnects are usually caused by a disconnect in some foundational assumption. Unearthing that assumption is never easy, but it is always enlightening, and so these efforts are worthwhile. But it is important as a first step to achieve clarity on exactly what the underlying disagreement actually is.
I think you go too far to claim that it has been established that higher tax rates cause higher growth, and lower tax rates cause lower growth.
I don't claim this, or at least I didn't intend to (and if I did claim it I retract it now). What I am doing is pointing out that if you look at the historical data in the U.S. over the last 100 years, higher taxes are strongly correlated with lower unemployment and vice versa. The only conclusion I draw from this is that the claim that raising taxes kills jobs is (almost certainly) false.
Second, I am not a bleeding-heart liberal. I am a born-again capitalist. I understand how the free market is supposed to work. I understand the concept of a clearing price. I understand that grain usually does not rot in silos. Labor is nonetheless different from other

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.335465
Retrieved Text: We are only human, bound to make mistakes. But what if some of us are above that? What if there are ‘new humans’ living alongside us, the ordinary folk?
New humans could represent genetically modified babies, programmed to make fewer mistakes and excel in intellect far beyond what we are accustomed to. Some say they are products of alien abductions that served as experiments and returned to earth.
Who is the new human?
Best-selling author Alexis Brooks interviewed Mary Rodwell, certified regression therapist and ET contact researcher, to learn how new humans operate.
Rodwell says she has firsthand experience with these controversial humans. Children between 4-8 years old, the world over, are claiming to be children of extraterrestrials. They share bits and pieces of information about plans for the earth. A child as young as four admitted his earth parents brought him into this world, but his real parents were from space and had plans for the earth during his lifetime.
According to Rodwell, there are more influences of extraterrestrial influence than you may think. Some believe that ADHD and Asperger’s syndrome may actually be a hidden gift rather than an illness – this can even be surmised about autism as well. And it’s not just a few of us either.
Blood tests show that something is different about many of us, not just firsthand accounts of learning how to walk through walls, but hard evidence of DNA anomalies. Scientists have found that 97% of non-coding sequences in human DNA is no less than the DNA of extraterrestrials. Could it be possible

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.3089695
Retrieved Text: Should We Make Robots That Die Like Humans?
Can You Take The Color out of a Watermelon? Incredible Colorless Food Experiment!
This Animal Can Live Forever!
THE INCREDIBLE VIRTUAL REALITY LAB!!
What is the Most Powerful Animal?
Humans vs Robots - Are YOU Becoming Obsolete?
When robots become artists, what will humans have left?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.279381
Retrieved Text: Since we been discussing basically about human nature from the beginning of the quarter, I’m thinking to do my research on what and how we humans are. I’m not sure if this is ok with you, but that’s why we doing the proposal paper. I choose this because we have been having similar conversations in class and also sometimes I like to think deep about us humans. How different mindsets we have, the different choices we make and so on. Here something’s I knew and something’s I found from other sources.
“Human nature is a socially developed environment based on a person’s intrinsic nature at birth and nurture” (Bearer & Lerner). All human beings have intrinsic similarities that are universal or common to all human beings in terms of their anatomy and mental processes as well as their characters. There are features or characteristics that are common to all human beings irrespective of their culture, religion, race, or gender. These similarities form a rich foundation in explaining human nature and some of them are discussed below.
Humans are linguists in nature in that they use languages to communicate their ideas to others. Several techniques are used when communicating and these include use of sign language, metaphors, and figures of speech, among others. Across the world, humans interpret smiles as a sign of joy or happiness and they have the capacity to differentiate between a fake and a genuine smile. Humans have a sexual nature in that they are able to identify people they are sexually attracted to and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.246045
Retrieved Text: We are Humans first. Our faiths, cultures, backgrounds, and skin are the rivers, the flora and fauna, the hills, the dwells and huts – that what makes us individual but still the same. They are never borders or walls, never that! They add facets and colours – never borders. Being Human is what we have in common.
#IAmHuman – tell us your story by text, photo or video. And while you are at it please nominate people and/or great blogs you follow to do the same!
We normally write in German and are a Think & Action Lab on sustainable lifestyle choices, particularly by challenging ourselves every month with a new sustainability challenge. This campaign is different and thus we have chosen to do it in English, as an universal language. Everyone is free to do it in the way and language he, she, it chooses to.
Let’s start with our member Santa’s story.
I am a Human that goes by the name of Santa Meyer-Nandi. I was born in this World in the year 1984 and have lived and seen several places, done religious and non-religious festivities with many other Humans from this World.
My parents come from this big country where Gandhi is from. In fact, my great Grandfather fought non-violently with Gandhi. I was born in the country where Merkel is Kanzler – but live in the city with the Eiffeltower where now a small group of misguided sad Humans took the lives of other Humans, just like this. Things like this are happening in many other places

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.240522
Retrieved Text: Each of the sections below present the essential questions that students will tackle during each of the four main units. Where/when possible, they are grouped by topic.
4. What new substances are made when materials burn in air or oxygen?
5. What is produced when fuels burn?
6. What is needed for things to burn?
5. How might the standard particle model explain the observable (and documented) phenomena that we see within a stream ecosystem?
4. Is there a limit to the amount of solid that will dissolve in a liquid?
5. What else affects solubility?
1. How many different materials are there inside of insects?
2. How many different materials are there outside of insects?
1. How is energy from insects involved in doing useful things?
2. How can we reduce overall energy waste by using insects?
1. What are humans made of? What are humans made from?
2. How can using a microscope give us information about the internal structure of humans?
3. What are human cells like?
4. What do human cells do?
5. How are new human cells made?
1. How does the new life of a human begin?
2. When can human fertilization take place?
3. How is the human embryo supported by the parent as it develops?
4. What do human embryos need to survive?
5. How do humans change as they grow?
6. How is human reproduction similar to and different from reproduction in other living organisms, such as other animals and plants?
1. How do individual insects differ from each other?
2. What are the causes of this variation between individual insects?
3. How can we describe insects?
4. How can we sort

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.226853
Retrieved Text: It’s a point I’m getting very tired of making. Humans decide what inputs are given, human decide what actions are performed on those inputs, humans decide what to do based on the outputs. Algorithms are human acts through and through.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.151115
Retrieved Text: As wild dogs are large predators, they can be potentially dangerous to humans. Fraser Island is a special center of attention regarding such, since interaction between dingoes and humans there is very high due to tourism, therefore the majority of reported incidents originate there.
The likelihood of wild dogs being a danger to humans depends to a large degree on how humans behave toward them. The more frequently these dogs are fed or scavenge human leftovers, the more likely it is that they lose all caution and sometimes react aggressively towards humans when they no longer receive or find food.
Even when habituation to humans seems to be the cause for attacks, it is not clear what the ultimate cause for attacks and overall threat towards humans is. It is possible that some attacks result from the "play" of young cubs, especially with children. Attacks can also be caused by false reactions of humans to aggressive and dominance behaviour of dingoes. It is assumed that dingoes might have started to regard "human" food sources (garbage cans, leftovers, handouts, and so forth) as part of their territory and that attacks on humans can therefore occur because the dingoes see humans as competition and want to protect their food sources. That some dingoes might regard humans as prey was also deemed possible because humans, especially children, could be theoretically overpowered.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.139376
Retrieved Text: Humans have tried to separate themselves from nature and to gain an understanding of what it means to be human, through studies of nature. Ideas of human nature have political and ideological implications, and are thus important in providing information about what it means to be human and what the relation to animals and the environment "ought" to be like. The ideology of human nature makes the world hence meaningful and points out what kind of actions regarding environmental issues are appropriate. The understanding of human nature and the human relationship with nature is culturally and historically produced. Humans' cultural conception thus also influences what kind of relationships are seen as desirable with particular animals. Different animals are seen as having different relations to humans, relations in which all animals are not seen as being equal. Some animals are defined edible, others are defined as companions.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.129406
Retrieved Text: Why do different humans look different?
What if $rB=C$ in Hamilton's rule?
I know death and cancer doesn't hurt humans' reproductive success. It's not helping either. Why do we die? Why dying humans (all of us) are common? What's the point of dying?
What is meant in biology by the term “evolved”?
A student asked me this the other day and I thought that I would ask it again here. If one organism is said to be "more evolved" than another, what exactly does this mean?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.1173115
Retrieved Text: The interesting language point is that today we have computer languages, which, for the most part, are intended for computers only. They’re not intended for humans to read and understand. They’re intended to tell computers in detail what to do. Then we have natural language, which is intended for human-to-human communication.
I’ve been trying to build this knowledge-based language, where it’s intended for communication between humans and machines in a way where humans can read it and machines can understand it too, where we’re incorporating a lot of the existing knowledge of the world into the language in the same way that in human natural language we are constantly incorporating knowledge of the world into the language, because it helps us in communicating things. One branch that I’m interested in right now is what the world looks like when most people can read and write code.
What’s the future of the humans in a world where, once we can describe what we want to do, things can get done automatically? What do the humans do? One of my little hobby projects is trying to understand the evolution of human purposes over time. Today, we’ve got all kinds of purposes. We sit and have a big discussion about purposes, which presumably has some purpose. We do all the different things that we do in the world.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.100489
Retrieved Text: Are the linguistic objects a language? What are its phonemes?
What are the utterances of the alleged language called math?
"at1with0" wrote: What are the utterances of the alleged language called math?
You could assign an utterance to every math symbol. The combination of various symbols convey meaning in the language that is math.
"khanster" wrote: [quote="at1with0"]What are the utterances of the alleged language called math?
I would say that the objects referenced by what you're calling the language is what math is. I make the distinction between human-invented math and the objects of study of math.
"at1with0" wrote: [quote="khanster"][quote="at1with0"]What are the utterances of the alleged language called math?
Humans invent the symbols, yes.
...But the true math itself, is it discovered or invented? I suspect that math is actually discovered, not invented.
It can be broken down to whether or not statements made in the language of human-invented mathology exist independently of humans.
The meanings of such statements exist, in my opinion, independently of humans.
Ergo, the objects of study of human mathology exist independently of humans.
If the universe is a giant brain, how can we establish communication with that brain?
How can a tiny component of a brain communicate with the brain?
Maybe it already is but it's not aware of it.
"at1with0" wrote: Maybe it already is but it's not aware of it.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.036588
Retrieved Text: The map reveals how extensively past interbreeding has affected people alive today.
A new map allows us to trace our ancient human ancestry, revealing how extensively past interbreeding has affected people alive today.
The genetic analysis behind the map's creation strengthens earlier findings that modern humans migrating out of Africa and interbred with the populations they encountered in Europe and Asia. These populations consisted of at least two types of ancient humans: Neanderthals and Denisovans.
Neanderthals have received a lot of attention over the years, and studies have concluded that all people of European and Asian heritage are related to Neanderthals. Denisovans were identified more recently, yet these mysterious, now-extinct humans that once ranged from Siberia to Southeast Asia turn out to have really made their mark in modern genomes. People of South Asian ancestry today may actually be more Denisovan than they are Neanderthal.
The new research, published in the journal Current Biology, also determined that modern human interbreeding with Denisovans happened about 100 generations after the trysts with Neanderthals.
"There are certain classes of genes that modern humans inherited from the archaic humans with whom they interbred, which may have helped the modern humans to adapt to the new environments in which they arrived," senior author David Reich, a geneticist at Harvard Medical School and the Broad Institute, said in a press release.
"On the flip side," he added, "there was negative selection to systematically remove ancestry that may have been problematic from modern humans. We can document this removal over the 40,000 years since these admixtures occurred."
Studying what ancestry

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.036157
Retrieved Text: The program entitled The Life of Mammals is a documentary series which tackles different life forms here on earth. In its last two episodes, “The Social Climbers” and “Food For Thought”, Sir David Attenborough focuses on a group of animals which is commonly known to be close to us humans- the monkeys.
Humans eat, communicate, mate and fight for their own survival. And so do lions, crocodiles and all other types of animals. But how come these animals were never thought of as ancestors of the human race? Why monkeys? It may have been a misconception that humans came from apes. But following Charles Darwin’s Evolution Theory, we share a common ancestor with our hairy friends.
From the documentary, our most evident similarity with monkeys is the size of our brain and how we use it in everyday living. What makes monkeys more similar to us is their ability to find ways to be able to utilize and maximize the resources that can be found in their environment. They have inquisitiveness like that of humans that can be seen in the simplest activities like trying to find out how to crack nuts, and even being able to differentiate between plants which look almost alike.
There exist monkeys with the ability to reach into far places, those with excellent vision, nocturnal ones and even tiny ones which can easily climb up on thin branches. And just like how humans specialize in one job, monkeys also try to work with their special abilities which give them advantage and allow them to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.034678
Retrieved Text: It's important to be careful what goes in your body during pregnancy and FDA drug classifications can help. These classifications can help you understand what medicines have been tested in pregnancy, whether they've been tested on humans or animals, and what the results showed.
Doctors need to be aware of which drugs are dangerous in pregnancy and FDA drug classifications serve as a guide.
Category A. Careful tests in humans have shown no harm.
Category B. Animal studies showed some harm, but well-designed studies in humans showed no harm, OR animal studies did not show any harm and there are no good studies in humans.
Category C. Animal studies show some harm and there are no good studies in humans, OR no human or animal studies have been done.
Category D. Human studies show some risk.
Category X. There is strong evidence that the drug causes birth defects, either in humans or in animals.
Always check with your doctor before taking a drug during pregnancy. Some medicines are safe during one stage of pregnancy but not another.
Many people think that drugs in FDA Category A are always perfectly safe during pregnancy. That's not strictly true since it's possible that an unforeseen problem will appear. However, doctors feel pretty confident that, if these drugs are needed, the risk of harm is very small.
Category B drugs are often prescribed in pregnancy. These are drugs that researchers are fairly sure are safe, although they may have shown some risk of birth defects in animals. Category B drugs may have been tested for safety in pregnant women,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.033954
Retrieved Text: The Impossible Humans project aims at reviving and reinterpreting in a contemporary social key the action of Andy Warhol, who immortalized artists and celebrities who have become cultural icons.
Communication describes a state, place, being real and nonpareil. Interpretation is then needed from the observer: what do you see when you look at someone’s portrait without knowing anything about him or her? And going further: what do you see when you put side by side more portraits of these strangers? What takes place and shape in the observer’s mind? This is what creates a reality. It might not be the same one for everyone – but it is one nonetheless. Not only we all observe reflections of ourself in every person, but what we observe can hugely help us in understanding our true nature. According to quantum physics theories, the observer is part of what is observed. If there is no observation, there is no existence. Because deep observation is an act of love, we can use the people we frame in our photographs to reach a better understanding of our own selves and the reality we live in.
The main goal of the Impossible Humans project is to focus on the single person in order to enhance uniqueness and singularity, harmoniously placing the subject in her or his own environment, following the key component of the mindset that carried the European culture from the Middle Ages to Renaissance blossoming. In short, the idea is to portray individuals detached from mass standards, in an attempt of cataloguing divisions

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.016211
Retrieved Text: Humans replacing robots or the other way round?
We are continuously listening that robots will be replacing humans in the factories, however Mercedes Benz, the giant carmaker is doing a little bit different.
Robots have a lot of advantages e.g. for automating repetitive tasks, for example the Great Wall Motors (GWM) plant in China has 27 robots in the car body performing 4,000 welding operations in an 86 second cycle time!
Despite of this incredible productivity, robots are also more rigid than humans since their programming typically requires a significant effort. And this is why it seems Mercedes Benz is replacing robots in their factories. In fact, their strategy to propose configurable premium cars makes the company dealing with a high number of variants. In this context, humans can better deal with complexity at the final assembly line.
So, what is the best approach? Are collaborative robots the right approach for manufacturing environments with high level of customisation? Just for final assembly? What is your experience?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.012936
Retrieved Text: Caused by the gram-negative bacteria Bartonella, Bartonellosis is an emerging infectious bacterial disease in dogs which affects cats and humans as well. For humans, this infection is also known as cat scratch disease, though this doesn’t necessarily mean that it was acquired through a cat’s bite or scratch.
For dogs, the Bartonella bacterium gets transmitted through fleas, sand flies, lice and ticks. Hunting and herding dogs are at a higher risk due to their increased exposure to these vectors. Of note to this disease is that both dogs and humans share a common range of clinical symptoms.
Bartonellosis is a zoonotic disease, which means it can be transmitted between animals and humans. While it is not fatal for humans, it does pose great risks to immunocompromised patients such as those with AIDS or those who are undergoing chemical treatment.
What Are the Symptoms of Canine Bartonellosis?
What Are the Causes of Bartonellosis?
For dogs, there is not one well-established antibiotic protocol. Depending on the canine’s symptoms, a selection of different antibiotics will be made by your vet on a case-by-case basis.
How Can I Prevent Bartonellosis?
The most efficient way to prevent bartonellosis in your dog is to minimize their exposure to fleas, ticks, sand flies and lice.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.001621
Retrieved Text: I'm still coming to grips with Twitter and the "trending" thing they have going on, but what amazed me was that I had to search the trending part for what people are saying about what has recently happened in Egypt i.e. the sentencing of 529 Morsi supporters to death. A further mass trial of 683 could also face the death penalty.
DJ Rubiconski tweeted "If 529 white Europeans were sentenced to death there would be an invasion of ‪#Egypt‬ tomorrow by a coalition of Western countries." … and it would be with all guns blazing!
Here is another example of the outrageous, stupid, inhumane, cruel, senseless, power hungry, … what other adjectives can I add … way humans treat other humans, this time on a massive scale. The sad part is that we see this on a daily basis in small and, sometimes, unseen ways in our own backyards.
You can keep adding to the list, I'm sure you get my flow here.
So it's no wonder humans can be so violent towards animals without flinching.
Do you think it's a lost cause - animal welfare? I don't. I look around and see growing evidence (albeit growing slowly) that humans are gradually pulling themselves out of the caveman mentality and are starting to "care" about other humans - evidence being the flip side of #egypt529 which is #MH370 - the Malaysian plane that has gone missing with 239 people on board. Here we see Governments falling over themselves trying to find this plane and I believe it is not so much

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.988872
Retrieved Text: There’s no need to be afraid of Paid Ads on Google!
When I started my job at Equals Creative, I explained to my friends and family what my role involved.
Don’t Write Your Website Content for Humans or Bots!
We’ve told you previously to “write for humans, not search bots”. Now we’re backtracking. We say DON’T write for humans or bots!
That’s right, you’re not writing for humans or bots. So, who the hell are we writing for?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.981462
Retrieved Text: Sick of #IdentityPolitics? Tired of watching as humans are divided into hostile groups of oppressors versus oppressed by activists who thrive on discord? Do you believe that #AllLivesMatter with sacred, individual rights? It's time to reexamine the true identity of humans!
What is a human being? Who are we? What is our identity? Are we simply evolved from squirmy, squiggly, little things? Are we proud that we’re smarter than our granduncle Frankie the Baboon? Or are we created by a divine intelligence of love? If we are, what impact does that reality have on human relations?
How can peace come to the world?
How can humans grow beyond an endless cycle of violence, hatred, and tragedy?
What can each of us do to become individuals that foster peace wherever we go?
What can we learn from nature?
Can nature change us and deepen our capacity to love?
Even in the grimmest of city lives, we can find a patch of sky, a breath of wind, or a bird to console our hearts.
Copyright 2018 Peter Falkenberg Brown All rights reserved worldwide.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.9698925
Retrieved Text: There are more ways than one to help artificial intelligence understand the our world and, although some methods have been successful, we’re still far from from getting AI to interact with us in a more ‘human’ way.
The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence in Seattle has created what they call the AllenAI, a system designed to play a game much like Pictionary, called Iconary, alongside humans.
The AllenAI can guess what its human colleagues are drawing or even draw something itself and see if humans can guess what it is.
So far, the AllenAI has played over 100,000 rounds of Iconary and has managed to recognize over 1,200 completely unique concepts. But what’s interesting about this particular AI is that is didn’t learn all of that by repetition, as many AI systems do – it learned it by collaborating with humans.
This means that the AI has had to make connections in its own ‘mind’ the same way humans do with neural connections. The AllenAI has studied the patterns it has encountered during the Iconary rounds and created datasets for guidance.
“You can’t simply use vanilla reinforcement learning to train a model that is required to communicate or collaborate with humans in a language they understand,” project lead Ani Kembhavi stated.
The team chose Pictionary as the game-style they wanted to train the AI on because they believe video games are not attuned to reality well enough. Pictionary would, therefore, give the AllenAI the opportunity to learn common sense in a more realistic way.
The AllenAI team thinks that working with humans and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.969075
Retrieved Text: Launched December 21, 1968, the Apollo 8 mission took humans closer to the Moon than ever before. Apollo 8 boasts a number of firsts and records: the farthest from Earth humans had flown, the first time we orbited the Moon, the fastest speed (25,000 mph on reentry) humans had flown, and the closest, live television pictures of the Moon’s surface. This government film takes us through all of the details of the Apollo 8 mission from liftoff to splashdown, featuring the voices of not only mission control in Houston but also the astronauts as they explain what they are doing, what they are seeing, and how they feel about their journey.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.968659
Retrieved Text: As technology has advanced, we’ve used it to isolate ourselves more and more. Is the technology you use at work driving people closer together or further apart?
Do ideas need to “soak” or “percolate” before they are ready?
Are Humans Evolving or Devolving?
We think we are evolving, advancing, progressing. But are we evolving or are we actually devolving?
When you work in a Complex environment, probing works better than analyzing. What does that mean in terms of how we do our work?
Will computers take all the human jobs? What will humans do? Will humans work for computers?
Our worlds are circular and cyclical, let’s show it that way. Stop trying to force things that are circular to be linear.

================



======= Instance Index 2214 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What are humans?" and the following answer choices: 
- fertile
 - An amphibian
 - A single celled organism
 - infected
 - people
 - An animal
 - A dinosaur
 - athletes

Now knowing that animals are a kingdom of multicellular eukaryotes and humans, of course, are an example of a multicellular eukaryote, choose the best answer.

Target Text: An animal

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.78905
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between human DNA and other animal DNA?
What exact differences are there between human DNA and animal DNA?
Do animals Have the same DNA as humans?
No. But the chimpanzee's DNA is similar to ours by 98% People believe that we humans developed from the ' chimpanzee because of how similar our DNA samples. It is thought that the chimpanzee is as intelligent as a human but in different ways.
What characteristics do humans share with animals?
Animals and humans are both in the animal kingdom. Characteristicsthat animals and humans share are emotions, thoughts, and physicalsimilarities. For example, a humans and animals are social beingswho form bonds with family, friends, and neighbors.
Which animal is closest to human DNA?
Although it is commonly known that chimpanzees are 99% human, the most updated studies show that they still have the closest DNA to humans of all the other animals, but are rather closer to 95% human.
What animals will share the most genes?
The animals that will share the most genes are those that are themost closely related. Supporting theories that human evolved fromprimates, humans share a lot of genetic similarities with apes andmonkeys.
Genetic difference between human DNA and Animal DNA?
Can you combing human DNA with other animal DNA?
Do you extract human DNA the same as animal DNA?
Yes. The DNA is found in the nucleus of every cell. It's simply acase of extracting the DNA from the cell.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.692392
Retrieved Text: 2.1 What is the production and use of boron?
2.2 What are the sources of boron releases to the environment?
2.3 How does boron react in the environment?
3.1 What levels of boron are there in the environment?
3.2 What levels of boron are humans exposed to?
4.1 How does boron act in humans and mammals?
4.2 What are the effects of boron on laboratory animals?
4.3 What are the effects of boron on humans?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.638815
Retrieved Text: #96 I have read this FAQ and I am not convinced. Humans are humans, animals are animals; is it so difficult to see that?
What is wrong with cannibalism?
What is wrong with slavery?
What is wrong with racial prejudice?
What is wrong with sexual discrimination?
What is wrong with killing children or the mentally ill?
What is wrong with the Nazi experiments on humans?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.578538
Retrieved Text: Skills of the Future: How you can outsmart Robots in the workplace of the future?
Isaac Asimov, in his short story ‘Runaround’ which he wrote back in the year 1942 introduced 3 laws of Robot.
But what if robots start disobeying those orders?
What if in the near future robots are able to replace all the humans in the workplace? Do we have a backup plan?
Automation is replacing humans in the workplace.
Despite an alarming degree of jobs that will be destroyed in the near future, there is a ray of hope that many more jobs will be concurrently created in the process.
How can humans increase their value by acquiring some skills?
In this age of machine learning, humans are required to future-proof their careers and build competencies which can give an edge to humans over machines. Here are six skills which can help humans to effectively tackle the challenges of the machine world without any conflict.
In a question on Quora, what will a human always do better than an AI? Blake Senftner, who works for a facial recognition company that employs AI, gave an answer which made sense to me.
AI will solve a problem based upon its previous assumptions. Whatever it has learnt in the past, it will apply on the task at hand. But when it comes to new unknown variables, AI will find it behind humans.
What makes humans different? Humans are better when it comes to self-awareness. While humans can easily solve problems even when they are half-asleep AI can take an unlimited amount of time to analyze

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.398479
Retrieved Text: The Ever-Dying are humans, so-called because – from the viewpoint of magical beings – we’re dying from the moment we’re born.
The Ever-Dying (humans) are called that because they grow ill, heal poorly, and age rapidly. From a magical, long-lived point of view, humans are constantly dying from the moment they’re born. As a planet-wide species, we tend to average about seventy years.
The Ever-Dying (humans) have one major drive: to explore. It’s the reason the Mythos assigned us a little boat as our symbol in the wheel of the Mythos; it seems no matter what era, no matter what culture or DNA grouping, humans are driven to explore, discover, push further and deeper into the world. We’re never satisfied with where we are; we always believe there’s more, and (most importantly) that we have the right to conquer it.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.3884115
Retrieved Text: What is the first thought that comes to your mind if someone were to ask this question? thanks!
uh, really? I always hear people say that humans destroy the world and the environment more. Our "contributions" are limited to trying to fix our mistakes (ie-curing cancer, stopping global warming) and creating more things for us to buy.
But do humans often ignore their conscience and thereby are capable of extreme evil, whereas animals rely solely on their instincts of survival and have not an "evil" bone in their body. Logic is what makes human beings capable of extreme evil.
Best Answer: it is only humans that think we are more important than other animals, because we are much more intelligent than other animals, i bet animals think that we are stupid and think that they are more important than us, so humans are not more important than other animals it is just what we think.
Humans think they are better than animals because they are at the top of the food chain and we are much smarter when half the time animals seem like they don't know what they are doing but they are actually doing something triggered on instinct because an animals instinct is it's most vital ability.
We think that animals are less important because they are less intelligent, does this give people the right to mass murder?
We find reasons to justify blowing each other up, killing the wildlife, the animals, destroying the planet and then we say "but i m better than the animals because i am blessed

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.368585
Retrieved Text: My, this is turning into quite the lively exchange. I have another obligation right now (a Lisp meetup -- say, why aren't you here ;-) but I wanted to get this in before I fell too far behind.
Sometimes the hardest things to explain are the ones that seem obvious to the person doing the explaining. I have found that at root these kinds of disconnects are usually caused by a disconnect in some foundational assumption. Unearthing that assumption is never easy, but it is always enlightening, and so these efforts are worthwhile. But it is important as a first step to achieve clarity on exactly what the underlying disagreement actually is.
I think you go too far to claim that it has been established that higher tax rates cause higher growth, and lower tax rates cause lower growth.
I don't claim this, or at least I didn't intend to (and if I did claim it I retract it now). What I am doing is pointing out that if you look at the historical data in the U.S. over the last 100 years, higher taxes are strongly correlated with lower unemployment and vice versa. The only conclusion I draw from this is that the claim that raising taxes kills jobs is (almost certainly) false.
Second, I am not a bleeding-heart liberal. I am a born-again capitalist. I understand how the free market is supposed to work. I understand the concept of a clearing price. I understand that grain usually does not rot in silos. Labor is nonetheless different from other

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.335465
Retrieved Text: We are only human, bound to make mistakes. But what if some of us are above that? What if there are ‘new humans’ living alongside us, the ordinary folk?
New humans could represent genetically modified babies, programmed to make fewer mistakes and excel in intellect far beyond what we are accustomed to. Some say they are products of alien abductions that served as experiments and returned to earth.
Who is the new human?
Best-selling author Alexis Brooks interviewed Mary Rodwell, certified regression therapist and ET contact researcher, to learn how new humans operate.
Rodwell says she has firsthand experience with these controversial humans. Children between 4-8 years old, the world over, are claiming to be children of extraterrestrials. They share bits and pieces of information about plans for the earth. A child as young as four admitted his earth parents brought him into this world, but his real parents were from space and had plans for the earth during his lifetime.
According to Rodwell, there are more influences of extraterrestrial influence than you may think. Some believe that ADHD and Asperger’s syndrome may actually be a hidden gift rather than an illness – this can even be surmised about autism as well. And it’s not just a few of us either.
Blood tests show that something is different about many of us, not just firsthand accounts of learning how to walk through walls, but hard evidence of DNA anomalies. Scientists have found that 97% of non-coding sequences in human DNA is no less than the DNA of extraterrestrials. Could it be possible

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.3089695
Retrieved Text: Should We Make Robots That Die Like Humans?
Can You Take The Color out of a Watermelon? Incredible Colorless Food Experiment!
This Animal Can Live Forever!
THE INCREDIBLE VIRTUAL REALITY LAB!!
What is the Most Powerful Animal?
Humans vs Robots - Are YOU Becoming Obsolete?
When robots become artists, what will humans have left?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.279381
Retrieved Text: Since we been discussing basically about human nature from the beginning of the quarter, I’m thinking to do my research on what and how we humans are. I’m not sure if this is ok with you, but that’s why we doing the proposal paper. I choose this because we have been having similar conversations in class and also sometimes I like to think deep about us humans. How different mindsets we have, the different choices we make and so on. Here something’s I knew and something’s I found from other sources.
“Human nature is a socially developed environment based on a person’s intrinsic nature at birth and nurture” (Bearer & Lerner). All human beings have intrinsic similarities that are universal or common to all human beings in terms of their anatomy and mental processes as well as their characters. There are features or characteristics that are common to all human beings irrespective of their culture, religion, race, or gender. These similarities form a rich foundation in explaining human nature and some of them are discussed below.
Humans are linguists in nature in that they use languages to communicate their ideas to others. Several techniques are used when communicating and these include use of sign language, metaphors, and figures of speech, among others. Across the world, humans interpret smiles as a sign of joy or happiness and they have the capacity to differentiate between a fake and a genuine smile. Humans have a sexual nature in that they are able to identify people they are sexually attracted to and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.246045
Retrieved Text: We are Humans first. Our faiths, cultures, backgrounds, and skin are the rivers, the flora and fauna, the hills, the dwells and huts – that what makes us individual but still the same. They are never borders or walls, never that! They add facets and colours – never borders. Being Human is what we have in common.
#IAmHuman – tell us your story by text, photo or video. And while you are at it please nominate people and/or great blogs you follow to do the same!
We normally write in German and are a Think & Action Lab on sustainable lifestyle choices, particularly by challenging ourselves every month with a new sustainability challenge. This campaign is different and thus we have chosen to do it in English, as an universal language. Everyone is free to do it in the way and language he, she, it chooses to.
Let’s start with our member Santa’s story.
I am a Human that goes by the name of Santa Meyer-Nandi. I was born in this World in the year 1984 and have lived and seen several places, done religious and non-religious festivities with many other Humans from this World.
My parents come from this big country where Gandhi is from. In fact, my great Grandfather fought non-violently with Gandhi. I was born in the country where Merkel is Kanzler – but live in the city with the Eiffeltower where now a small group of misguided sad Humans took the lives of other Humans, just like this. Things like this are happening in many other places

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.240522
Retrieved Text: Each of the sections below present the essential questions that students will tackle during each of the four main units. Where/when possible, they are grouped by topic.
4. What new substances are made when materials burn in air or oxygen?
5. What is produced when fuels burn?
6. What is needed for things to burn?
5. How might the standard particle model explain the observable (and documented) phenomena that we see within a stream ecosystem?
4. Is there a limit to the amount of solid that will dissolve in a liquid?
5. What else affects solubility?
1. How many different materials are there inside of insects?
2. How many different materials are there outside of insects?
1. How is energy from insects involved in doing useful things?
2. How can we reduce overall energy waste by using insects?
1. What are humans made of? What are humans made from?
2. How can using a microscope give us information about the internal structure of humans?
3. What are human cells like?
4. What do human cells do?
5. How are new human cells made?
1. How does the new life of a human begin?
2. When can human fertilization take place?
3. How is the human embryo supported by the parent as it develops?
4. What do human embryos need to survive?
5. How do humans change as they grow?
6. How is human reproduction similar to and different from reproduction in other living organisms, such as other animals and plants?
1. How do individual insects differ from each other?
2. What are the causes of this variation between individual insects?
3. How can we describe insects?
4. How can we sort

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.226853
Retrieved Text: It’s a point I’m getting very tired of making. Humans decide what inputs are given, human decide what actions are performed on those inputs, humans decide what to do based on the outputs. Algorithms are human acts through and through.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.151115
Retrieved Text: As wild dogs are large predators, they can be potentially dangerous to humans. Fraser Island is a special center of attention regarding such, since interaction between dingoes and humans there is very high due to tourism, therefore the majority of reported incidents originate there.
The likelihood of wild dogs being a danger to humans depends to a large degree on how humans behave toward them. The more frequently these dogs are fed or scavenge human leftovers, the more likely it is that they lose all caution and sometimes react aggressively towards humans when they no longer receive or find food.
Even when habituation to humans seems to be the cause for attacks, it is not clear what the ultimate cause for attacks and overall threat towards humans is. It is possible that some attacks result from the "play" of young cubs, especially with children. Attacks can also be caused by false reactions of humans to aggressive and dominance behaviour of dingoes. It is assumed that dingoes might have started to regard "human" food sources (garbage cans, leftovers, handouts, and so forth) as part of their territory and that attacks on humans can therefore occur because the dingoes see humans as competition and want to protect their food sources. That some dingoes might regard humans as prey was also deemed possible because humans, especially children, could be theoretically overpowered.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.139376
Retrieved Text: Humans have tried to separate themselves from nature and to gain an understanding of what it means to be human, through studies of nature. Ideas of human nature have political and ideological implications, and are thus important in providing information about what it means to be human and what the relation to animals and the environment "ought" to be like. The ideology of human nature makes the world hence meaningful and points out what kind of actions regarding environmental issues are appropriate. The understanding of human nature and the human relationship with nature is culturally and historically produced. Humans' cultural conception thus also influences what kind of relationships are seen as desirable with particular animals. Different animals are seen as having different relations to humans, relations in which all animals are not seen as being equal. Some animals are defined edible, others are defined as companions.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.129406
Retrieved Text: Why do different humans look different?
What if $rB=C$ in Hamilton's rule?
I know death and cancer doesn't hurt humans' reproductive success. It's not helping either. Why do we die? Why dying humans (all of us) are common? What's the point of dying?
What is meant in biology by the term “evolved”?
A student asked me this the other day and I thought that I would ask it again here. If one organism is said to be "more evolved" than another, what exactly does this mean?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.1173115
Retrieved Text: The interesting language point is that today we have computer languages, which, for the most part, are intended for computers only. They’re not intended for humans to read and understand. They’re intended to tell computers in detail what to do. Then we have natural language, which is intended for human-to-human communication.
I’ve been trying to build this knowledge-based language, where it’s intended for communication between humans and machines in a way where humans can read it and machines can understand it too, where we’re incorporating a lot of the existing knowledge of the world into the language in the same way that in human natural language we are constantly incorporating knowledge of the world into the language, because it helps us in communicating things. One branch that I’m interested in right now is what the world looks like when most people can read and write code.
What’s the future of the humans in a world where, once we can describe what we want to do, things can get done automatically? What do the humans do? One of my little hobby projects is trying to understand the evolution of human purposes over time. Today, we’ve got all kinds of purposes. We sit and have a big discussion about purposes, which presumably has some purpose. We do all the different things that we do in the world.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.100489
Retrieved Text: Are the linguistic objects a language? What are its phonemes?
What are the utterances of the alleged language called math?
"at1with0" wrote: What are the utterances of the alleged language called math?
You could assign an utterance to every math symbol. The combination of various symbols convey meaning in the language that is math.
"khanster" wrote: [quote="at1with0"]What are the utterances of the alleged language called math?
I would say that the objects referenced by what you're calling the language is what math is. I make the distinction between human-invented math and the objects of study of math.
"at1with0" wrote: [quote="khanster"][quote="at1with0"]What are the utterances of the alleged language called math?
Humans invent the symbols, yes.
...But the true math itself, is it discovered or invented? I suspect that math is actually discovered, not invented.
It can be broken down to whether or not statements made in the language of human-invented mathology exist independently of humans.
The meanings of such statements exist, in my opinion, independently of humans.
Ergo, the objects of study of human mathology exist independently of humans.
If the universe is a giant brain, how can we establish communication with that brain?
How can a tiny component of a brain communicate with the brain?
Maybe it already is but it's not aware of it.
"at1with0" wrote: Maybe it already is but it's not aware of it.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.036588
Retrieved Text: The map reveals how extensively past interbreeding has affected people alive today.
A new map allows us to trace our ancient human ancestry, revealing how extensively past interbreeding has affected people alive today.
The genetic analysis behind the map's creation strengthens earlier findings that modern humans migrating out of Africa and interbred with the populations they encountered in Europe and Asia. These populations consisted of at least two types of ancient humans: Neanderthals and Denisovans.
Neanderthals have received a lot of attention over the years, and studies have concluded that all people of European and Asian heritage are related to Neanderthals. Denisovans were identified more recently, yet these mysterious, now-extinct humans that once ranged from Siberia to Southeast Asia turn out to have really made their mark in modern genomes. People of South Asian ancestry today may actually be more Denisovan than they are Neanderthal.
The new research, published in the journal Current Biology, also determined that modern human interbreeding with Denisovans happened about 100 generations after the trysts with Neanderthals.
"There are certain classes of genes that modern humans inherited from the archaic humans with whom they interbred, which may have helped the modern humans to adapt to the new environments in which they arrived," senior author David Reich, a geneticist at Harvard Medical School and the Broad Institute, said in a press release.
"On the flip side," he added, "there was negative selection to systematically remove ancestry that may have been problematic from modern humans. We can document this removal over the 40,000 years since these admixtures occurred."
Studying what ancestry

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.036157
Retrieved Text: The program entitled The Life of Mammals is a documentary series which tackles different life forms here on earth. In its last two episodes, “The Social Climbers” and “Food For Thought”, Sir David Attenborough focuses on a group of animals which is commonly known to be close to us humans- the monkeys.
Humans eat, communicate, mate and fight for their own survival. And so do lions, crocodiles and all other types of animals. But how come these animals were never thought of as ancestors of the human race? Why monkeys? It may have been a misconception that humans came from apes. But following Charles Darwin’s Evolution Theory, we share a common ancestor with our hairy friends.
From the documentary, our most evident similarity with monkeys is the size of our brain and how we use it in everyday living. What makes monkeys more similar to us is their ability to find ways to be able to utilize and maximize the resources that can be found in their environment. They have inquisitiveness like that of humans that can be seen in the simplest activities like trying to find out how to crack nuts, and even being able to differentiate between plants which look almost alike.
There exist monkeys with the ability to reach into far places, those with excellent vision, nocturnal ones and even tiny ones which can easily climb up on thin branches. And just like how humans specialize in one job, monkeys also try to work with their special abilities which give them advantage and allow them to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.034678
Retrieved Text: It's important to be careful what goes in your body during pregnancy and FDA drug classifications can help. These classifications can help you understand what medicines have been tested in pregnancy, whether they've been tested on humans or animals, and what the results showed.
Doctors need to be aware of which drugs are dangerous in pregnancy and FDA drug classifications serve as a guide.
Category A. Careful tests in humans have shown no harm.
Category B. Animal studies showed some harm, but well-designed studies in humans showed no harm, OR animal studies did not show any harm and there are no good studies in humans.
Category C. Animal studies show some harm and there are no good studies in humans, OR no human or animal studies have been done.
Category D. Human studies show some risk.
Category X. There is strong evidence that the drug causes birth defects, either in humans or in animals.
Always check with your doctor before taking a drug during pregnancy. Some medicines are safe during one stage of pregnancy but not another.
Many people think that drugs in FDA Category A are always perfectly safe during pregnancy. That's not strictly true since it's possible that an unforeseen problem will appear. However, doctors feel pretty confident that, if these drugs are needed, the risk of harm is very small.
Category B drugs are often prescribed in pregnancy. These are drugs that researchers are fairly sure are safe, although they may have shown some risk of birth defects in animals. Category B drugs may have been tested for safety in pregnant women,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.033954
Retrieved Text: The Impossible Humans project aims at reviving and reinterpreting in a contemporary social key the action of Andy Warhol, who immortalized artists and celebrities who have become cultural icons.
Communication describes a state, place, being real and nonpareil. Interpretation is then needed from the observer: what do you see when you look at someone’s portrait without knowing anything about him or her? And going further: what do you see when you put side by side more portraits of these strangers? What takes place and shape in the observer’s mind? This is what creates a reality. It might not be the same one for everyone – but it is one nonetheless. Not only we all observe reflections of ourself in every person, but what we observe can hugely help us in understanding our true nature. According to quantum physics theories, the observer is part of what is observed. If there is no observation, there is no existence. Because deep observation is an act of love, we can use the people we frame in our photographs to reach a better understanding of our own selves and the reality we live in.
The main goal of the Impossible Humans project is to focus on the single person in order to enhance uniqueness and singularity, harmoniously placing the subject in her or his own environment, following the key component of the mindset that carried the European culture from the Middle Ages to Renaissance blossoming. In short, the idea is to portray individuals detached from mass standards, in an attempt of cataloguing divisions

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.016211
Retrieved Text: Humans replacing robots or the other way round?
We are continuously listening that robots will be replacing humans in the factories, however Mercedes Benz, the giant carmaker is doing a little bit different.
Robots have a lot of advantages e.g. for automating repetitive tasks, for example the Great Wall Motors (GWM) plant in China has 27 robots in the car body performing 4,000 welding operations in an 86 second cycle time!
Despite of this incredible productivity, robots are also more rigid than humans since their programming typically requires a significant effort. And this is why it seems Mercedes Benz is replacing robots in their factories. In fact, their strategy to propose configurable premium cars makes the company dealing with a high number of variants. In this context, humans can better deal with complexity at the final assembly line.
So, what is the best approach? Are collaborative robots the right approach for manufacturing environments with high level of customisation? Just for final assembly? What is your experience?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.012936
Retrieved Text: Caused by the gram-negative bacteria Bartonella, Bartonellosis is an emerging infectious bacterial disease in dogs which affects cats and humans as well. For humans, this infection is also known as cat scratch disease, though this doesn’t necessarily mean that it was acquired through a cat’s bite or scratch.
For dogs, the Bartonella bacterium gets transmitted through fleas, sand flies, lice and ticks. Hunting and herding dogs are at a higher risk due to their increased exposure to these vectors. Of note to this disease is that both dogs and humans share a common range of clinical symptoms.
Bartonellosis is a zoonotic disease, which means it can be transmitted between animals and humans. While it is not fatal for humans, it does pose great risks to immunocompromised patients such as those with AIDS or those who are undergoing chemical treatment.
What Are the Symptoms of Canine Bartonellosis?
What Are the Causes of Bartonellosis?
For dogs, there is not one well-established antibiotic protocol. Depending on the canine’s symptoms, a selection of different antibiotics will be made by your vet on a case-by-case basis.
How Can I Prevent Bartonellosis?
The most efficient way to prevent bartonellosis in your dog is to minimize their exposure to fleas, ticks, sand flies and lice.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.001621
Retrieved Text: I'm still coming to grips with Twitter and the "trending" thing they have going on, but what amazed me was that I had to search the trending part for what people are saying about what has recently happened in Egypt i.e. the sentencing of 529 Morsi supporters to death. A further mass trial of 683 could also face the death penalty.
DJ Rubiconski tweeted "If 529 white Europeans were sentenced to death there would be an invasion of ‪#Egypt‬ tomorrow by a coalition of Western countries." … and it would be with all guns blazing!
Here is another example of the outrageous, stupid, inhumane, cruel, senseless, power hungry, … what other adjectives can I add … way humans treat other humans, this time on a massive scale. The sad part is that we see this on a daily basis in small and, sometimes, unseen ways in our own backyards.
You can keep adding to the list, I'm sure you get my flow here.
So it's no wonder humans can be so violent towards animals without flinching.
Do you think it's a lost cause - animal welfare? I don't. I look around and see growing evidence (albeit growing slowly) that humans are gradually pulling themselves out of the caveman mentality and are starting to "care" about other humans - evidence being the flip side of #egypt529 which is #MH370 - the Malaysian plane that has gone missing with 239 people on board. Here we see Governments falling over themselves trying to find this plane and I believe it is not so much

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.988872
Retrieved Text: There’s no need to be afraid of Paid Ads on Google!
When I started my job at Equals Creative, I explained to my friends and family what my role involved.
Don’t Write Your Website Content for Humans or Bots!
We’ve told you previously to “write for humans, not search bots”. Now we’re backtracking. We say DON’T write for humans or bots!
That’s right, you’re not writing for humans or bots. So, who the hell are we writing for?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.981462
Retrieved Text: Sick of #IdentityPolitics? Tired of watching as humans are divided into hostile groups of oppressors versus oppressed by activists who thrive on discord? Do you believe that #AllLivesMatter with sacred, individual rights? It's time to reexamine the true identity of humans!
What is a human being? Who are we? What is our identity? Are we simply evolved from squirmy, squiggly, little things? Are we proud that we’re smarter than our granduncle Frankie the Baboon? Or are we created by a divine intelligence of love? If we are, what impact does that reality have on human relations?
How can peace come to the world?
How can humans grow beyond an endless cycle of violence, hatred, and tragedy?
What can each of us do to become individuals that foster peace wherever we go?
What can we learn from nature?
Can nature change us and deepen our capacity to love?
Even in the grimmest of city lives, we can find a patch of sky, a breath of wind, or a bird to console our hearts.
Copyright 2018 Peter Falkenberg Brown All rights reserved worldwide.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.9698925
Retrieved Text: There are more ways than one to help artificial intelligence understand the our world and, although some methods have been successful, we’re still far from from getting AI to interact with us in a more ‘human’ way.
The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence in Seattle has created what they call the AllenAI, a system designed to play a game much like Pictionary, called Iconary, alongside humans.
The AllenAI can guess what its human colleagues are drawing or even draw something itself and see if humans can guess what it is.
So far, the AllenAI has played over 100,000 rounds of Iconary and has managed to recognize over 1,200 completely unique concepts. But what’s interesting about this particular AI is that is didn’t learn all of that by repetition, as many AI systems do – it learned it by collaborating with humans.
This means that the AI has had to make connections in its own ‘mind’ the same way humans do with neural connections. The AllenAI has studied the patterns it has encountered during the Iconary rounds and created datasets for guidance.
“You can’t simply use vanilla reinforcement learning to train a model that is required to communicate or collaborate with humans in a language they understand,” project lead Ani Kembhavi stated.
The team chose Pictionary as the game-style they wanted to train the AI on because they believe video games are not attuned to reality well enough. Pictionary would, therefore, give the AllenAI the opportunity to learn common sense in a more realistic way.
The AllenAI team thinks that working with humans and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.969075
Retrieved Text: Launched December 21, 1968, the Apollo 8 mission took humans closer to the Moon than ever before. Apollo 8 boasts a number of firsts and records: the farthest from Earth humans had flown, the first time we orbited the Moon, the fastest speed (25,000 mph on reentry) humans had flown, and the closest, live television pictures of the Moon’s surface. This government film takes us through all of the details of the Apollo 8 mission from liftoff to splashdown, featuring the voices of not only mission control in Houston but also the astronauts as they explain what they are doing, what they are seeing, and how they feel about their journey.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.968659
Retrieved Text: As technology has advanced, we’ve used it to isolate ourselves more and more. Is the technology you use at work driving people closer together or further apart?
Do ideas need to “soak” or “percolate” before they are ready?
Are Humans Evolving or Devolving?
We think we are evolving, advancing, progressing. But are we evolving or are we actually devolving?
When you work in a Complex environment, probing works better than analyzing. What does that mean in terms of how we do our work?
Will computers take all the human jobs? What will humans do? Will humans work for computers?
Our worlds are circular and cyclical, let’s show it that way. Stop trying to force things that are circular to be linear.

================



======= Instance Index 843 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is a river also?" and the following answer choices: 
- storing water
 - loose soil
 - dangerous
 - fertile
 - more abundant
 - watershred
 - body water
 - kinetic

Now knowing that rivers are usually larger than streams and watersheds are creeks, streams and rivers, choose the best answer.

Target Text: watershred

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.855341
Retrieved Text: What are some of the most popular places to visit in Illinois?
What are the popular places to visit in Chicago?
What is Illinois known for?
Illinois River Map shows various natural streams of the state. The prominent rivers of Illinois include, Ohio, Mississippi, Wabash and Illinois. The Illinois river of the state is a prime tributary of the Mississippi river. Having a 68 miles long stream Illinois river is considered as an apt perennial resource.
Illinois River Network map shows that flowing from northeast to southwest, Illinois river intersects the central region of the state. Tourism options like fishing and boating are also available in the river of Illinois. Ohio and Wabash, both of which are known to have immense perennial importance to the state of Illinois, make the southern and southeastern boundary of the state. Topographic llinois Map shows that the Mississippi river passes through the western border of Illinois. The river map of Illinois, apart from pointing out the main waterways, also marks the cities and towns that are located on the banks of such rivers. Rend and Michigan lake of Illinois can also be found in the Illinois river map. Illinois rivers on a map are shown covering a total of 14, 500 km, and the 2000 rivers and streams of Illinois, thus play a major role in the development of irrigation systems of the state. The Illinois state map highlights the major rivers of the place with accurate positioning.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.806388
Retrieved Text: Lethe is the Greek Goddess of oblivion/forgetfulness, associated with the Underworld river of the same name.
What are Lethe and Mnemosyne?
Lethe = one of the rivers in the Underworld; river of forgetfulness Mnemosyne = The Titan goddess of memory and the mother of the nine Muses.
What is the myth of Styx and Lethe?
Lethe is the Underworld river of oblivion/forgetfulness. Styx is the Underworld river of hate, upon which the gods and goddess swear oaths upon.
What is the meaning of a-lethe-ia?
Aletheia is the Greek word for "truth", and like the English word implies sincerity as well as factual or reality.
What was the river Lethe also called?
Does lethe has a plural?
Lethe isn't a word used alone; in Greek Myth it is a name for the Underworld river goddess of forgetfulness/oblivion.
What are Lethe and Nepenthe?
What is the Spring of Lethe?
What actors and actresses appeared in Lethe - 2007?
How was the river Lethe of Hades created?
The river Lethe was associated with Lethe a goddess offorgetfulness. Making her a daughter of Eris or Oceanus.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.540196
Retrieved Text: The Highland Angling Experience offer a bespoke guiding service that is totally focused on your fishing needs and that of your party. We are currently offering our guiding services on The River Lochy, River Garry and River Oich which we have fished on for a number of years with a good record of success.
Andy Burton knows the River Lochy intimately and has fished the river at a range of different water heights and in varying conditions. Andy also has an in depth knowledge of fishing for Salmon on the River Garry and River Oich and has a good track record of catching fish on all three rivers.
What we do differently, Ghillie or Guide?
Andy and his team offer a bespoke guiding service which differs from what may be offered by what people may think of a more traditional Ghillie service. When booking onto a beat that has a more traditional ghillie, you should expect to be allocated a pool and advised on some basic tactics as well as being looked after and maybe being mad a tea or coffee in the hut. The ghillie may also have a mixed party to look after as well as other jobs to complete on the river banks etc that day.
If you hire a guide from the Highland Angling Experience, you can be sure that the day will be dedicated to you and your fishing party for the day. Your guide will offer advice and information on water levels and conditions, tactics to use and when to change them, coaching and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.523503
Retrieved Text: What better way to enjoy the Orange River than on a sunset river cruise. Sakkie se Arkie is a floating bar on the river and Sakke Spangenberg, the owner of the vessel, is an experience skipper who will take you on a two hour cruise – perfect for bird watching or just for relaxing in the evening sunshine.
Enjoy a glass of bubbly while taking in the sights of the majestic Orange River; the cruise will also take you past an island holiday resort and underneath the two bridges crossing the river. Snacks are provided and alcohol is available at the fully licensed bar to those over the age of 18. The river cruise is the ideal way to escape the confines of town and see what the river has to offer.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.49103
Retrieved Text: VA SOL: 2.5 The student will develop map skills by b) locating selected rivers (James River, Mississippi River, Rio Grande, Huang He, and Nile River), mountain ranges (Appalachian Mountains and Rocky Mountains), and lakes (Great Lakes) in the United States and other countries.
Introduction: Have you ever heard of the James River? Did you know we live right next to it? Where is the James River on a map? How does it relate to George Washington? These are some of the many questions that you are going to find the answers to in today's lesson! Using the directions and links in this WebQuest, you will be able to find out all you need to know about the James River!
Task: It is your job to find out all you can about the James River and George Washington! Go to the websites listed and answer the following questions: What state(s) does the James River run through? How many miles is the James River? Can you find the James River on a map? How does George Washington relate to the James River? Record all of your information in your brochure to inform others about what you learned!
Process: The questions you should gather from these websites are as follows: Where is the James River located? How many miles is the James River? How does George Washington relate to the James River? Write all of this information in your brochure!
Process: Now that you know all about the James River, see if you can find it on the map of the United States!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.47012
Retrieved Text: The use of this sand (also called artificial sand, M-Sand, Robo Sand etc.,) ... M30 mixes using river sand and Manufactured Sand as fine aggregate.
Robo Sand vs River Sand The reasons for . - facebook. ... artificial river sand making - srcodisha. How sand is made material, manufacture, making, history .
I've read you can find bags of river or beach sand through ... for 5 bucks versus $1-per-pound non-toxic sand that you ... The Non-toxic Eco-friendly Sandbox.
What is the exact difference between manufactured sand ... Same river bed sand can have differences in ... What are the advantages of natural sand vs artificial sand?
river sand vs artificial sand. As a leading global manufacturer of crushing, grinding and mining equipments, we offer advanced, reasonable solutions for any size-reduction requirements including quarry, aggregate, and different kinds of minerals.
River Sand Versus Artificial Sand - spf-production.be. what is the difference between the river sand and, riversand vs artificial sandKarnataka saces stones to, .
Artificial Sand Making Machines, Manufacturer,… Artificial Sand Making Machines, Artificial Sand Making Machine, Manufacturer, Exporter So it is a need of the time to find some substitute to natural river sand.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.447703
Retrieved Text: Obtain your equipments cranking. Get those 10 feet poles as well as several of your finest appeals, due to the fact that we’re opting for salmon angling over at Ausable River, amongst minority areas where trout and also salmon angling goes to its ideal.
Precisely, so couple of angling hotspots can measure up to Ausable River for several years round trout and also salmon angling. If the existence of the Great Lakes close by can currently be taken for provided, it’s as. Are you all set for an Ausable River Salmon Fishing Trip?
Adirondack Sport Shop is undoubtedly house of the ideal Ausable River Salmon Fishing due to the fact that Mr. Fran Betters, an angling expert for over 50 years manage its procedure. Presenting ability is a competence apart from angling that Fran Betters as well as his group of 4 specialist angling overviews understands so well.
Absolutely nothing replicates the difficulty and also the ambience of fly angling on the financial institutions. Wading journeys are so much of a specialized of Fran Betters as well as his group of 4 expert angling overviews; in truth it’s what the people over Adirondack Sport Shop advertise.
Individualized overviews are what made angling journeys so a lot rewarding. Do overviews wade with you? Do individuals at Adirondack Sports Shop do all these?
John settled with them all: Barracuda, Tarpon, Permit, Salmon as well as Trout. Currently, Ausable River Sports Shop has actually captured John. At Ausable River Sports Shop, he supplies overview solutions and also makes certain that you will not damage

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.363827
Retrieved Text: Grades 6, 7 and 8 | Geography | Middle School | What is a River?
The landscape is shaped by rivers.
This Geography quiz is called 'What is a River?' and it has been written by teachers to help you if you are studying the subject at middle school. Playing educational quizzes is a fabulous way to learn if you are in the 6th, 7th or 8th grade - aged 11 to 14.
This quiz answers the question of what exactly a river is and looks at some of the features found along the course of a river, such as their sources, meanders, rapids and estuaries. All over the world you'll find cities and towns located on the banks of rivers. We settle on the flood plains and farm the rich fertile soil; we build our cities at the furthest points inland that a ship can reach; we rely on rivers for industry, transport and power worldwide.
But these geographical features that run through our history, our cultures and our civilisations have a couple of stings in their tail - floods and, in the modern world, pollution. Science and geography are now combining to return rivers to their more natural, less lethal forms.
Rivers are a key part of the water cycle. They drain the water from the land and carry it to the sea where it will be returned to the atmosphere by condensation to form rain clouds. They also form the key ecosystems for a variety of wildlife, both plants and animals. From their sources and the high oxygen

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.298339
Retrieved Text: What is the Loch in the Vaal River?
Loch is a Scottish word for a lake. It indicates a landlocked piece of sea or a bay, according to Webster’s dictionary. And that is exactly what the ‘Loch” at Loch Vaal is; a landlocked piece of water. Its visible on our map of the Vaal River.
This landlocked ‘lake’ was formed because the water was dammed up by the barrage wall and therefore the water formed a sort of dam or lake, before it flows through the barrage wall. The Vaal River is, therefore, actually a reservoir, and it is 64km long with an average depth of 4,5 m. Although the water at the Loch is much shallower.
Around this inland bay, called Loch Vaal, we have several beautiful weekend houses with their own private river frontages and also developments like Shores of Loch Vaal, Bishop’s Bay, Waterford Golf Estate. This area is used for many recreational activities and many holiday resorts, restaurants and holiday accommodation facilities. It is a wonderful place to spend weekends with family and friends.
Posted in FAQs, Vaal river info | Comments Off on What is the Loch in the Vaal River?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.295991
Retrieved Text: What does natural mean? Natural means existing in or caused by nature; not made or caused by humankind. What do you mean by non-natural/ man made? Not of natural origin; prepared or made artificially How will we assess the level of natural?
Introduction River Pang is a small chalk stream river in the west of the English county of Berkshire, and a tributary of the River Thames. The river Pang is also a river which can be very dry in summer time because there is very little water in the river unless it is a rainy season and if it rains a lot there could be floods and draughts in river Pang. The river pang is 19 miles long. We are going to find many natural features because the river is very natural and there are various changes in speed as the river is flowing down.
There’s also many man made features which can be spotted near the river Pang such as bridges built for people to cross over the river. I think that I will also see many meanders and rapids. I will also see wide flood plains going down the river because the river would be naturally made to stop floods. I might also spot that the stone size changes near the river banks. The river’s velocity will increase as we go down the river because there is going to be more water closer to the end of the river.
There is quite a gap between Bradfield and Bucklebury.
The width and perimeter was found by using a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.266093
Retrieved Text: As long as the weather remains mild traffic on the Mississippi River will continue to flow or will it? Remember the drought we all went through this summer? Well, the results of that are still being felt especially on the Mighty Mississippi. With less water flowing from tributaries into the Mississippi, the water levels are getting dangerously low and as a result, barges are now required to carry lighter loads.
The real problem in navigating the Mississippi is from St. Louis to Cairo, Illinois. The water levels for that area are affected by the flow of water from the Missouri River into the Mississippi. The drought has had an impact but what really is happening is the Army Corp of Engineers refusal to allow more water to be released from the Gavins Point Dam near Yankton, South Dakota. It is a move to conserve water in the upper Missouri River basin, an area also affected severely by the recent drought.
According to an article written by Jim Salter and Jim Suhr and published in Sunday’s Quincy Herald Whig, The Corps has no choice but to reduce the flow from the dam because of a congressionally authorized document called the Missouri River Master Manual. This manual was enacted ten years ago and it requires the Corps to protect the Upper Missouri River basin despite the ramifications of what might happen downstream, with downstream being the Mississippi River in this case.
Unless something changes and changes quickly, look for barge traffic to be halted which would force cause a huge economic

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.250951
Retrieved Text: What does the phrase "little big" mean?
It usually implies that something is little in one way but big in another; for example, a game may want to imply that it is "little" in being approachable and friendly, but "big" in having lots of things to do.
My take on the titles you mention is that "little" refers to physical size, and "big" refers to aspiration or scope. So "little big magazine" would be a small sized magazine aspiring to cover a great deal of subject matter.
"Little big" isn't really a standard phrase in English, so it's subject to interpretation. It's meant to be more evocative than precise.
In the above cases you could take it to mean something that is suitable for both little and big people (children and adults), or something that is big in scope but miniature in size.
Probably best known is the Battle of Little Big Horn of 1876 (other spacing and names are also used). It is named for the nearby Little Big Horn River, a tributary of the Big Horn River, in turn a tributary of the Yellowstone River, and then the Missouri River and Mississippi River.
The apparent oxymoron makes it easy to remember, but in fact little does not apply to big but to Big Horn River; similarly big does not apply to Horn River, but river applies to big horn. I would not be surprised is your examples copied this.
What does “Thundering typhoons” mean?
What does “Emergency blame game” on Iraq mean?
other phrases for “little investment, big return”?
What exactly does the phrase

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.231918
Retrieved Text: In the fictional Town of Creekshore, the Flash River is a major waterway that flows through the Town and provides citizens with drinking water and utilities. Creekshore is located near the headwaters of the Flash River so the Town can be subject to both flood and drought conditions. In times of significant rainfall, such as spring, the Flash River often rises causing localized flooding.
Last spring, the Flash River experienced a 1 in 100 flood that impacted many residents in the Town of Creekshore. One resident, Mr. Watersedge has owned a home on the bank of the Flash River for the past 20 years. Mr. Watersedge owns a modest property with only the essentials; however his collection of autographed Star Trek memorabilia in a glass case in his basement is an exception. He also rents his basement to a local University student.
Unfortunately in the spring flood, overland flooding caused significant damage to his basement and property. Due to the Flash River flood, the tenant lost all their contents in the basement including a home theater system and personal memorabilia in a small storage room. The basement’s functional washroom, bedroom, and kitchen were also ruined. Living in the floodplain for the past 20 years, Mr. Watersedge has experienced smaller flood events in the past, but the extent of this recent flooding was unprecedented.
How do different insurance approaches compare to Mr. Watersedge’s circumstances?
What is covered? What isn’t covered?
Does living in the floodplain disqualify him?
Does he need to contact anyone aside from the insurance company?
To what degree are contents covered?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.208651
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between “Crushed Stone” and “Crushed Gravel” aggregate? ... telling the difference between the two on site should be difficult. Look for smaller rounded pieces in the stockpile that were missed by the crusher to identify a gravel source. Rounded pieces from a quarried stone should be very rare.
Crusher Run is a crushed gravel that has “fines”, or granite dust, mixed in. Crusher Run packs well and is ideal for driveways or as a substrate to create a level base for patios, walkways and retaining walls. ... What is the difference between masonry sand & coarse "concrete" sand?
difference between crusher dust and river sand building. difference between robo sand and quarry dust , Know the difference between Crusher dust & M sand Comparison Of River Sand And Crushed . ... Also is there a big difference between stone dust and pea gravel for finishing?
Difference Between Crusher Dust And River Sand Building. ... &#; Sand is seen in beaches, river beds, , What is the difference between Gravel and Sand? , Difference Between , Get More; differentiate between crusher sand and river sand.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.198903
Retrieved Text: An effort is underway to protect and improve water quality in the almost one million acre Rum River Watershed. With its beginning at Lake Mille Lacs, most of the Rum River is a State Scenic and Recreational Waterway. The Rum is known for canoeing, smallbouth bass fishing, and high water quality. Many of the watershed's tributaries and lakes, including lakes George and East Twin, are also of high quality.
The Rum River Watershed Restoration and Protection Project (WRAP) just began and it aims to protect all of this. Some lakes and streams in the watershed area are "impaired" and fail to meet state water quality standards. For these, a plan for improvement or Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL) study will be completed.
Special investigations of water quality problems (2014).
Computer modeling to answer "what if" questions (2013-15).
Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL) planning (2015-16).
A WRAP report that prescribes future management approaches (2015-16).
After completion of the WRAP, local agencies will implement projects to protect and improve water quality. State funding, including the State Clean Water Fund from Clear Water, Land and Legacy Amendment, will ensure financial support exists for these projects.
At the most local level, the Upper Rum River Watershed Management Organization (URRWMO) will be working for the Rum River and our lakes. The URRWMO is a joint powers organization of the Cities of Bethel, East Bethel, Ham Lake, Nowthen, Oak Grove, and St. Francis. Learn more at the Upper Rum River Watershed Management Organization.
The WRAP is funded and overseen by the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency, and the Anoka Conservation District

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.173078
Retrieved Text: Indian Writing in English Indo-Anglican Literature Poetry Critical Appreciation of Ramanujan's poem "A River" or What light does a river throw on the poetical characteristics of Ramanujan? or Comment on Ramanujan's use of Irony in the poem "A River"
Critical Appreciation of Ramanujan's poem "A River" or What light does a river throw on the poetical characteristics of Ramanujan? or Comment on Ramanujan's use of Irony in the poem "A River"
A.K. Ramanujan’s ‘A River’ is of his finest poem taken from his magnum opus, The Striders (1965). Here the poet has compared and contrasted the attitudes of the old poets and those of the new poets to human suffering. He has come to the conclusion that both the groups of the poets are indifferent to human sorrow and suffering. Their poetry does not reflect the miseries of the human beings. He has proved this point in the present poem.
The poem is all about a river, Vaigai which flows through the heart of Madurai city, the centre of Tamil culture. The word Madurai means a “sweet city”. It is a Tamil word. As a matter of fact, this city is the seat of Tamil culture and learning. It is also a holy city full of temples including the famous Meenakshi Temple. The poets have written many poems on the temples and the river. In the poem A River the poet presents two strikingly contrasting pictures of the river: a vivid picture of the river in the summer season and the river in its full flow when the floods

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.151881
Retrieved Text: The rivers of America are a great source of history and culture. In order to share and enlighten our guests of all of the uniqueness within our ports of call, we decided we needed a storyteller of the river and someone well versed in the history of river travel – we needed a Riverlorian.
This position is a special one to us, one that sets our river cruises apart from others and enhances the guest experience. Our Riverlorians are very intelligent and well-versed in the history of the places to which we travel, sharing stories and information with guests on a daily basis. They hold River Chats, provide daily information about the town or city in which we are visiting and offer presentations to learn more. Onboard, guests can borrow books on the topic to read at their leisure, as well as binoculars, to witness the wildlife and natural beauty as it slowly passes by. Additionally there are bicycles on each vessel, that allow guests to explore the port of call at their own pace, seeing the areas of the town that interest them most. We have several, very passionate crew members as our Riverlorians, who have read, studied and researched for countless hours on the topic, and are always ready and willing to share their knowledge.
Below you can find a Q and A with Riverlorian, Jerry Hay, on the American Queen.
What does a normal day look like for you onboard?
I rise early and check the weather, then join other early risers in the chart room. Each

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.128147
Retrieved Text: American River Home Care is located at 124 Hillswood Drive ,Folsom , CA / California 95630. The assisted living facility service is rated for 5 seniors.
American River Home Care is assisted living service for seniors. If you need help with your daily activities (ADLs), assisted living facilities are special facilities are what offer the medium service between independent living communities and nursing homes.
American River Home Care offers assisted living and senior care in Sacramento .
American River Home Care facility service is for 5 seniors.
Seniors and older adults in an assisted living facility like American River Home Care usually need help with some basic daily needs. Assisted living facilities offer services like Independent Living, Personalized Assisted Living, and Memory Care for Alzheimer’s and Rehabilitation, Dementia, and Skilled Nursing. You will also receive assisted care with medication, mobility, meal preparation, eating, bathing, dressing and housekeeping. You can also find offers like Continuing Care Retirement Communities where residents can live without moving if they need nursing care. Most of the facilities are providing rehabilitation, fitness, educational programming for seniors, and health services to seniors.
In general assisted living facilities like American River Home Care require private pay in most cases. The assisted living is usually not covered by Medicare and Medicaid, exceptions can be met. What is the average price for assisted living and who pays for assisted living facilities are the general questions.
One-bedroom unit in an assisted living facility like American River Home Care is $3,500, according to Cost of Care Survey by Genworth Financial Inc. That's $42,000 per

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.117746
Retrieved Text: Brahmaputra River Cruise-Exceptional! Enchanting! Enigmatic!
River cruising is an interesting way to explore the charm of a place. Floating on a mesmerizing river amidst relaxing environment is a blissful experience. And for such an experience what can be more promising than Brahmaputra River Cruise in Assam, a beautiful land of rolling hills, thick forests and plains. Around 40 km in width and spanning over 3 km, Brahmaputra is one of the enchanting rivers of not only India but Asia. It is the only navigable river in the world. Located at the foot of the Mount Kailash, this fabled river orignates from the glacial waters of the holy Mansarovar Lake. In fact, it is the only river in Asia from which Jeep, elephant and boat safaris are conducted. And it is the only river from which you can see 7400 mtrs high snow covered Himalayas. Everything about this river is fascinating!
Brahmaputra River Cruise comes with a heady mix of adventure, natural beauty, luxury and comfort. It takes you to the enchanting attractions of north eastern state Assam. It offers an opportunity to go deep into the heart of the state, experience its beauty, local sights and culture. The cruise will take you to dense forests, mesmerizing lakes, different wetlands, temples, historic sites and monasteries. The river also supports a range of rare flora. The wonderful destinations covered by the Brahmaputra Cruise are Guwahati, Manas National Park, Hajo, Kaziranga National Park, Majuli Island and Sibsagar. The area along the river is an abode of around 850 species of birds,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.112328
Retrieved Text: We modernized - come in and see!
and located directly at the River Rhine.
Our Hotel is located in Bornheim-Widdig, directly between the Leinpfad (also known as the Way of St. James and Rhein-Cycle-Path) and the Rheinuferweg. The river bank itself can be reached in just one minute. What better way to relax on the most romantic river in Germany?
Have an undisturbed view from the restaurant or from the terrace over countless ships and excursion steamers - up to the Siebengebirge on the horizon. Enjoy a refreshing ice cream, delicious cakes and pastries and regional specialties. What a pleasure on the river.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.10996
Retrieved Text: Conveniently located on the west bank of the Chicago River’s North Branch is a small pocket neighborhood known as River West. Bounded by Chicago Avenue to the north, the Kennedy Expressway (I 90/94) to the west, Ohio Street to the south, and of course the Chicago River to the east, River West may not be one of downtown Chicago’s largest or most well known neighborhoods, but it’s rapidly becoming one of its true hidden gems.
Given River West is for more or less bordered by River North, West Town, and the Fulton Market-West Loop area, local residents and those thinking about making a move here will be just minutes from some of the city’s hottest dining, nightlife and entertainment, only without having to pay the premium that’s associated with those other neighborhoods and locations. The heart of River North is literally just a short walk or drive across the Ohio Street Bridge, while Restaurant Row and the rest of Chicago’s West Loop is also only a few minutes away, giving home and condo owners here easy and direct access to a plethora of restaurants, cafes, bars, taverns, and more. Additionally, with the rapid development and expansion of nearby Fulton Market, home values all around the River West area will surely continue to rise, especially with the additional development happening all around the Grand, Milwaukee, Halsted intersection, which is now the heart and soul of the River West neighborhood.
Thinking of Selling Your River West Home or Condo?
If you're looking to sell your River West home, condo, or loft

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.07714
Retrieved Text: Olentangy River Road replacement windows are a great investment that will make your home or office worth more money. There are a number of different benefits to replacing the windows of your Olentangy River Road office building or house. If you are looking to sell the building someday, it will be worth more money if it has newer windows installed. You might also save a lot of money on a heating or air conditioning bill by having more insulated panes and frames in your home. Getting a quote is easy and provides many benefits.
When you try to get a quote online for Olentangy River Road replacement windows, you'll need to know just about how many windows you will need replaced. You will also need to know the size of the windows and what type, if you need any special style, you will want in your Olentangy River Road home or business. You might also want to let a prospective contractor know how long you expect the replacement to take and when you want to get started. All of these things will contribute to the price, and a good contractor will have a pretty good idea of what you can expect to pay.
If you provide relevant information to receive quotes for Olentangy River Road replacement windows, you can get quotes from different Columbus replacement window contractors in your OH area. How do you know which contractor to choose for your replacement? A great contractor will be willing to meet with you to discuss the kinds of things

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.073525
Retrieved Text: Chengdu, China : Firefighters in China had to rescue a driver who became stranded after trying to clean his million-yuan sports utility vehicle (SUV) in a river to avoid paying for a car wash.
The man had driven his Land Rover into what was a shallow river outside Chengdu on Wednesday when floodgates were opened upstream, releasing a wall of water.
The man fled for higher ground and called police after the vehicle became half submerged in the rapids.
Rescue crews arrived to find him stranded on an islet in the middle of the river.
Using ropes and a harness, firefighters walked the man to safety through the swift, knee-deep water in what was a 10-minute rescue, firefighters told media.
The crew also pulled the soaked SUV from the river.
The man later told rescuers he had the brilliant idea of washing the car in the river in order to save 20 yuan ($2.50) for a proper car wash.
Anyway, we’re glad the car owner is safe now. Also, we hope his vehicle insurance covers this type of loss, otherwise it may cost him a lot of money to fix the luxury car!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.056102
Retrieved Text: Direct Pack participates in LA River Cleanup 2018 | Direct Pack Inc.
Direct Pack is a proud sponsor of the LA River Cleanup 2018, and all employees have been offered the opportunity to participate in the cleanup at Sepulveda Basin on April 14 in exchange for a paid day off. Many employees are inviting friends and family as well, so we are expecting to contribute with a large group of people.
Beginning in 1986 with the founding of Friends of the LA River (FoLAR), a strong effort has been made to return the LA River to a more natural state and to reduce ocean bound litter. Through this effort, FoLAR has not only restored 50+ miles of river, but has also removed tons of debris, created a refuge for wildlife and a cleaner recreational asset for the community, and established the Source to Sea Watershed Education Program using hands-on experiences to educate the community.
As students and adults learn more about the river and what a valuable resource it is, they also learn what can be done to protect it and other watersheds that flow to the ocean. Direct Pack shares these values of environmental stewardship, and as part of our Green Together program, DPI has become a member of FoLAR, a sponsor the 2018 LA River Cleanup, and will participate in the 2018 Cleanup. We are excited to combine our effort to recover plastic bottles for use in our BOTTLEBOX® line of take-out containers with FoLAR’s effort to reduce ocean bound litter.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.028515
Retrieved Text: The S.C. Department of Natural Resources (DNR) and the Pee Dee Scenic River Advisory Council are asking for public input to help develop a management plan for two designated State Scenic River sections of the Great Pee and Little Pee Dee. The public is invited to share ideas and opinions regarding the management needs of these rivers through a survey which can be accessed online.
The survey is available to the public through the date of June 30, 2014, and may be accessed online at this Survey Monkey website.
Both of these State Scenic River sections, which extend below U.S. Highway 378, have long been recognized for their outstanding ecological, cultural, and recreational values. This led to their designation as State Scenic Rivers by the South Carolina General Assembly. In 1990, the lower portion of the Little Pee Dee, from US Highway 378 to its confluence with the Great Pee Dee, was designated as a Scenic River. In 2002, the 70-mile section of the Great Pee Dee from US Highway 378 down to Winyah Bay was also designated a Scenic River. The proposed management plan will serve as a guide to protection and improvement of the two rivers.
The 16 question survey will gather data and opinions from local citizens who use and enjoy these rivers and define what issues need to be addressed in a management plan. This input will enable DNR staff, to focus on what users value about the rivers, what they perceive as threats, what they see as opportunities, and what can be done to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.027719
Retrieved Text: The river cleanup was part of a series of events in September designed to help people “fall in love with the Spokane River.” Pictured to the right is Keith Nelson of AUS pulling a bike from the river.
A week in the waters of the Spokane River trolling for trash left us with new perspective, along with seven tons of somewhat-slimy stuff.
As a complement to the significant work that’s under way to improve water quality in the Spokane River, the City of Spokane and several partners put together what we dubbed a “barge cleanup” to remove larger pieces of garbage in the river between Division and Hamilton streets.
A boat with a winch, joined by divers and a platform compiled of floating docks to serve as a barge, was used to remove larger items that have been discarded in the river over the years. The boat and its crew worked for a week to remove what they could.
Shopping carts, bicycle parts, and tires literally littered the river bottom. Crews also pulled out a safe, a sink, a ski, a roller blade, cart parts, a park bench, and two wagon wheels, among other things. Around the bridges, in particular, the trash piled up.
Crew members reported that they didn’t get all the trash in this small stretch of the river, and of course, there’s plenty more river that could use this kind of cleanup effort. We’re going to evaluate whether it makes sense to plan another barge cleanup in the future.
Our thanks to our partners on this project: Spokane Riverkeeper,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.016914
Retrieved Text: Arranged over two floors River Cottage has a beautiful double bedroom with a triple aspect, offering unforgettable views of the Blackwater river. It really is what dreams are made of and is completed by an open fire.
Downstairs is the bathroom with shower. There is also a small kitchenette with sink, fridge and microwave.
River Cottage provides a romantic setting for up to 2 people on a beautiful private estate.
It can be used as part of an exclusive estate rental for up to 65 guests or simply for a romantic weekend in the beautiful Irish countryside.
Nestled away, just outside Youghal is the most divine “Brigadoon” type world… To those of ye lucky enough to stay there it’s called Ballynatray Estate.! River Cottage, my self contained accommodation was right on the edge of The Blackwater River… and what looked like an hundred acre wood was just across the way… My bedroom was fab… so many windows … natural light streaming in through them… A wonderful fire place, which made you wish it was the middle of winter…. so you could snuggle up!!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.009504
Retrieved Text: When we refer to rivers that flow downhill, we call the path that they follow their course. Most rivers have upper, middle and lower courses. The former is closest to the source of the river and the latter is closest to the mouth of the river. Naturally, the course that a river follows affects the landscape that surrounds the river because of processes like erosion.
We can also see deposition occurring along the course of rivers. This is where materials are picked up by the river and deposited somewhere else. Generally, either erosion or deposition will be a dominant force.
There are two ways in which you might be asked to identify a river during your examination, they are long profile and cross profile. The cross profile simply shows us a cross-section of the river, while the long profile shows us how the gradient changes over the course of the river.
If you are offered a cross profile diagram of a V-shaped valley with steep sides and what appears to be a small amount of water in the bottom, then that usually means that you are looking at the upper course of a river, where the gradient is steep.
If you are offered a cross profile diagram of a valley that appears to have sides that slope gently and quite a deep channel of water in the bottom, then that usually means that you are looking at the middle course of a river, where the gradient is medium.
If you are offered a cross profile diagram of a valley that appears

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.9990425
Retrieved Text: It’s one of the most popular questions, everybody asks, “how can I manifest what I want faster? How can I get what I want faster?” The key to manifesting what you want faster is your vibration.
For a moment I would like you to imagine that you are looking at a river directly in front of you, I’d like you to imagine a river that is filled with boulders and debris and junk and rubbish all over the place, all the length of that river… now I’d like you to imagine water flowing through that river. Can you imagine the obstruction of the flow of water down that river? The boulders, the rubbish, all the things that are in the way prevents the river from flowing as smoothly and as quickly as it could.
Now I’d like you to use your hand, your imaginary hand and push that river aside. Now I’d like you to imagine another river and in that river, there’s no boulder, there’s no garbage, there’s nothing obstructing the flow of water as it moves through the river.
In the first vision, those boulders and that rubbish that you see in the river represents your thinking, your thoughts. When you have thoughts of doubt and you have thoughts of wanting or frustration, those thoughts are like boulders in the path and they prevent you, your energy from flowing through that river. They prevent your desires from flowing through that river as quickly as you would like them to.
That energy that is required for you to manifest

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.9901705
Retrieved Text: Steering Committee to Get Serious about River Fix?
UPDATE: The images below were created by mirrorpond.info, a site run by Old Bend Neighborhood Assoc. They were not created by the Mirror Pond Steering Committee, as originally reported.
The Mirror Pond Steering Committee (MPSC) mirrorpond.info just posted the following images, depicting the Deschutes River NOW and what it COULD look like as it flows through Drake Park. Dramatic change.
Wide, warm and shallow makes for an unhealthy river.
A more narrow channel means deeper, faster, colder water. Better for river health and better for the community.
1) Look! It's (closer) to a river again! Closer to appearing as it does upstream, flowing through the Old Mill. A move in the right direction. Long term solutions! River health! Science over sentiment!
2) The overhead image of the river in its current state (the first one) is appalling. Now we can see JUST HOW BAD IT IS.
3) But look at all the added green space in the second image. That's more land for parks, picnics, Frisbee, walking, date nights, softball, foam sword battles, impromptu concerts, dog walking and cartwheeling.
(If you're struggling to get your bearings, note the bridge spanning the river in both images. That's the wooden walking bridge at Drake Park. Also note the softball fields by Harmon Park on the westside of the river).
To catch up on the current state of the Deschutes River and what the options are for the river at Drake Park read our news story, "Blowing the Dam."

================



======= Instance Index 7259 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What are flowers for?" and the following answer choices: 
- Collecting water
 - produce offspring
 - Reproductive organs
 - Food
 - vegetation
 - Bacteria growth
 - passenger pigeons
 - members of their own species

Now knowing that plants have specialized reproductive organs and plants produce flowers for reproduction, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Reproductive organs

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.896547
Retrieved Text: We are doing a musical sort of chairs hop each day you will comment on a different blog.
The order of the hop is: Candy Slabaugh, Tracey Fehr, Sandra Carey, Tracy McLennon, Monica Edwards, Janet Saieva and Marie Gamber. If you get lost at any point make sure you come back here to find the next blog in the hop! Have lots of fun and good luck!
I created this card using Cascading Fuschia collection and some dies from the Flowering Dogwood collection using some foamiran.
I Love creating and shaping flowers for my cards. Heartfelt Creations make it so easy. Love your card so Pretty!
These flowers are so beautiful! Very elegant card. Happy Birthday Heartfelt Creations!
Never even thought of using foam your flowers are devine. Thank you.
Such a vibrant pink so lovely for the card you have made wow!
The card is beautiful love those flowers.
Beautiful card! Love how your flowers turned out.
OMG....love the foamiran flowers...beautiful card. I just recently have been using foamiran and it's so wonderful to work with. Love your post today.
Your flowers are stunning atop of the gorgeous card. Everything you put together is stunning, thank you for sharing.
Such a beautiful card... love the soft colors!
The flowers are amazingly flawless.
Love your card!!!! Having an amazing time doing this blog hop!!
Gorgeous card! Loving those foamiran flowers.
The color of pink you used on your flowers is breath taking!
Eauriful card and the flowers are stunning. Thank you for sharing with us and have a great day.
Love the flowering dogwood!! Congrats to HC for 20 years!!
Wow, your card is

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.813018
Retrieved Text: Choosing the flowers for your wedding can be a big decision. You have to decide what colors you want, how much your wedding budget will allow you to spend, what types of floral displays you want, how many bouquets and vases to purchase, and what kinds of flowers you want to use.
One of the challenges of choosing your wedding flowers is that each type of flower is only available during certain times of year. While we can't change when the flowers are in season, we can make your decision-making process a little bit easier! The team at WhereBridesGo.com did some research on which kinds of flowers are available during what times of year. Here's what we found.
We hope this month-by-month list of flowers will help make your wedding planning process easier! Which flowers will you choose for your wedding? We'd love to know! Tweet your flowers to @WhereBridesGo.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.751125
Retrieved Text: For the best and freshest flowers in Riverside, Mullens Flowers has exactly what you’re looking for! Check out our wide selection of flower arrangements to make your next occasion memorable.
For the perfect flower arrangement, look no further than Mullens Flowers in Riverside, CA. Our expert florists beautifully arrange flowers and gift baskets for any occasion – all while providing you with the best customer service. Need a last-minute gift? Mullens Flowers is pleased to offer same day floral delivery throughout the greater Riverside area. We also provide nationwide delivery through our network of trusted florists!
What’s the perfect gift for any occasion? Fresh flowers from Mullens Flowers, your local florist in Riverside, CA! We offer all kinds of beautiful bouquets, from Mother’s Day flowers and birthday flowers, to Valentine’s Day or anniversary flowers – so you’re sure to find the right gift for that special someone! We also offer sympathy & funeral flowers or get well flowers to help you show how much you care. No matter what your taste or your budget, trust Mullens Flowers for professional floral delivery in Riverside. Mullens Flowers in Riverside makes sending fresh flowers easy! Browse our website and order online or call the shop to place your order. We can even create custom gift baskets which make the perfect gift your upcoming special occasion. Whether you want to send a gift to a friend in Riverside or a relative across the country, trust Mullens Flowers in Riverside for beautiful bouquets that fit your budget.
For the best flowers in Riverside, Mullens

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.677793
Retrieved Text: One of the biggest parts of a wedding is the flowers that are included. There are flowers for the bouquets, flowers for the church, and flowers for the mothers, grandmothers, groom, and ushers, as well as centerpieces for the reception.
Something that should be taken into consideration when selecting the flowers to use in a wedding is that sometimes there are people who have allergies and may be affected by the scent of the flowers.
When you are choosing the type of flowers for your wedding, think about yourself and your attendants especially. Are there any sensitive noses? The last thing that you will need on your wedding day Is to have yourself or one of your attendants having a sneezing fit in the middle of the ceremony.
Once you have chosen what type of flower you want to have for your wedding, the next thing is to decide on the colors. Usually the colors for bridesmaids and groomsmen will correspond to the colors of the bridesmaids’ dresses for the bouquets. But when it comes to the grandmothers and mothers flowers it may be a good idea to find out what color their dresses will be so their flowers will match.
So that there aren’t a lot of flowers left over from the reception, it’s not a bad idea to mark a chair and whoever sits in that chair gets to take home the centerpiece. This way the flowers can be enjoyed for longer than a day and you don’t have to worry about what to do with them.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.646759
Retrieved Text: White is the traditional colour associated with weddings so if you’re looking to have an elegant white wedding, then you’ve come to the right place as Aberdeen flowers have a beautiful whites collection. First and foremost when selecting wedding flowers, you must ensure your flowers are of premium quality as this is very important. At Aberdeen flowers, the florists only work with the best of the best as all of our flowers are cultivated in Holland then directly imported to our shop. Holland, the western region of the Netherlands, is renowned for cultivating some of the finest flowers in the whole world which is why we can confidently say that from us, you won’t receive anything short of perfection. You are able to browse online through our elegant whites collection to get a general taste for the sort of work our talented Aberdeen florists are able to produce. You can also see what sort of flowers are used in the elegant whites collection from beautiful calla lilies to traditional white roses to charming tulips and cymbidium orchids as well as many other flowers. Our talented florists in Aberdeen have had many years of experience in the floristry industry and with that comes a lot of experience when it comes to wedding flowers. We understand that every wedding is unique which is why everything we do for weddings is unique to you. With all our orders, we tailor everything specifically to you and your tastes and your visions as flowers are very personal. For any further information

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.633432
Retrieved Text: Easy website to order flowers from, and the flower delivery is pretty quick as well. Flower Delivery is a great florist for when I'm out of town on business and need to send gifts to loved ones in Barton-under-Needwood.
Order Flowers Barton-under-Needwood Before 3pm for Next Day Delivery!
Looking for flower delivery in Barton-under-Needwood DE13?
Professional Florists Barton-under-Needwood DE13, send flowers Barton-under-Needwood Today!
We offer Wedding Flowers Barton-under-Needwood , Valentines Day Flowers Barton-under-Needwood, New Baby Flowers Barton-under-Needwood, Mothers Day Flowers Barton-under-Needwood, Funeral Flowers Barton-under-Needwood, Birthday Flowers Barton-under-Needwood, Anniversary Flowers Barton-under-Needwood. Buy online Today!
Thanks to Flower Delivery, you may get traditional, fresh, wonderfully collected fresh flowers that are guaranteed to bring a cheerful smile on the face of the someone you care.
All florists here in Barton-under-Needwood strive to impress and fully understand you also do, which explains why you only prefer the best flower design for the loved one.
This is why our staff will definitely strive to find out what it is exactly that you are looking for, they'll prepare a great flower design in one of our flower shops located in Barton-under-Needwood, and definitely will then manage flower delivery throughout DE13, providing you a really full support. We will supply you with a helping hand - send flowers by post throughout Barton-under-Needwood with us.
Need Flowers Delivered in Barton-under-Needwood? Send Flowers to Barton-under-Needwood Today!
Our top priority at Flower Delivery is without a doubt to supply you with an amazing, simple and easy and highly effective support if you're thinking of purchasing low priced flowers across Barton-under-Needwood for just about any occasion.
Our

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.632118
Retrieved Text: Whenever it comes to finding the perfect gift for Mother’s Day the very first thing that comes into anyone’s mind is that flowers are the must. This is most probably because all the women are known generally to be in love with flowers. And mothers definitely love the flowers more because they are gifted by their beloved children to them. Every one knows that the flowers are the most appropriate gift for Mother’s Day but the actual thing is to choose the right flowers the ones that are perfect for your mother over this very special day. You should always choose the florists that you know whether it’s the local florists or an online florist. If you go for a new florist you will always need to do some research so you may be sure that you are going to get the thing that you actually want. You can also consult some other people that you know who may have used the services of the website for flower delivery or the florist.
The first thing you need to decide is that what type of floral arrangement you want a small or delicate one or the big one that will depend on the personality of your mother. What flowers you can choose will also depend on your budget. If you want to say everything through the flowers than go for the best floral arrangement you find and if you plan to spend less on flowers and buy another gift with it than you’ll have to settle for definitely

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.626787
Retrieved Text: Description of the Concept: a monthly flower subscription service that delivers simple bunches of seasonal flowers to your home.
What we need: A logo for FLOWERBOMB for our website and product.
Brief: Flowerbomb is about providing beautiful simple bunches of flowers to brighten your home. We do not provide mixed bouquets like everyone else does. Each delivery is one type of flower, that is in season.
We are appealing to middle class affluent women.
We want the tone to be modern, unfussy, slightly irreverent and fun.
Here is what Flower Bomb is: Flowers that aren't old fashioned no bows, no bouquets, no ribbons; Flowers that are bright; Flowers that are natural; Flowers that are in season; Flowers that are not afraid to be simply flowers.
We would like a logo to reflect this.
Specifics: We would like a vector based graphic files, which include up to two variations of the logo.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.609985
Retrieved Text: Lifestyle flowers are the perfect gift or the perfect decoration for your own home as a vase of flowers can brighten up any room. Edinburgh flowers have a lovely range of lifestyle flowers on offer. These floral designs are elegant, chic and modern however they are perfect for anyone as flowers transcend taste and are appealing for most people. Up on the Edinburgh flowers website you can browse through the lovely arrangements the florists have already created. All the flowers used for these gorgeous designs have been cultivated and then imported directly to the Edinburgh flower shop from Holland. A western region of the Netherlands, Holland is renowned for the premium quality in flowers cultivated there meaning that the flowers the Edinburgh florists use are also of the best possible quality. The Edinburgh florists have over forty years of experience under their belts when it comes to floristry so you can be rest assured that your orders are being arranged by capable hands. The expertise and passion for floristry the Edinburgh florists have is poured fully into each and every order placed and they will not stop until they are positive that they have done their absolute best. All bouquets are artfully arranged with a dome-like formation created by a perfect balance of flowers, foliage and filler flowers. The Dutch cultivators provide the florists with a massive selection of flowers ranging from traditional roses to elegant roses, delphiniums, gladioli, anthurium, freesias as well as lush foliage such as pittos and eucalyptus leaves as well as fillers

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.60564
Retrieved Text: Flowers for mother's day ... again?!
Mother’s Day is coming – yes, the time when we want to show a special attention to our mother but don’t always know what to give. Motherhood is all about the practical stuff – for mother’s day, why not give something that’s all about pleasure?
Call us biased, but we think flowers are perfect! There are flowers and flowering plants for all tastes and all budgets, they fit in any home and they are 100% gift. No wonder, then, if flowers are always a popular gift for mother’s day!
What are your mom’s favourite flowers? Are there any flowers whose colours, shape or smell she really likes? Roses, orchids and lilies are always favourites.
Would your mom prefer flowers or a flowering plant?
Does you mom already have vases or should you send one? You might prefer to send flowers in a vase so she doesn’t need to worry about arranging them. Floral arrangements are also easy to handle and to care for.
Will she be at home on mother’s day, or should you send the flowers in advance?
Traditionally flowor has been the gifts for mother... i think now a day gifts basket also can be for mother as well. The most important thing is all mother are happy.
Flowers are still a great gift for Mother's Day! Mom's always love the thought of adding some pretty flowers to their table!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.593587
Retrieved Text: Our flowers have been bloomin' like KERAZY just for her!
I miss you bunches Miss Dory.....you brought more joy to Blogville than any flowers ever could.
Your smile was the light of Blogville.
And, your heart touched us all.
You have such pretty and unique flowers there, Ruby. We love them all. Watch out for that bee - don't let him bite you.
Dory really was everyone's sweetheart.
How beautiful. When Mom was a pilot she was based out in the desert in California, then with the airlines in Palm Springs and Santa Ana. She misses the beautiful flowers out there. Thanks for brightening our day.
You have some very exotic and beautiful flowers, Ruby. I bet Dory is amazed and smiling!
Ruby your flowers are beautiful and unique! So many wonderful flowers for Dory today!
What beautimous flowers Ruby...thank you so much for sharing them!
What beautifur flowers fur Dory! We all miss her!
Ruby, what fabulous flowers. They're all stunning! Dory would love them! We do.
Ruby darlin' you have the eye of a florist and the heart of a really good and true Friend. I know Angel Dory and her peeps are smiling big Dory smiles today a the Dory pink flowers. Just lovely and as Charlie said...mom got a little chuckle out of the dang bee photobombing and I think Angel Dory would have told him he was not dress well enough to be in the photos. Everybuddy knows he either needed a hat or neckwear.
Wonderful flowers and even the bee came to send love to Dory and her mom!
You are right about two

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.588074
Retrieved Text: RETURN THE LOVE... SEND FLOWERS! To Send a Fresh Flower Arrangement in the Honolulu, HI area, Call LINA B FLOWERS Direct or Order Flowers Online 24/7.
Sending flowers but having trouble deciding on the perfect arrangement? Best Sellers are a great choice for you. No matter what the occasion or who you are sending to, let LINA B FLOWERS help you find what you're looking for in the Best Sellers section. Call or click today!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.583539
Retrieved Text: What better way to celebrate Easter than with the candy-colors of springtime? Think you're too old for an Easter basket? Think again! Order a lush basket of Easter flowers from Flowers & Gifts By Joan for yourself or any bunny who needs a little pick-me-up! Whether your style is bright and cheery gerbera dasies, or powdery pastel lilies, this Rome florist has you covered!
Having a hard time deciding on the perfect gift for dad? Flowers & Gifts By Joan can help! Send dad a artistically crafted floral tribute to show him how much you care. Perhaps your dad is the type that would prefer a gift basket filled with his favorite snacks! Whether your dad lives in Rome, or clear across the country, we've got you covered!
Say "thanks" with a beautiful Thanksgiving cornucopia. For your Thanksgiving Day flowers, think Flowers & Gifts By Joan for the best in autumn beauty. Who could resist the golden browns, rustic reds and cheerful oranges? Whether you're hosting a Thanksgiving day feast, or simply getting together with close family, flowers are always welcome around the table. Have extended family who cannot make it in for the holiday? Say you are thankful for them by sending Thanksgiving flowers to their home. Just give Flowers & Gifts By Joan a call and we'll take care of the rest.
Flowers never fail to bring a smile to someone's face. Who could use a smile more than your boss? Flowers & Gifts By Joan can help you choose a fantastic floral arrangement that's sure to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.5443325
Retrieved Text: RETURN THE LOVE... SEND FLOWERS! To Send a Fresh Flower Arrangement in the Haughton, LA area, Call Mom and Us Specialty Flowers & Gifts Direct or Order Flowers Online 24/7.
Sending flowers but having trouble deciding on the perfect arrangement? Best Sellers are a great choice for you. No matter what the occasion or who you are sending to, let Mom and Us Specialty Flowers & Gifts help you find what you're looking for in the Best Sellers section. Call or click today!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.537101
Retrieved Text: There are many occasions which require a floral garnish to compliment your outfit. Occasions such as ceilidhs, school dances and wedding ceremonies to name a few so if you are in need of a flower to wear, look no further as florists Aberdeen is the place for you. Our Aberdeen florists have over forty years of experience in the floristry business under their belts so you can be rest assured your orders will be arranged by capable hands. First and foremost, all of the flowers our Aberdeen florists work with have been imported from a number of different locations, including Holland. Holland is a region of the Netherlands renowned for producing some of the finest flowers in world which means that the quality you receive from four seasons florists is also of the highest calibre. Combined with over four deliveries per week, not only are these flowers of the best quality but they are also the freshest. This means that the flowers have a high longevity so they will stay perfectly fresh for the entirety of your occasion. Four seasons florists Aberdeen have a wide selection of flowers to wear designs so no matter what it is you’re after, we are sure to have it. On our website, you are able to browse through the selection of flowers to wear we have on offer however if nothing catches your eye, then you are able to use our bespoke service. Through the bespoke service, you are able to specify what flowers you would like as well as

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.530686
Retrieved Text: Send Mom flowers for Mother's Day! Mother's Day is Sunday, May 13th, 2018. Our 2018 Teleflora Mother's Day Flowers catalogue features stunning flowers specially crafted just for Mom. Canada Flowers delivers Teleflora flowers in Ardmore every day. We are honoured yearly as a leading worldwide Teleflora florist. We are Canada Flowers, Ardmore's Local Florist. Featuring prices in Canadian dollars. There are no extra service fees and satisfaction is guaranteed. Browse our Canada Flowers Original Mother's Day Flowers to see what else we have to offer.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.52382
Retrieved Text: Choosing local flowers for your wedding is all about what is in season and making a conscious choice about where your flowers come from. In the same manner that strawberries are not available in Western New York in January, neither are Peonies. You have to think, where did my food come from….Mexico? Or, where did my peonies come from….? Peonies are spring flowers, usually in season in May, and possibly June. Shipped in flowers, use a tremendous amount of waste in packaging and are often of poor quality, producing even more waste.
Making a conscious choice to use local flowers involves awareness of what is in season. See our seasonal chart for what to expect. Remember, however, that weather influences how early or late a crop may be, and although there can be no guarantee regarding the availability of a certain flower, there is always something beautiful growing in the color, texture, or shape you desire.
Some guidance regarding choosing your wedding flowers involves first deciding what level of service you require. Will you be “doing it all yourself” and require only buckets of flowers, or some combination, as having our farm make and design your bouquets, boutineers, etc., and you make the table arrangements? Or would you rather have full service?
Flowers are sold by the stem, the bunch (usually 10 stems), a growers bunch (usually a good handful of smaller, wispier flowers), or the bucket (depending on the flowers, 60-80). Certain specialty flowers as dahlias, sunflowers, peonies, lisianthus, and hydrangeas are sold by the stem, may cost

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.519567
Retrieved Text: Inky Fairy Designs: CardMaker + Faber Castell Blog Hop: Paper Flowers Kit!
CardMaker + Faber Castell Blog Hop: Paper Flowers Kit!
Hi everyone! Today the CardMaker Blog Team is joining up with Faber-Castell Design Memory Craft for a fun blog hop featuring their new Paper Flowers Kit! You should have come to my blog from the CardMaker Blog but if you didn't - be sure to head back over there for the FULL hop list as well as details on this fun hop today. I had a lot of fun creating my flowers for my card today using this kit and I can't wait to see what everyone else has made because the possibilities are limitless with all the fun product provided in the kit! Also, you want to make it all the way to the end when you land on the Faber-Castell Design Memory Craft Blog because I hear they have an AWESOME giveaway for you to enter!
I created a video showing you this fun kit as well as my process for the card I'm sharing today! I hope you will join me in my studio today.
You can see I used a fun background panel that had some resist images already printed on it and the Metallic Melon and Lemon Gelatos Colors to create a beautiful watercolor background for my card.
How fun are these paper flowers!? I love the layered look and the crepe paper texture. I tried coloring some of the crepe paper but ended up using it plain as my base for my flower instead

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.518717
Retrieved Text: Flower Ideas for girls online at NetFlorist today!
Buy Flowers for Girls Online from NetFlorist!
When we think girls, we immediately think pink and when we are looking for gifts for girls, our eyes immediately go to the pinkest, most girly looking gift. And what is a girlier gift than receiving a bouquet of flowers?
It’s not uncommon for little girls to want to receive flowers from someone too. The often see it on the telly and they love it when dad rocks up at the end of the day with a bouquet of flowers in his one hand, and a teddy bear toy in the other, so it is obvious that little girls will associate flowers with happy memories.
That’s why, at NetFlorist, we have a range of beautiful flowers for girls that will warm their hearts and fill it with joy. We have beautiful flowers in different shades of pink that is perfect for spoiling little Emma after she finished first at her ballet recital or for any other occasion for that matter. If you are looking to buy flowers for girls, we have some flower ideas for girls for you.
Let’s think pink for now, shall we? What little girl doesn’t like roses? We have a variety of rose bouquets and rose arrangement for you to pick and choose from and is a wonderful gift for congratulating Becky on getting an A in that exam! If you are looking to buy roses for girls, then we will definitely suggest going with an arrangement of roses mixed with other

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.504797
Retrieved Text: Sending flowers for a funeral or the grieving family is a long-standing tradition to convey your sympathy and let those mourning know that you care when words fail. However, in today’s modern age, with a wide variety of cultures and religious beliefs as well many types of funeral services and celebrations of life, it can be daunting to determine what are the best flowers for a funeral.
Before deciding on what flowers to choose for a funeral, it is important to keep in mind some etiquette guidelines. First, find out the family’s wishes. If the family asks for donations to a charity instead of flowers, respect their wishes.
Next, ask a family member who you are comfortable with if there are any specific guidelines regarding flowers and the deceased’s religious beliefs. Religions have different mores with respect to having flowers displayed during a funeral. In some cases, flowers—or specific flower shapes and colours—may not be even be appropriate.
Carefully consider the person who is deceased. What was his or her personality? Did he or she have a favourite flower? Again, talking to a close family member can help you in your selection to match your floral arrangement with the personality of one who has passed.
Furthermore, determining the best flowers for a funeral may also depend on the specific circumstances of the deceased; for example, special floral arrangements may be created to pay tribute to fallen soldiers, veterans or children. If you find yourself looking for what kind of flowers to send to a funeral in these instances, be sure

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.504205
Retrieved Text: Send Congratulations Flowers To Kuwait and Stun your loved ones with gorgeous Congratulations flower arrangements offered only at Send Flowers to Kuwait. Flowers signify an unbreakable bond between you and your loved ones, and our exclusive "Congratulations Flowers Delivery" In Kuwait, embellish the flower arrangements in a beautiful manner to enhance the feeling of togetherness that you want to covey to your special someone. We Also Offer Standing Flower Arrangements For New Office And House Warming Parties So What Are You Waiting For? Send Congratulations Flowers To Kuwait Now!
Send Congratulations Gifts to Kuwait using exclusive Congratulations Gifts delivery services offered by Send Flowers To Kuwait. This Season we have come up with an exclusive collection of Congratulations flowers and gifts for you loved ones in Kuwait. So just don't wait! Book your Congratulations Gifts Delivery In Kuwait Now!
If you are looking for Congratulations Flowers delivery in Kuwait or you want to Send Congratulations Gifts to Kuwait then, Send Flowers to Kuwait will provide you flawless services at the most reasonable pricing. With hundreds of peerless floral arrangements and gifts, send flowers to Kuwait provides maximum variety to the customers. So what are you waiting for? Book your Congratulations Gifts Delivery In Kuwait Now!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.494797
Retrieved Text: Use the form below to tell us a little more about what you are looking for! We will get back to you shortly.
What kind of event are these flowers for?
Are there particular colors or flowers you would like?
How many bouquets would you like?
On what date would you like to pick up your flowers?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.487428
Retrieved Text: You MUST use the focal and clasp (but not necessarily in the same piece) and that you use all, any, or none of the coordinating beads sent to you. You can make one piece or many.
I was absolutely blown away by the gorgeous collection of Delicas that Annita sent. Totally all "my" colors. Those pinks were amazing, and I just loved the shade of the greens and that cream colored delica with a copper lining!!!OOOOOOEEEEEEEE!!! I was in heaven. I knew I wanted to do something special with those wonderful seed beads. So I got started with the gorgeous little herringbone flower clusters I saw in Melinda Barta's Mastering Herringbone book.
Oops - broke a couple needles along the way!
But I kept going and made several of these little flowers, that reminded me of the brass filigree focal in my soup.
Next up was the awesome pink quartz stone. This pretty stone was so pretty on it's own I didn't want to do much with it so I bezeled it with a some pale pink 15/0's and added a little fringe.
How cool is this clasp?
Put it all together and I have my Bead Soup Blog Party piece!
I have a few other pieces in the works, as my soup was very generous, but this is all I had complete for today's reveal. A special thanks to my BSBP partner Annita - I truly loved the 'ingredients' in my bead soup!! And of course a huge debt of gratitude to Lori for hosting this event, even through the challenges of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.486246
Retrieved Text: Experience the colors of paradise by giving beautiful tropical flowers like orchids, Heliconia or Anthurium today. Shop Online!
Tropical Flowers are known as exotic flowers naturally enhanced to give the breathtaking fragrance and brilliance of beauty. If you are raring for the exquisite gift for your loveliest ones then send these inflorescence un-branched tropical flowers to sedate them in the most peaceful and calming environment. Send tropical flowers unmatched bouquet to honor the celebrations of birthday, wedding anniversary to tiny wishes like Get Well Soon, Congratulations.
On your special day of the wedding you can ask for tropical wedding flowers in USA to adorn the beauty of your heartiest hand. Tropical flowers are now available in every shape. You can send bouquet and basket gifting of best selling tropical flowers to add more freshness at recipient’s premises. You can send signature tropical best flower basket, Rainbow Sword Basket, Mad with You potted roses, Cut flowers. Oh My! Options are endless to win the heart of your loveliest ones. You just need to click and give the orders to our customer executive.
Place aside all your work when your favorite ones are approaching for any celebration or party soon. Fell them your special sentiments with ordering the tropical flowers to your closest ones doorsteps. Flowers aura will just not allow all your emotions to speak out and sooth their hearts too.
Tropical flowers delivery across USA is available with us. We provide special grown and fresh farm picked flowers to blossom your relation and get the long lasting fragrance in your

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.484451
Retrieved Text: Send flowers to usa We offer a wide variety of bulk flowers that are of high quality and beautiful, our flowers are delivered direct farm to ensure freshness, we offer a delivery service of quality and our flowers are very affordable compared to our competitors. send flowers to usa Flowers like carnations and daisies tend to last much longer than the average cut flower and you can expect these beautiful flowers to be cheaper.
When you are away from your family for months, the hearts of your loved ones aspire to return to India. wedding flowers offer a kind of diversity that is really confusing at times. Lately, everything and everyone seems to be a participant in this very rapid exchange of ideas, in which most people are blogging and posting everything and minutes any idea that comes across their mind. Gift when they are paired with flowers will produce the required effect, which will make your beloved really love you all the more. send flowers to usa If you're not sure about your choice of flowers or other bases wedding, do not place your order again until you have carefully thought about it and decided on what you need and what you want is what you are going to order. They hold flowers in beautiful baskets and vases designer to further accentuate the beauty of flowers. When buying flowers wholesale wedding of the Amazon, we recommend that you buy in bulk. It is beautifully crafted to express your love with its gorgeous combination of color and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.484011
Retrieved Text: Sending flowers to a funeral is one of the best ways to show your condolences to the grieving family. Flowers say what words can not. They convey the love and joy that the deceased brought to the world. A beautiful arrangement can be uplifting to the spirits of those suffering such a great loss. But it is important when sending flowers, to keep these common mistakes in mind, and to avoid them if you can.
You aren’t just sending the flowers to the family of the deceased, you are sending them for the one they lost. Try to choose an arrangement that makes a difference. What was their favorite color? What flowers did they like? Sympathy flowers represent the person we are mourning. They are a celebration of the life that they lived. Everything, from the flowers in the arrangement, to the message on the card, should feel personal.
Many people send flowers to a funeral without a message attached. The message attached to the arrangement you send is something meaningful. It is a chance to express your sympathy and support. Whether it is a personal message, or a comforting note, the card is there for you to show your support in a personal way, to the immediate family.
Many people assume that sympathy flowers are only for the funeral. You can send flowers to the home of the grieving family. Grief doesn’t end at the funeral. Sending flowers to their home shows the family that you are thinking about them and the deceased. It can be a good

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.478992
Retrieved Text: One of the best things about working in the wedding industry in the Philadelphia region is all the amazing people we get to meet who are building their brilliant businesses, one happy couple at a time. We’ll be highlighting some of these wonderful folks with our new series: our Philadelphia vendor spotlight. And for this segment we would like to introduce Leona Davis from Forget me Knot Flowers.
I have had the absolute pleasure of chatting with Leona Davis about her company Forget Me Knot Flowers, located in Haddonfield New Jersey. As I learned more about this giving business, I am blown away at the kind venture that this woman has created. We met Leona at a Heart & Dash Lady Boss event. This is yet another group of individuals working to make our area a better place and who we just love. Upon meeting her and learning of her donation-based business, I just needed to know more. And I also want to inform others of her services so that it may grow and be even more successful. So take a look and see what she had to say about her business. And consider donating after your wedding or next major flower-worthy event.
Tell us about Forget Me Knot Flowers; how do you describe what you do to folks who are entirely unfamiliar?
Describing what we do is very easy. People understand love, flowers, sharing and being less wasteful. Now put that all together and you have something that people ‘get’! At Forget Me Knot Flowers, we share the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.4787445
Retrieved Text: Looking for bouquets near Brookfield, Illinois? Depending on the time of year, Brookfield bouquets may be a fitting way to display the flowers of the season. Many florists try to integrate flowers and natural elements that are in season, and local to the area.
Brookfield, Illinois bouquets are beautiful no matter what the season or event. Perhaps you are hosting an autumn fundraiser. Bursts of ...Read moreLooking for bouquets near Brookfield, Illinois? Depending on the time of year, Brookfield bouquets may be a fitting way to display the flowers of the season. Many florists try to integrate flowers and natural elements that are in season, and local to the area.
Brookfield, Illinois bouquets are beautiful no matter what the season or event. Perhaps you are hosting an autumn fundraiser. Bursts of orange foliage and rust colored dahlias make gorgeous fall bouquets. A winter event may call for berries, pinecones, and other wintry features. Though it is possible to get most flowers at any time of year, seasonal floral bouquets blend into the setting seamlessly.
Most florists enjoy the creativity adding in seasonal flowers and greenery to create one-of-a kind bouquets in Brookfield, Illinois. Contact local florists in to see what kinds of flowers are in season, and ask how they can create a bridal bouquet or other flower bouquet that is perfect for the season.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.475273
Retrieved Text: What better way to celebrate Easter than with the candy-colors of springtime? Think you're too old for an Easter basket? Think again! Order a lush basket of Easter flowers from ALLURE FLOWERS AND GIFTS for yourself or any bunny who needs a little pick-me-up! Whether your style is bright and cheery gerbera dasies, or powdery pastel lilies, this Woodland Hills florist has you covered!
Show your team how much you care this Administrative Professionals Day by sending a bouquet of fresh flowers. Your staff will be delighted to receive a special gift from you and will be able to enjoy them all week long! Administrative Professionals Day is all about showing your appreciation to your staff. Let ALLURE FLOWERS AND GIFTS take care of everything for you, all you have to do is call, click or stop by!
Send mom your love this year through a beautiful bouquet of her favorite flowers. Mother's Day is your time to show mom just how much you appreciate her and everything she has done. Let ALLURE FLOWERS AND GIFTS help you say "Thinking of you, mom" and "I love you always" with flowers -- no matter if you live here in Woodland Hills, or across the country. Simply click any of the beautiful Mother's Day flower arrangements above to order online!
Having a hard time deciding on the perfect gift for dad? ALLURE FLOWERS AND GIFTS can help! Send dad a artistically crafted floral tribute to show him how much you care. Perhaps your dad is the type that would prefer a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.471552
Retrieved Text: Our professional and friendly florists at Turriff flowers have a fantastic selection of flowers to suit all occasions, from birthdays to anniversaries and new borns to new houses, Turriff flowers have everything you need to send a smile to someone special. Turriff Flowers are dedicated to providing top quality service and products. Turriff Flowers have a team of artistic and skilled florists who endeavour to make sure no matter what you order that it looks fantastic. Our first priority here at Flowers Turriff is always customer satisfaction and we strive to make sure that everything we make for your recipients will be sure to delight them because all of our Florists Turriff are passionate about creating beautiful things and being a part of your gift giving. Our Flowers Turriff delivery service includes same day delivery, for which we ask that you place your order before 3pm to make sure that our Florists Turriff have all the time they need to create your flowers perfectly and ensure their safe delivery to the correct address. We pride ourselves on our quick and careful delivery here at Flowers Turriff because we want your beautiful flowers to reach your recipients in the best condition possible so that they can enjoy them for longer. When it comes to designing flower arrangements, our Florists Turriff have all the expertise they need and know what is appropriate for every occasion so they will always be able to help you choose if you’re in any doubt over what to send. On the other hand

================



======= Instance Index 3654 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is inevitable?" and the following answer choices: 
- movements in the earth's crust
 - tectonic plates being pushed together
 - religion
 - a hemisphere is tilted away from the sun
 - movement of tectonic plates
 - growth
 - Cells losing ability to divide
 - taxes

Now knowing that aging occurs as cells lose their ability to divide and illness, aging and death are inevitable, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Cells losing ability to divide

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.8978195
Retrieved Text: I’d like to now highlight one of the cool features that has been built into EVA, our generate overview feature. Let’s say you’ve uploaded a brief like I’ve done so here. You see the case treatments above and then you see the brief processed here below. Now let’s say there’s a sentence or a section of the brief and you’d like to know whether there’s any other case law out there that’s relevant. What you would do is you scroll through. Let’s say you want to know more about the following phrase and whether there are any cases out there that have similar language to this. What you do is you highlight it, you click. What EVA will do is it generates five case law results for you that contain similar language. Now let’s say you want to conduct a deeper dive into one of these cases. You click on it, and EVA immediately brings you to the part of the case that has similar language to that language you just highlighted, and as you’ll see here, this case discusses, among other things, the doctrine of inevitable discovery. Now, let’s say you want to know more about what it says about the doctrine of inevitable discovery but you don’t want to read this whole case. What you do is you go up here, you click the generate overview button, you ask, “What is the doctrine of inevitable discovery?” and what EVA will do is it will quickly generate an overview of the case with that question

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.858002
Retrieved Text: What is the Inevitable Hour?
And what will make you realize what the Inevitable Hour is?
As for Thamûd, they were destroyed by an overwhelming blast.
which Allah unleashed on them non-stop for seven nights and eight days, so that you would have seen its people lying dead like trunks of uprooted palm trees.
Do you see any of them left alive?
each disobeying their Lord’s messenger, so He seized them with a crushing grip.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.539053
Retrieved Text: “On the fringe, blood and bullets are the rule of law and if you”re a man with convictions, violence is inevitable.”- John Teller, Founding Member SAMCRO Sons of Anarchy: Men of Mayhem Board Game is a game of money, guns, and violent consequences. Players control rival gangs, competing to be the most successful outlaw club.
“On the fringe, blood and bullets are the rule of law and if you”re a man with convictions, violence is inevitable.”- John Teller, Founding Member SAMCRO Sons of Anarchy: Men of Mayhem Board Game is a game of money, guns, and violent consequences. Players control rival gangs, competing to be the most successful outlaw club. Each turn, players choose what sites of interest to fight for and what territories to yield. Negotiate, threaten, and ally with rival gangs when it serves your needs, but be wary of the inevitable knife in the back. The gang with the most cash at the end wins! 3 to 4 players. For 3 to 4 players. Ages 13 and up. You”re the president of an outlaw club, directing the gang”s criminal enterprises. Strategically order your gang members to occupy key locations and exploit profitable opportunities. Deal with rivals: Bribe, threaten, and bargain with other gangs. When words fail, violence is inevitable. Throw down with your rivals to wreck their plans or settle a score. But the law is always watching. Keep the heat off your back, keep your illicit activities quiet, and keep your members out of jail. When push comes to blood, do you have

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.347609
Retrieved Text: Neako unleashes the first official leak from the tape titled “The Inevitable”. Read below for what Neako says of his latest release.
“The Inevitable” describes the place I’m at in my life right now, how I got here, and of course where I’m going… this song is like 5 days old, it’s all I’ve been playing to see if I was going in the right direction of painting the perfect picture for T.A.T.T.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.278361
Retrieved Text: This course is not about how to avoid making mistakes – as if writing such a course were actually possible – but how to recover as gracefully as possible from the inevitable moments when you wish you could rewind the tape and start over.
The intended audience is anyone in the workplace that is trying hard to develop a career by making decisions and the inevitable mistakes associated with them. It provides insight on what may have led to the mistake, guidance on how to avoid repeating it, how to recover, and repair any damaged relationships. Finally, it looks at what can be learned from them and how to move on with your work life.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.241278
Retrieved Text: 1. Noun. A natural and unavoidable catastrophe that interrupts the expected course of events. "He discovered that his house was not insured against acts of God"
"362, holding In inevitable accident, neither being In fault, ... 313, 16 L. 701, holding collision through fault of one steamer, not inevitable accident; ..."
"inevitable accident. 2. To excuse carrier, force must be above human control, or that of public enemy. 3. Are insurers against fire, except by lightning. ..."
"The expressions, 'act of God' and 'inevitable accident/ have sometimes been used in a similar sense, and as equivalent terms. But there is a distinction. ..."
"inevitable accident.3—Where no negligence or fault can be imputed to either vessel, it will be considered as inevitable accident, though not caused by storm ..."
"inevitable accident OR INSCRUTABLE FAULT 145. Where neither vessel is in fault, ... Meaning of "inevitable accident" A collision arising by inevitable ..."
"Neither ship is liable where the damage has arisen from inevitable Inevitable " inevitable accident " has been defined :e " Where one vessel doing a ..."
"It is not equivalent to inevitable accident. The latter occurs when the cause of ... But if inevitable accident combine with any negligence in the person ..."
"That may be an unavoidable or inevitable accident which no foresight or protection of the ... The term "inevitable accident" as used to represent one of the ..."

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.2263975
Retrieved Text: This gives me comfort in answering for me, what lies after death…especially the recent death of my father. I believe he is still alive waiting to see me again.
Death is inevitable and beautiful. Inevitable because we all know its coming one day, beautiful because in the face of death, everything turns to nothing. All the wealth the world can offer, all the beauty, nature can offer and everything we treasure so much just means nothing no more. Death is what makes life worth living for. I just wish people understand this and live a meaningful life, rather than fighting for wealth and in war.
From the day we are born, we are slowly crawling closer to death and what you do in between these lines will matter the most to us.
« Wake up and vote for who you believe in!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.186726
Retrieved Text: Wars are inevitable... as long as we believe that wars are inevitable. The moment we don't believe it anymore it is not inevitable.
Antiwar.com, like most websites, records a small amount of information about the traffic that it receives.
The information recorded consists of the date and time of a page request, the page requested, the ip address of the requesting device and the browser version and type used. By default this is the only information that is automatically recorded about our visitors.
Some of Antiwar.com’s services ask that the visitor volunteer additional information - in the case of a list signup this would be an email address - in the case of a contribution this would be basic information required by a credit card transaction.
General aggregated visitor information collected by Antiwar.com is used by Antiwar.com to make day-to-day business decisions about the site. Examples of this are determining what countries our users visit the site from, what browsers we need to support, etc.
Voluntary promotion and opt-in service information may be used for our own marketing purposes, or for the marketing purposes of our partners. When this is the case it will be clearly stated. Antiwar.com does not sell, loan or share any of this information with any third party - unless otherwise explicitly stated in promotion rules, terms of service agreements, etc.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.171051
Retrieved Text: I remember that original White Dwarf article coming out!
Publisher's blurb: "The Slaad have a long history in gaming, back to White Dwarf and the Fiend Folio. The Inevitables are more recent creations, but just as strange in their own way.
"Monster Chronicles: The Inevitable takes the tick-tock guardians of order and shows you how to deploy them in a Pathfinder game. Indeed, with insight into what makes the inevitable work (and not work), the Monster Chronicle is positively celestial, but totally practical."

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.150018
Retrieved Text: Have you ever pondered over the fact that each year you celebrate your birth day you are getting close to your death day?
Now, this can be a disturbing thought, but it is true, isn’t it? The moment we were born we have started our journey to death. The inevitable stop yet the most feared destination. In this journey we are meant to face hardships and survive.
Some can predict the future, but what is the point? All of the events in our life whether good or bad are meant to happen and they will happen no matter what. So instead of knowing the future and making your life miserable, enjoy what you are given and what you have at present.
Remember, time doesn’t wait for you nor life wouldn’t change. The inevitable will happen no matter your age.
With every inhalation exhalation of breath we dye and born again. On who celebrate death can never commit a harm to other fellow creatures.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.927844
Retrieved Text: Smanu's Corner: Mere acceleration of the inevitable conclusion!
Mere acceleration of the inevitable conclusion!
Unwarranted medical support, Meaningful Existence, Living Will and the right of self-determination.
Death is certainly better than life, in a case where one has to die every moment to live.
All in all, the Judgement is laudable as it hails "The Right to live with dignity" even if death is the only resort.
But one gap I find is, what about those cases where people go into coma or vegetative state suddenly (let's say coz of accidents), hence do not have a sound mind to give a Living Will well ahead! May be, this too will be covered eventually!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.826411
Retrieved Text: Change is inevitable. Seasons, landscapes, generations, angles. Existence is constantly in a state of flux melting from one manifestation into another, and it always seems effortless. Despite being able to pick out events in time that have altered the course of history, natural or man-made, looking at it in retrospect it always seems inevitable. This is not the 21st century by mistake, it is the product of hundreds of years of evolution of atoms, beings and minds. Viewing it in retrospect the collective existence of everything as it is today, even that which can be identified as negative, is a natural progression of everything that existed.
Mistakes are inevitable in the process of evolution. According to darwinian theory natural mistakes ARE evolution. During the process of DNA replication that our cells must undergo in order to maintain our growth and survival, mistakes are actively happening at an order of multiples per second. Cancer is happening to you even as you’re reading this sentence but when it is incompatible with life, your body actively prevents it. When cancer cells provide a survival advantage they are instead selected for by nature. Babies born with sickle cell disease die from suffocation at high altitudes, but flourish immune to malaria in Africa. Our bodies are in a constant flux of life and death and as long as we are breathing, life is winning. Life continues with effortless synchrony despite every mistake, as if each was a choice, making it all inevitable.
I am the same as my cells and their errors, my

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.8086
Retrieved Text: http://usawatchdog.com/bond-market-bubble-in-search-of-a-pin-doug-casey/ – Doug Casey of CaseyResearch.com warns, "Were going into what I call 'The Greater Depression.' It's going to be much more serious than what happened in the 1930's. . . . A depression is a period of time when most people's standard of living drops significantly." Casey explains, "There is a gigantic amount of debt in the U.S. at all levels—governmental, corporate and individual. Debt is a sign you have been living above your means. It's a debt bubble, and this is a major reason the government wants interest rates low. When interest rates rise, it makes it harder for people in debt to service that debt. They are simply delaying the inevitable at this point, but it is inevitable what is going to happen, and we are going to have a fantastic depression."
On physical gold and silver, Casey says, "Gold is more important to own and perhaps a better bargain now than in 1971 or 2001, and the same is true of silver."
Join Greg Hunter he goes One-on-One with investor Doug Casey, author of the new book titled "Right on the Money."

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.797219
Retrieved Text: She really let the cat out of the bag here, admitting that the left views climate change as a “vehicle” to achieve their social and economic goals.
This brought a laugh from the audience. I guess there’s some sense in which making Trump the face of global energy (oil, gas, coal, etc.) makes sense, but really that system existed long before Trump and will exist long after him. Sanders is just doing what he does best, i.e. demonizing the rich.
“First of all, it’s just plain wrong, the idea that we’re going to lose economic activity. As a matter of fact, it’s not just possible that we will create jobs and economic activity by transitioning to renewable energy but it’s inevitable. It’s inevitable that we’re going to create jobs. It’s inevitable that we’re going to create industry,” she said.
Just to pause for a moment here. There’s nothing inevitable about the economic system and broad prosperity we currently enjoy. In historical terms, it’s a recent invention and something of a miracle. Assuming that it will continue to bear fruit if you change everything is dumb. In fact, all you have to do is look at modern-day Venezuela to see that there are some left-wing policies that are incompatible with a functioning economy. It is possible to kill the golden goose if you aren’t careful.
In any case, Ocasio-Cortez’ most startling admission came next. “And it’s inevitable that we can use the transition to 100% renewable energy as the vehicle to truly deliver and establish economic, social, and racial justice in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.776523
Retrieved Text: Oct 28, 2015 We can learn a lot about dating in your 20s from Hulu's new original “You ever online date? First date – hell, fourth date – jitters are inevitable. No kiss till the second date, no strings attached, let them make the first move citate romania Online dating kiss on first date jitters Jun 8, 2017 What really goes through his mind on the a first date. All of this is to cover his nervousness. He might This response was common amongst men between the ages of 22 and 35 who have tried online dating. 2. Hot on the heels of 'I wonder if I should try and kiss her' comes the inevitable ego worry. 5.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.771124
Retrieved Text: Well, China's stock market crashed TWICE during this last month. This is the first clear international signs that the dominoes are beginning to fall. We will talk about dramatic events of the last few days and what you can do to quickly position yourself against what is an inevitable stock market crash in the near future.
Is a Stock Market Crash coming in late 2015?
The purpose of this week's blog is to encourage our readers to further explore this question. Are we staring into the face of one of the largest Stock Market corrections in history?
Iran. What does it have to do with the price of Gold? Or more commonly, what does it have to do with us? Let's look at a brief overview and then take that conclusion back to; the price of Gold, what we can do and what we can expect in the markets over the coming months or years, due to this deal.
No country has ever left the Euro before - we are in uncharted territory - and that is what will happen, if Greece, the IMF and the ECB cannot come up with a new agreed deal by Sunday.
"Greece has become the first developed country in history to default to the International Monetary Fund" (The Telegraph). The subsequent spiral into the nightmare of hyper-inflation is well -documented. But, what is the reality on the ground, what can we learn from the inevitable and how can we prepare for it?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.735181
Retrieved Text: Where Will Annapolis Take Us?
Possible Middle East Peace: What it Will Take?
Clash of Civilizations—Is Conflict Inevitable?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.694536
Retrieved Text: Death the reality of our mortality.
What we fear most should let us live our lives the most.
What is inevitable is in fact reality.
Death, the reality, scares us as we all end up as a ghost.
The ghost of our personality.
Can you see life for what it is?
Can you live life for what it is?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.66718
Retrieved Text: The Qur’an describes many names and qualities of the day that all Abrahamic faiths hold to be a reality, the Day of Judgement.
account for their deeds, before ultimately entering their final abode of either heaven or hell.
Yawm Al-Qiyaamah (the Day of Rising) – it is given that name because of the rise of great terrors on that day and because the people will rise (from their graves) to Allah The Almighty.
Yawm Al-Hasrah (the Day of Regret) – on which the negligent will regret what they neglected of their religion.
Al-Qaari’ah (the Striking Calamity) – this day will strike the people with its great terrors.
Yawm Al-Fasl (the Day of Judgment) – on it Allah will judge between His servants.
Yawm Ad-Deen (the Day of Recompense) – on it Allah will recompense each one according to his/her deeds.
Al-Haaqqah (The Inevitable Reality) – it will make Paradise inevitable to some and Hellfire inevitable to others, and it will have the reward and requital, and all things will be real.
Yawm At-Talaaqi (the Day of Meeting) – on which the foremost and the last will meet with Allah.
Al-Yawm Al-Aakhir (the Last Day) – there will be no day after it.
As-Saa’ah (the Hour) – named due to its nearness, or because it will come unexpectedly in an hour.
Yawm Al-Ba’th (the Day of Resurrection) – on this day Allah will resurrect the dead from their graves.
Yawm Al-Khurooj (the Day of the Exodus) – the people will come out of their graves on this day.
Yawm Al-Khulood (the Day of Eternity), the meaning of which is clear.
Yawm

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.597924
Retrieved Text: What is Socialism? A historic (but not inevitable) imperative!
For me, socialism is when the working class has control of the means of production, distribution, and exchange. It’s when we decide how to organize society to benefit the many, not to work for profits for the (very) few. It means we will determine what is made, grown, taught.
Reorganizing society under socialism is going to be a struggle. The capitalist class isn’t going to give up its ill-gotten gains without a fight. We need to be prepared for that fight. Socialism is not inevitable. If the working class fails to take up its historic imperative to overthrow capitalism and build socialism, human society will fall into barbarism or fascism. We must be willing to wage the class war against the capitalist class in order to save not only the human race, but all the other species of our planet. Capitalists won’t do this, because there’s no profit for them.
A socialist society is not a “free ride.” It’s going to be hard work! But it’s work we already do – we just don’t realize it yet.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.593991
Retrieved Text: It’s no secret that I love the color blue, so this dress purchase was inevitable. I wear it so much! These shoes were inevitable, because I got them for a steal. I wish they were still available, because I’d buy every color.
Nevertheless, I love catching my husband off guard by telling him they cost $110. I did not pay that much, as I found them for $17 on Nordstrom Rack. These definitely win for the best deal of 2015! (so far…) I’ll be sharing a casual look with these shoes tomorrow!
What deals have you found lately?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.585421
Retrieved Text: Oedipus at Colonus, by the artist Fulchran-Jean Harriet, is a painting of the tragic play of the same name by the Greek writer Sophocles.
Divorce. Bankruptcy. The death of a loved one. Financial Ruin. Debilitating Injury. Foreclosure. Disaster. No one is immune to the inevitable fall(s) that we all experience over the course of our lives. One moment, you may be at the apparent peak of your life – wealthy, successful, celebrated; the next you may be brought to your knees, humbled and humiliated. Just ask Oedipus Rex.
While the disasters that may befall one are often very real and painful, the meaning we attach to and take from them is what philosophers, artists and writers have focused upon down through the ages. The crises often involve tremendous loss, what Jung would term the metaphorical “death of the ego.” Greek tragedy, like Oedipus or Ixion, are replete with studies in the inevitable fall brought about by hubris and unchecked ego. Interestingly, Oedipus is saved only when he accepts his fate. Suffering is a part of life and, while we may not understand it, we are saved when we accept it and view it as a blessing.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.573779
Retrieved Text: I have faced many challenges in life from losing parents and sister , to health issues . Every loss broke me down , humbled me. What I have now realized is I have no control over what life is throwing up and that this moment is inevitable , I can only surrender to this .

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.571369
Retrieved Text: The inevitable flower crown picture - B. Farrar, Ltd.
Was it inevitable, really? I don't know about that, but it's definitely sweet!
Very cute and the birds are bringing flowers too.
love to see the old gang back together: Porcupine, turtle and little dude!
The porcupine is so much fun to draw.
You didn't have any other meanings in mind when you mentioned flower crown did you?
Uh, no? I have no idea what other meanings would even be possible. Just referencing the meme of photo-shopping flower crowns on everyone regardless of whether they'd actually wear them or not.
It made me think of crown of thorns. I was a religion major in college. It sneaked out of my subconscious I guess.
Nope--nothing so dramatic or meaningful here.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.5485
Retrieved Text: Stay young, don’t let yourself age prematurely!
Getting older is natural and inevitable. What is not inevitable is our body falling apart from preventable age related conditions such as: poor posture, weight gain, loss of energy, chronic aches and pains, hip and knee replacements, osteoarthritis and osteoporosis. These common age related conditions can be prevented, reversed or slowed down with correct exercise and diet.
Note: Classical Stretch Season 8 workouts are all full body workouts and will include all the benefits of the program. However we have broken down the workouts into 2 themes: strengthening and flexibility/mobility workouts. In each episode you will find both themes but some focus more on one theme then the other.
These workouts are also for arthritis, healing, stress relief, pain relief. Please note that these workout suggestions are only guidelines please consult your physician before doing any of the workouts.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.547141
Retrieved Text: An American company has said its ambition is to achieve an AI that can beat humans at any intellectual task. But can machines ever out-think humans?
Dan and Neil discuss the rise of artificial intelligence.
The word ‘robot’ as we use it today was first used in a 1920’s Czech play ‘Rossum’s Universal Robots’. But before this, what was its original meaning?
Hello and welcome to 6 Minute English. I'm Dan and joining me today is Neil. Hi Neil.
Hi Dan. What’s with the protective gear and helmet?
I’m just getting ready for the inevitable rise of the machines. That’s the takeover of the world by artificial intelligence, or AI, which some people predict will happen.
Inevitable means cannot be avoided or stopped. Rise of the machines? What do you mean?
It’s our topic in this 6 Minute English. We’ll be talking about that, giving you six related pieces of vocabulary and, of course, our regular quiz question.
That’s the first thing you’ve said that makes any sense. What’s the question?
We’ll find out if you were right or not later in the show.
OK Dan. Tell me what’s going on.
I saw a news article written by BBC technology correspondent Rory Cellan-Jones about the recent CES technology show in Las Vegas. He interviewed David Hanson, founder of Hanson Robotics, who said it was his ambition to achieve an AI that can beat humans at any intellectual task.
Surely it’s a good thing! Better AI and robotics could take over many of the jobs that we don’t want to do, or that are so important to get 100%

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.522706
Retrieved Text: From the population exchange that forged modern Greece and Turkey to the post-WWII division of South Asia and Palestine to the more recent dissolution of Yugoslavia, the 20th century was a time of partition and the compulsory movement of peoples. Often narrated as the inevitable result of different national and ethnic groups inhabiting the same territory–the outcome of “age old” prejudices and mutual hatred–partitions are in fact a thoroughly modern phenomenon. Why, when peoples who have lived alongside one another for centuries, does such an arrangement become no longer tenable? What forms of identity and statecraft make living together impossible? And why–despite so much evidence to the contrary–do many still conceive of the partition of peoples into ethnically homogeneous territories as both natural and inevitable?
In this course, we will consider these questions and case studies by examining historical, literary, and theoretical reflections from a diverse group of scholars and writers, including Mary Kaldor, Joe Cleary, Amrita Pritam, Yasmine Khan, Laura Robson, Saadat Hasan Manto, Bruce Clark, and Asl? I?s?z. To what extent is this phenomena driven by nationalist sentiment? What is the relationship between such sentiment and overarching political and economic conditions? To what extent is the history of imperialism bound up with that of partition? How does the impulse to create ethnically homogenous populations intersect with the development of the modern state? And in what ways does the “problem” of living together still haunt our 21st century politics?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.520525
Retrieved Text: Contrary to what you read in the press, voters don't shift dramatically every fortnight in their support for political parties. That requires something genuinely massive, which is what Josh Frydenberg will need to produce on Tuesday.
There’s nothing inevitable about the alignment of the right with denialism.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.507679
Retrieved Text: '2001: A Space Odyssey' is one of those films that leaves me wondering if there's any point. To watching, I mean. Well, to watching other films, really; because '2001' is such a rich cinematic and theological experience you can't imagine anything else coming close to its visual richness, aural shock, and emotional heft.
I spent this afternoon watching the Blu-Ray (the best advertisment for Hi-Def I've yet seen) with the sound LOUD; and found myself enveloped by a familiar experience that managed also to feel strange, as if I'd never actually seen it before.
Apes. Monolith. Bones. Violence as a way of life. Exploration. Mutual suspicion among human beings. Love between family members and friends. Monolith. Noise. More exploration. Bad computer. Violence as a way of life. Very bad computer. Shut down. More exploration. Invitation. Journey. Shattered Glass. Re-birth. Everything.
When David Bowman (I think we can assume his name is supposed to evoke both primal humanity and the repentant warrior known in the Bible as 'friend of God') allows himself to be transported into his race's future, he is dying in much the same way as a caterpillar dies. It's inevitable. It's inevitable. It's inevitable. He knows it. But some Thing tells him it's going to be ok. Now, I'm the first to admit that applying the work 'ok' to the re-birth of the human race that climaxes '2001' is, at the very least, an understatement (of the kind that Professor Floyd is faced with early in the movie when one of his colleagues expresses the hope that

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.498951
Retrieved Text: Was it inevitable that V Festival would come to an end this year?
The announcement that V Festival has ended for good is not a surprise to many people.
Virgin boss Richard Branson has issued a statement saying his company is no longer connected with the music event and that 2017 was the last festival.
However, many music fans have said that it was “almost inevitable” as the festival has undergone huge changes since it began 22 years ago.
Martin, who runs Emjay Media, a graphic design and video editing company, continued: “V Festival has been dying a slow death for years. It was almost the inevitable conclusion and sadly it went out with a whimper. All of the signs were there and it is sad news for Chelmsford.
Martin Jeffries went to 21 of the 22 V Festivals in Chelmsford.
Darryl Webber, who has written about V Festival for Essex Live and the Essex Chronicle since it began in 1996, agreed.
“It’s not a big surprise that V is dead,” he said.
“It lost its way a long time ago and seems to have had an identity crisis about what sort of festival it wanted to be for about 10 years. It’s gone down the pop route but that hasn’t been entirely successful.
"For years, it used to sell out in a matter of days but now it doesn’t even sell out.
“The signs were there when they weren’t selling early bird tickets for 2018 straight after this year’s festival. Rethinking and rebranding the festival is a good idea.

================



======= Instance Index 6398 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What comes out the end of the penis?" and the following answer choices: 
- Chemical energy
 - liquid waste
 - A Greek letter
 - Energy
 - feces
 - Electrical energy
 - solid waste
 - distilled water

Now knowing that urine is the liquid waste product of the body that is excreted by the urinary system and after urination, dry the end of the penis and replace the foreskin, choose the best answer.

Target Text: liquid waste

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.962659
Retrieved Text: Is poverty a human rights violation? Comments Off on Is poverty a human rights violation?
Is Kindness Contagious? Comments Off on Is Kindness Contagious?
Will you step UP for Community? Comments Off on Will you step UP for Community?
Ask the Expert: Can we end poverty? Comments Off on Ask the Expert: Can we end poverty?
Can we end the cycle of child hunger? Comments Off on Can we end the cycle of child hunger?
Who cares for the caregivers? Comments Off on Who cares for the caregivers?
Ask the Expert: What should I say when my child comes out? Comments Off on Ask the Expert: What should I say when my child comes out?
Do you really know how to listen? Comments Off on Do you really know how to listen?
Ask the Expert: Is volunteering good for my health? Comments Off on Ask the Expert: Is volunteering good for my health?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.855144
Retrieved Text: NIV 1 The word of the LORD came to me: NIV 1 The word of the LORD came to me: NIV 2 “Son of man, this is what the Sovereign LORD says to the land of Israel: “ ‘The end! The end has come upon the four corners of the land! NIV 2 “Son of man, this is what the Sovereign LORD says to the land of Israel: “ ‘The end! The end has come upon the four corners of the land! NIV 3 The end is now upon you, and I will unleash my anger against you. I will judge you according to your conduct and repay you for all your detestable practices. NIV 3 The end is now upon you, and I will unleash my anger against you. I will judge you according to your conduct and repay you for all your detestable practices. NIV 4 I will not look on you with pity; I will not spare you. I will surely repay you for your conduct and for the detestable practices among you. “ ‘Then you will know that I am the LORD.’ NIV 4 I will not look on you with pity; I will not spare you. I will surely repay you for your conduct and for the detestable practices among you. “ ‘Then you will know that I am the LORD.’ NIV 5 “This is what the Sovereign LORD says: “ ‘Disaster! Unheard-of disaster! See, it comes! NIV 5 “This is what the Sovereign LORD says: “ ‘Disaster! Unheard-of disaster! See,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.715816
Retrieved Text: What Apartments For Rent In Hattiesburg MS Fit What You Are Looking For?
Mississippi is a great state to call home. You are apartment hunting, and do you happen to be familiar with the city of Hattiesburg? It is located in two different counties, and that should give you an indication that you have quite a few different choices when it comes to apartments. Will you end up living in Lamar County, or will you end up living in Forrest County? What’s out there when it comes to apartments for rent in Hattiesburg ms?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.567342
Retrieved Text: Posted November 8, 2015 by theforgedway & filed under Motivation & Mindset.
Today’s my 33rd B-Day so I wanted to share an important post about “Process”.
When it comes to Strength and Fitness, people out there can’t get past thinking about getting results NOW.
In a world that wants SPEED and results yesterday, when it comes to strength and fitness, it’s this “PROCESS” and “Falling in LOVE with The Process” that’s the most important VS getting “results NOW”.
Doing this is so much more powerful than always looking ahead to the end result.
Obviously we’re all after a BIG end result of some sort, but it’s not about that.
This brings me into today’s #mentalitymonday message, which is a POWERFUL one.
What really made me think about this concept of “LOVING the PROCESS” was when I was having a convo with one of my coaching clients the other day.
We were discussing his progress with some of the Olympic Lifts and while his overall progress has been nothing short of great, he was still a bit frustrated with where he was currently at.
I told him to focus in on the PROCESS and enjoy it VS. always thinking about the end results.
Obviously when it comes to our strength and fitness goals or anything else we’re pursuing in life, we all want RESULTS.
What ever it may be that End Result will always be out in front of us.
What matters most is THE PROCESS.
A powerful message that I’ll NEVER forget and will live by the rest of my life.
Going through The PROCESS of achieving these goals and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.530332
Retrieved Text: Ric Flair vs. Sting- Lex Luger comes out before the match, making his return to WCW.
Michael Wallstreet Int- IRS is now in WCW.
VK wallstreet vs. Sting- During Sting’s entrance, Eric Bischoff says not to change the channel, that Shawn Michaels beat the Bulldog and that that show (Raw) was 2-3 weeks old.
Lex Luger vs. Randy Savage- “Want to find out what’s going on in the rest of the wrestling world (WWF)? Just call the WCW hotline” – Eric Bischoff.
Hulk Hogan Interview- The Giant comes out to destroy Hogan.
Hawk vs. Big Bubba, Guardian Angel, Ray Traylor, what ever he is calling himself.
Lex Luger and Meng vs. American Males- End of match and show is cut off, last 3-4 minutes or so.
Sting vs. Hulk Hogan- Before Starrcade 97, there was this, which Eric Bischoff called earlier in the show, “the Superbowl of Wrestling”.
Randy Savage/Hulk Hogan Interview- The Giant comes out to attack.
Sting and Lex Luger vs. Arn Anderson and Brian Pillman- Ric Flair and Hulk Hogan brawl to end the match.
Madusa Segment- The Artist once known as Alundra Blaze comes out and throws her WWF Women’s Championship belt in the garbage. Somewhere, Vince McMahon has to be ticked.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.277921
Retrieved Text: I am a classic over-thinker. I analyze, dissect, and run though every possible outcome before making a decision. My husband, who knows this about me, will always remind me of this faithful phrase, "Everything will work out in the end". While I typically respond with my usual doubt, I know what he says is true. Things always have a way of working themselves out in the end.
The thing is, in my heart and my soul, I always know what I should do, what I want to do. But my mind rattles off everything from other options to worst case scenario. As a result, I end up scared, paranoid, and mentally exhausted. To combat this, I am doing my best to follow my instincts when it comes to my decisions. My heart and my soul know what is best for me, I just need to start listening.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.246193
Retrieved Text: Readers' Comments on "Tibet - Mongolia Treaty of 1913, a proof of Tibet’s independence: Interview"
The truth always comes out in the end !
This is just one example !
One day, maybe sooner than we think, we will get all the inside information on what the chinese did, said and why !
This information will come from chinese people within the party when it breaks up !
That is why some people in China cannot afford to give up their Terror Regime !
...the truth always comes out !

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.218088
Retrieved Text: So we have a busy weekend ahead of us, we are celebrating two birthdays this week. My brother-in-law is celebrating a milestone birthday and we are also celebrating my dad's birthday.
So here is my card for the 40 year old. I pulled out the Bottles & Bubbles framelits and the Bubble Over stamp set for the card. Celebrate comes from the Amazing You stamp set and the second part of the sentiment comes from the Alt & New stamp collection. The strip of designer paper comes from Simple Stories Let's Party. The numbers come from the Sizzex Tim Holtz collection.
I have to say I knew I wanted beer bottles and the number 40, but I wasn't sure what the end result would be and I have to say I am happy with the end result.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.11642
Retrieved Text: Yorita Miyuki is back with a new story! And this one gets pretty lewd at the end. R18 continuation when!?
Her covers always impress me. The insides aren’t bad either.
Thanks, will there be a continuation?
what is with Kanojo no Kuchidzuke Kansensuru Libido? when does it continue?
May I ask, what was this “Miss” in original Japanese? I mean, for example, page 9 or page 13. Sounds quite weird for me.
May I ask, what was that “Miss” in original Japanese? I mean, for example, page 9 or page 13. Sounds quite weird for me. Just curious.
But yes, what is with Kanojo no Kuchidzuke Kansensuru Libido? when does it continue?
Chapter six has already come out. And chapter seven comes out at the end of this month. In the Comic Market 91.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.061524
Retrieved Text: WhiteBlaze > Appalachian Trail Forums > Cooking and Food > Storage of messy stuff?
View Full Version : Storage of messy stuff?
What sort of containers do you use to store messy items like butter, oil, hot sauce, etc.
The rest of the food will fit fine in ziplock bags.
While we are on the subject, is there something "better" than ziploc bags for indiviual meals and dry components? Seems like I'll end up buying a truckload of bags by the end of the trip.
Nalgene sells mini squeeze bottles.
I carry my olive oil in a small nalgane bottle..as for hot sauce I carry dried red peper flakes.. and I don't separate out individual meals I carry bulk ingredients in plastic bags with an overhand knot in the top..
What sort of plastic pags do you use that you put the knot in? Seems like that might be a better solution than ziploc. The seams always wear out on them.
Why change containers? Squeeze butter is just fine in what it comes in. Tabasco comes in a small bottle. One bottle will last you weeks (depending on how hot you like stuff).
why carry the fluid that is in tabasco sauce when you can just carry dried pepper flakes...if you are going to carry a hot sauce carry a good one like Melinda's garlic habernero..
Squeeze butter???why???olive oil all the way..a good extra Virgin one..I would NEVER eat that squeeze butter stuff...and that palstic containner it comes in is heavy..and for what???
I carry Italian Extra Virgin Olive Oil (greener the better usually), and Real Maple

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.049098
Retrieved Text: Bottom-line upfront: What is you intention? What do you envision will happen?
Knowing the destination is a preference almost second nature to me. It is like a target which allows me to plan and allocate my resources. I organize everything around the end goal, So, important to have as clear an end in mind as possible.
“Almost second nature” because when it comes to my life, I have a tough time figuring out what is my end in mind. Yes, everyone dies at the end, an indisputable fact. But what do I envision my life to be when I reach the end? I draw a blank on that vision.
Is it the number of children and grandchildren? Size of my estate? Or number of accomplished items on my bucket list? Frankly, none of them matters to me. I am done with children let alone grandchildren. My estate will not be of my concern after I died. And I don’t have a bucket list, not really.
So I will have to muddy this one along.
What is your end in mind?
This entry was posted in awareness, Goals, life, value and tagged daily writing, Life. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.002382
Retrieved Text: We've Got The Answers: How Does Empathy Relate to Selling?
We’ve Got The Answers: How Does Empathy Relate to Selling?
When it comes to selling a product/service, whether that be life insurance or something else, you have to always keep one thing in mind- the client. In order to be successful when selling, you have to fully understand the clients wants and needs. Selling is not about relaying a product/service to a person, coercing them to purchase it, then turning a blind eye; there needs to be a connection between the seller and the client in order to ensure success on the seller’s end and confidence and contentedness on the client’s end. This is where empathy comes in.
How does empathy relate to selling?
This tends to be an overlooked topic when it comes to sales. A big part of selling is putting yourself in the other person’s shoes. What is important to them? What is their optimal result? These are questions you have to consider when speaking with a client. It is imperative to find out as much as possible about them- what their goals are, what their objectives are, and how they view the future. By putting yourself in their shoes and viewing things from their perspective, you are more likely to come up with solutions that will fit their needs. The better you are at addressing and fitting the client’s needs, the more likely you are to close sales. It really is a win-win for everyone.
When you connect with your clients on a more personal level beyond

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.98739
Retrieved Text: For all the entire world to see.
Although we might like for it to be.
When you are going out.
"A picture is worth a thousand words,"
To see your life within.
What kind of parent you were and how your life turned out.
To parents and all the rest.
Then comes the biggest task.
Will we be strong enough to pass the test or will we go astray?
How does this book end?
Does it end in wasted years and regret?
Or have we walked it faithfully with Jesus our Savior and Friend?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.986838
Retrieved Text: I’d never done a juice fast before. I need to eat every three hours just to stay alive. 6 small meals a day, right? Seven days with no food? How am I going to do that? Why am I going to do that?
I don’t need to lose weight. I eat a normal healthy diet. What am I going to get out of it? And what is it going to get out of me? That was the big surprise.
The most fascinating part of a fast is not just the lack of what goes in one end, but sometimes it’s the observations of what comes out the other.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.910466
Retrieved Text: This Lotto Commercial Is One Of The Best Commercials Ever!!
In the evening, the older lady finds out she is the sole winner of the lottery and what she does with her winnings had me laughing by the end. The Norwegian commercial does comes with English subtitles but they are almost not needed because her sly face at the end says it all.
The message of this commercial is that even if you have a lot of money, its not money that will make you happy at the end of the day. It really is about the amazing people around you!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.86841
Retrieved Text: The people of Happy Media are passionate about brands. When it comes to building great brands, we leave everything aside and start doing research. Who is your competition? We can find out for you. What are the ideas you want to express through your identity? We can figure it out, because we know how to read people and their businesses. What is your audience? Easiest thing ever! These are just the starting points, nevertheless. To figure out what exactly makes your audience smile and what earns its trust, we put in a lot of painstaking, yet pleasant work. A word and a logo: it doesn’t sound like much, but behind them there are many long man hours of trial, error and revelation. Someone comes up with a proposal. Another one discovers that in Bantu that word is not very nice. From our design department, a question comes in: “What kind of red do you want on your logo?”. It all has to fit perfectly. Every element must look good next to the others. The whole thing must represent you.
At the end of this process, the identity of your business just pops out of our head. The name your business will hopefully bear for tens or even hundreds of years; the logo with which everyone will associate you; the colours that will express the state of mind you want to inspire in your customers – all these things will be your banner, the reputation that will precede you and that will make people hear and talk about

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.824231
Retrieved Text: I admit that I’m usually a drugstore beauty girl. But on occasion I’ll splurge (like my recent YSL foundation and pressed powder purchase), and having high end beauty products can be a bit addicting. There’s something about having the last step of your makeup be a high end product that somehow makes me feel super pampered.
That’s where Orlane’s Transparent Loose Powder comes in. This powder comes from a brand usually known for their high end skin care. The loose powder comes only in one shade, and it’s great for my skin tone. I’m not certain if it would work for darker complexions, what it looks like in the canister is really close to my skin. It comes with a large velvet puff that sits inside of the container. A little shake and just the right amount of powder is on the puff.
The powder is very, very finely ground. I typically pat it gently onto my face, occasionally I’ll grab a kabuki brush to blend it in (who wants to pull an Angelina Jolie?), but that really is only needed when I put too much in one spot. The powder is invisible on my skin. It gives me a semi-matte finish and keeps my combination skin shine free all day.
You can buy the Orlane Poudre Libre at Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman, or Amazon.
Check out more tips, hacks and product reviews in the Foundation & Powder Guide!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.816014
Retrieved Text: It's been a wet weekend in Mumbai and what better way to capture it then to see the beauty which comes out in our little home garden. Here are few shots I took earlier today. See more photos at my flickr collection.
As Monday comes to an end, I see a very slow and long week ahead. No plans made for the big weekend and nothing to look forward to.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.801143
Retrieved Text: Over the past 4 years when I was fumbling to find my way out to a better & happier life for myself & my sons, I kept telling myself to keep my eye on the light at the end of the tunnel. Mind you, there were many "tunnels & lights at the end of those tunnels" as circumstances unfolded & new twists & turns opened to be unveiled in our lives. I had visions of a better life for all 3 of us. I knew theses were NOT dreams .... but visions. Here I am today with my sons Kyle & Shane, and our pets. Blessed. Peace. LOVE.
"Visions are different from dreams. A vision is a picture that comes from the soul and comes out through the heart.
A vision is a small glimpse of light that shines and shows us our path. It is a quick flash of something that hasn't happened yet. It may tell us something about today or 10 years from now.
Visions occur when our souls look at the map for our lives, get a sense of where we're going, and tell our hearts how to find that place. The more conscious and clear and direct we are, the more w can tune into and help create the highest vision for our lives.
What do you want? What would feel right? What do you see yourself doing? Be clear and concise, then let it go. Sometimes when we run out of dreams , we have to rely on our visions, these small glimpses of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.781091
Retrieved Text: The 3500-year-long lake-dwelling tradition comes to an end: what is to blame?
Menotti F (2015) The 3500-year-long lake-dwelling tradition comes to an end: what is to blame? In: Menotti F (Ed.) The end of the lake-dwellings in the Circum-Alpine region. Oxford: Oxbow Books. 236-250.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.776844
Retrieved Text: What advertising method has the best return on investment?
When it comes to creating an advertising campaign for our listings and open houses, we need to identify what we’re advertising, where we’re placing those ads, and to whom we’re trying to market our listings.
First, we need to determine the “what.” What are we going to advertise? Well, as I said, we’re advertising listings, as well as open houses for those listings.
Next, we identify the “where.” Where are we going to advertise those listings? Right now, the main portals are Zillow, Trulia, and Realtor.com—they’re capturing our leads and selling them back to us. Additionally, Facebook is a great vehicle for advertising our listings and open houses.
Lastly, and probably most importantly, we need to figure out the “who.” Through Facebook’s advertising filters, we can pick and choose our target market.
As an end result of our efforts, the return on investment for us comes out to about one dollar per lead. That’s right—in exchange for advertising our listings and their accompanying open houses, we can get 30 leads for about $30.
If you’re interested in learning more about how to get such a return on your investment for advertising your listings, feel free to reach out to me. We can have a more in-depth conversation on how to get more of a bang for your buck when it comes to your advertising methods. In the meantime, have a great day!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.775068
Retrieved Text: Kentucky Football freshman Tight End, Keaton Upshaw, will take a medical redshirt for the 2018 season due to an injury that he sustained last week during practice. We’re not too sure on what the injury is at this time but all of our thoughts goes out to this young man and we’re hoping he comes back batter than before in the 2019 season!
Freshman tight end Keaton Upshaw will redshirt the 2018 season after suffering an injury in practice last week.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.77111
Retrieved Text: What a pleasant surprise! Shortly before the end of the year, Austria’s Milo Mills comes through with a brand new EP called “Graveyard Classics”. Despite the creepy-looking cover and title, the six instrumentals turn out to be not so goth but straight hip-hop bangers.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.758024
Retrieved Text: HMD is coming out with a new high-end Nokia flagship, and an image of the device has just leaked out.
HMD brought the Nokia name back with a new line of Android smartphones, including the Nokia 6 that launched in June, but now, according to some new leaks, including one from Evan Blass, who has a great track record when it comes to leaks, the Finnish startup is getting ready to launch a new Nokia phone for people who prefer a higher-end device. Called Nokia 8, it will follow the Nokia 6, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3.
The Nokia 6 offers a premium design, but the specs it packs don't climb out of the end of the market that's entry- or mid-range. The Nokia 8 will be much more fully loaded, according to Blass, who posted a leaked image of the upcoming device (above). Winfuture.de, a German site that has a relatively good track record when it comes to leaks, also posted full specs of the phone just this morning.
It will supposedly be powered by a Snapdragon 835 processor, and it will feature dual 13-megapixel cameras on the rear with Zeiss optics, as well as a QHD resolution display, 4 or 6GB of RAM, and more. Check out Pocket-lint's round-up for more details on what the 5.3-inch phone could feature. Rumour has it HMD will announce the Nokia 8 on 31 July.
It might cost around €589 (converts to $675) and will be available in blue, steel, gold/blue, or gold/copper.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.756766
Retrieved Text: We were planning on using our newly acquired Zipcar membership to go out to Multnomah Falls, but Jeremy is going to get some work done and I am going to read, eat leftovers and later work out.
I am embarrassed to say that I’ve had Hunger Games checked out for almost a month and it was due yesterday, with me being only 13 pages in. Since I’m dedicated to only pay one day worth’s of fines I’m pretty sure I can get through this today.
And a workout later because I’ve been keeping up with those since the end of January with maybe 1 rest day a week (workouts do not include the walking we do around town being car-less). I’ve been doing a mix of elliptical and run/walking for cardio, usually 30-40 minutes. I feel really good and am amazed at what 2 weeks of running walking does for me mentally and physically. I make sure to do lots of calve and hamstring stretches, especially the calves which alleviate any plantar pain almost immediately.
When it comes to strength training I’ve been very good doing this routine every other day with some skimble app workouts mixed in between. At the end of the month I’m going to come up with a new routine and follow that through the end of March. Having it written down really seems to help my A.D.D. when it comes to weights.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.740211
Retrieved Text: - The band performed a shortened version of the setlist they played for the Harman Infinity One Launch in Las Vegas, NV two days prior. 'Lost In The Echo' and 'A Light That Never Comes' were dropped.
- Chester was sick during the show and let the crowd sing large portions of 'New Divide' and 'Numb'.
- Mike rapped verse two of 'Until It Breaks' over the intro to 'Waiting For The End'.
- Ann and Nancy Wilson from Heart joined the band for 'Castle Of Glass'. This is the first time that female musicians have ever joined the Linkin Park on stage.
- The Filharmonic from the show "Sing Off" joined the band for the 'Iridescent' portion of 'LOATR/SOTD/Iridescent' and performed an acapella outro to the song.
- Mike and Chester both sang part of the lyrics to 'Numb/Encore' over the outro of 'Numb'.
- Mike Einziger from Incubus joined the band for 'What I've Done' and 'In The End'. He had joined the band previously on the 2012 Honda Civic Tour for 'Bleed It Out'.
- Travis Barker from Blink-182 joined the band for 'Bleed It Out' and performed a dueling drum solo with Rob during the bridge. He previously joined Mike, Chester, and Steve Aoki for 'A Light That Never Comes' in November 2013.
- Mike thanked everyone who was associated with the show over the intro of 'Bleed It Out'. He thanked Stryker from KROQ, Ann and Nancy Wilson, Mike Einziger, and many others.
- This show was a benefit show for the Philippines after Typhoon Haiyan devastated the country. It

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.729634
Retrieved Text: As the week comes to an end what better way to spend it with upcoming streamer DasMehdi. FreakishAlloy6 gave us a great description of what DasMehdi’s “OJ Friday” was about, he released this Straw Poll earlier this morning to vote on what he should play with his viewers tonight. Make sure you vote and check out his stream later tonight, he’ll tweet when he goes live, so give him a follow on Twitter.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.726919
Retrieved Text: DIYARBAKIR - HUDA PAR Chairman Zekeriya Yapıcıoğlu voted in Diyarbakır and said that today is a milestone, "If today yes comes out, or if no comes out, tomorrow this nation will continue to live together in this country."
HUDA PAR President Zekeriya Yapıcıoğlu went to the polls in Diyarbakır for the constitutional amendment that will bring the presidential system.
Yapıcıoğlu, who was in the explanations after voting, said the election day will be a milestone.
Yapıcıoğlu emphasized today will be the end of "doing for people but against people" understanding and said, "It is a quite nice day, I do not know how many the participation will be, but I would like to have a day without accident, without any trouble, without incident. First of all, I hope everyone comes to the polls and puts their hand on their conscience with their free will, vote for what is best for the future of the country and this process is completed as uneventful. I hope that today will be a milestone. I hope that also history will record this."
"If yes or if no comes out still these nations will continue to live together in this country tomorrow"

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.714106
Retrieved Text: Econolinecrush | Who Else Wants a Cost Efficient Home?
When it comes to your home, also consider dealing with every need as soon as possible especially when it comes to repairs, replacements and other practical work that has to be done regularly, as this will help you to avoid expenses that turn up higher than what is the usual. Additionally watch out for home works that seem to be petty for your standard as these may end up as more serious troubles which in the long run will cost you more of your money.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.704913
Retrieved Text: Persona 5 - gaming discussion - Furtopia | Family Friendly Furry Forum and IRC Chat!
Persona 5 was announced November 24, 2013. I was at MFF and I could not contain my excitement.
Then Atlus had a few LOL DELAYS but you know what comes out tonight? PERSONA 5 COMES OUT TONIGHT.
HYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYPE. I'm picking up the Ps3 version because I have a high-end PC and never ended up buying a PS4. My TV is only a 720p TV anyway.
Avatar by Chu Chu! Thanks!
I remember the very first installment, mainly because as a kid I didn't know where to go.
I'll have to look into getting back into the series.
Revelations: Persona is hot garbage. 2 is way better though.
Persona as we know it today really evolved out of Persona 3 which added the social aspects to the series and introduced these really interesting characters that had baggage and actual arcs and what not.
Looking for more than dreams.
I've heard so much about Persona 5. How is it? I'm really curious about it as a whole. It looks fluent, never played any Persona games though but I have seen them played.
No matter how bad the storm is, there's always a rainbow at the end.
It's a lot faster and streamlined than Persona 3 and 4. I wouldn't say it's more simple, but it's certainly easier to get into. I'm really enjoying it so far overall.
I got Persona 5 the day after it came out but I haven't had time to play it yet.

================



======= Instance Index 2751 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what is electricity?" and the following answer choices: 
- coiled
 - movement
 - dangerous
 - energy
 - waves
 - engines
 - a hazard
 - Light

Now knowing that electricity is used as an energy source by electrical devices and electrical sources are potential hazards, choose the best answer.

Target Text: a hazard

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.998974
Retrieved Text: Can you find the peak electricity or gas consumption on a specified date? How much is it? What time does this occur? What might be happening in the school at this time?
Can you find the baseload electricity or gas consumption on a specified date? How much is it?
What time does gas first start to be used on a specified date in the summer?
Calculate the average weekend gas consumption for the month of January?
Calculate the average weekday gas consumption for the month of January?
What is the average difference between weekday and weekend gas use in January?
Calculate the average weekend electricity consumption in June?
Calculate the average weekday electricity consumption for the month of June?
What is the average difference between weekday and weekend electricity use in June?
Can you find out from the School Business Manager how much your school currently pays for gas or electricity? The school is likely to be charged a rate per kWh, so the energy bill increases as the school uses more electricity and gas, and a standing charge per day, which they must pay regardless of whether they use any gas or electricity.
Can you calculate the school's energy bill for the last 2 weeks for which you have data?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.982715
Retrieved Text: Gold is a good conductor of electricity, and is not affected by air and other reagents. Heat, oxygen, moisture, and most corrosive agents have less chemical effect on gold, Thus, make it well-suited for use in coins and jewelry; conversely, halogens will chemically alter gold dissolves it via formation of the chloraurate ion.
important role in electronic devices because of its ability to conduct electricity. Gold is an excellent conductor of electrical impulses, conducting at a rate of.
What is the ability to conduct electricity of bismuth? What is the ability to conduct electricity of bismuth?
Why Does Gold Conduct Electricity Answers. Gold is a metal, and any metal on the periodic table conducts electricity. ... including their ability to conduct electricity.
All metals conduct electricity to some extent, but certain metals are more highly conductive.
Answer The ability to conduct electricity is called Conductivity.
Why is silver a better conductor of electricity than gold and others? Is gold a good conductor of electricity? Which has better thermal conductivity, gold or silver?
Conductivity refers to the ability of a material ... copper and gold are used more often in electrical applications because ... Most metals conduct electricity.
Gold is an excellent conductor of heat and electricity.Couple that with its ability to resist corrosion and it's easy tosee why it ... gold does conduct electricity.
Diamonds, gold, lead and concrete have very different electrical characteristics, including their ability to conduct electricity. Two of these substances are electrical conductors and two are insulators.
Identify the physical properties that gold and silver have in common, ... The ability to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.921383
Retrieved Text: Electricity is useful in powering many everyday items. It keeps refrigerated foods fresh, rooms well lit, and televisions ready for entertainment. But how does electricity work?
Electricity in Your Life shows kids some electric powered appliances and how they receive their source of electricity. It touches on the operation of power plants and the wires that send electricity into their homes. And it shows what happens when there is a power failure and all is dark. It also explains the importance of conserving energy and how to use electricity safely.
Most kids don’t realize the importance of electricity in their lives until there is a power failure. In this interesting and informative book, they will see how their household appliances work and what happens when they unplug them. This is a great introduction to electricity for kids.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.786563
Retrieved Text: Consumers can take advantage of cheap electricity rates in Chicago. Throughout the years, electric rates have bothered countless consumers because of their prices and their continuous need to save money within their household. Fortunately, cheap rates on electricity within the area allowed countless consumers to save money by finding the best companies with cheap electricity rates.
It is now possible for people to find cheap electricity rates in Chicago. What most people think is people cannot choose the services that will go with their needs. The truth is Chicago has an improved market competitiveness when it comes to electricity. This results to giving more options to consumer and resulting to find the best electricity rates for their budget.
People can study all the service providers within this market and find cheap electricity rates in Chicago. It is possible to shop around online and find what the value offered by these companies to Chicago residents. Some consumers may not be really after very affordable prices but services that will match their requirements.
Service providers that offer cheap electricity rates in Chicago would have different types of services and promos that will suit consumers’ needs or preferences. Some have different terms while others can offer green power services for people who want to help the environment. Although these may sound to be unique services, their prices are still very affordable than what consumers expected.
Apart from cheap electricity rates in Chicago, residents within the area can also check out the best companies providing superior services to consumers. Getting good service also means

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.76896
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Wayne power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Wayne area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Wayne NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Wayne area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Wayne, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Wayne?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Wayne?
Which Electricity companies serve Wayne?
What should I know about Wayne?
In December, the average electricity rate in Wayne was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Wayne?
Where can I find Wayne Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.76896
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Little Genesee power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Little Genesee area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Little Genesee NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Little Genesee area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Little Genesee, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Little Genesee?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Little Genesee?
Which Electricity companies serve Little Genesee?
What should I know about Little Genesee?
In December, the average electricity rate in Little Genesee was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Little Genesee?
Where can I find Little Genesee Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.76896
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Sherrill power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Sherrill area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Sherrill NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Sherrill area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Sherrill, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Sherrill?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Sherrill?
Which Electricity companies serve Sherrill?
What should I know about Sherrill?
In December, the average electricity rate in Sherrill was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Sherrill?
Where can I find Sherrill Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.76896
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare North Lawrence power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the North Lawrence area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in North Lawrence NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the North Lawrence area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to North Lawrence, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in North Lawrence?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in North Lawrence?
Which Electricity companies serve North Lawrence?
What should I know about North Lawrence?
In December, the average electricity rate in North Lawrence was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in North Lawrence?
Where can I find North Lawrence Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.761507
Retrieved Text: We have over the last few years become so wrapped up in the various topics making up this matter, that we have sometimes forgotten what it is actually all about.
It is only and all about foreign and local investment and the growth of our economy which has been severely hampered due to the shortage of electricity, sometimes incorrectly referred as power or energy, which is speaking too broadly.
Electric power or electric energy is what we are primarily short of, and we should be first and foremost generating abundantly and then discussing by what means.
The shortage of electricity is strangling our economy since it cannot be supplied reliably to industry first and foremost. Our government has, and still puts the electrification of households above that of industry and mining, instead of the other way around. Priority should be given first and foremost to the latter. Why? Because that is the driver of our economy, and only that creates the vast employment South Africa so dearly needs. I have also concluded that our new government is confused by the terms “wants” and “needs”. We all want electricity at home but what we all need are jobs. So guys, get your priorities right. Get generating, and supply the electricity to new industries and new mines so they can employ our people. Then, after that, add even more generating capacity so that you can also supply the households. B follows A. Right?
Next we can talk about what sources we use to generate this electricity. South Africa has signed and participated

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.756899
Retrieved Text: New Icebreaker tariff available. 25% discount & reduced annual standing charge.
Unit rate decrease on 'Rate Saver Fixed 12-Month Online Exclusive' tariffs for both Gas and Electricity.
How much does gas and electricity cost in Ireland?
The average annual electricity bill in Ireland is €1,044.08 and the average annual gas bill is €836.64. So, the average household energy bill is €1,880.72 over the course of a year.
The electricity calculation is based on Electric Ireland’s standard electricity rate for customers who use the national average amount of electricity in a year, which is 4,200 kWh.
The gas calculation is based on Bord Gáis Energy’s standard gas price plan for customers who consume the national average amount of gas, which is 11,000 kWh.
If you use more gas and electricity than the national average, your costs will be higher. If you use less, your costs will be lower.
If you live in a big house with a low BER rating and use appliances and devices that require a lot of electricity, your bills are likely to be a good bit bigger than the national average.
For example, if you consume 50% more electricity and gas than the national average, your bills will be about €1,458.57 for electricity and €1,204.33 for gas, including all taxes and charges.
Similarly, if your home is small and well insulated, your consumption will probably be much lower than the national average. If you use 50% less than the national average for gas and electricity, your annual bills will be €629.58 for electricity and €468.96 for gas.
As you can see, the cost

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.7542515
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Rooseveltown power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Rooseveltown area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Rooseveltown NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Rooseveltown area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Rooseveltown, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Rooseveltown?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Rooseveltown?
Which Electricity companies serve Rooseveltown?
What should I know about Rooseveltown?
In December, the average electricity rate in Rooseveltown was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Rooseveltown?
Where can I find Rooseveltown Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.7542515
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Albion power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Albion area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Albion NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Albion area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Albion, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Albion?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Albion?
Which Electricity companies serve Albion?
What should I know about Albion?
In December, the average electricity rate in Albion was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Albion?
Where can I find Albion Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.7542515
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Lorraine power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Lorraine area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Lorraine NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Lorraine area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Lorraine, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Lorraine?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Lorraine?
Which Electricity companies serve Lorraine?
What should I know about Lorraine?
In December, the average electricity rate in Lorraine was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Lorraine?
Where can I find Lorraine Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.7542515
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Atlanta power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Atlanta area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Atlanta NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Atlanta area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Atlanta, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Atlanta?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Atlanta?
Which Electricity companies serve Atlanta?
What should I know about Atlanta?
In December, the average electricity rate in Atlanta was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Atlanta?
Where can I find Atlanta Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.7542515
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Bedford Hills power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Bedford Hills area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Bedford Hills NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Bedford Hills area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Bedford Hills, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Bedford Hills?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Bedford Hills?
Which Electricity companies serve Bedford Hills?
What should I know about Bedford Hills?
In December, the average electricity rate in Bedford Hills was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Bedford Hills?
Where can I find Bedford Hills Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.751765
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Cropseyville power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Cropseyville area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Cropseyville NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Cropseyville area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Cropseyville, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Cropseyville?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Cropseyville?
Which Electricity companies serve Cropseyville?
What should I know about Cropseyville?
In December, the average electricity rate in Cropseyville was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Cropseyville?
Where can I find Cropseyville Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.751765
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Fonda power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Fonda area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Fonda NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Fonda area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Fonda, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Fonda?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Fonda?
Which Electricity companies serve Fonda?
What should I know about Fonda?
In December, the average electricity rate in Fonda was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Fonda?
Where can I find Fonda Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.751765
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Stanfordville power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Stanfordville area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Stanfordville NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Stanfordville area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Stanfordville, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Stanfordville?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Stanfordville?
Which Electricity companies serve Stanfordville?
What should I know about Stanfordville?
In December, the average electricity rate in Stanfordville was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Stanfordville?
Where can I find Stanfordville Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.751765
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Groveland power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Groveland area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Groveland NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Groveland area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Groveland, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Groveland?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Groveland?
Which Electricity companies serve Groveland?
What should I know about Groveland?
In February, the average electricity rate in Groveland was 17.64¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 580 kWh, making the average bill around $102.
Is commercial Electricity available in Groveland?
Where can I find Groveland Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.751765
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Mannsville power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Mannsville area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Mannsville NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Mannsville area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Mannsville, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Mannsville?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Mannsville?
Which Electricity companies serve Mannsville?
What should I know about Mannsville?
In December, the average electricity rate in Mannsville was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Mannsville?
Where can I find Mannsville Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.751765
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Clarksville power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Clarksville area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Clarksville NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Clarksville area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Clarksville, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Clarksville?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Clarksville?
Which Electricity companies serve Clarksville?
What should I know about Clarksville?
In December, the average electricity rate in Clarksville was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Clarksville?
Where can I find Clarksville Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.74746
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Cameron power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Cameron area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Cameron NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Cameron area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Cameron, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Cameron?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Cameron?
Which Electricity companies serve Cameron?
What should I know about Cameron?
In December, the average electricity rate in Cameron was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Cameron?
Where can I find Cameron Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.74746
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Johnson City power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Johnson City area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Johnson City NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Johnson City area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Johnson City, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Johnson City?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Johnson City?
Which Electricity companies serve Johnson City?
What should I know about Johnson City?
In December, the average electricity rate in Johnson City was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Johnson City?
Where can I find Johnson City Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.74746
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Paul Smiths power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Paul Smiths area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Paul Smiths NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Paul Smiths area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Paul Smiths, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Paul Smiths?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Paul Smiths?
Which Electricity companies serve Paul Smiths?
What should I know about Paul Smiths?
In December, the average electricity rate in Paul Smiths was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Paul Smiths?
Where can I find Paul Smiths Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.74746
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare White Lake power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the White Lake area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in White Lake NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the White Lake area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to White Lake, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in White Lake?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in White Lake?
Which Electricity companies serve White Lake?
What should I know about White Lake?
In December, the average electricity rate in White Lake was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in White Lake?
Where can I find White Lake Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.74746
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Waterford power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Waterford area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Waterford NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Waterford area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Waterford, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Waterford?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Waterford?
Which Electricity companies serve Waterford?
What should I know about Waterford?
In December, the average electricity rate in Waterford was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Waterford?
Where can I find Waterford Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.746105
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Athol Springs power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Athol Springs area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Athol Springs NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Athol Springs area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Athol Springs, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Athol Springs?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Athol Springs?
Which Electricity companies serve Athol Springs?
What should I know about Athol Springs?
In December, the average electricity rate in Athol Springs was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Athol Springs?
Where can I find Athol Springs Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.746105
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Hinsdale power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Hinsdale area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Hinsdale NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Hinsdale area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Hinsdale, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Hinsdale?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Hinsdale?
Which Electricity companies serve Hinsdale?
What should I know about Hinsdale?
In December, the average electricity rate in Hinsdale was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Hinsdale?
Where can I find Hinsdale Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.746105
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare Hagaman power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the Hagaman area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in Hagaman NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the Hagaman area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to Hagaman, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in Hagaman?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in Hagaman?
Which Electricity companies serve Hagaman?
What should I know about Hagaman?
In December, the average electricity rate in Hagaman was 17.34¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 597 kWh, making the average bill around $104.
Is commercial Electricity available in Hagaman?
Where can I find Hagaman Electricity Provider Reviews?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.737988
Retrieved Text: We have made it very easy to compare East Durham power rates so you can get the least expensive electric price for your needs. Just enter your zip code then read company reviews, compare the New York electricity companies that serve the East Durham area to get the best electric plan that meets your needs.
Electricity prices in East Durham NY are deregulated, meaning you have the power to choose from over 50 energy companies in the East Durham area.
There are no switching costs, your electricity stays throughout the entire process, and no special equipment is needed. If you are moving to East Durham, New York, your new service company will turn on your power and establish your new service. It's that simple.
Which Electricity Plans are recommended in East Durham?
What are the Cheapest Electricity Plans in East Durham?
Which Electricity companies serve East Durham?
What should I know about East Durham?
In February, the average electricity rate in East Durham was 17.64¢ per kWh. The average households monthly electricity usage was 580 kWh, making the average bill around $102.
Is commercial Electricity available in East Durham?
Where can I find East Durham Electricity Provider Reviews?

================



======= Instance Index 5028 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what lives in water?" and the following answer choices: 
- adult echinoderms
 - fur seals
 - tortoises
 - the sun
 - crocodiles
 - fisherman
 - humans
 - salamanders

Now knowing that adult echinoderms have radial symmetry and all animals with radial symmetry live in water, choose the best answer.

Target Text: adult echinoderms

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.090062
Retrieved Text: "Follow my example, as I follow the example of Christ."
Imagine what would happen if every Christ-follower in every church took seriously the final instructions of Jesus.
Rick Small brings to a recent men's breakfast meeting a brief presentation on his experience with bringing fresh water to the Uganda villages Northgate sponsors through Hope for Christ. He recalls how Walk for Water sponsorship has changed the lives of untold families in villages where poverty is all too common and clean water is not a given.
We say, "God is love", but what does that mean and how does it impact our everyday lives?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.029831
Retrieved Text: Proverbs & Wisdom » It’s My Birthday, Help Me Save Lives…Please?
Next week is my birthday (May 30th) and to celebrate, I’ve decided to give it all away for something better: the chance to save lives.
You see, most people my age would round-up their friends, go drinking and partying, spend the night out doing who knows what. That isn’t me though. If I’m going to celebrate living, I want to celebrate life well – not foolishly.
Because not a day goes by when someone, somewhere, doesn’t get to celebrate their 20th birthday. Every day 4,500 children die simply because they don’t have clean drinking water.
The good news is, their death is preventable. The bad news is since they lack resources, they’ll continue dying.
But that’s what my birthday is all about (the good news)….
This year I’ve dedicated my extra year of life to give life. I started a fund-raiser with the help of charity: water to help people just like you and I, children just like we once were, receive clean water. I’m not asking for anything luxurious and neither are they. Water is a necessity for life. What would you do without water? Clean water?
Charity: water says all it takes to give one person clean water is $20 dollars. Meaning, if20 people give just $20 dollars then together we’ll be able to save 20 lives – one person for each year I’ve lived.
But maybe you don’t have $20 to give…that’s okay. Whether it’s .20 cents, $2, or something else it all adds up.
The best part: 100% of all

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.903246
Retrieved Text: One night while my daughter Callie was taking her bath, she was filling up these little stacking cups with water. Some of the cups had holes in the bottom. Others didn’t have any holes in them.
One little green cup was like a strainer with tons of holes in the bottom. She kept trying to fill it up, but water kept flowing out through the bottom. Then it was like the Lord impressed upon my heart that I need to be like that little green strainer cup.
I need to do everything I can to fill up with Him so He can flow out of me and into others’ lives.
If we fill up with truth and allow the Lord to flow through us, just like that little green strainer cup, the more lives the knowledge of the Lord will flow into. What we are learning about the Lord and HIs Word is so good. What God is teaching us is wonderful, and it is important that we put what we are learning into practice in our own lives.
The Lord also fills us up so that we can then share that truth with people that the He places in our paths.
Let’s not be like the cups with no holes, or just one hole in the bottom. Let’s be like the little green strainer cup, full of holes and outlets.
Let’s look for opportunities to pour truth into others everywhere we go.
We don’t just have any water flowing through us. As the scripture says, we have rivers of “Living Water” flowing

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.6998825
Retrieved Text: Rural Water Ventures was founded by Bill McQueeney in March of 2002.
We are a tax exempt, nonprofit corporation.
Our mission, which we have pursued since 2003, is to save lives and to reduce the incidence of serious disease in rural communities in Nicaragua through funding projects that bring abundant quantities of safe water to each home via locally sustainable gravity flow pipeline systems. These projects also provide funds for constructing latrines for hygienic sanitation.
There are now over 4000 people, 2,500 of them children, with safe water and hygienic sanitation at their homes. For the vast majority this outcome is beyond their wildest dreams. Their lives have been transformed forever.
And yet, the need for access to safe water and hygienic sanitation in rural communities in Nicaragua remains enormous. There are hundreds of rural communities where the life and health of the population, especially the children, is continually threatened by lack of access to safe water. So we shall carry on and your contributions will be put to very good use.
We are hopeful that what has been accomplished to date is but preparation for what we will do, together, going forward.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.699347
Retrieved Text: Often times we feel that nothing much has been done after all sweats and toils. Wondering if we are doing it right or not, we have to call it a day. Hoping that tomorrow will be better we have to head ourselves to home. Another day begins, but ends with the same. We are slowly going down and get weary by this same pattern of life.
This morning I hear Jesus’ voice while I have my quiet time: “Put out into deep water, and let down the nets for a catch.” (Luke 5:4) He refers me to deep water where I can catch fish. We may always have stayed only in shallow water where we cannot catch any significant size or number of fish. Meaning of one’s life may be in this deep water where one never has been before. In your spiritual journey, have you ever thrown your nets into deep water? Where is the deep spot anyway? Jesus is telling us to find somewhere deep in our lives and throw our nets to catch fish.
2000 years ago Simon listened to the same from Jesus and followed what he said. The result was never imagined by Simon that his boat and even his friends were so filled with fish that they began to sink. Grace is surely everywhere, but it may be hard to catch in shallow water. We may need to listen to what Jesus said and go to the deep place in our everyday lives.
Summer may make you more drained and weary, but I

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.617513
Retrieved Text: One of the most common issues of plumbing systems is backflow. When backflow happens to your plumbing system, you are endangering the lives of those who are living inside of your home as well as destructing your home. Backflow is very much dangerous because if this process happens, contaminated water will go back to your origin of water or your water supply that the entire family uses. The lives of those people living with you will be endangered with the fact that you are going to be using as your daily water supply some contaminated water. So, how can you stop this process from happening in your plumbing system so that you can rest assured that your family members will not be affected by contaminated water? Backflow testing is basically the effective process that will stop any backflow process from occurring, learn more by clicking here.
There are various steps that take place with backflow testing. Basically, a company that delivers backflow testing services will first tell you what type of plumbing system you have and what are its chances of getting backflow and what little ways you can do to prevent this process from occurring. They then begin in getting on with the backflow testing process by looking at some pressures in your system that might lead to backflow. Pressure that is exerted in your system is what is usually the basis of these plumbing companies to determine if it is backflowing. There is presence of backflow when your supply reserve has less pressure than the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.599804
Retrieved Text: Julia Steinecke finds it easy to meet NGOs and community organizations, like Big Brother Mouse.
Local ingenuity brings homegrown electricity to Kenyan communities.
A team from Niagara tackles water scarcity in rural Guatemala.
It's one thing to put the roof back on a house—what about rebuilding young lives in a Caribbean economy torn apart by hurricanes?
A pipeline to bring water to Israelis, Jordanians, and Palestinians might encourage more than just a scientific partnership.
He's 26 years old, he lives at home with his parents... and he's changing the face of human rights reporting in Ghana. Meet Ben Peterson, co-founder of Journalists for Human Rights.
A stove that can save lives and slow global warming? How the clean burning stove is doing just that.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.570588
Retrieved Text: Is Kangen Water REALLY Healing Water? – I can explain the great things I love about Kangen water till I am blue in the face but video’s speak for themselves. This video is one that Channel 7 made as an investigation on the Kangen water and if it lives up to its reputation as what I believe is the greatest ionized water in the world.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.5704565
Retrieved Text: Half of the people who have embarked on a one hundred mile journey may fall by the wayside.
We don’t build the lives we want by saving time. We build the lives we want, and then time saves itself.
The key to time management is treating our priorities as the equivalent of that broken water heater.
Even if we are busy, we have time for what matters.
And when we focus on what matters, we can build the lives we want in the time we’ve got.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.45039
Retrieved Text: We believe in a world where everyone has permanent access to clean water.
Clean water saves lives, empowers families and communities, and breaks cycles of poverty.
Give today and make this a reality for someone. You can bring one person clean water for life with just $25.
Access to clean water is one of the word’s greatest needs. But many water projects last only a few years. To end the global water crisis for good, we need more than just wells and filters.
33 Buckets partners with communities in need of clean water to launch self-sustaining community water franchises. This empowers local populations to permanently solve their water issues.
"Before, 15% of our kids were malnourished with stomach problems.
Now, we have almost zero."
José Antonio Nina is the president of 150 people living in the community of Pucara, just outside of Cusco, Peru. The people are facing both contamination and shortages of their water supply. What little water they do have, they are unable to treat because their chlorination system is too hard to use. By giving today, #AZGivesDay, you will help provide a new, easy to use chlorination system and new infrastructure to Pucara - plus solutions for five other communities! Give today through the link on our bio.
Last November, I set off for three weeks in Peru. In the first two weeks, I assessed seven potential 2019 project sites near Cusco. I then traveled to the northern coast to complete a joint project we had launched the year before. All of it just reinforced how important collaboration is for what

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.418048
Retrieved Text: 2015 survey data from Canstar Blue NZ shows 76% of Kiwis like to try new coffee flavours. And 65% of New Zealanders we surveyed said they considered a home-brewed coffee a special treat, so if you would like to make the experience even more special, why not try an exotic new flavour? Sit back and come on a free journey around the world for a virtual taste test.
If you’re interested in making some of these amazing brews at home, compare espresso machines on our website.
What it is: Combination of egg yolk, condensed milk, sugar, butter, cheese, coffee.
Where it lives: Hanoi, Vietnam.
What it is: A cheese called juustoleipä gets cut into chunks and put in the bottom of a cup, then you pour the coffee on top. When the coffee’s all gone, you spoon out the leftover melted cheese.
Result: If you like cheese, dig in! Creamy and delicious.
Where it lives: Kaffeost and Kainuu, Finland.
What it is: Canned coffee. Found in vending machines and available from corner shops.
Result: Available cold in summer and hot in winter (in a can – amazing!). Convenient coffee all year round.
What it is: Steep coffee grinds for 12 to 36 hours, then strain it and serve it cold. Prepare large batches and store in the fridge for several days.
Result: Perfect for people with stomach problems because hot coffee can upset your stomach.
Where it lives: Created in the 1600s in Kyoto, Japan.
What it is: Blended spices including sesame, pepper and nutmeg, mixed with ground coffee beans.
Result: Strong taste, smells incredible.
Where it lives: Originated in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.371967
Retrieved Text: In the wake of difficult times, some people experience the clarity of mind to really understand what is important. I heard a mother staring at her water-damaged belongings say, “These are just material items, they can be replaced.” Taking stock of our physical assets can lead to evaluating other areas in our lives.
We go through our lives on a certain track, but sometimes inertia takes over and we lose sight of what brings meaning to our lives. Events like Harvey may bring into focus what you would want to change and what possessions are worth replacing. Figure out what is meaningful, and find what brings purpose and joy to your life. Volunteering and donating are certainly ways to find meaning. To help with the devastation so many are dealing with, here is a list of some of the many worthy charities.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.346453
Retrieved Text: Partnering with Kids Alive International through God's leading, we are challenged with raising funds for orphans in Zambia, Africa.
The orphans we met while in Lusaka are facing a crisis. Circumstances dictate that they will be homeless when their current lease expires. In Mongu the Kids Alive compound is in need of a well-water storage tank and tower to ensure clean water for fifty-eight children.
We felt God's Call on our lives directing us while in Zambia. We have gladly accepted His challenge to help meet the needs of the children there. Your support will also be a blessing in their lives. Please join our efforts and help!
God has helped us reach our goal but it's not over yet! - Can you Help?
Join us in our mission to provide homes for the orphans in Zambia. We have met the need of $1600 for the water storage tank and water tower with funds donated during the "August 2014 Challenge." We have also met the goal of raising enough money for the first home with the "April 2015 Challenge!" After the 2nd Annual Bidding 4 Hope event, we raised a staggering $53,869.00!! We could not have done that without our donors and the success of the first and second Bidding 4 Hope silent auction event! After our 3rd Annual Bidding 4 Hope event, we raised enough to meet our original goal of $190,600.00 and now $28,489.00 OVER!!!! PRAISE GOD!!! After our event, we raised enough sustaining funds to rescue 10 more orphans off the streets in Lusaka Zambia, THANK YOU

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.327619
Retrieved Text: Clean Water for Haiti is a registered foundation in Haiti that works in partnership with the CWH Foundation of Canada and Clean Water for Haiti US. We have a dedicated group of men and women from three countries that serve as board members. They work together as a Joint Committee to help provide oversight, accountability, and guidance as we work to accomplish the goals and mandates of the organization.
Nothing that is accomplished in Haiti would be possible without the people that choose to serve in this role. We are always on the look out for people that might make a great addition to our team. If you love what we do as an organization and have been looking for a way to get more involved our next addition could be you!
Alexandre is retired from the Haiti National Police and now works as an independent consultant.
Tanya recently retired from her job as a fraud specialist to do her dream job as an author full time. She has published more than 8 novels with more to come. She lives in Washington state with her husband Eric and their family.
Bob works with the homeless and marginalized through the John Howard Society in British Columbia, where he lives with his wife Bev.
Joe and his wife Jean live in Colorado where Joe works as a Global Transaction Tax Associate at Alvarez & Marsal.
Carlita and her husband Ryan run their own painting company in Alberta where they live with their family.
Drew is a Senior Manager at Finastra. He lives in Florida with

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.3237705
Retrieved Text: In Dafara, a dry, flat, featureless land located near the African city of Bobo Dioulasso in the West African savanna of Burkina Faso, you will find a strange crevice, seemingly out of place, accessible by a single trail leading into dense foliage. If you follow the trail into the dark fissure you will find that at its end lies a 100 meter diameter hole, wedged between two cliffs, that is filled with murky, putrid water. It is strange to find a pool of water in this area, particularly given that the nearest river is over 50 miles away, but even stranger is the man-eating creature that is reported to live within its watery depths.
Visitors to the pond located at the bottom of the crevice, which the natives call “The Rocks”, instinctively cringe at the horrid smell of rotting flesh and its dark banks littered with blood, flesh, and a variety of bones. You see, to the natives, The Rocks is a place where animals and other beasts are ritually tossed into the deep crevice to feed a strange creature which lives in the water below.
Pastor Swope’s sighting of the creature occurred in the summer of 1986. At the time, he was a travelling missionary visiting the city of Bobo Dioulasso when other missionaries suggested a tour of the legendary Dafara site. He watched as the natives tossed live chickens into water. Suddenly, the water began to swirl, bubbles erupted from its depths, and a large hump broke the surface of the water as the chickens were

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.30321
Retrieved Text: In Nepal, broom grass is transforming steep, degraded slopes above the Trishuli and Seti rivers in the Aamdanda village.
Water touches our lives every day, and it’s not just what we use for drinking or bathing. We all must share our water sources with other users – and that means we all have a role to play in protecting the sources of our water for today and tomorrow.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.288495
Retrieved Text: Ocean always intimidates me and every time I step into the water, I can’t shake off the anxiety that I may be drowned at any moment. I believe that it is largely due to the fact that I didn’t know how to swim until 2 years ago.
I have never had good and relaxed relationship with water. I don’t have phobia. I can put my head in the water without any problem. The anxiety resulted from the awareness that I didn’t know how to swim and therefore very likely got drowned.
Now, I know how to swim, though the anxiety stays with me in my sub consciousness ready to surface anytime it finds convenient.
And water can and does take lives. Hurricanes, or called Typhoons in Asia have taken thousands of lives and will take more.
And that’s the Yin part of Water.
What’s Yin and Yang? Yin means negative, dark, moon and feminine. Yang is just the opposite of everything Yin.
Yin-Yang theory, originated in China, is a philosophical thought. It holds that every living thing embodies both negative and positive qualities. It is a holistic approach to lives. Nothing is absolute.
The Yang part of the water is water is the life itself. Without water, humans won’t be standing on this Earth. Water cleanses, purifies and enlightens us. Ever watch waterfall and get this soaring feeling that you are rising above the ground, like the mists from the waterfall. Maybe it is just me daydreaming -:).
In China, there is a saying that knife can not cut through water. Water is pliable,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.286164
Retrieved Text: They said fortunate are those who were born with a gold or silver spoon in their mouth. It means that they belong to a rich family. And yes, in reality they are very lucky and to be envied. On the other hand, what could be luckier or shall I say, “happier” than to be born free and gifted with nature’s wealth? I am referring to those who were born on the farm, who lives far away from the crowded cities and whose source of living are mostly from the natural resources. No golds, no silver. Only free useful things from nature – free water , free vegetables, fresh air and free rice from the farm. What more can one ask for? Don’t you think that children born in this way of life are more fortunate than those with gold or silver spoon in their mouth?
On the farm, they live in a house called Nipa hut or “bahay Kubo”. “Bahay Kubo is not designed by the professional architects but by the indigenous hands of our forefathers. It is a native house in the Philippines that brings simple joy to a Filipino family. This traditional “ bahay-Kubo” is actually an icon of the Philippine culture called “Bayanihan”. It is a symbol of the simplicity of life of a Filipino who lives on the farm. Unlike in the cities, you cannot see a view of high rise buildings , malls and condominiums in the farm- only a row of “Palay” or rice plants.
As I always say, “ Best things

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.285372
Retrieved Text: The Sincerity Test – Pastor Jim Scudder, Jr.
Fill a clear glass with tap water.
Hold the glass up to the sun, and examine the water.
If you can see particles in the water or if the water is cloudy, then it is contaminated. If the water has an unpleasant smell, then it is impure – drink at your own risk. On the other hand, if the water is clear and has no added particles, colors, or odors, then it is more than likely sincere – drink up.
When we use the word “sincere,” we mean pure in character. We can examine the sincerity of our lives by using Step 2 in the test for water purity. Simply hold up your life – your words, actions, and convictions – to the light of God’s Word, and your credibility will be proved. How does your life rate on this scale?
To ensure we are living sincerely, each day we should filter our lives with prayer, asking God to search our hearts for contaminants. Then we should focus on Christ’s sacrifice and resurrection. Like a lid which keeps unwanted particles out of a cup, concentration on Christ will help us avoid sin and maintain purity.
A speck of dirt can contaminate an entire glass of water. A little sin can likewise corrupt a Christian. How clear is your life when it’s held up to the light? Do you say what you mean and mean what you say, or is your speech filled with hypocrisy and subtlety? Do you pollute your acts of service with

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.282169
Retrieved Text: Water, or H2O, is an unusual compound with amazing properties. Find out why water is essential to the existence of every living thing on Earth!
Water can be found naturally on Earth as a solid and a liquid, but not a gas.
The H2O molecule consists of one Hydrogen atom, and two Oxygen atoms.
It takes a lot of heat, or energy, to change the temperature of water.
Water covers approximately 75% of the Earth’s surface.
Water acts as an insulator, keeping the Earth’s temperature and weather patterns relatively stable. What property contributes to this? Imagine and discuss what would happen to our climate if the Earth wasn’t insulated so well.
Water has been called the Universal Solvent. Talk about what that actually means, and how we observe this property in our own lives, every day.
Although ¾ of the Earth’s surface is covered with water, only 3% of that is fresh water. The rest is salt water. Talk about the different sources we have for pure, fresh water. Also discuss the effects of human activity on our valuable water sources.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.279931
Retrieved Text: What if we could help offer access to clean water just by drinking it? That’s the simple idea behind the H2O Project—drink water to give it. Give up every beverage but tap water for a period of a week or two—just decide what works for you. Track what you save on coffee, soda or other drinks and donate it toward safe, clean water for our friends in desperate need. So grab some friends—your family, school or church —and change lives with us!
Have questions not answered in the Leadership Guide? Check out our FAQs.
Track what you save on other beverages—through our printable score card—then DONATE directly or inspire others to match your contribution by customizing and sharing your own fundraising page. We can't wait for you to see how God uses what you sacrifice!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.207587
Retrieved Text: Operation John 15:13, an Austin, Texas based, veteran run 501(c)(3) corporation. Through our Loss2Life campaign, our goal is to continue the legacy of service of our fallen heroes by saving lives. While we know that while we cannot change the past, we can give the memory of our heroes a future by providing clean water and hope to brothers and sisters in need in developing countries.
"Not one family member attended his memorial service at Fort Carson. When we arrived, the wives were escorted to the front (our husbands were still in Iraq) to sit in the place of honor - where the family sits. It broke my heart. My girlfriend's husband was in the convoy of vehicles when Tony was killed - he was one vehicle ahead of him. Tony took the most "dangerous" position in the convoy because he didn't have family - my girlfriend and her husband have three children. He died that day. I can think of no better way to honor him than a well in Uganda - he is not forgotten. I know that our God has him and is loving on him but my heart has been sad since that day."
The board of directors at Operation John 15:13 knows there is healing for the families and friends of fallen heroes in Ugandan water wells. Our collective heart mourns the loss of our heroes but it also rejoices in knowing that from loss, there can be life, found in the waters of a well thousands of miles from home.
"People die only

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.196889
Retrieved Text: On March 14, 2017 we released Crisis: Borderlands, a mini-doc we produced after visiting the US-Mexico border and hearing from local organizers, migrant advocates, and human rights aid workers.
While there, we learned how the new Trump regime's policies were impacting the local community. We saw police pepper spray an immigrant rights protest in the streets of Tucson, and went to the remote areas of the Sonora Desert to witness "water drops" left in hopes of saving lives.
We also followed humanitarian aid workers from an organization called No More Deaths through the remote Sonora Desert as they left water for migrants in what are called "water drops". No More Deaths volunteers explained their work providing aid to migrants lost in the borderlands because of the Border Patrol's policy of "Prevention Through Deterrence", which forces migrants into the remote desert where many lose their lives because they are unable to afford crossing a safer way.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.193256
Retrieved Text: The Water We Drink is The Short We Riff, full of The Jokes We Tell to inspire The Laughs You’ll Laugh!
This is one of those vintage educational shorts that breaks down the complex details of something most people never encounter in their lives: water. What is it? Where does it come from? What can you do with it? Is the puddle under the horse water? No, no it isn’t, and you shouldn’t drink it. And there’s a lot more to learn about water, but fear not, this Coronet short is ready to bring all that moist knowledge right to our dried-up dusty brains!
Not to be confused with The Shape of Water We Drink, that’s a much naughtier film. Get thirsty for The Water We Drink with Mike, Bill, and Kevin!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.181334
Retrieved Text: Our Lives is a colourful pictorial journey through children’s daily needs. It compares the lives of UK children with other children across the globe, through the topics of family, work, homes, food, water, health, schools and games.
This book is about the work of aid agencies, with a special focus on faith-based agencies such as Islamic Relief. It explains what aid agencies and faith based agencies do, how they work, where they work, and also what inspires them in the first place.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.178174
Retrieved Text: Our water filters company walks the walk when it comes to bringing clean water to the world. Today, I want to show you exactly what that means – and show how you have helped.
Whenever you purchase water filters or filtration systems from our company, a portion of the profits will go directly towards a water-based charity, including charity: water. Recently, charity: water shared with us some powerful stories and images from those that we’ve helped.
The May Shintro and Mai Gudguad communities in Ethiopia encompass about 400 people total. For years, people in these communities would walk up to two hours per day to collect water. Each person would receive about five liters of water daily for drinking, cooking and bathing. Much of their drinking water was contaminated and waterborne illnesses were devastatingly common.
In August 2013, donations made by our company – supported by your water filters purchases – helped support completion of hand dug wells. Your purchases have also helped to support ongoing education on water hygiene practices.
With the completion of the wells, 50% more families now have latrines in their home and each member of these communities can use up to 15 liters of water per day. And since water hygiene education began, waterborne illnesses are down 11%.
I’ve included a couple photos from these communities throughout this post showing what we’ve helped build together – as this imagery brings home the story more powerfully than my written words ever could. Click on any image for a closer look.
When I look at the amount of sales

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.168489
Retrieved Text: Lukewarm water. Comfortable to touch but not warm enough to cleanse and purify. Bacteria can still be present in the dishwasher with lukewarm water. Sickness may result from using these dishes or utensils that have been washed in this water.
Lukewarm faith: Love without utmost awe and adoration of the Divine Lord, the One and True God.
Lukewarm church: Have we tested the water? What temperature would we find inside each one of us for the Lord? Are we fervent in love for the Lord? Are we sincerely ardent in our faith? Are we wholly dedicated and devoted to Him– and Him alone?
Temperature taken: LUKEWARM—Neither Hot nor Cold but LOST.
When I was baptized, the water was very HOT. I remember my feet burning. It felt like I was going through some form of fire to scorch away my sins. Relief came when I arose from the water to a “comfortable” room temperature. What I felt in the water was not lukewarm. I felt the Lord’s presence more in the discomfort than in the comfort. I was opening the door while immersed in that water and saw His face as that of my Savior.
Perhaps we need the cold and hot times in our lives to truly seek the Lord, open the door, and find Him there—waiting. We must not be lukewarm in our love, faith, and walk with the Lord but, instead, be fervent, ardent, dedicated, and devoted to Him alone.
The Lord had a select few at His side during His last years on this earth. They were the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.143587
Retrieved Text: In November 2013 RA undertook its first off-shore mission to Kenya, to create links with local organisations in the towns of Kibwezi and Embu. Our intentions were not to presume what disabled people need, but to go and meet with people in these towns to understand more about their lives and daily challenges and to have them tell us what kind of equipment they feel could make their lives easier.
Our conversations resulted in an understanding it will not just be our equipment which could prove to be of future use, but also how we can, for a small financial outlay, help disabled people to set up or improve their own small micro-businesses. We have also identified how we could create employment opportunities for disabled people to assemble specialist mobility equipment in Kenya, as opposed to just receiving unwanted items from the UK.
Possibly most transformational of all, could be the difference we now feel RA could make after visiting several schools and also seeing for ourselves how a water project has transformed the lives of people in one particular area. Improving water distribution has the potential not only to transform the day-to-day lives of villagers, but also longer term sustainability through food production and accompanying income growth.
Perhaps most importantly we now have a network of Kenyan contacts, so have the chance to not just provide some much needed ‘aid’, but to also work directly with communities to develop themselves and to thereby make a much longer-term positive difference.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.097327
Retrieved Text: Humans don't exist in a vacuum. We live with other humans, and we live in a specific environment. In this lesson, we'll examine human & cultural geography, including what it is, and what types of topics are studied in the field.
Imagine two people who live in very different places. Rishi lives in a community in the desert, while Lin lives on a small, lush island. How do you think their lives are different?
Geography is the study of the earth and the people in it. The word geography literally means 'earth writing,' and that is what many geographers do: they write about the earth, and how people change the earth, and how the earth changes people.
Let's look closer at one type of geography: human and cultural geography, and some of the main topics that are studied in that area.
Remember that Rishi lives in the desert, while Lin lives on an island. The ways they are raised and the things they do are very different.
Culture is the collection of behaviors and traditions of a group of people. For example, in some cultures it is customary for a bride to wear white on her wedding day, while in other cultures, a bride wears red. Cultural geography involves studying how the physical environment interacts with the traditions of people.
To understand cultural geography, let's go back to Rishi and Lin for a moment. Rishi lives in the desert. Many of her culture's foods involve camel meat or milk. Lin, though, lives on an island. There aren't any camels around, so it's

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.088548
Retrieved Text: What does it look like to Step Up in faith?
WHY IS IT IMPORTANT TO STEP UP?
Life consists of a multitude of daily decisions. With each of these decisions we must come to a conclusion on whether we say yes or no. There is no backseat to these decisions that we face. When we answer the call to accept Christ into our lives we are actually giving a two-fold answer. First, we answer that we believe in Christ's complete sacrifice for all sin. The second of which is that we choose to live our lives for Christ, in the same way that He lived, to the best of our ability. In James 1:19-27 we read that we should not only be hearers of the Word of God, but doers as well. We aren't called to live life with a backseat mentality, we are called to Step Up and take action.
HOW DO I TAKE MY FIRST STEP?
Our first step starts with having faith in Christ and that he will be glorified in our decisions. Colossians 1:15-20 tells us that everything begins and ends with Christ. Our faith in Christ is what saves us, but our faith should produce works. James 2:14-26 explains that our faith is to be active along with our works, and that our faith is completed by our works. Faith and works aren't separate. When we choose to STEP UP in our faith in Christ, genuine love will be the product.
Maybe you're trying to decide to STEP UP to a new relationship, an engagement, or

================



======= Instance Index 1625 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what have roots?" and the following answer choices: 
- plants
 - fungi
 - cacti
 - clothing
 - density
 - grass
 - Conifers
 - h2o

Now knowing that roots grow in length and width from primary and secondary meristem and eg., growth in plants is mostly confined to meristems, choose the best answer.

Target Text: plants

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.186903
Retrieved Text: – Do you need help finding your roots?
-Do you need help translating record documents?
-Discovering the names and surnames of your ancestors?
-Do you want to find out in what region they lived?
-Do you what to know what kind of outfits they wore/ what kind of traditions they followed?
I have been passionate about genealogy for over ten years.
Over the years , I have been learning how to find ancestors, how to recreate a family tree. At the time, I indexed about 60 000 birth, marriages and deaths certificates written in Polish, Russian and Latin.
About 1500 translation (birth, marriages and deaths certificates) from Russian and Polish and into English.
I managed to discover not only my own roots, but also the roots of many people from Poland and from around the world.
I was also very pleased with the search for the Pasiak family, currently living in the USA, whose roots I discovered in the former Galicia, the Łętownia and Nowa Sarzyna district.
Another big discovery is the finding of the ancestors for the Kobylec family, one of it’s members, after the route traveled in the Brygada Strzelców Karpackiech / Carpatian Riffle Brigade, settled in Tasmania. Kobylec family also have their roots in the area of Miechów.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged Found my roots, Genealogy, How to found my roots, My family tree, Polish ancestry, Polish roots, Research Genealogy, russian certifcate genealogy, translate certificate birth.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.142665
Retrieved Text: Definition - What does Root mean?
In plants, roots are what anchor the stems while providing a hydration and feeding system. They also provide stability while absorbing maximum nutrients from the soil. While the roots are beneath the surface of the soil, vascular tissues such as the shoots, stems, and leaves protrude above earth.
The root comprises of the phloem, apical meristem, endodermis, xylem, root hair, and cortex cells. A group of roots and the area in the garden immediately surrounding the roots is commonly reffered to as a root zone. Botanists differentiate between three main types of root structures: taproot, fibrous, and adventitious.
In a taproot structure, smaller secondary roots tend to extend from the main dominant one. On the other hand, a fibrous root structure is made up of a variety of small roots, with no dominant one. Fibrous roots have a tendency to spread out across the surface, while taproots extend deeply under the surface of the soil.
Adventitious roots have a tendency to develop in a vine-like manner. Consequently, plants with these root systems cling to different items, such as tree trunks, instead going deep into the ground.
In a hydroponics system, a plant's roots can be visible throughout the life of the plant, depending on what system is chosen. This gives the grower the opportunity to always be aware of how well their plant is growing.
Most roots are covered in fine hair, which have an impressive absorption power, hence enabling the plant to take in as much liquid, minerals, and nutrients as possible.
Root cuttings are also

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.033769
Retrieved Text: Contact Us:. Plant your Roots and let us know what you have to say. Contact Us:. Plant your Roots and let us know what you have to say.
Sign up here for our mailing list.
Plant your Roots and let us know what you have to say.
We are here to answer all of your cannabis questions and fill all of your cannabis needs!
We are open from 9 am to 7 pm 7 days a week!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.868597
Retrieved Text: One fun way to start this lesson (which we all know is one of the toughest concepts for our students to grasp) is to start with a story.
The reason our students understand distributing and multiplying so much more than factoring and dividing is because passing things out, making something happen in the future, and making things bigger are all things that all people understand and accept.
Factoring and Dividing are not readily acceptable. Why? Because taking things away, things that happened in the past, and undoing are all things that most people struggle with.
Factoring is essentially figuring out where the current state of the Quadratic Equation came from. Essentially, what are it's Roots (This is where the story comes in, more later)? Rather than right off the rip teaching your students how to factor quadratic equations and do the mathematical calculations you really have to get them to grasp the fact that all they are really trying to do when factoring is figure out where the Equations came from. What factors made it?
Start class by asking some of the students how many of them know their roots (Family Roots). Ask a few of them where their families came from. Ask them about what makes up their families. How many brothers and sisters do they have. What does the make up of their immediate family look like?
Then get them to realize their roots are what made them what they are!
Put a Quadratic Equation on the board and say these simple words.
"Today we are going to find the Roots

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.84487
Retrieved Text: I have tiny roots, from I don't know where, that are so thick I cannot get a shovel into the ground. These are not roots like from a tree. They are very small and dense.
What is growing in that area? You need to see if you can figure out what plant these roots might be coming from. You might also want to contact your local extension office (found under government in the phone book). They can better help you determine where the roots are coming from and how to deal with them.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.805772
Retrieved Text: Let P(x) be a polynomial of degree and with	coefficients,	having different real roots and different complex roots	(not counted with multiplicities).	Let P'(x) be the derivative of P(x).	What is the degree of	gcd(P(x),P'(x)) ?
is a root of multiplicity ?
Answer -1 if you think that such polynomial does not exist.
If deg()= and deg()=,	then is a polynomial of degree ________.
Type x^3 for 3, etc.
The following polynomial has a multiple root. Find this root.
You may enter your polynomial under any form, developed or factored.	Type x^3 for 3, etc.
knowing that and are real, and that	is one of its roots.
Let P(x) be a polynomial of degree and with	coefficients,	having different real roots and different complex roots	(not counted with multiplicities).	Let P''(x) be the second derivative of P(x).	What is the minimum of degree of	gcd(P(x),P''(x)) ?
Let P(x) be a polynomial of degree and with	coefficients,	having different real roots and different complex roots	(not counted with multiplicities).	Let P()(x) be the -th derivative of P(x).	What is the minimum of degree of	gcd(P(x),P()(x)) ?
The number is a root of the polynomial below. Compute its	multiplicity.
Find a value of so that the following polynomial has a	multiple root, and find this multiple root.
WARNING. This exercise does not accept approximative replies! There	is always an integer solution. Find it.
P() = 2 + () + ().
You may enter the two roots , in any order.
Let P() = 2 + be a polynomial	with real coefficients, having two conjugate complex roots. What is the real	part of a root r?
If is a root of , then .
If is a root of multiplicity of () and also	a root of multiplicity of (),	then is a root

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.7448
Retrieved Text: Click here to learn about the latest updates and progress of our organization.
You have questions, and we have answers! That's why we've created this page to keep you informed about what we do and how you can unearth your roots today!
Unearthing Your Roots in Atlanta. Your Origin. Your History. Your Story.
Genealogy is the study of who you are in a sense of tracing your ancestors.
What are the benefits of having genealogy research services done with Unearthing Your Roots?
Here at Unearthing Your Roots we reveal elements that give you perpetual insight to the story of your ancestors and their journey as people across time.
What's the difference between traditional "family-tree" research and DNA testing?
The most notable difference between traditional ancestral research and DNA analysis is through ritual pedigree investigation one gains an intimate understanding of what your ancestors lives was like. For example, their occupation, immigration, and civil/ (or) criminal records. On the contrary, DNA testing analysis presents a macro perspective to the migration of your ancestors and the traits you have inherited of the course of generations.
All you need is to sign up and we will contact you shortly to set up a consultation.
Copyright © 2018-2019 Unearthing Your Roots LLC.- All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.726918
Retrieved Text: Tree roots are a major part of what keeps these massive plants functional, and while it’s a wonder to see nature in action, it’s also irritating when that nature interferes with your plans or designs for where you live. Unlike cutting a branch or two, tree root removal is a very involved process that may require specialized attention and tools. Here’s how to make it happen.
The same things that make the question of how to remove tree roots such a headscratcher, are also what make them so effective in the first place. Chances are you probably have a working knowledge of exactly how the roots work. All plants need nutrients in the soil, and roots help draw those nutrients into the trunk. For trees, there’s also a second type of root: structural roots. These are designed to help support the tree’s weight, and being thicker and stronger, they pose the biggest block to tree root removal.
For the most part, unless you have tree roots interfering with piping or something underground, the main reasons to get rid of them are cosmetic. For example, if you cut down the trunk of a tree, but don’t want it growing back, you want to make sure you get rid of the roots as well. By the same token, tree roots and stumps may interfere with seeding grass in a certain area. In terms of timing, tree root removal is much like removing any portion of the tree, in that the dormant period between late winter and early spring is best.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.713836
Retrieved Text: Last weekend, Common Roots Brewing unexpectedly caught on fire completely destroying the tasting room and other parts of the facility. Well, businesses from all over the Capital Region have been doing what they can to help.
Artisanal Brew Works in Saratoga Springs hosted a brainstorm the night after the fire to get ideas together about what everyone can do to help. WYNT broke down a few ideas that included Common Roots developing a beer that would be sold at various Capital Region businesses, a fundraiser held at SingleCut in Clifton Park, and more.
Some businesses have taken it upon themselves to host fundraisers for Common Roots. Sunday, April 7th the Queensbury Hotel will be hosting Rally for the Roots North and Friday, April 12th at Takk House in Troy will be hosting Rally for the Roots South. Each event is $25 each or $45 for tickets to both events, $10 for a DD. You can look for updates on the Friends of Common Roots Facebook page. A GoFundMe has also been started to raise money.
This Wednesday, April 3rd, Frog Alley Brewing in Schenectady will also be hosting a fundraiser. From 4:00-8:00pm, they will have a $6 pint special where $1 from each pint will go to Common Roots Brewing. They’re updating that through the Facebook event.
Clark’s Steakhouse in Schuylerville is also looking to do something to help, according to their Facebook page.
I’ll update as I find out more. If you’re aware of other things going on, email me 518BitesNSights@gmail.com.
If you want to help Common Roots, you can email

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.649311
Retrieved Text: What Are Aerial Roots and What Should I Do with Them?
If you’ve asked the question above, you are not alone! Let’s first geek out a little about words and define “aerial roots.” The prefix “aer-” is derived from the Latin word aer, which means air. So the word aerial itself is the key to unlocking the meaning. In orchids (as well as many other plants), aerial roots are roots that grow from the base of the plant upward, or out into the air, rather than down into the soil or inside the pot.
Say you have a lovely Phalaenopsis orchid and one day you notice that there’s something growing off of its spike, something that doesn’t look like a flower bud. Maybe it looks like a new leaf or two (like in the photo to the right)…and after awhile what looks like a root starts to appear. What is this growth? Is it normal, and what should you do with it?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.623262
Retrieved Text: Your previous password is encrypted in a way that not even our techies can get access to it. Resetting your password is the safest way to quickly get your new account setup on Roots of Cali.
Do I have to resubmit my documents to get verified as a Roots of Cali patient?
What is Roots of Cali?
Roots of Cali is the easiest way to order Cannabis from local dispensaries.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.602311
Retrieved Text: The Redwood trees in California can grow more than 320 feet high. Some have a 24 feet wide trunk. They have a life span of thousands of years. How deep their roots must be!
But surprisingly, their roots don’t grow deep at all. They move horizontally, and intertwine with the roots of other redwoods and thus gain stability.
What is nature whispering through the redwoods? A leadership lesson….
Last year I went a redwood forest in California and there were these massive redwood trees. Some of them are 2000 years old, others are thousand year old, hundreds and hundreds of years old. There are the tallest tree in the world there are the biggest tree in the world and there are some of the oldest tree in the world and I was walking with a friend and we happen to come across a group of Chinese tourist.They had their cameras and they were all in a circle around the forest rangers, did you like the story so far? the forest ranger was teaching the underground secret of the redwood trees. Now I am from the counter culture from 1960’s in America, so I have always been attracted to underground secretes, so I stopped and I told my friend, lets listen to this and the forest ranger, I never thought I would hear a Bhagavat Gita class from a forest ranger. It was actually he didn’t know what Bhagavat Gita is but he was speaking the message of the Bhagavat Gita by just explaining the nature of the redwood trees.
First

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.576629
Retrieved Text: Were all the trees the same species?
Hi Kathy: yes, all were ‘Bloodgood’ plane trees.
Would you care to speculate on whether you think these results are generalizable to smaller potted plants?
Yes we want to be careful about generalizing because we are removing a good bit of root area. Based on these observations, where I see the benefit of shaving is the removal of the ‘pancake’ of roots at the bottom of the containers. We grew the trees in the containers for two years, which is not unusual for larger shade trees. For trees that are not grown in containers as long or do not have as aggressive roots as the plane trees, there may be less benefit. But if you clearly see circling roots or a mat of roots at the bottom, this can help stimulate some new (and better) roots.
It is a bit hard to tell from the pictures how root bound the original trees were. they seem to have some small roots starting to circle around the pot, but they don’t look overly root bound. Would you agree?
Good eye Robert. There were some circling roots starting to form and a pancake of roots at the bottom but I have certainly seen A LOT worse. This is another reason I was so surprised by the response we got from the shaving procedure compared to the control.
How was the growth in the canopies of the trees? Was there a difference noted there?
We have measured annual height and caliper growth each year and will track that for a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.567066
Retrieved Text: Most of us feel a daily tension giving priority where it belongs. It isn’t easy. Our culture pressures us and preaches its priorities from the magazine racks: Body Builder, Fashion, Vanity Fair, and Vogue.
We’ll never see slick publications called, Popular Morality, Self-Control Digest, The Perseverance Report, or Love Illustrated (though that last one might sell a few).
In the world we live in, it’s all about the leaves.
This type of marketing baits our weaker natures. To keep up appearances, we’ll water our leaves and lengthen our limbs . . . but neglect our roots. We’ll give priority to the visible and impressive and assume the unseen will care for itself.
But our spiritual lives never take care of themselves.
The problem, of course, reveals itself when the wind blows. With shallow roots in our lives, the leaves and limbs upend the whole tree—and it dies.
I’ll never forget seeing a friend who spent two years in a federal prison. At one time, he had a million bucks in the bank—that’s a lot of green leaves! When I visited him, he told me money never made him happy.
He had focused on the leaves, not the roots. The wallpaper, not the foundation. The starched shirt, not the heart beneath it.
Most likely, we have all the leaves and limbs in place. Our externals appear impressive—a decent income, comfortable cars, a good home, a fine-trimmed lawn, the latest clothes and techie gadgets. But what about the silent and unseen parts of our lives?
These remain the silent, unseen, and yet, essential roots of what makes

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.558187
Retrieved Text: Last edited by All Clear Sewer; 03-19-2008, 04:41 PM.
No BS Steve, If I pulled that out, I would've hung that on my wall. That's some serious roots. Can you give specifics of the job. Imagine if you and Rick combined forces to combat the evil spread of roots? The sewers would be a much better place.
That is the biggest root ball I have ever seen. I agree the K-60 couldn't do it, but I bet a K-1500 with 1.25" innercore could! Sectionals got ballz too.
But anyway mad respect for that rootball and I salute you and your mighty K-7500!!! I have used one too, and its a beast!
In the last picture it looks like the laundry room? Where was the cleanout? Low ? High? What a monster! Drain must have been pretty slow for a while with that in there.
I concur. I've pulled out roots like that with my 1065.
nice fish you caught there, looks like there ripe for a camera insp. and a little rehab.
Nice work, how long that take you start to finish?
Kudos to you for a nice retrive. It almost reminds me of the monster ball of roots I pulled out of a 2" trap on a pool deck with my K-50.
I`m always the last guy called in as my price is always a bit higher then the cut throat guys. I was at this house for about an hour and a half.
Last edited by All Clear Sewer; 03-19-2008, 09:31 PM.
it figures it's a single person. we call it the old lady syndrome.
only

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.552445
Retrieved Text: Have you ever tried wearing a belt around your waist (or a corset!) with someone else tightening it for you? If you answered yes, then you probably already have an idea about what girdling roots can do to a tree! Just imagine getting squeezed tighter and tighter, and you will understand why girdling roots must be dealt with right away.
circling root which wraps around the tree’s trunk.
At Better City Tree Services, Inc., girdling roots are part of our clients’ few concerns. But actually, they are more common than you may realize. As they limit the movement of water and nutrients, they eventually cause affected trunks to become weaker and more unstable. Studies show that trees may die within five to fifteen years’ time as a result of girdling roots alone, or along with other environmental stresses.
The symptoms of girdling roots manifest as trees mature, but these problems generally start when the trees are still young. Possible indications often include a thin or sparse canopy of leaves, off-colored or slightly yellow leaves, frost crack or sunscald, and wilting or scorching leaves. Trees may also have no visible root flare at the surface of the soil, or their trunks may appear to be pinched at the surface. As a company offering quality tree service in Bay Point, we recommend that you treat the problem promptly so as to avoid greater damage.
Cultural practices such as irrigation and tree trimming in Walnut Creek usually does not offset the effects of girdled roots. So, as soon as a young tree shows

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.532379
Retrieved Text: If you grow succulents, it won’t be long before you see some fine, little roots growing out of the stem of your plant. Those are called aerial roots! Don’t panic; your plant is probably healthy.
Aerial roots can be an indication that your succulent wants to be cared for a little differently, though. Read on to learn about air roots and what to do about them!
What are Aerial Roots for?
1. Aerial Roots can absorb water from the air.
2. Aerial Roots can absorb nutrients from the air.
3. Aerial Roots can absorb, uh, air from the air.
4. Aerial Roots can provide structural support.
5. Aerial Roots can be propagative.
What Kinds of Plants Grow Aerial Roots?
Why is my Succulent Growing Aerial Roots?
Is your succulent getting enough light?
Is there an issue with watering?
Can I Remove Aerial Roots?
An adventitious root is any root that grows from a place that isn’t the, well, roots. If it’s growing from the stem or leaves, it’s adventitious.
If it’s an adventitious root just wiggling around in the air, it’s described as an aerial root. Aerial roots are usually pretty soft and thin. They often start out pinkish-purple and slowly fade to white as they mature. Given enough time, a few months or so, they often turn brown and shrivel up.
Aerial roots are generalists – they can have several different functions.
In places with high humidity, some plants get their water from the air instead of the ground. Aerial roots are usually the ones absorbing water vapor, but it’s at a slower pace than traditional roots. Additionally, as they get

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.516766
Retrieved Text: When it comes to plant roots, there are all sorts and one of the more common includes aerial roots on houseplants. So you’re likely asking, “What are aerial roots and can I plant aerial roots to make new plants?” For answers to these questions, keep reading to learn more about plants with aerial roots.
Aerial roots are roots that grow on the above-ground parts of a plant. Aerial roots on woody vines function as anchors, affixing the plant to supporting structures such as trellises, rocks and walls.
Some types of aerial roots also absorb moisture and nutrients, just like underground roots. Plants that live in marshes and bogs have underground roots, but they can’t absorb gasses from the air. These plants produce above ground “breathing roots” to help them with air exchange.
Why Does My Plant Have Roots Coming Off the Sides?
Aerial roots perform a number of functions. They help with air exchange, propagation, stability and nourishment. In many cases, aerial roots can be removed without harm to the plant. In some cases, however, they are essential to the plant’s health and best left alone.
Can I Plant Aerial Roots?
Aerial roots on houseplants provide good examples of roots that you can plant. You’ll find one of the most familiar examples of this on spider plants. Often grown in hanging baskets, spider plants produce plantlets that dangle from specialized, wiry stems that arch outward from the plant. Each plantlet has several aerial roots. You can propagate the plant by snipping off the plantlets and planting them with their roots under the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.504001
Retrieved Text: The REAL Housewife of Snohomish County: How deep and widespread are your roots?
I spent the first 28 years of my life running from town to town, state to state, ocean to ocean. After all this bouncing around, begrudgingly, I settled down in Seattle. As I've said before, I moved here to be closer to my sister and her family in 2008...and this is something that I don't regret a second of! But that being said, I won't lie, ever since I landed in the Pacific Northwest I couldn't wait to get out. While yes, this area of the country is beautiful, and the weather is pretty mild compared to other areas I've lived...it never felt like a place that I wanted to put down roots.
All that changed in October of 2010, when I met Michael. Michael knows that my heart is in Hawaii...but he also knows that because of our life together...I've become quite content here in Edmonds. For the first time in my life I actually feel like I'm putting down roots. I can picture my children...and grandchildren running across these hardwood floors. I can hear doors slamming upstairs (maybe some of that is from me!) and stomping up and down the stairs. Even as I write this, I'm looking out into our backyard and I see our two patio chairs sitting on the lawn.
This is what home is to me...this is what putting down roots feels like to me. Like that little onion that spread its roots out far and wide from its one

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.489328
Retrieved Text: A Stephenson genealogical journey of the past, present, and future roots.
Have you ever wondered how far back in your family tree you could go? Have you ever longed to know more about the roots from hence you came? Have you ever wondered what famous people in history you just might be related to? Well, I have.
After my retirement a few years ago, I quickly found myself interested in pursuing this venture while enjoying my coffee and newspaper (and laptop computer). With the right URLs, the right databases, etc., you can do it too. Not only has this brought me a lot of pleasure, it has also been something wonderful to share with my family — and even my Dad. For his birthday he received a new laptop computer in hopes he would get into this searching mode with me. Sharing your family roots with each other is a very rewarding pastime for everyone.
While following my family roots on this blog, I will be sharing with you some wonderful information to help you also locate your roots. Are you ready? Well then, let’s start our historical journey and watch the roots start growing faster along the way. Plan on having a fun time because you will!
Oh, by the way, did I mention I was a history major in college. Yes, I love history. So look to see some history thrown in here as well — whether it be American history, European history, or just plain the history of Memphis where I live.
I am a Stephenson. I come

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.487913
Retrieved Text: Why use capital markets to raise capital for SMEs?
Activity and/or seat in Greece. Companies having their seat in another country must have their main operation and/or production in Greece.
Legal form of a Société anonyme (S.A.) or intention to transform into a S.A. (or the equivalent S.A. legal form for companies having their seat in another country).
What are the program objectives?
Mobilize the capital markets ecosystem to diversify and strengthen the financing options available for SMEs.
Train, mentor and accelerate innovative SMEs to the point of investment-readiness.
Εnable SMEs to present their investment case in terms of risk return and to facilitate investors to make their decision.
Facilitate knowledge transfers, collaboration, and the sharing of best practices.
Which sectors does Roots support?
The Roots Program is designed for companies that are active across all sectors of the Greek economy, and demonstrate high potential for growth in an increasingly innovation-focused, digitalized, and globalized economy.
What are the benefits for companies participating in Roots?
Achieve capital market readiness and present your investment proposal to a wider investor audience.
Corporate Champions are leading Greek companies who champion each sector, transferring know-how and supporting the entrepreneurial ecosystem. Corporate Champions provide experienced professionals to act as Mentors.
Advisory Partners​​​​​​​ are leading providers of business consultancy services and they offer technical advice and help companies reach the point of investment readiness. Advisory Partners provide experienced corporate finance professionals to support and advise companies by taking on the role of the Investment Advisor or the Mentor.
Who are the Investment Advisors and what is their role?
Investment Advisors are experienced executives from the Program's Advisory Partners.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.433931
Retrieved Text: It's also advisable to play around with your own hair to check out what kind of undercut blonde pixie with dark roots you desire. Stand looking at a mirror and try some different models, or flip your hair around to observe everything that it could be enjoy to own short hairstyle. Ultimately, you should get yourself the latest cut that will make you look confident and pleased, no matter if it compliments your appearance. Your cut must certainly be dependent on your own tastes.
There are lots of pixie haircut which can be easy to try, browse at photos of someone with the same facial structure as you. Lookup your face figure on the web and browse through photographs of person with your face profile. Think about what type of style the celebrities in these pictures have, and even if you'd want that undercut blonde pixie with dark roots.
For everybody who is that has a difficult time determining what pixie haircut you want, set up an appointment with a professional to share with you your options. You may not have to get your undercut blonde pixie with dark roots then and there, but obtaining the view of a professional might help you to make your choice.
Locate a good a professional to have awesome undercut blonde pixie with dark roots. Knowing you've an expert you can actually confidence with your own hair, finding a great haircut becomes way less stressful. Do research and find an excellent skilled that's willing to listen to your a few ideas and correctly

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.428577
Retrieved Text: What type of root system does a chaste tree have?
What type of root system does a chaste tree have? I am concerned about roots growing into our septic system.
Chaste Tree is fast growing and I did find some reports of the roots being invasive and causing issues with foundations and septic systems.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.427435
Retrieved Text: Definition - What does Fibrous Root mean?
In contrast to a taproot system, fibrous roots are normally formed by moderately branching and fairly slender roots that grow directly from the stem. This particular root system has been shown to be universal when it comes to monocotyledonous ferns and plants. Visually-speaking, fibrous roots can look similar to a fanned-out mat when the tree or plant reaches full maturity.
Some trees can initially start off with a taproot system that consequently evolves into a wide-spreading fibrous system. Grass and coconut palm trees commonly display fibrous root systems. These root systems are characterized by its large cluster of roots that are roughly the same size. Fibrous roots also tend to grow closer to the surface. In most cases, plants with leaves that display parallel venation tend to have fibrous roots.
In forages, the fibrous root system can help in protecting the plants against soil erosion since the roots remain firmly anchored to the upper soil layer.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.411498
Retrieved Text: Since Entangling Roots is now usable indoors, this opens up the possibility of a druid tank using the spell to pull, effectively being his or her own crowd control for 27 seconds. This could very well end up being a useful glyph for the feral bear, especially if you pass on the feral cat glyphs.
Overall, a great multiple spec glyph for solo, pvp, and pve play.
Anyway, this has viability for PvP and PvE IMO, it effecitvley allows you to get maybe and extra Wrath or two before the target breaks the snare, quite helpful in PvP situations when trying to fight melee. Soloing and instance running will also benefit, making the effect last longer while instancing, and being able to take on elite mobs while soloing more effectively.
This Glyph needs clarifying. Does it mean that the target takes 20% extra damage from attacks, or does it mean there is a predefined limit to the amount of damage a target can take and when that limit is exceeded the roots will break.
Thanks for pointing what I already knew. Sadly that doesn't answer my question. I wanna know what the glyph does. Is it increase damage taken by victim or allow 20% extra damage to be taken before roots break.
Both of those things that you are saying are the same, as far as I can tell. Maybe you can clarify more.
Edit: It says "damage they can take" meaning not the damage done by roots is increased, but that the cap before the target is unrooted via damage is

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.408054
Retrieved Text: Vanda orchids use aerial roots to climb support structures.
2 Do Orchids Have Adventitious Roots?
With more than 25,000 species in nature and many more cultivated hybrids, Orchidaceae may be the largest family in the plant kingdom. With so much natural diversity, shared structures may serve different functions in closely related species, and this is certainly the case for aerial roots. In nature, specialized structures may develop for one purpose and later adapt to serve other purposes. By this means, orchids' aerial roots have come to serve a variety of functions, including physical support, water and nutrient uptake, and even photosynthesis.
Physical support is a primary function of plant roots, and aerial roots are no exception. Climbing orchids, such as vanilla (Vanilla planifolia), use adventitious aerial roots to climb other plants and compete for light, while their terrestrial roots remain in the ground. Epiphytic orchids forgo terrestrial roots entirely and employ aerial roots to anchor them to the branches of forest trees. Less commonly, orchids known as lithophytes follow a similar strategy but occupy rocks rather than forest canopies.
Like all plants, orchids obtain water from their roots. According to the American Orchid Society, however, the structure of orchid aerial roots is quite different from that of ordinary terrestrial plant roots. A spongy tissue called velamen coats the inner core of orchids' aerial roots, holding in water and ensuring the plants never become too dry. These roots are able to take up water from the environment and hold it for use when conditions are drier.
Most plants obtain nutrients from their

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.383178
Retrieved Text: Why Study Latin and Greek Roots?
Where Do Your Words Come From?
The Latin and Greek Roots Challenge does not take a lot of class time. Lessons are quick, but can be extended as much as teachers or parents want.
students to look within a word to find its meaning!
Schools can implement the Latin and Greek Roots Challenge for less that $500 for an average classroom.
Teachers or parents do not need training in Latin or Greek to use the Latin and Greek Roots Challenge.
​​Content copyright 2017 - The Rooted Mind, LLC - All rights reserved.
Please reach out to us if you have any questions regarding what or how to order any of our Roots Challenge materials.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.380359
Retrieved Text: Dealing with tree roots isn’t the most glamorous job for any homeowner or Arborist. But, when roots begin to intrude on a home’s foundation and infrastructure, there’s bound to be trouble and it should be addressed right away.
Trees are so plentiful in this region that we tend not to see them. It’s easier to be aware of large branches dropping on your home, but what could cause more expensive damage is likely happening right under your feet.
Even though tree roots grow very slowly, they actually put a tremendous amount of pressure on the surrounding soil and whatever is built on it. As they grow and reach out in search of water and nutrients, they displace the ground around them. While clay soil will compact more tightly, loose, dry soil will shift and may fail to support a structural load. The roots themselves generally cannot cause direct damage to buildings and their foundations, but all of that soil displacement certainly can. When the ground moves, whatever is sitting on will move, too. Older, deteriorated building materials may develop cracks, which would then allow smaller tree roots to penetrate and cause further damage.
By their very design, drainage systems are a powerful attractant for tree roots, particularly in dry areas that get less rainfall. Standard drain pipes are actually perforated to allow for waste water to move through the building’s interior plumbing to the ground. These little holes are the perfect invitation for tree roots as they can easily creep inside. In severe cases they can completely block or

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.371732
Retrieved Text: What should you do if you have roots in the sewer line? Get the facts to ensure a job well done for your sewer system.
If your sewer line is leaking or clogged, there may be tree roots in the sewer line. Tree roots are one of the most common issues homeowners face when it comes to sewer line problems. As tree roots grow, they can cause the sewer line to leak. They can also cause the sewer line to become clogged and stop working, or—even worse—cause the raw sewage to flood into your home.
Why Are Roots in Sewer Line Bad?
When roots get into a sewer line, they break through the pipes and cause large cracks. These cracks continue to grow over time, letting sewer water leak out into your yard. Since the roots will continue to grow, they may eventually cut off your sewer line entirely. Once this happens, you’ll find your drains will stop working effectively. Furthermore, your toilets may stop flushing, and you will begin to experience sewage flowing back into your home.
If you have a tree anywhere near your property, there could be roots in your sewer line. Noting the presence of a tree nearby may not be enough, as trees can spread very unpredictably. In fact, if your sewer line has already begun to leak, it’s likely tree roots will grow towards your sewer line in search of moisture.
How Can You Tell If There Are Roots in Your Sewer Line?
Areas of your yard are growing rapidly: sewer water leaking out into your

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.342728
Retrieved Text: Image Credit: Bryan Bedder/Getty Images;Annabel MehranHere’s your random yet awesome music news of the day: A rep for the Roots confirms exclusively to the Music Mix that Joanna Newsom, John Legend, and My Morning Jacket/Monsters of Folk’s Jim James will all appear on the Roots’ upcoming album How I Got Over.
It’s been ten months since the Roots debuted that album’s excellent title track on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon, and the rest of the record has yet to appear. That’s okay — we fans are willing to wait, and we all know the Roots are busy with their day late night job. Still, the delay has made me, for one, desperate for any new information about How I Got Over. Last night, Roots drummer ?uestlove dropped just such a tantalizing crumb on Twitter: “yes indeed we are working hard on #HOWIGOTOVER (first look) mixing the Joanna Newsome Jawn.” Could that possibly mean what I thought it meant? Yep! Now we know it’s true: The brilliant indie harpist and the baddest hip-hop band in the land will be together on wax at last.
The Roots’ rep adds that John Legend and Jim James have recently recorded parts for How I Got Over, as well. That lineup is shaping up nicely, huh? While the album has yet to receive a firm release date, the rep says Black Thought is currently finishing recording his vocals. Let’s hope we get to hear the product of all this collaboration sooner rather than later.
Anyone else psyched to hear what what the Roots and

================



======= Instance Index 1250 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what requires water?" and the following answer choices: 
- Power plants
 - peachleaf willow
 - animal transport
 - engines
 - Most plants
 - mouth of rivers
 - an organism's body
 - fertilization

Now knowing that fertilization occurs when sperm swim to an egg inside an archegonium and water is needed to transport flagellated sperm to archegonium, choose the best answer.

Target Text: fertilization

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.192492
Retrieved Text: You can help PLEON monitor your lake by volunteering as a Citizen Scientist!
PLEON provides training and equipment for individuals to collect water quality data on their lake. Data are submitted to PLEON at the end of the sampling season and are collated and analyzed by PLEON scientists. You receive a summary of the data you collected which includes explanations of the what your results mean.
Data collected through this program will be entered into the PLEON database. The more people who participate within a lake community and within the region, the better we can begin to understand spatial and temporal patterns of lakes in the Poconos.
There are many sampling options available, so you can choose how much time and effort you want to invest. PLEON scientists will build a sampling kit based on your sampling plan and train you in the use of the sampling equipment.
Peruse our citizen science sampling options below and decide what you would like to sample, and how often.
Return the datasheets and/or water samples to PLEON and wait for your results report.
​Klug, J.L., G.L. Bollard, and R. White. 2017. Tool-kit for implementing a Citizen-Led Environmental Observatory (CLEO) on your lake. CES4Health.info.
This option requires a single reading of water temperature, Secchi depth, water color, particles, surface scum, and woody debris. The program takes approximately 10-15 minutes to complete.
This option requires multiple readings of water temperature, Secchi depth, water color, particles, surface scum, and woody debris. An ideal monitoring schedule is once a week Memorial Day through Labor Day. Monitoring takes approximately 10-15 minutes.
This option

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.183393
Retrieved Text: A Question we get asked all the time – How much water should I drink?
There are several factors to consider, so let’s get into it!
1. What type of foods are you eating. Meats require a lot of breakdown (chemical breakdown requires water) , high fiber foods require water to allow the fiber to move through your intestine. If you have specific questions comment below and if I can’t answer I’ll be tagging a fabulous friend who can answer.
2. About 30ml of water per kg of lean body mass*. If your percentage of body fat is 20%, your lean body mass (LBM) is 80%.
3. Activity level – let’s think of activity even on a cellular level. Remember our body needs water for every chemical reaction from hormone regulation to fat-burning. Throw in stress (requires energy) and exercise or a physical job, and you’ll likely need more to stay alert and energized.
5. Lastly, and simply what colour is your pee? (Google ‘urine chart’ 📊 for more info)!
If you need help with any of this – feel free to drop us a line!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.086987
Retrieved Text: What is the Water Framework Directive (WFD)?
The WFD came into force in the EU in December 2000 and was incorporated into Irish law by regulations in December 2003.
The WFD establishes a legal framework for the protection and management of water resources throughout the EU.
What are the main objectives of the WFD?
Restore all waters that are impaired so that they achieve at least good status by 2015.
These objectives will be achieved through the development of River Basin Management Plans (RBMP) and ongoing surveillance monitoring.
The WFD calls for the protection and restoration of clean water across Europe.
A key step in this process is for Member States to assess the health of their surface waters through national monitoring programmes.
Once Member States have determined the current ecological status of their water bodies, ongoing monitoring then helps Member States to track the effectiveness of measures needed to clean up water bodies and achieve good ecological status.
What is monitored for the WFD?
WFD requires monitoring of water chemistry, fish, algae, insects, plankton, plants and habitat.
WFD also requires monitoring of human impacts on hydromorphology (i.e. the physical shape of river systems).
Who will monitor fish for the WFD?
Inland Fisheries Ireland (previously the Central and Regional Fisheries Boards) has been assigned the responsibility of delivering information on fish stocks.
A team of scientists have been recruited to carry out monitoring surveys examining the fish populations on lakes, rivers, canals and estuaries across Ireland.
Where will sampling take place?
These aim to include a range of habitats and ecological status classes.
Over 300 sites encompassing rivers, lakes and transitional waters (estuaries)

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.92094
Retrieved Text: Definition - What does Jetting mean?
Jetting is the process of using jets of liquid under high pressure to create a guided bore through loose soil, to clear the face of a utility crossing or -with the addition of an abrasive- to clean downhole drilling components. Jetting requires both a high-pressure water source, provided by a compressor, and specialty nozzles attached to the bottom hole assembly (BHA).
When creating a guided bore or washing out the face of a utility crossing, the jet of water is directed by the driller to bore through non-compacted soil and loose materials.
A driller can also use jetting to clean downhole components of the mud and muck these tools acquire when working in the bore. This process is known as abrasive jetting. Cleaning downhole components requires the addition of abrasives, such as sand or silica, to the water stream. It also requires special jet attachments called abrasive jetting machinery (AJM) which can be inserted into drill string componentsk cush as drill pipe.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.869637
Retrieved Text: Owning an aquarium means much more than buying pretty fish and throwing them in a bowl of water. Caring for your fish’s habitat requires an investment larger than just buying them food. That’s why aquarium lights have grown so much in popularity. But even choosing the right light for your aquarium requires a little bit of research. If you light it up too much, the water can end up having algae and that’s something you do not want to deal with. On the other hand, light that’s not powerful enough will prevent your coral, plants and, fish from growing. SO let’s figure out what’s the best LED lights for freshwater aquariums as well as salt water.
What is the Best Light for Saltwater Aquariums?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.770956
Retrieved Text: Our energy choices have a direct effect on our water resources.
Most of us understand how installing a low-flow showerhead or turning off the water while brushing our teeth makes sense for saving water. But what if buying an efficient refrigerator or installing energy-efficient lighting was just as connected to saving water? And what if those water-efficient choices also meant using less energy and causing less carbon emissions?
As it turns out, water and energy are intertwined. Producing energy uses water, and providing freshwater uses energy. Both these processes face growing limits and problems.
In most power plants, water cools the steam that spins the electricity-generating turbines. Refining transportation fuels requires water, as does producing fuels—for example, mining coal, extracting petroleum, or growing crops for biofuels. Using water in our homes and businesses requires getting it there, treating it, heating it, and more.
Because of these links between energy and water, problems for one can create problems for the other. In places where using energy requires a large share of available water, or where water resources are scarce or stressed by competing pressures (such as the needs of farmers or of local ecosystems or, increasingly in many parts of the United States, by climate change), the energy-water connection can turn into a collision—with dangerous implications for both.
Almost all major sources of electricity rely to some degree on water. Most power plants generate heat from their fuel (by burning coal or natural gas, for example, or by maintaining a fission reaction), and use that heat to boil water, produce steam, and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.738611
Retrieved Text: As a responsible fashion company we are committed to do what we can to reduce our environmental impact and act with both people and planet in mind. Ismail Demir, Global Product Developer at Lindex Bangladesh office, is one of the colleagues working on the sustainable denim project. As the denim expert he is, we let him answer a few questions!
What are the challenges within denim production?
In general the challenges for denim production are the same as within textile production in total; all textile production requires a lot of water, energy and chemicals. But in denim production the consumption is intensified with the many washes needed to get the right look. As denim producers we need to alter and reduce production methods that has a negative impact on the environment and for us, the biggest denim challenge is to drop some washes and change the recipes at the same time as we achieve the right look.
Why does denim production require so much water, energy and chemicals?
To give denim the fashion look that we want, it often requires many technical processes like dyeing and stone washing for example, which are water and energy based processes. That’s why denim is consuming even more water, energy and chemicals than other garments. Many washes equals much water, and as washes usually are heated it also means much energy. Some of the washes contains coloring and chemicals, and with much water in the wash more chemicals has to be used.
What does sustainable denim really mean?
Sustainable denim means that, besides using sustainable cotton,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.652849
Retrieved Text: 2012 - View DSR2012C-Hindi in PDF. 2007 - Reprint 2010 - view in PDF . 2007 - View in PDF . 2002 Manual on Rain Water Harvesting Compilation of Quality Assurance Circulars of CPWD:2001 Integrated Planning & Analysis (IPA)... Arresting the decline of water table also checks water in grass, i.e. prevents sea-water from moving landward. Rainwater harvesting can also stop groundwater contamination. During rainy season, water tends to collect in puddles in low lying areas, in unattended pits on the ground.
Rainwater harvesting is the most sustainable and effective way for many years to make water available in the areas lacking water. Rainwater harvesting is very low cost method along with lots of benefits. It helps in various purposes like household works, field irrigation, livestock, agriculture and animal husbandry.
In contrast to harvesting dam water, which requires an extensive treatment process to ensure a quality fit for human use, rainwater harvesting requires simple but effective processes and equipment to prevent contamination and preserve water quality.
29/07/2010 · What is Rain Water Harvesting ? Rainwater harvesting is the accumulating and storing, of rainwater. It has been used to provide drinking water, water for livestock, water for irrigation or to refill aquifers in a process called groundwater recharge.
A free consultation is also available with engineers at these places for a basic rainwater harvesting design. So this time, when it rains, your homes will be prepared to save and store the substance which is the lifeline to human existence itself.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.618913
Retrieved Text: In general or spefically for each "season"?
You didn't memtion what type of fishing you are doing; bass?
All bodies of water have a feed source. The ones you believe that don't, are the ones with underground springs. No lake can survive without water exchange.
To answer your question requires knowing how deep the lake is, water clarity, food source, vegetation, etc..

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.598439
Retrieved Text: FAQ | Product | Shizuoka Seiki Co., Ltd.
What is required to operate VAL6 and HOTGUN heaters?
Little electricity and fuel oil/ natural gas or propane gas.
What is used as fuel oil?
Kerosene is best, but high quality of No.1 Diesel also can be used. Also natural and propane gas are available.No “Gasoline” used.
Yes, it is. Set “ON” the operating switch, and the heater will ignite within 10 seconds. Turn “OFF” the switch, and the flame will be extinguished.
How many hours does VAL6 operate with full tank?
How many hours does HOTGUN operate with full tank?
HG125NA operate approximately 16 hours.
Is it possible to move around?
Why are the infrared-rays warm?
The infrared-rays not only radiate on the surface but also penetrate into the inside. Like the sunlight, VAL6′s radiant heat travels directly, unaffected by wind or rain, to the place you want. Also it doesn’t automatically rise to the ceiling.
What are the consumable parts of oil heaters?
Why can RKF evaporative cooler produce cool air?
It is the natural way of cooling like a waterfall. When water contacts dry and hot air, it evaporates into the air. This is chemical change and it requires heat, thus water evaporation consumes the heat in air. That’s why evaporative cooler can produces cool air with only water.
How much is the power consumptions?
It’s 230W for RKF405E and 520W for RKF505A.
What are the consumable parts of RKF evaporative cooler?
How many years can cooling element last?
It depends on usage environment but generally it’s about 2 or 3 years.
What is required as maintenance?
Drying cooling element is needed after each use. It’s

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.5863695
Retrieved Text: If you have unwanted water that drains in your dishwasher, you may notice that water is constantly draining to the dishwasher. The hose connecting the kitchen sink to your dishwasher needs to go upward before going back down in order for the water of both locations to not mix. Don't flush anything that is unlikely to dissolve and wind up clogging pipes, sanitary napkins, tissues, because these items don't break down and may cause clogging issues. Some people think they can get the cheapest version at the store. The problem with that they are not very sturdy and can break much easier. Don't bother running your garbage disposal. The moisture can actually bond the trash to your disposal, which might create a problem later. Don't use drain cleaners too much. Drain cleaners contain very corrosive chemicals that can cause damage pipes with frequent use. Instead, if you still see your drain clogged up, look at hiring a professional to come out and look at it to see what the problem is. There are two easy methods to removing a clean out fitting out. More information about Commercial Plumbing Services Goliad Tx.
Plumbing requires more skill then just routing water from point A to point B. Plumbers frequently have to repair or clear water lines. Many people have no clue what plumbing entails, because they have no idea about plumbing themselves. If you own your home, then you must learn what you need to know what the professional will be doing. This also helps you are not ripped

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.582317
Retrieved Text: If you think about how many plastic bottles could be used during the conference (250 bottles per day x4 = 1000 bottles in total!), you will understand what stays behind our decision. Another startling fact – it requires 3 times the amount of water to produce a plastic bottle than it does to fill it!
What options do you have then?
1) Do not worry, tap water is drinkable in Czech Republic.
2) There is a water automat Filtermac with filtered water on the 1st floor of Old Building, which you can use to fill your bottles.
Bring you own bottle and make a small step towards big changes!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.534431
Retrieved Text: Rental Power, Air Conditioning, Heating and Misting, All in one place.
Cool2 Provides Misting Fans, Temporary Power, Heaters and Air conditioning for Special events, concerts, tent structures and more.
We Deliver in the DFW area. Call us for a quote.
Our High Pressure systems atomize water to keep you dry, unlike many low pressure "Garden Hose" Systems which leave your soaked and create puddles.
We stock and deliver Honda 3000EU up to MultiQuip Movie-Silent 750KW Trailer mounted generators for Events, Film/TV sets and emergencies.
Movin'Cool portable units in stock today, Vertical Tent Systems and Trailer-mounted Ducted type systems for large events in stock.
Ready to see some of our equipment in action?
Cool2 keeps you cool on events, weddings, emergency response and more.
Frame Mounted. Requires Water Source and 110V Power.
16" Frame mount + 36" Base Mount. Requires Water Source and 110V Power.
Tripod Mounter. Requires Water Source and 110V Power.
Tripod Mounted. Requires Water Source and 110V Power.
36 Inch. Requires Water Source and 110V Power.
Self-Contained. Requires Water Source and 110V.
Self Contained. Requires Water Source and 110V Power.
For Large Events And Emergency Response.
Ready to Book Your Event Rental?
Call us at 214-395-2554 or just send us a message below.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.517876
Retrieved Text: Is there a way to change the colour of my water textures to what it was before 1.13 before the ocean biome changes? I really liked the turquoise water.
enderkitsune, has supplied a tweak (that requires OptiFine) here.
Any plans for a "bushy" leaves in the 3D blocks add-on?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.503231
Retrieved Text: This form is for current American Water customers. It requires information on your last bill.
Password The password requires at least one uppercase letter and one symbol. The password must be at least 6 characters long.
Secret Question 1 What was the name of your first pet? What was the name of street you grew up on? What was the color of your first car? What is your favorite sports team? What is your favorite food? What is your favorite TV show?
Secret Question 2 What was the name of your first pet? What was the name of street you grew up on? What was the color of your first car? What is your favorite sports team? What is your favorite food? What is your favorite TV show?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.427647
Retrieved Text: Some of the biggest opportunities for water savings are found in the non-residential sector. Improving efficiency in non-residential water use requires an in dept understanding of how water is used and what can be reasonably done to use less. The AWE Resource Library pages listed below offer information on non-residential fixtures, appliances, and equipment as well as links to the latest research and information about this important end user category.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.415498
Retrieved Text: A system boiler requires a cylinder for storing hot water in, however, the major heating and hot water system components are built into the main boiler itself. This makes a system boiler generally quicker and easier to install. System boilers are also great for homes that require hot water in more than one place at the same time.
System boilers work by pumping hot water from the boiler through the heating system to the hot water cylinder and radiators around your home by removing the need for a feed and expansion cistern.
What are the benefits of a system boiler?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.3629875
Retrieved Text: Need to install a commercial water heater system? Not sure how to figure out what size equipment to install? We can help!
Correct water heater sizing can be critical to the success of your business if your business requires hot water to perform daily functions. If you don’t have enough hot water things can grind to a halt!
First, make sure you are looking into equipment for commercial application – not residential. Secondly, you need to take into account the following pieces of information: number of fixtures requiring hot water, hours of operation, peak business hours, geographic location, venting requirements and physical footprint limitation. This information gives professionals what they need to begin their calculations.
The formula accounts for how much hot water you would need at times of peak need and how quickly your recovery rate needs to be to replenish the hot water supply. Getting these numbers right greatly reduces the risk of your business running out of hot water when you need it most!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.300162
Retrieved Text: In this episode of Life-Giving Water Messages, Rev. Todd Lattig discusses the essential Christian belief in the forgiveness of sins. This discussion includes what sin actually is, who needs forgiveness, and what a belief in the forgiveness of sins requires of us.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.277419
Retrieved Text: A snake requires food, shelter and water to survive, and drinks the condensation formed on its own back in places where water isn't readily available. Sea snakes find freshwater to drink in rainwater puddles on land and on the calm surface of the sea before it mixes with the saltwater.
Rattlesnakes in arid climates have impermeable scales and do not urinate to conserve body fluids. They use their senses of smell and taste to find water. Rattlesnakes and other desert-dwelling reptiles drink from puddles and also flatten their backs to collect rainwater to drink during the brief showers that do occur.
If You Want Do Snakes Drink Water Find Them Here & Save Time and Money!
What Countries Do Not Have Snakes?
What Is the Ferret War Dance?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.272826
Retrieved Text: The 2015 Uniform Mechanical Code and 2015 Uniform Plumbing Code (UPC) for the city of Austin, Texas includes a deadline of December 31, 2017 for registration of all Cooling Towers in the city. There are several specific rules that require upgrades to most older towers.
Section 1126.0 of the city’s UPC requires all properties with cooling towers to register them with Austin Water.
Drift Eliminators with a drift rate of not more than 0.005% of the tower circulating rate.
Cold water basin high level alarm.
Must operate at a minimum of 5 cycles of concentration.
The City ordinance requires that cooling towers must have a cold water basin high level/overflow alarm. For cooling towers of 100 tons or more, the make-up and overflow meters, and the over flow alarm shall be connected to the building’s Central energy Management System or Utility Monitoring Dashboard.
What this means is that all towers need a modern system with alarms and sensors that can connect to a BMS. Waterline Controls model WLC-6000 Cooling Tower Water Level Controller is our most popular model for providing a high level alarm, make-up water control, low alarm and a low water level cutout.
Waterline Controls has the system to retrofit and get you compliant fast. Our Stainless Steel Electronic sensors and solid state software driven controllers offer the connectivity, accuracy and reliability you need. With a multi-wire connection for you BMS or Building Automation, we have you covered.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.251237
Retrieved Text: Ruffin’s Renderings: What are you immersed in?
In a recent service at the First United Methodist Church of Barnesville, Pastor Cyndi McDonald led us to remember our baptism. At the end of the service, she invited us to dip our hands in the water in the baptismal font as a way of doing so.
During her excellent sermon, Pastor Cyndi explained that Methodists baptize in three ways: sprinkling (which requires just a little water), pouring (which requires more water) and immersion (which requires a lot of water).
I’m a lifelong Baptist who often attends a Methodist church and often preaches in Presbyterian (PCUSA) churches. I used to be Southern Baptist, but now I identity with the Cooperative Baptist Fellowship. I’ve often said that I was Baptist before I was Christian. A few of you will know what a Cradle Roll is. It was a big deal back in 1958 when I came along. When babies were born into a Baptist church, they were placed on the Cradle Roll, which meant they were enrolled in Sunday School. I can’t prove it, but I suspect someone was standing in the delivery room at the Lamar County Maternity Shelter to sign me up the second I entered the world. My mother would have wanted it that way.
When Reverend Bill Coleman baptized me one Sunday night in 1966 (along with others, including my friend Debbie Smith Haywood and my distant cousins Bruce Swatts and Rudy Knight), it was by immersion, which is a fancy word for dunking. There’s a scene in the 1970

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.250091
Retrieved Text: Quick, friendly service which is what you need on the weekend. Kevin went over what he did which satisfied my needs for this job. I am a satisfied customer and plan to use them again in the future.
This Naperville, Illinois customer needed to replace a 15 year old 40 gallon GE gas water heater in their single family home. The existing water heater was located in the customer’s basement. Since Naperville requires a safety inspection for this service, DRF assisted this customer in obtaining the required documents prior to the installation.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.246017
Retrieved Text: What Skills Are Required To Become Certified Swimming Lifeguard?
Today, many youngsters are enrolling in the SwimSafer lifesaving 123 course in Singapore to take up a lifeguard career, and if you are on the verge then you must know what it requires to become a skilled lifeguard.
The reasons why one should go for a lifeguard career is that the lifeguard has a stable job and pays well. But to succeed, you need to maintain health and physical fitness which sometimes keeps you out of your ordinary course of life. One needs to embrace consistency and patience in order to formulate an optimal career path.
You need to understand that lifeguard is a noble profession to save lives which requires your utmost dedication and enthusiasm. Hence you need to be mentally prepared by understanding the crucial skills to become a certified lifeguard.
Physical Requirements, which requires your proficiency in full 300-yard swimming test, breaststroke, additional surface dives and swimming test with weight.
Water Rescue Training– This stage of the swimming lesson emphasizes rescuing a distressed swimmer and requires your capability for actual drowning victims.
Injury or wound stabilization– The technique is usually covered in SwimSafer lifeguard course Singapore and make you well-versed to deal with neck and back injuries, head and chin support for victims, etc.
Your Next Step Should Be To Get Qualified– At SwimSafer, we provide you the training to become a certified lifeguard and the core lifeguard training is characterized as Bronze Medallion and CPR Certification courses. The whole program is being managed by a team of professional swimmers which

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.245912
Retrieved Text: What Happens When a Marine Is Sworn In?
What Happens When You Sign Up for the National Guard?
What Is the School Safety Agent Physical Agility Test?
When Did the Marines Require Swim Qualifications?
Swimming is an important skill for Marines, who often serve aboard ships or in amphibious combat.
Historically, the United States Marine Corps has been the main amphibious combat arm of the United States military. As such, the ability to swim in dangerous and difficult circumstances has always been an important qualification for a Marine. Marine Corps recruits are required to pass swim qualifications in Phase 3 of basic training -- in weeks 10 to 13 -- and must re-qualify at least once every three years.
At the time of this writing, the most recent update to the Marine Corps' swim qualifications took effect on April 15, 2011. The new qualifications place renewed emphasis on the ability to survive in the water with full combat gear. Marines are eligible for three levels of swim qualifications, basic, intermediate and advanced. Each of these levels requires a swim test wearing the full combat uniform, including combat boots. The basic qualification requires Marines to remove their gear while submerged in shallow water and to swim 25 meters in full gear. More advanced levels require jumping from a tower into deep water with full gear, treading water in full gear and swimming 250 meters in full gear.
Dell Markey is a full-time journalist. When he isn't writing business spotlights for local community papers, he writes and has owned and operated a small business.
Markey, Dell.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.245394
Retrieved Text: More dams: New England MP Barnaby Joyce.
The amount of water spilling over Ross River Dam earlier this week was around 2,000 cubic metres per second - or more than 170GL a day – that’s equivalent to nearly two full Chaffey Dams every day.
This is just one of many rivers in far north Queensland inundated with water but in the south, the conversation is that they have no water.
At St George in south-west Queensland, only 6GL of environmental water has been released through the gates of Jack Taylor Weir so far this year.
At Cunnamulla no water has flowed over the Allan Tannock weir since April.
In the lower lakes they want full water for environmental purposes and the Bradfield Scheme could be the answer; an expensive answer, but an answer nonetheless to this problem.
It would move water from the north to the south via the Warrego catchment at the top of the Murray Darling Basin.
The Bradfield Scheme would be cheaper than the Sydney to Melbourne bullet train, it would be cheaper than the nbn and its economic returns would be massive.
Parliament for the year is about to start and this is an election year so every party will come forth with their vision of what they want for their electorate and their nation.
For me, I believe we have to look after the small issues as well as the big picture.
Just this week we saw what our funding can achieve at Currabubula tennis courts and the pony club.
Recently we also secured money for the Upper Horton tennis courts, more

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.241968
Retrieved Text: Culligan Water of Philadelphia offers a FREE In-Home Water Test to determine if you are experiencing water problems and which Culligan Products may best suit your needs. No purchase required, no obligation, it is absolutely FREE! Testing of your water is performed by a licensed Culligan water expert, and is the best way to determine the quality of your water. If your water requires treatment, Culligan can recommend the proper equipment to solve your water problems. We don't use high pressure sales techniques, and instead opt for education about your water and what equipment and services are necessary to make sure your water is the best it can be!
Call (610) 978-6815 or fill out the form below and have your Culligan Man® schedule a Free In-Home Water Test for your home.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.2231045
Retrieved Text: Culligan Water of Rockland offers a FREE In-Home Water Test to determine if you are experiencing water problems and which Culligan Products may best suit your needs. No purchase required, no obligation, it is absolutely FREE! Testing of your water is performed by a licensed Culligan water expert, and is the best way to determine the quality of your water. If your water requires treatment, Culligan can recommend the proper equipment to solve your water problems. We don't use high pressure sales techniques, and instead opt for education about your water and what equipment and services are neccessary to make sure your water is the best it can be!
Call (845) 251-4908 or fill out the form below and have your Culligan Man® schedule a Free In-Home Water Test for your home.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.220145
Retrieved Text: Scalewatcher Star 3 - Simpson Plumbing Heating Air Conditioning Inc.
Scalewatcher is a compact, computerized electronic water conditioner, which will descale your existing system, prevent new scale from forming and save you money from the moment it is installed.
Control lime scale with Scalewatcher.
Scalewatcher is a maintenance free water treatment system that will prevent the formation of new lime-scale, remove existing lime-scale, reduce maintenance, all while saving you time and money! Like traditional water softener systems and water conditioners, Scalewatcher makes hard water feel softer and unlike a water softener, Scalewatcher requires no salt, no chemicals, no filters and no maintenance. Did you know 6 counties now in the USA have made salt based water softeners illegal with fines of $10,000.00? This is because of the environmental damage being caused by salt based water softeners to our creeks, rivers and wildlife. Scalewatcher is environmentally friendly and considered one of the pioneers in "Going Green" products.
Scalewatcher requires no floor space and immensely reduce the expenses associated in operating your current water treatment system. Just about all hard water problems eliminated for less then $10.00 a year in electricity! The low cost investment quickly reduces energy, maintenance, and repair/replacement costs and will pay for itself many times over during its expected life-span of 20-30 years. The US Department of Energy reports the average homeowner will save a minimum of 48% of their hot water heating cost for every 3/8” of lime-scale build-up removed.
Scalewatcher is a healthier choice as it does not add salt to your drinking or bathing water. It

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.208795
Retrieved Text: A Dollar For Your Thoughts!
Before you buy any of these Dollar Store instructions, go to your local Dollar Store (Quid Store in the U.K.) and make sure you can get the ingredients. Not all Dollar Stores are alike and you may have to hunt through several to find just what you need to make these magic props. To find out what you need to buy for each effect, click on the "Info" button or the photo beside each item.
This article contains a dozen mental effects that can be easily made from Dollar Store materials (or you may already have the materials around the house). Many of the effects are taken from old public domain books on mentalism as a way of encouraging young budding mentalists to learn from the masters. I have tried to being them up-to-date to take advantage of modern technologies and products now readily available from a Dollar Store. I have also tried to make them as different as possible so that you might perform all twelve in a single performance, if desired.
1. Crystal Ball : Thoughts in Focus.  Requires crystal ball or a water-ball substitute, plus some sticky note pads and a pen or pencil.
2. Gathering Secret Information. Requires a regular hardboard clipboard, some carbon paper and some wood grain contact paper. Alternate method is done with a plastic clipboard and a bar of soap or paraffin.
3. The Dream of a Hermit by Dr. Jaks. Requires three decks of cards, one red, one blue and a third with any kind of

================



======= Instance Index 4380 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what is used for seeing?" and the following answer choices: 
- feet
 - smell
 - fibers
 - light
 - radiation
 - nose
 - squids
 - vision

Now knowing that eyes are used for seeing by animals by sensing light and vision is out the eyes, choose the best answer.

Target Text: vision

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.2443
Retrieved Text: Terrific video! In a short 9 minutes, he touches on many of the essentials. Great primer for any apsiring tea connoisseur.
It's interesting to see his brewing gear – far from pristine, tanned and stained from what would apparently be years of use.
I also like seeing his teapot and tea equipment. It is a lot different than what is often seen in videos of tea. We've gotten so used to seeing pristine and elegant teaware that seeing ol' Pratt's well-used teapot with an ordinary tea cozy is rather cool.
I love this guy and I adore his book. True authority on #tea.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.401052
Retrieved Text: What you are seeing is ‘short code’ text from a computer. It is usually a notification. Bank, 2 step verification, pharmacy, Amazon, etc.
Late reply...sorry about not seeing post earlier.
mobile data = data used on apps and service on your phone. It has no number, because it was not calls or text to anyone else.
What content used your data is in the settings on your phone, under data usage.
It’s from streaming music in my case. I listen to amazon music and I have data usage of exactly 46080kb at all the times I was streaming music.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.194094
Retrieved Text: I laughed at your description of your Mom’s purse, it sounds much like my Mom’s “Let’s Make a Deal” one! Yours is quite pretty and functionwl and I liked seeing what you carry in it.Your photo is great and I really ike your background and the papers you used on this page, it’s so elegant! I also really like your journaling and font. Thanks for joining in the Weekend Challenge.
Very pretty LO. When I was younger I used to carry allot more in my purse. I love the pretty colors you used and that pretty butterfly.
You've made such a lovely and feminine looking page! I enjoyed your journaling and seeing your cute purse, too.
A big purse seems essential for Moms but I'm with you, less is best. Great LO, love the butterfly and leaves.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.164796
Retrieved Text: Hopefully, by my next post, both of these will be finished.
This entry was posted in Wet Felting and tagged coiled felt pot, felt vessel, textured felt, textured felt vessel. Bookmark the permalink.
The textured vessel looks great even without being finished. I like the choice of fiber you used. I’m looking forward to seeing both pots finished.
I forgot to mention in the post that it was English 56s wool tops for the layers, and the wool locks were some Gotland and Gotland X locks/raw wool, Bluefaced Leicester locks and some Wensleydale locks. I used some Silk noil, bamboo tops, and a silk hankie too.
I love the textured vessel even without it being finished. I look forward to seeing them both finished.
Looks good. I love curls. I am looking forward to seeing them both finished.
Love the mix of natural colours and the texture you’ve created. Wow….you’ve used so many fibres, but that’s your thing! Your photos really show the texture of the coil pot well.
Looking forward to seeing what you do from now with both pots.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.040382
Retrieved Text: I don't think it's a matter of programming standards. The methods used to exploit systems are almost always something you could never have guessed. Flaws in code can be extremeny difficult to see, as was the case in the SSL Heartbleed bug. None of the devs saw the bug when it was approved for merging. Seeing what it was and what it ought to have been would be like seeing a needle in a haystack. I have thought for some time that it is the nature of digital information and our human minds incapacity to comprehend it in its real form that makes it nearly impossible to produce "unhackable" code.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.991886
Retrieved Text: Tables move after 15 mins. Free to members. First come, first served.
What frauds are members seeing and what should corporates and banks do to respond effectively?
How are members seeing AI being used and what would be a good protocol to agree with opponents?
Discuss a sensible common practice re post-service dealing with freezing injunctions?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.936827
Retrieved Text: Is it just me or is everybody else seeing "CoNaNunitNaN DefAMult" instead of a date?
Create and maintain your own web site for $7.95 a month.
What sites do you visit when you are bored?
What is your computer configuration?
has anyone used the headmouse?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.912793
Retrieved Text: We always love seeing projects “in progress”. Here are a few that have recently been shared with us by members of the Starting Chain community. They are just a good way to start the day!
So readers, what do you think? What color should Alicia use for the background? What about borders?
We always like seeing crochet that is well blocked! It only takes a board with grids on it, or you can make a board with styrofoam. In the old days we saw grandmothers just lay towels down on the carpet, backed with one of those old waterproof tablecloths, and use a big yardstick to get the lines straight. Sometimes old towel covered biscuit boards or an old ironing board were used, too. Curved pieces were blocked by using templates or drawing the outline on tissue paper with a compass…or even a plate or saucer. The technique used here by Cindy is called Spray Blocking. The pieces are pinned to the board, using rust proof pins, in the desired shape and then sprayed with a fine tepid water mist. The pieces are allowed to dry naturally.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.905531
Retrieved Text: Ah, the media. You can't escape it. It is always going to be right there, staring at you in the face and subconsciously forcing you to compare what you see in the media to real life. And you know what... we all know it's fake, exaggerated, edited, stereotyped yet we still want our lives to be like what we see on the telly or in movies or in magazines.
Seeing photoshopped images of slim women with flawless skin and perfect hair is undeniably the ideal goal for some women, yet it is physically impossible to even get there because it is edited. Even the people in those pictures can't achieve that 'perfect' look. And we know it isn't real but some people still want all of that.
And when there is an unedited image of someone in a magazine or on the Internet, people feel the need to comment on their 'imperfections'.. why? Because we are so used to seeing the 'ideal' and 'perfect' representation of people all of the time that when there is something to break the stereotype, it is unusual and not normal. Somehow, there is still an issue with this too!
Scrolling through social media accounts with #RelationshipGoals and #FriendshipGoals everywhere... it's not even real but for some reason we still want that 'perfect' lifestyle. If someone posts a picture on Instagram with their significant other and the comments read 'they don't even look good together' - what does that even mean?! How is that possible? Who makes these rules? Who are you to judge?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.89058
Retrieved Text: This is what I’m seeing. Instagram users are like younger siblings of twitter and facebook users. A lot of Inspagramers (people who use instagram to spam other people) are coming from the stance that having a big instagram handle alone means influence and power on-line and off-line, regardless of what the substance of their content is. They are wrong. It’s not. I see thousands of Inspagramers going for a gold rush on instagram that is just not there in the way they think it is.
Nobody who’s sharing spam messages, in addition to spamming others with a bot service, will succeed in influencing them to “support them” on instagram or any other social media platform. I see so much junk being shared on social media, especially instagram. What is surprising is that these former tactics aren’t new. In fact, they are 11 years old. In technology years, they are a dinosaur.
In the early twitter days, users used to follow and DM newly acquired followers and treated them as a cheap commodity with dozens of broadly composed spam messages. They were quick to sell you either themselves or their products with the pretense of “helping you”. I’ve seen hundreds of tweets that read, “Thank you for following my account. I’m Looking forward to helping you with life. To buy my products…” I’m seeing the same behavior patterns used by low quality accounts on instagram today. A lot, actually.
They remind me of older facebook users. Do you remember when we used to be “friends” with everybody on facebook? I

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.820723
Retrieved Text: Facebook has announced that it will be updating the way it tells you why you’re seeing certain ads. Starting 28 February 2019, the “Why am I seeing this ad?” button will come with detailed information, including a timeline, of who uploaded your contact details and who the details were shared with, before the ad finally makes its way to you.
The way it is now, Facebook only tells you what brand is using your info for targeting ads. It doesn’t tell you if it got the information first hand, or if it came from someone or somewhere else.
A Facebook spokesperson told TechCrunch that the goal is give people a better understanding of the way advertisers use their info. This could help users identify what part of their info made them targeted by advertisers. In turn, users may also be more careful about what sort of information they put on the internet.
In a way, it’s a good thing that you’ll soon know who has your data and which part of your details are used to identify you for targeted ads. This will also help Facebook deter others from uploading your info without consent, seeing how they’re about to become more easily identifiable.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.8126545
Retrieved Text: What is the definition of tunnel vision in slang?
In slang, if someone says they someone has “tunnel vision” then they mean that the person is looking at things from a very narrow perspective, and is not seeing or aware of all the facts. That is why it’s called tunnel vision, because a tunnel is, of course, narrow.
Some synonyms for tunnel vision include “not seeing the big picture”, “narrow minded”, and “limited perspective”.
You may hear the term “tunnel vision” being used in the context of software design or engineering. In this context, it means exactly the same thing, and is used by software engineers/developers to mean that someone is not taking everything into account when coming up with a software solution. This could be because the person does not have enough knowledge, or is just having a bad day – maybe because he/she is tired and sleep deprived.
worked with for the last 10 years."

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.79394
Retrieved Text: Recently had access to a facility in Anatoli, near Sacramento, CA, where they used to manufacture rockets that NASA used to get into space. What you are seeing is a four photograph stitched image. This facility is twelve stories high. Cool.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.776145
Retrieved Text: Pet bottles and bottle caps are normally thrown away after each use. But this time, I’m quite sure that after seeing the creation of Lula Dot which is called the CAPtivate Lamp, no one wants to throw their used pet bottles and caps anymore. Lula Dot managed to create the CAPtivate in an attractive design that will surely catch everyone’s eyes. Available at £115 that includes postage and packaging is already a great buy for this wonderful creation with approximately 40 bottle tops on each light, although to complete the beauty of the design by covering the light completely, you will be the one to collect your own caps.
is it easy to explain me how can i make it?????????
I like seeing other peoples creations, but many don't want to let people know how they are made or even what glue was used.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.77457
Retrieved Text: I came to Japan as an aviation electronics engineer in 2004,working for the US goverment throughout Japan.
Teaching is fun and rewarding! ECC is the best!
Being an engineer kept me away from my family a lot, so I decided I needed a career change.
Please let me know the good way to study English.
Outline your notes, understand what English grammar really means,and how it''s used differenty in English than Japanese grammar . Also, learning western culture is important too.
Learning English leads you to expand communication circles !
Be creative and open to challenge!
Try not to over-think your answers or questions.
Try not to over-think your answers or questions.　The teachers will teach you the correct way to speak.
I'm looking forward to seeing you soon !
I''m looking forward to seeing you soon !
I'ｍ　looking forward to seeing you at ECC!
I''ｍ　looking forward to seeing you at ECC!
Let's enjoy speaking in English !
Let''s enjoy speaking in English !
I''m looking forward to seeing you at ECC soon !
Don't be afraid of making mistakes !
Don''t be afraid of making mistakes !

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.772834
Retrieved Text: Anyone else seeing bandwidth getting worse during this talk? It’s like every laptop is now being used to surf the web instead of take notes, or something.
A lot of stuff at Etech is just “nice”. Given the need of many Americans to have everything labeled “great! awesome!” etc, I take they are as excited as I am.
What I am excited about is playing Werewolf yesterday and seeing this evening “Rumba Cook Fight”!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.730779
Retrieved Text: 11 sets of pre-drawn eyebrows. Used with ink. Helps to gauge depth — similar feel of actual skin by seeing what the industry calls “the sweet spot.” Can also be used for practicing machine Ombré Powder Brows.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.699008
Retrieved Text: I love how you used the Artbooking cart!!! This card is awesome, I love these stars and so love how you used them on this card! Looking forward to seeing what else you make with this cart! Hugs!
Beautiful card! Love the way you used the star cut. The glitter border really makes it pop!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.690383
Retrieved Text: Nicole is quite a Martha Stewart! The colors and designs she used for Soledad's 1st birthday was so cute.
It was good seeing you again, Nicole. Can't wait to see what you come up with next!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.687043
Retrieved Text: Added by Anonymous on May 9, 2019.
Seeing the energy that is transmitted from your body is fun and can tell you a lot about what is going on. Though there are so much more that Auras do for us and their use. Come and join us for this interesting and exciting look into the world of Auras. The aura is the energy field that all living things have. Some people are born with the skill (clairvoyance) to be able to view the energy field. Believe it or not, you can train yourself to view auras. What is better, when you are equipped with the knowledge about what they are and can understand what you are seeing, that information can be used as a powerful tool in understanding and learning more about others.
In this course, you will learn all about auras, including what they are, how to view them, experiencing your energy field, what aura colors mean, and how to strengthen and protect you aura. You will also learn how to make aura improvements, the healing powers associated with auras, and much more.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.664738
Retrieved Text: Are you visually impaired? If so, Microsoft's latest app is for you.
Microsoft has released a new smartphone app, called Seeing AI, which uses computer vision to describe things to the visually impaired. With the app, you can simply focus your phone’s camera on an object or person, and then you'll get a narration about what it is or who they are and even how they're feeling. The app uses artificial intelligence and neural networks to identify the world around you.
In other words, this is the same type of technology being used to power innovations like self-driving cars. We first saw a demo of Seeing AI at Microsoft's 2016 Build conference, but the app is now finally available to download in the US on iOS. And it's completely free. We've contacted Microsoft to find out whether the app is coming to Android or other countries and will update when we know more.
From what we can tell, Seeing AI is capable of identifying people it’s seen before. It can also guess things like age and emotion. It can scan barcodes and documents and recognise US currency. And all this data can make a world of difference to the visually impaired, as it can be smartly interpreted and relaid in an instant, helping them to navigate around and get things done quickly.
Microsoft said Seeing AI demonstrates how technology can make the world more inclusive, and we couldn't agree more.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.620004
Retrieved Text: This week's topic is, "Audiometric Consciousness for Listeners of the Bass." Would you like to actually awaken your love of learning about this topic? You can, simply by reading the teacher's questions and then, by asking yourself, "what questions did these words just provoke in me?"
"Audiometric Consciousness for Listeners of the Bass."
Do people have more visual difficulty seeing frets or bridges?
Are bass players, when seated, in general, more physically conscious when holding a bass than when they stand?
To what degree does the listener's age affect her or his ability to appreciate bass level tones?
Does a listener's eye contact with a bass player affect his or her ability to enjoy the music?
How about how it effects the bass players ability to play?
Can Direct Emergence be used to improve a bass player's musical skills?
For example, would developing conscious finger movements alter a player's degree of connectedness to the strings?
How about the bass player's connection to the audience?
Is stretching before playing the bass a good idea for bass players?
Which muscles should a bass player focus on in order to optimize his or her bass playing consciousness?
How about the listening audience?
Would stretching before a performance increase a listener's enjoyment?
How about shock? Do extreme bass tones illicit more shock, or less shock, in a listener?
How about in the bass player?
Do the limits of audiometric consciousness affect the bass players concentration?
 Can hearing or seeing a bass player be used to raise the consciousness of kindergartners? If so, when and how?
 What is the best way to discover BLocks in and around

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.599938
Retrieved Text: I hope you've been visiting some the blogs before me in this hop! Each of us has created something using one of the many blocks that Teresa designed for this book. You can go back to this post for the list of bloggers to check them out.
For my turn I am using the half square triangles and squares block in a variation called Diamond Star.
I decided to go bold and play with some bright coral, Pantone's color of the year, and a Ketan batik green.
Here are my four blocks arranged in the Star Diamond. Pretty bold, eh! These blocks repeated would make a really nice quilt. But, I didn't have time to make a whole quilt! I decided to set my blocks differently.
I took my four blocks and arranged them with the orange touching instead of the green and turned them into a pillow cushion.
Here are the blocks before being quilted. You can see that in this orientation the design looks quite different. I'm not sure I'd like a whole quilt in this arrangement, but it's perfect for a cushion!
Martingale, the publisher of Teresa's book, is generously offering electronic copies of Turnabout Patchwork.
Please leave a comment here on my blog about what you like best about blog hops!
I'll draw a winner at the end of the hop on February 9th.
I love seeing the variations of color and fabrics with the patterns.
I love seeing the original projects and then how different bloggers put their own spin on what the designer envisioned.
Love your bright and happy cushion! After

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.574556
Retrieved Text: Plaid is all the rage at the moment. From buffalo check home decor to cozy plaid flannel shirts, plaid is a term we’re seeing more and more in design. There is a difference between the patterns you’re seeing and surprisingly there are many differences and histories. Today we’re going to focus on the difference between plaid and gingham.
In general, plaid can be a mixture of any color in any combination. It can be seen in a muted form including hues from the same color or mixed in a bold and graphic way using light and dark colors. It can also include many different sized stripes running horizontally and vertically. There are a ton of subcategories of plaid which are rich in history and tradition such as Tartan, Madras and Tattersall. Plaid is often used in the making of traditional regional clothing such as Tartan which is used for Scottish kilts.
Gingham on the other hand always consists of only white and one other color. The stripes which run horizontally and vertically are of the same width. Gingham is often used in more casual applications but it’s also used in traditional clothing such as a German Dirndl. In the past it was used to make clothes for the working class in both the United States and Europe. Traditionally, gingham was made with 100% cotton or linen but it’s now found in other blends and used in an array of applications ranging from clothing to home decor and everything in between.
No matter what, you can’t deny that plaid is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.56555
Retrieved Text: I think we can all agree that in our world today, in the "free" world certainly, there is an intimacy crisis. We have a problem with intimacy. We're afraid of intimacy, yet we agonize over the lack of it. What better indication of this than our use of euphemisms to describe what should be very intimate relationships.
It used to be that "dating" described intimate relationships. But we don't call it "dating" anymore. That sounds too much like something out of a geology class. "I am dating Lucy."
So then it became "going out." Remember when people used to go out? Again, that was often used to describe an intimate relationship. Everybody was "going out."
The ultimate euphemism is the one in vogue today. Today, intimate relationships are "seeing someone." It's part of casual conversation: "Are you seeing anyone?" "I'm seeing someone..." One of these days, somebody's going to say to me, "I'm seeing a very, very nice woman," and I'm going to say, "Can I see her too?"
Why the euphemisms? Probably because if you identify the relationship as an attachment, if you consider this a commitment, if you think of this as an investment of yourself in a relationship and then the relationship ends, it will hurt too much. You will have to say to yourself, "This relationship fell apart." And that's too painful, so instead, what you say is, "Oh, I'm seeing someone." Should this not work out — "Okay, so I'm not seeing him." It sounds a lot less painful. So we put this buffer around

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.561151
Retrieved Text: Sterling McCall Acura invites you to search our outstanding inventory of new Acura Cars & SUVs for sale in Houston, TX. Our team of Acura specialists are ready and waiting to help you find one of the best deals on a new car or SUV in the area. Browse through our New Acura Models, including the TLX & MDX. Or, if you are interested in a Pre-Owned Vehicle, check out our Used Vehicles page.
Don’t forget to ask about Sterling McCall Acura great financing options, lease deals, and exclusive dealer incentives. Visit our Service page for all your new & used Acura Auto Repair & Service needs. Search our inventory online, drop in for a test drive, or call (866) 412-1623 today for more information.
We are excited to offer this 2019 Acura TLX. Just what you've been looking for. With quality in mind, this vehicle is the perfect addition to take home. This is the one. Just what you've been looking for. The Acura TLX will provide you with everything you have always wanted in a car -- Quality, Reliability, and Character. You've found the one you've been looking for. Your dream car. We look forward to seeing you soon! Please call us for more information.
We are excited to offer this 2019 Acura TLX. Just what you've been looking for. With quality in mind, this vehicle is the perfect addition to take home. You can finally stop searching... You've found the one you've been looking for. This is the one. Just what you've been looking for. The

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.554261
Retrieved Text: TOPIC: Statistics Clarity Texture Res question.
The effect runs at half the screen resolution, so the values are correct.
If you do try running them at full resolution let me know what kind of performance hit you are seeing.
Awesome ! , thanks guys. I really like to learn and become completely familiar with all of the reshade stuff. Just makes tweaking that much better.
I am going to just for kicks see if i can get my 780ti to run with Clarity at full res. I will post back asap with the fps results. Thanks again.
Thanks for sharing your results. Another thing you could try to reduce the performance cost is lowering the radius setting and increasing the offset, this could result in a much lower quality of blurring but it may not be very noticeable if you are using low strength values.
If you have a chance I'd be interested in seeing what kind of performance hit you see when using different radius values. In the old version I used multiple passes to create a bigger blur radius but for this one I used more samples per pass so it can be adjusted in the GUI, I think using more samples may have a bigger hit on cards that are limited on vram or have a small memory bandwidth, but I'm not really sure what is going on in the video card as its processing a shader.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.513533
Retrieved Text: Interresting project...very far from the usual indiegame/remaking stuff we're used to seeing.
Not really sure what the final product could be used for, but something with children's entertainment seems logical, and as I can't remember anyone else actually doing precisely that it might be a way to kickstart a potentially lucrative business.
...with fewer mentions of blue dicks, naturally.
What software is used for the development of the system?
Yes, you are right. I was ther too see how it's goes, it's very cool and yes, far from indie, and fun I a part of it.
Facecat (the face tracking) use BlitzMax (yes), a pure basic dll for network, and unity 3d as theater movie engine. I'm not sure shay they use as motion tracker, but there is costume wrappers as well.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.493458
Retrieved Text: I am back on the trail and running at 50% of my usual mileage and running slower. Sigh, rehab! I think I have been running and biking on this trail for about 5 years. My running buddy and I have gotten used to seeing some familiar faces over the years. We call these dudes our “boyfriends”. These guys appear to be over 60 and look strong and dedicated. One of them wears a hydration pack and runs a minimum of thirteen miles from our calculations. Another guy rides his bike for at least 30+ miles. So this summer, we haven’t seen any of these guys around. We cannot figure out what happened to them. They just disappeared. We miss them. I mean, we have gotten used to seeing them every week. They wave and say “hi” and we wave back. I hope they come back. They were so inspirational. Meanwhile, we have seen a few new ones…not the same though.
Next Next post: What do you eat?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.489767
Retrieved Text: Damn, I just got destroyed. There are three reasons why digital marketing destroys traditional marketing. Now remember back in the old days when I was doing traditional marketing. Now for some of the young guys watching this, you have no clue what I’m talking about. I’m talking about good old newspaper. Yes, we were running display ads. And also I’m talking about like broadcast fax. No email, fax machine, but that’s how we used to do advertising and marketing before digital, before internet comes along.
I think a lot of us take it for granted compared to what we have today compared to back then. Let me share with you the three reasons or what I call the three T’s why digital marketing is far superior than traditional marketing. First one is targeting. Now imagine traditional marketing let’s say you’re driving on the highway, you see these huge massive billboard right advertising certain things you see those in Vegas. They still have those which is fine but it’s more like brand awareness. But that’s traditional advertising a billboard you can’t really target who is going to see that billboard.
You just write there, if someone sees it good, if someone doesn’t see it you don’t really know but with digital marketing, with online you can precisely target exactly who do you want seeing your offer, seeing your website, seeing your business or seeing your bundle. You can choose example with Google AdWords, you can target the keywords that they’re searching, you know the buyer intent and you can

================



======= Instance Index 731 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "All animals are what?" and the following answer choices: 
- fed by hand
 - homogenous
 - fed by others
 - parasites
 - fed red meat
 - fed whole grains
 - important habitats
 - insects

Now knowing that all animals are heterotrophs and heterotrophics means fed by others, choose the best answer.

Target Text: fed by others

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.283422
Retrieved Text: The world of animals is enormously interesting for all young learners. No other topic arouses the same level of excitement and curiosity - Which animals are awake at night? What do animals eat? Where do they live? What are their babies called? What sounds do they make? - The list is endless! We answer all these and a whole lot more with Skillmatics Animal Kingdom. These fun learning activities will ensure your students learn about over 75 amazing animals!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.193719
Retrieved Text: In this book you have to say, "Brown Bear, Brown Bear, what do you see?" The bear says, "I see a red bird looking at me." Then you ask all the animals, "What do you see?" There are many animals like a blue horse and purple cat. Then the teacher asks the children, "What do you see?" They can see all the animals.
I like to sing and read this book with my friends. You have to remember what comes next. You can be one of the animals. My favorite animal is the bear. Eric Carle paints all the animals with beautiful colors.
If you like to sing, you can read this book. It is easy and fun.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.187355
Retrieved Text: God's Plan - Trinity Cares Inc.
Trinity Cares begins with following the word of God.
Who did God put in charge of all living creatures?
Humans, and who better to help and protect those living creatures than us Christians? We know God's word, and we seek to do God's will.
What is God asking mankind to do?
To have dominion and to rule over all animals.
How should humanity rule over animals?
What is God saying about whales, sharks, fish, turtles, crab, shrimp, lobsters etc.?
God is saying that all life in all waters is good.
God is saying, all birds are good.
What is God saying about cows, horses, bears, moose, deer, elephants, giraffes, zebras, lions, etc.?
God is saying all wild animals are good.
What is God saying about our food, plants, and trees?
God put humans in charge of all animals, big and small, including reptiles, birds, and fish. Humans are also in charge of trees, flowers, fruits, berries, and food. We have dominion over all living things on earth, and God concludes his creation of animals and plants is good.
Therefore, this creation should be ruled with LOVE and respect.
Trinity Cares Inc. recognizes God's plan that humans are responsible for animals.
Trinity Cares Inc. sees all animals, as God does, as good.
How shall humans rule over animals?
As we were created to, in the image and likeness of our creator, God, Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit.
Our Lord is our role model, leader, and guide in how we should rule over animals.
How much does God care about animals?
God values and loves sparrows, God loves birds, God loves caterpillars

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.11027
Retrieved Text: Napolean is a bossy pig that runs the farm and everyone listens to what he says. He breaks all the rules and then changes them before they can catch him.
He claims "all animals are equal"
Napolean who is the lead pig on the farm and what i would consider the owner of animal farm has alot more then the other animals, including, sleeping in the farm house, eating off the fine china, and he changes the rules when he breaks them so he cannot be caught. he is sneaky and can pretty much get away with anything. because of all these reasons there is not any equality on the farm as far as the ranking of the animals that a current.
The Battle of Cowshed was a big war between the farmers and the animals on animal farm. Napolean had a whole defense line set up if this were ever to happen. The farmers moved forward and napolean released the first line of defense. This line held them back a little bit. Napolean released the second line of defense which held them back a little more. The farmers then rushed through and Napolean sent the entire rest of the animals out. The animals end up winning the battle and boxer ends up killing one of the farmers. The animals take Jones' gun as a sign of victory.
The 7 Commandments are list of rules the the animals are supposed to follow. Napolean breaks the rules alot anyway. all of the other animals follow the rules and do what they

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.102593
Retrieved Text: How many liters are in 3600 cm?
What eats a lampropeltis getulus Californiae?
I have a painting by d gardner - is it valuable?
Who is pooh bear's beat friend?
What is the meaning of the name Tuco?
Do pomeranians get along withother animals?
What are the animals of colombia south america?
What is a term foran animal that lives in another plant or animal and eats plants or animals without killing it?
Give examples of active transport in living organisms?
What is a person called if he-she forget things?
What are the kidneys responsible for?
In which location would you expect to find shellfish populations?
What is the second mostly hunted animal?
What can you feed wild baby skunks?
What date was tutankhamun born?
What are all the animals that can generate electricity or shock you?
How do lady bugs have a babies?
Second largest group of animals on earth?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.0887
Retrieved Text: Buy, sell, trade, or browse animals, produce and wares from local community. Think of it as a Farmer’s Market but with live farm animals They are a lot of fun so bring the kids!
FREE admission- including vendors. No need to register.
Sat, September 14 – last one for the season!
A: Simply show up with your animals, set up shop and sell away. No fees. No hassle. Our swap takes place in the open field behind Wardle Feed and Pet on the south side of Three Acre Lane (42nd Avenue).
Q: I’m looking to buy animals. What do I do?
A: Just show up and buy or browse. In fact, we encourage you to bring the kids or grand kids and enjoy showing them all the farm animals.
Q: What animals are available?
A: Depends on the week. Chicken swaps are like farmer’s markets for animals. People bring in what they have available. You will may see some of the following animals: chicks, pullets, laying hens, ducks, geese, goats, rabbits, quail, pigs, and pets. Swing by and check it out. Wardle Feed also houses all sorts of animals such as goats, chickens, a turkey, rabbits, peacocks, and even a mini-horse and min-donkey. Stop by and say hi – these animals would love to see you and your kids! There is no admission fee to look -but beware – you may really want to buy an animal before you leave!
Q: I’m looking to sell my produce or products. What do I do?
A: Just show up, set up, and sell. It is a great

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.067358
Retrieved Text: Can You Name These Famous Disney Animals?
We all know the princes and princesses of Disney Animation, but we often forget about the famous Disney animals. Do you think you know all of these fictional critters? Take these 12 questions and find out!
What is the name of the friendly undersea Guppy from "The Little Mermaid?"
What fictional Disney animal is an alien type being created by Dr. Jumba Jookiba?
What is the name of the white furred kitten featured in "The Aristocats?"
What type of animal are Chip and Dale?
What was the name of Simba's father in "The Lion King?"
What type of fish is Nemo from "Finding Nemo?"
What was Pluto's original name?
What year did Donald Duck make his fist appearance?
What type of bear is Baloo from "The Jungle Book?"
What movie does the character Koda appear in?
You are a Disney darling! While you may not be as informed on famous Disney animals as some people, you've still got a good handle on these fictional furry characters.
You are a Disney dynamo! Forget princes and princesses, your favorite Disney characters are of a slightly different species. You are extremely educated on your Disney animals. Well done!
You are Disney dynamic! It is clear that you know and love the world of Disney. Not only do you know your princesses and villains, but you're an expert on Disney animals. Great job!
Can You Name These Famous Animals?
How Much Do You Know About Disney World?
How Big of a Disney Movie Fan Are You?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.062607
Retrieved Text: Our weekly after school enrichment programs provide interactive, animal-themed activities to Newport County schools. Each program aims to foster a love of animals, while teaching compassion and respect for the world around them.
Learn all about the Potter League and our favorite pets, including dogs, cats, rabbits, birds and small mammals. Through hands-on activities, crafts and stories, participants get an in-depth look at the responsibilities of keeping a pet happy and healthy.
Spend time with man’s best friend and learn all about dogs—pedigree, mixed breed, and wild. Investigate how dogs came to live with people, how breeds were developed, and what their unique history means for responsible pet owners.
Learn about jobs that involve animals, from pets to wildlife. Discover what career opportunities are available, what responsibilities each job involves, and what training is needed to get the job of your dreams.
We are lucky to live in an area with many different kinds of animals. Learn all about the pets, farm animals, and wild animals that live right here in Rhode Island.
Explore the Potter League’s process from animal intake to adoption. Investigate the animals’ path through the shelter, and find out how homeless animals become wonderful family members.
After school programs are offered in weekly one-hour sessions for a fee of $7 per student per hour.
Program sessions can run for three to seven weeks.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.017645
Retrieved Text: The welfare of animals is very important and these pages will give you further information and ideas about what you could do to help.
Does your school want to make a difference to the lives of animals? We all know that animals can’t speak for themselves. Are you ready to be their voice?
Take a look at the following resources.
How can we make our school activities more animal-friendly?
What aspects of our school life could be more animal-friendly?
What can we do to help improve animal welfare in our local area?
What animals are affected by the food we have in schools?
How can we make people aware of animal welfare issues?
How does litter affect the welfare of animals?
What are the issues with keeping pets in schools?
How animal-friendly are our school grounds?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.016995
Retrieved Text: Find List Of All Extinct Animals on DealsNow.com. Explore Now! 1000+ Topics. Trending Results.
Why Are Gorillas Becoming Extinct?
What Animals Are on the Extinct List?
What Are the Most Endangered Animals in the World?
Do Sloths Walk on the Ground?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.015648
Retrieved Text: Birds have wings rather than arms. Wings help birds to fly.
This quiz addresses the requirements of the National Curriculum KS1 Science for children aged 5 and 6 in years 1 and 2. Specifically this quiz is aimed at the section dealing with the shape and main parts of animal bodies.
Animals are not all the same shape. Birds have wings. Most birds can fly. Fish swim - they do not have legs. But all animals have the main parts of a head and a body. The shape of an animal's body tells you a lot about where it lives. How much do you know about how animals look? What do you know about the main parts of different animals?
Why do birds have wings?
Some animals live in shells. Why do they live in shells?
Have you collected seashells? What shape were they?
Why do frogs have such big back legs?
What do fish have instead of legs and arms?
Crocodiles are always on the lookout for a meal. Why do they have eyes on the top of their head?
This animal can fly. But it is not a bird. What is it?
Turtles swim in the sea. What do turtles have instead of arms and legs?
What do animals have in their head?
Some birds have webbed feet. Why do ducks have webbed feet?
What noise do ducks make?
Most animals have a tail. Can you think of an animal that does NOT have a tail?
Tails help animals to move and to balance. But humans do not have tails!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.012394
Retrieved Text: Humans have tried to separate themselves from nature and to gain an understanding of what it means to be human, through studies of nature. Ideas of human nature have political and ideological implications, and are thus important in providing information about what it means to be human and what the relation to animals and the environment "ought" to be like. The ideology of human nature makes the world hence meaningful and points out what kind of actions regarding environmental issues are appropriate. The understanding of human nature and the human relationship with nature is culturally and historically produced. Humans' cultural conception thus also influences what kind of relationships are seen as desirable with particular animals. Different animals are seen as having different relations to humans, relations in which all animals are not seen as being equal. Some animals are defined edible, others are defined as companions.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.996435
Retrieved Text: Animals aren’t less than human.
Spare the chimps, boil the shrimps, shock the mice, kill the lice, eat the hogs, pith the frogs, blind the rabbits, what drives these habits?
Human animals use nonhuman animals (hereafter animals) in many ways – for food, research, education, entertainment, and testing cosmetics and other products. Animals are also routinely and wantonly killed because humans want to expand their horizons – building more shopping malls, parking lots, subdivisions or office buildings. Human benefits are said to outweigh the costs to the animals – their anxiety, pain, and death — and human interests trump those of the animals.
Are We Entering The Age of Empathy?
Just who do we think we are, and what do the animals think about us?
protected group regardless of an individual’s unique characteristics.
hierarchical speciesism results in endless harm and is bad biology.
capacities and ignore individual differences.
emotional, good, or valuable – than others based on species membership.
We live in a troubled and wounded world that is in dire need of healing. We all should be troubled and terrified by what we have done and continue to do. Humans are an arrogant lot and we have made huge and horrific global messes that need to be repaired now. The overriding sense of turmoil is apparent to anyone who takes the time to pay attention. Researchers and non-researchers alike are extremely concerned about unprecedented global losses of biodiversity and how humans suffer because of our destructive ways. We are animals and we should be proud and aware of our membership in the animal kingdom.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.977091
Retrieved Text: A group of animals in Africa are waiting for the water to come down from the hills but it never arrives. Needed for their survival they go in search of it and along the way meet some turtles, a polar bear, a chicken and various other animals all that have arrived in Africa with a problem. What they discover is mankind has created a giant dam blocking the flow of water. Realising they are in deep danger from mankind they unite to try and prevent mankind from destroying their homes.
Okay so let me make this simple we have a bunch of animals from all over the world who would probably kill each other if placed in the same room uniting because mankind is destroying their homes. That is it, that is what you get in "Animals United" and whilst I tend to try and be generous to movies made for children this one is a fail. Firstly it is a fail for grown ups as other than a few voices you might recognize it offers nothing to entertain them.
But "Animals United" is a children's movie and sadly it is still a fail because firstly it isn't funny, secondly it stretches the premise out to the point it is no longer interesting and is as subtle as a brick when it comes to the environmental message it is hitting you over the head with. In truth the only people I can see being entertained by "Animals United" are the really young children who will be amused by

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.947702
Retrieved Text: If you are passionate about animals and want to assist alleviate their struggling, you’ll have thought about starting your individual rescue or sanctuary. Please share this video and help us find these dogs loving homes. The first step is figuring out what sort of animals you want to rescue, and what number of animals you can adequately present care for at your facility. No matter the location or scale of the deployment, the ASPCA is prepared to take on animal cruelty cases when wanted—from initial investigations to the final placement of rescued animals in properties.
No shelter that truly cares for animals ought to ever flip its back on an animal in want, even when that means taking in animals who’re diseased, badly injured, aggressive, or elderly. There are additionally medical and behavioral benefits to spaying (feminine pets) and neutering (male pets) your animals.
Approved applicants who’re severely fascinated about a particular animal might place them on reserve to satisfy as soon as they become ready for adoption.There’s NO CHARGE to place a reservation. We imagine animals are an integral a part of our lives and we get pleasure from seeing the excitement on our adopters’ faces as they add a new canine or feline family member.
PETA’s undercover investigation at a North Carolina no-kill shelter called All Creatures Nice and Small documented that animals were suffering bodily and emotionally on account of ongoing, systematic abuse and neglect. We do not hold animals, nor does the submission of the Pre-Adoption utility entitle you to any particular animal.
What we need

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.91849
Retrieved Text: Bacteria – Plants Or Animals? | Medical Division - Articles on medical subjects every half hour!
Everywhere you look, you are bound to find, almost always, something alive. But if most of the times you can easily make the distinction between plants and animals, what about bacteria? In which category do they go? We all know they are living organisms..but are they plants or animals?
In biology, living organisms are classified by relationships between species, and the science of classification is called Taxonomy. Modern taxonomic classifications are based on the similarities in the genetic material that define each organism.
Bacteria are organisms that have a single cell, and can be found practically everywhere, in any environment, not to mention your own body. In fact, you need bacteria in order to survive, as they are involved in all processes of your body. Moreover, the human body may hold ten times more bacterial cells than human cells. Bacteria are often associated with diseases, but in fact most of them perform functions essential for our survival, like digesting food for example.
Until the middle of the twentieth century, the accepted taxonomy (developed in the eighteen century by Carolus Linnacus, a Swedish botanist) divided the natural world into three categories: animal, vegetable and mineral In the mid-twentieth century, however, a new classification was developed, which divided living organisms into five kingdoms, based on the structure of their cells: animals, plants, bacteria and blue-green algae, and fungi.
However, as scientists learned more about microscopic organisms, a clear distinction between plants and animals seemed no longer possible.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.893514
Retrieved Text: What kind of character is seen as a model by the Jewish tradition? How is a positive attitude toward animals an important part of this character?
What kind of treatment does Judaism require toward animals, given the fact that they feel physical pain?
What kind of treatment does Judaism require toward animals, given the fact that they feel emotional pain (deprivation, fear, neglect)?
What kind of treatment does Judaism require toward animals, given the fact that they have parental feelings toward their young?
What responsibilities do we have toward the animals in our direct care?
What are some of the other responsibilities we have toward the animals in our care besides feeding them well?
Do we have responsibilities toward animals not directly in our care?
Do we have responsibilities toward the animal kingdom as a whole?
Why does Judaism require that nonhuman animals be allowed to rest on Shabbat?
Did Jews understand the various kinds of animal suffering because they, too, were treated badly for centuries in many societies in the Golah?
Jewish tradition embodies the view that good and wise treatment of the animals in our care is so important that it indicates good character and even demonstrates that the person is worthy of being in a position of national responsibility and leadership.
Story of David the shepherd.
Rebecca was chosen to be Isaac's wife because of the kindness she showed to animals.
Story of Rabbi Yitzhak of Pshiskof, "Ha Yehudi."
What kind of leaders were David and Moses? What qualities of leadership made them outstanding?
What leadership qualities could be observed from the way they treated their sheep?
Does the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.889994
Retrieved Text: Animal friendly products consider how both corporate and manufacturing processes affect all animals and sentient life.
From direct effects on the animals themselves, to wider implications for habitats and ecosystems, an animal friendly approach needs to take all aspects of welfare and any consequential impacts of production into account.
With this in mind, the brands and products which we consider to be animal friendly are those that don’t test on animals, are vegan, or otherwise actively work to improve overall animal welfare.
Animal friendly products from brands which pursue policies promoting and improving animal rights and wellbeing, as well as those which use materials and engage in practices that are cruelty-free can be found in this category.
Similarly, organizations and brands which avoid the use or exploitation of animals, and those which offset any impact to animals and their habitats in some way are considered animal friendly.
What does animal friendly mean?
Animal friendly means considering how products and manufacturing will affect animals (and insects!) and their habitats. We consider brands to be animal friendly if they don’t test on animals, are vegan, or otherwise work to improve animal wellbeing.
What makes a brand animal friendly?
Brands should: Engage in practices and use materials that are cruelty-free. Avoid using animal products. Offset any impact on animals and their habitats that their products and/or manufacturing processes may cause.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.870704
Retrieved Text: Fosters Needed | The Kitten's Cradle, Ltd.
What is a roundup? Well, the Indian Tribal police will hold a round up of all stray animals on the reservation on certain days to help control animal populations. The problem with this happening is that on the reservations they are not governed by the same laws as animal controls for states and or counties and what happens is animals are loaded into a trailer and shot if there are not rescues or resources for them to help place these animals.
Thankfully there is an amazing group up there that works very hard to help all these animals in need and pulls together many rescues to take them in.
But we need fosters to help us save and rescue as many animals as possible.
If you have ever considering fostering now is a great time and by clicking on our link of how to help you can find not only and application but all info needed to help make this possible.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.837798
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between human DNA and other animal DNA?
What exact differences are there between human DNA and animal DNA?
Do animals Have the same DNA as humans?
No. But the chimpanzee's DNA is similar to ours by 98% People believe that we humans developed from the ' chimpanzee because of how similar our DNA samples. It is thought that the chimpanzee is as intelligent as a human but in different ways.
What characteristics do humans share with animals?
Animals and humans are both in the animal kingdom. Characteristicsthat animals and humans share are emotions, thoughts, and physicalsimilarities. For example, a humans and animals are social beingswho form bonds with family, friends, and neighbors.
Which animal is closest to human DNA?
Although it is commonly known that chimpanzees are 99% human, the most updated studies show that they still have the closest DNA to humans of all the other animals, but are rather closer to 95% human.
What animals will share the most genes?
The animals that will share the most genes are those that are themost closely related. Supporting theories that human evolved fromprimates, humans share a lot of genetic similarities with apes andmonkeys.
Genetic difference between human DNA and Animal DNA?
Can you combing human DNA with other animal DNA?
Do you extract human DNA the same as animal DNA?
Yes. The DNA is found in the nucleus of every cell. It's simply acase of extracting the DNA from the cell.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.834807
Retrieved Text: ❶The selfless love shown by pet animals is incomparable. If you could talk to an animal, what animal would you talk to and what would you talk about?
From many angles, it is proved that animals are our friends. We establish intimacy with them by "keeping them as our pets. Sometimes they are kept in cages. There are some pet animals who are allowed to stay with us freely. Both, animals and birds can be our pets. Dog is a faithful animal. Probably, it is the most faithful of all. Animal Rights Essay - Model Answer. Some people believe that animals should be treated in the same way humans are and have similar rights, whereas others think that it is more important to use them as we desire for food and medical research. This essay will discuss both points of view.
Jun 29, · Essay Topics about Animals The animal topics considered are: Veterinary care is very expensive Water pollution is not dangerous to aquatic life Animal health is a money-making venture Important factors to consider when adopting a pet Animal testing is beneficial Animal cruelty must be banned Monkeys are the most intelligent animals among all. Subject: Essay/Speech on “Animals” Mode: Medium Grade- 4 Target Age Group: years Total sentences: 25 Contributed By: Nehal Gupta, Ahmadabad God created all living things. So we should respect each other’s existence. We should also admit the fact that god has given much power and intelligence to his favourite creation, the human being.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.831078
Retrieved Text: Want to make friendship with animals! Know them first!
Hi Kids! Almost everyone of us have a pet at home, isn't it? We choose Dog, Cat, Birds, Fishes as our pets. But what if we choose forest animals! Don't surprise! You know what, in ancient times forest animals like Tigers, Deers, Crocodiles were chosen as pets by kings in many countries! Wow, isn't it! But general people used to choose Elephants, Cows, Buffellos, Goats etc. as their pets. Want to know more..? See the description.
Almost all of us can recognise the animals by their names. But what if we try to draw their figures!
Today we are going to have a look at them closely, so that we can draw them on paper. You know what, animals can be best friends of humans like me and you! Strange! But it is true. Recall all the moments you spent with your dogy / pushy. They love to play with you! And never leave you alone, even when you sleep. How do they look after you when you are in some problem!
Yes! Like your other pets, Deers, Elephants, Monkeys etc can also be your very good friends!
Here are some of the forest animals. Your resonsibility is to color them and make them your friend forever.
Have a nice day! I'll be back soon with some other strange stories!
In this article there are some funny animals coloring pages for kids.These coloring pages will help kids to improve their skills and will also create a jumbo great fun. There are 64 coloring pages

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.815536
Retrieved Text: April is designated as Volunteer Month, and as the community shelter for 21 municipalities in southern New Jersey, we are grateful for the many helping hands that have cared for our animals since our inception in 1988.
Each volunteer has made a lasting impact on what VAO is today. Motivated by passion and a deep devotion to animals, these individuals make all the difference in the lives of our cats and dogs.
A prime example is Atco resident Denise Delaney who works as a manager of administrative services for an insurance brokerage firm.
Her love for animals is what brought her to VAO, nearly 20 years ago.
“I wanted to help homeless animals find a loving home, but I only wanted to work at a shelter where I knew they put the animals first, and that’s VAO. I could not volunteer with a more caring group of people,” says Denise.
At VAO, the staff and volunteers care for approximately 150 animals on any given day. Socializing with animals is key to their mental well-being, whether it’s taking the dogs for a walk, playing fetch or cuddling and petting a cat.
“Each second spent with the animal means the world to them. When you see an animal looking at you, there’s a bond there. If you’re an animal lover, you know exactly what I mean,” adds Denise.
Of course, the main goal of the staff and volunteers is to help find the animals a forever home. Denise is no stranger to the adoption process – she has adopted five animals from VAO since she

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.801004
Retrieved Text: What is the first thought that comes to your mind if someone were to ask this question? thanks!
uh, really? I always hear people say that humans destroy the world and the environment more. Our "contributions" are limited to trying to fix our mistakes (ie-curing cancer, stopping global warming) and creating more things for us to buy.
But do humans often ignore their conscience and thereby are capable of extreme evil, whereas animals rely solely on their instincts of survival and have not an "evil" bone in their body. Logic is what makes human beings capable of extreme evil.
Best Answer: it is only humans that think we are more important than other animals, because we are much more intelligent than other animals, i bet animals think that we are stupid and think that they are more important than us, so humans are not more important than other animals it is just what we think.
Humans think they are better than animals because they are at the top of the food chain and we are much smarter when half the time animals seem like they don't know what they are doing but they are actually doing something triggered on instinct because an animals instinct is it's most vital ability.
We think that animals are less important because they are less intelligent, does this give people the right to mass murder?
We find reasons to justify blowing each other up, killing the wildlife, the animals, destroying the planet and then we say "but i m better than the animals because i am blessed

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.787686
Retrieved Text: Is it safe to bring a 3 year old rottweiler into a family with small children?
It deppends on animals behaviour, but still NO!
Why does water taste different in some places?
What do you call a person who preserves animals?
What does a Sandhill Crane eat?
Does music affect an animal's mood?
What do inchworms look like as babies?
Why it is very hard to stop vehicles that fly fast and are heavy?
Is rotting a physical change?
What does 'man is an animal suspended in webs of significance he himself has spun' mean?
Why science is a curse?
Do all proteins have quandary structure?
What are the animals in France?
What animal do not move?
How do you make a pet rock in battleon?
What are the sources of waste?
What are the different uses of animals in a different walk of life?
What happened to the people on Java after Krakatau's 1883 eruption?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.77876
Retrieved Text: Young kids especially are wired to analyze the world around them by acting on the question: “what happens if I try this?” Exotic jungles, rain forests and deserts are about as far away from most children’s bedrooms as you can get. Extreme nature can seem a little dangerous, but also extremely fascinating with all its wild animal inhabitants. So what would happen if you brought them all into your house?
- If you feel like building a few animals before the party starts, you can hide them in your house and leave trails of footprints that lead to the animals. Then you can send your team of young wildlife explorers on safari with a check list to see how many animals they can spot.
- What happens when all these animals meet on the Savannah or in the jungle for the first time? And what would they do if they met a bunch of wild human friends?
- “Which animal am I?” Each guest draws a picture of an animal from a safari hat. Everyone gets a few minutes to build their animal’s favorite food – or maybe footprints? - with DUPLO bricks. By turn, everyone can try to guess what animals their friends have turned into!
Download your free safari birthday party kit here for more inspiration. With hats, banners and fun footprint decorations, your child can have a wild birthday!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.775171
Retrieved Text: The typical trip to the zoo with small children usually plays out like this: kicking, screaming, and excited, the stroller patrol is carted into the wide gates of the local zoo where animal sounds are ringing out from indiscernible locations.
The animal diversity can be overwhelming, and no one can decide what to see first, as they study a map of inconvenient, wielding twists and turns that seem to separate everyone’s favorite animal by a few miles.
The congested crowding makes it difficult or impossible to read the teeny plaques revealing what the monkey with the giant nose is, or the strange little birds that dominate the floors of a mixed exhibit, and everyone is rushed along to make room for another waiting crowd of people whom will suffer the same fate.
Zoological facilities often tout their educational value, but with animals viewed so briefly, and attention only maintained by youngsters when a monkey scratches itself in a ‘private’ area or when an elephant eliminates in the waterfall-esque way that they do, it can be hard to achieve this important benefit that zoos can provide for the young and old.
In fact, there are many special interest groups that undermine zoos with the complaint that they are not educational and teach children to be ‘entertained’ by ‘caged animals’, which in turn is disrespectful to wildlife. These groups would love to see zoos closed down.
I believe that zoos provide people the unmatchable opportunity to see animals that one would have to be a seasoned jungle explorer to view in the wild,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.770598
Retrieved Text: Is there a possibility you can talk about the subject of what happens to animals who are victims of humanity in the afterlife? For example, (animals used for) food, entertainment, testing, as companions.
I’m really hoping there is some type of reward for them when they go home. I truly feel they are undercover angels and are an important path to help us evolve our souls. I could be wrong. But I was hoping you could explain what happens to the billions who lose their lives each year.
My spirit guides are particularly fond of animals, and have talked about them many times.
Animals are one of the greatest gifts humanity has ever received.
Animals are not in your lives solely for your entertainment, though they certainly do entertain you. More importantly, they are here as your greatest teachers and, often, your healers.
Animals help you see life from a whole new perspective, from that wise and broad perspective they have.
Animals teach you how to live more fully in the present moment.
You are all one—humans, animals, plants, all your Mother Earth.
One difference between animals and humans is animals are uninhibited. They know who they are. All they want to do is simply be who they are.
Animals, in their naturally uninhibited, unlimited being, radiate an energy, love and joy that can touch even the most hardened human hearts.
Animals teach you to love unconditionally, finding joy, passion and pleasure in every moment of their physical lives.
Animals have no fear of illness or death. And, more importantly, they have no fear of life.
Animals have

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.769001
Retrieved Text: The 4th of October is a special animal recognition day. This is a day set aside to honor all types of animals across the world; and to also honor all the people who love and respect animals. Let’s all participate in the World Animal Day celebration! There are millions of amazingly wonderful animals and their presence on this beautiful planet enriches our human experience as we journey through life.
World Animal Day started in Florence in 1931, at a convention of ecologists with the original intent to bring attention to endangered or threatened species. The date October 4th was chosen because it is a feast day in honor of Francis of Assisi, who is a historically notable nature lover and patron saint of animals and the environment.
This special day is celebrated in many different ways in every country. Today the celebration and recognition of animals has no regard to nationality, political ideology, religion, or faith. This celebration does not represent any person, organization, or campaign but rather belongs to all of us, everywhere. Churches, synagogues and independent Animal Chaplains hold blessings in parks and fields, while Zoos and other organizations celebrate with simply sharing and recognition.
World Animal Day gives all of us a chance to focus on our individual pets as well as other animals. It’s a day for unity and to help spread animal education. It’s a day to help raise awareness of all animal issues that exist throughout the world.
Today let’s join the world in celebration and begin a journey of increased animal awareness. Start

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.765128
Retrieved Text: Is any one else slightly offended by this site?
Before posting the link I want to state that I DID NOT view all the pages but from the few I did view, it appears that none contain any gross/sickening pictures. Some of the "stupid" animals just have a massive case of bed-head and others are like the bunny pictured below.
Okay, not to get off topic, but what exactly is this? Some sort of anteater?
How the heck is this stupid?!?!?!?!!
Maybe the owners just named the website what they are [stupid] and added animals. Or atleast that's the only resonable explanation.
And I noticed that most of the cats on the cat page were Persians. Persians are lovely cats and are not stupid.
I'm disturbed!! All those pics are actually quite cute. I wonder why they call it that particular name??
Eh....Everyone's entitled to their own oipnions. If the creator of the site thought the animals were stupid, well then....We can't change their views.
It's simple....if you don't like it don't go there.
OMG!! That`s sooooo mean! Why would N E one think those are stupid?
or anything else on there.
That's not real. You can tell by the shape of the body. Look at how large the front feet are.....I have seen several ardwark and none that had that body type.
The people who made this site are screaming to the world how ignorant they are! There are of course no such thing as stupid animals!! We can only hope they'll grow up and learn!
That's a terrible website!Animals are not stupid and why are they making

================



======= Instance Index 732 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "All animals are what?" and the following answer choices: 
- consumers
 - all matter
 - insects
 - aquatic
 - plants
 - furry
 - parasites
 - infected

Now knowing that all animals are heterotrophs and all consumers are also called Heterotrophs, choose the best answer.

Target Text: consumers

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.283422
Retrieved Text: The world of animals is enormously interesting for all young learners. No other topic arouses the same level of excitement and curiosity - Which animals are awake at night? What do animals eat? Where do they live? What are their babies called? What sounds do they make? - The list is endless! We answer all these and a whole lot more with Skillmatics Animal Kingdom. These fun learning activities will ensure your students learn about over 75 amazing animals!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.193719
Retrieved Text: In this book you have to say, "Brown Bear, Brown Bear, what do you see?" The bear says, "I see a red bird looking at me." Then you ask all the animals, "What do you see?" There are many animals like a blue horse and purple cat. Then the teacher asks the children, "What do you see?" They can see all the animals.
I like to sing and read this book with my friends. You have to remember what comes next. You can be one of the animals. My favorite animal is the bear. Eric Carle paints all the animals with beautiful colors.
If you like to sing, you can read this book. It is easy and fun.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.187355
Retrieved Text: God's Plan - Trinity Cares Inc.
Trinity Cares begins with following the word of God.
Who did God put in charge of all living creatures?
Humans, and who better to help and protect those living creatures than us Christians? We know God's word, and we seek to do God's will.
What is God asking mankind to do?
To have dominion and to rule over all animals.
How should humanity rule over animals?
What is God saying about whales, sharks, fish, turtles, crab, shrimp, lobsters etc.?
God is saying that all life in all waters is good.
God is saying, all birds are good.
What is God saying about cows, horses, bears, moose, deer, elephants, giraffes, zebras, lions, etc.?
God is saying all wild animals are good.
What is God saying about our food, plants, and trees?
God put humans in charge of all animals, big and small, including reptiles, birds, and fish. Humans are also in charge of trees, flowers, fruits, berries, and food. We have dominion over all living things on earth, and God concludes his creation of animals and plants is good.
Therefore, this creation should be ruled with LOVE and respect.
Trinity Cares Inc. recognizes God's plan that humans are responsible for animals.
Trinity Cares Inc. sees all animals, as God does, as good.
How shall humans rule over animals?
As we were created to, in the image and likeness of our creator, God, Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit.
Our Lord is our role model, leader, and guide in how we should rule over animals.
How much does God care about animals?
God values and loves sparrows, God loves birds, God loves caterpillars

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.11027
Retrieved Text: Napolean is a bossy pig that runs the farm and everyone listens to what he says. He breaks all the rules and then changes them before they can catch him.
He claims "all animals are equal"
Napolean who is the lead pig on the farm and what i would consider the owner of animal farm has alot more then the other animals, including, sleeping in the farm house, eating off the fine china, and he changes the rules when he breaks them so he cannot be caught. he is sneaky and can pretty much get away with anything. because of all these reasons there is not any equality on the farm as far as the ranking of the animals that a current.
The Battle of Cowshed was a big war between the farmers and the animals on animal farm. Napolean had a whole defense line set up if this were ever to happen. The farmers moved forward and napolean released the first line of defense. This line held them back a little bit. Napolean released the second line of defense which held them back a little more. The farmers then rushed through and Napolean sent the entire rest of the animals out. The animals end up winning the battle and boxer ends up killing one of the farmers. The animals take Jones' gun as a sign of victory.
The 7 Commandments are list of rules the the animals are supposed to follow. Napolean breaks the rules alot anyway. all of the other animals follow the rules and do what they

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.102593
Retrieved Text: How many liters are in 3600 cm?
What eats a lampropeltis getulus Californiae?
I have a painting by d gardner - is it valuable?
Who is pooh bear's beat friend?
What is the meaning of the name Tuco?
Do pomeranians get along withother animals?
What are the animals of colombia south america?
What is a term foran animal that lives in another plant or animal and eats plants or animals without killing it?
Give examples of active transport in living organisms?
What is a person called if he-she forget things?
What are the kidneys responsible for?
In which location would you expect to find shellfish populations?
What is the second mostly hunted animal?
What can you feed wild baby skunks?
What date was tutankhamun born?
What are all the animals that can generate electricity or shock you?
How do lady bugs have a babies?
Second largest group of animals on earth?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.0887
Retrieved Text: Buy, sell, trade, or browse animals, produce and wares from local community. Think of it as a Farmer’s Market but with live farm animals They are a lot of fun so bring the kids!
FREE admission- including vendors. No need to register.
Sat, September 14 – last one for the season!
A: Simply show up with your animals, set up shop and sell away. No fees. No hassle. Our swap takes place in the open field behind Wardle Feed and Pet on the south side of Three Acre Lane (42nd Avenue).
Q: I’m looking to buy animals. What do I do?
A: Just show up and buy or browse. In fact, we encourage you to bring the kids or grand kids and enjoy showing them all the farm animals.
Q: What animals are available?
A: Depends on the week. Chicken swaps are like farmer’s markets for animals. People bring in what they have available. You will may see some of the following animals: chicks, pullets, laying hens, ducks, geese, goats, rabbits, quail, pigs, and pets. Swing by and check it out. Wardle Feed also houses all sorts of animals such as goats, chickens, a turkey, rabbits, peacocks, and even a mini-horse and min-donkey. Stop by and say hi – these animals would love to see you and your kids! There is no admission fee to look -but beware – you may really want to buy an animal before you leave!
Q: I’m looking to sell my produce or products. What do I do?
A: Just show up, set up, and sell. It is a great

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.067358
Retrieved Text: Can You Name These Famous Disney Animals?
We all know the princes and princesses of Disney Animation, but we often forget about the famous Disney animals. Do you think you know all of these fictional critters? Take these 12 questions and find out!
What is the name of the friendly undersea Guppy from "The Little Mermaid?"
What fictional Disney animal is an alien type being created by Dr. Jumba Jookiba?
What is the name of the white furred kitten featured in "The Aristocats?"
What type of animal are Chip and Dale?
What was the name of Simba's father in "The Lion King?"
What type of fish is Nemo from "Finding Nemo?"
What was Pluto's original name?
What year did Donald Duck make his fist appearance?
What type of bear is Baloo from "The Jungle Book?"
What movie does the character Koda appear in?
You are a Disney darling! While you may not be as informed on famous Disney animals as some people, you've still got a good handle on these fictional furry characters.
You are a Disney dynamo! Forget princes and princesses, your favorite Disney characters are of a slightly different species. You are extremely educated on your Disney animals. Well done!
You are Disney dynamic! It is clear that you know and love the world of Disney. Not only do you know your princesses and villains, but you're an expert on Disney animals. Great job!
Can You Name These Famous Animals?
How Much Do You Know About Disney World?
How Big of a Disney Movie Fan Are You?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.062607
Retrieved Text: Our weekly after school enrichment programs provide interactive, animal-themed activities to Newport County schools. Each program aims to foster a love of animals, while teaching compassion and respect for the world around them.
Learn all about the Potter League and our favorite pets, including dogs, cats, rabbits, birds and small mammals. Through hands-on activities, crafts and stories, participants get an in-depth look at the responsibilities of keeping a pet happy and healthy.
Spend time with man’s best friend and learn all about dogs—pedigree, mixed breed, and wild. Investigate how dogs came to live with people, how breeds were developed, and what their unique history means for responsible pet owners.
Learn about jobs that involve animals, from pets to wildlife. Discover what career opportunities are available, what responsibilities each job involves, and what training is needed to get the job of your dreams.
We are lucky to live in an area with many different kinds of animals. Learn all about the pets, farm animals, and wild animals that live right here in Rhode Island.
Explore the Potter League’s process from animal intake to adoption. Investigate the animals’ path through the shelter, and find out how homeless animals become wonderful family members.
After school programs are offered in weekly one-hour sessions for a fee of $7 per student per hour.
Program sessions can run for three to seven weeks.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.017645
Retrieved Text: The welfare of animals is very important and these pages will give you further information and ideas about what you could do to help.
Does your school want to make a difference to the lives of animals? We all know that animals can’t speak for themselves. Are you ready to be their voice?
Take a look at the following resources.
How can we make our school activities more animal-friendly?
What aspects of our school life could be more animal-friendly?
What can we do to help improve animal welfare in our local area?
What animals are affected by the food we have in schools?
How can we make people aware of animal welfare issues?
How does litter affect the welfare of animals?
What are the issues with keeping pets in schools?
How animal-friendly are our school grounds?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.016995
Retrieved Text: Find List Of All Extinct Animals on DealsNow.com. Explore Now! 1000+ Topics. Trending Results.
Why Are Gorillas Becoming Extinct?
What Animals Are on the Extinct List?
What Are the Most Endangered Animals in the World?
Do Sloths Walk on the Ground?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.015648
Retrieved Text: Birds have wings rather than arms. Wings help birds to fly.
This quiz addresses the requirements of the National Curriculum KS1 Science for children aged 5 and 6 in years 1 and 2. Specifically this quiz is aimed at the section dealing with the shape and main parts of animal bodies.
Animals are not all the same shape. Birds have wings. Most birds can fly. Fish swim - they do not have legs. But all animals have the main parts of a head and a body. The shape of an animal's body tells you a lot about where it lives. How much do you know about how animals look? What do you know about the main parts of different animals?
Why do birds have wings?
Some animals live in shells. Why do they live in shells?
Have you collected seashells? What shape were they?
Why do frogs have such big back legs?
What do fish have instead of legs and arms?
Crocodiles are always on the lookout for a meal. Why do they have eyes on the top of their head?
This animal can fly. But it is not a bird. What is it?
Turtles swim in the sea. What do turtles have instead of arms and legs?
What do animals have in their head?
Some birds have webbed feet. Why do ducks have webbed feet?
What noise do ducks make?
Most animals have a tail. Can you think of an animal that does NOT have a tail?
Tails help animals to move and to balance. But humans do not have tails!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.012394
Retrieved Text: Humans have tried to separate themselves from nature and to gain an understanding of what it means to be human, through studies of nature. Ideas of human nature have political and ideological implications, and are thus important in providing information about what it means to be human and what the relation to animals and the environment "ought" to be like. The ideology of human nature makes the world hence meaningful and points out what kind of actions regarding environmental issues are appropriate. The understanding of human nature and the human relationship with nature is culturally and historically produced. Humans' cultural conception thus also influences what kind of relationships are seen as desirable with particular animals. Different animals are seen as having different relations to humans, relations in which all animals are not seen as being equal. Some animals are defined edible, others are defined as companions.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.996435
Retrieved Text: Animals aren’t less than human.
Spare the chimps, boil the shrimps, shock the mice, kill the lice, eat the hogs, pith the frogs, blind the rabbits, what drives these habits?
Human animals use nonhuman animals (hereafter animals) in many ways – for food, research, education, entertainment, and testing cosmetics and other products. Animals are also routinely and wantonly killed because humans want to expand their horizons – building more shopping malls, parking lots, subdivisions or office buildings. Human benefits are said to outweigh the costs to the animals – their anxiety, pain, and death — and human interests trump those of the animals.
Are We Entering The Age of Empathy?
Just who do we think we are, and what do the animals think about us?
protected group regardless of an individual’s unique characteristics.
hierarchical speciesism results in endless harm and is bad biology.
capacities and ignore individual differences.
emotional, good, or valuable – than others based on species membership.
We live in a troubled and wounded world that is in dire need of healing. We all should be troubled and terrified by what we have done and continue to do. Humans are an arrogant lot and we have made huge and horrific global messes that need to be repaired now. The overriding sense of turmoil is apparent to anyone who takes the time to pay attention. Researchers and non-researchers alike are extremely concerned about unprecedented global losses of biodiversity and how humans suffer because of our destructive ways. We are animals and we should be proud and aware of our membership in the animal kingdom.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.977091
Retrieved Text: A group of animals in Africa are waiting for the water to come down from the hills but it never arrives. Needed for their survival they go in search of it and along the way meet some turtles, a polar bear, a chicken and various other animals all that have arrived in Africa with a problem. What they discover is mankind has created a giant dam blocking the flow of water. Realising they are in deep danger from mankind they unite to try and prevent mankind from destroying their homes.
Okay so let me make this simple we have a bunch of animals from all over the world who would probably kill each other if placed in the same room uniting because mankind is destroying their homes. That is it, that is what you get in "Animals United" and whilst I tend to try and be generous to movies made for children this one is a fail. Firstly it is a fail for grown ups as other than a few voices you might recognize it offers nothing to entertain them.
But "Animals United" is a children's movie and sadly it is still a fail because firstly it isn't funny, secondly it stretches the premise out to the point it is no longer interesting and is as subtle as a brick when it comes to the environmental message it is hitting you over the head with. In truth the only people I can see being entertained by "Animals United" are the really young children who will be amused by

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.947702
Retrieved Text: If you are passionate about animals and want to assist alleviate their struggling, you’ll have thought about starting your individual rescue or sanctuary. Please share this video and help us find these dogs loving homes. The first step is figuring out what sort of animals you want to rescue, and what number of animals you can adequately present care for at your facility. No matter the location or scale of the deployment, the ASPCA is prepared to take on animal cruelty cases when wanted—from initial investigations to the final placement of rescued animals in properties.
No shelter that truly cares for animals ought to ever flip its back on an animal in want, even when that means taking in animals who’re diseased, badly injured, aggressive, or elderly. There are additionally medical and behavioral benefits to spaying (feminine pets) and neutering (male pets) your animals.
Approved applicants who’re severely fascinated about a particular animal might place them on reserve to satisfy as soon as they become ready for adoption.There’s NO CHARGE to place a reservation. We imagine animals are an integral a part of our lives and we get pleasure from seeing the excitement on our adopters’ faces as they add a new canine or feline family member.
PETA’s undercover investigation at a North Carolina no-kill shelter called All Creatures Nice and Small documented that animals were suffering bodily and emotionally on account of ongoing, systematic abuse and neglect. We do not hold animals, nor does the submission of the Pre-Adoption utility entitle you to any particular animal.
What we need

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.91849
Retrieved Text: Bacteria – Plants Or Animals? | Medical Division - Articles on medical subjects every half hour!
Everywhere you look, you are bound to find, almost always, something alive. But if most of the times you can easily make the distinction between plants and animals, what about bacteria? In which category do they go? We all know they are living organisms..but are they plants or animals?
In biology, living organisms are classified by relationships between species, and the science of classification is called Taxonomy. Modern taxonomic classifications are based on the similarities in the genetic material that define each organism.
Bacteria are organisms that have a single cell, and can be found practically everywhere, in any environment, not to mention your own body. In fact, you need bacteria in order to survive, as they are involved in all processes of your body. Moreover, the human body may hold ten times more bacterial cells than human cells. Bacteria are often associated with diseases, but in fact most of them perform functions essential for our survival, like digesting food for example.
Until the middle of the twentieth century, the accepted taxonomy (developed in the eighteen century by Carolus Linnacus, a Swedish botanist) divided the natural world into three categories: animal, vegetable and mineral In the mid-twentieth century, however, a new classification was developed, which divided living organisms into five kingdoms, based on the structure of their cells: animals, plants, bacteria and blue-green algae, and fungi.
However, as scientists learned more about microscopic organisms, a clear distinction between plants and animals seemed no longer possible.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.893514
Retrieved Text: What kind of character is seen as a model by the Jewish tradition? How is a positive attitude toward animals an important part of this character?
What kind of treatment does Judaism require toward animals, given the fact that they feel physical pain?
What kind of treatment does Judaism require toward animals, given the fact that they feel emotional pain (deprivation, fear, neglect)?
What kind of treatment does Judaism require toward animals, given the fact that they have parental feelings toward their young?
What responsibilities do we have toward the animals in our direct care?
What are some of the other responsibilities we have toward the animals in our care besides feeding them well?
Do we have responsibilities toward animals not directly in our care?
Do we have responsibilities toward the animal kingdom as a whole?
Why does Judaism require that nonhuman animals be allowed to rest on Shabbat?
Did Jews understand the various kinds of animal suffering because they, too, were treated badly for centuries in many societies in the Golah?
Jewish tradition embodies the view that good and wise treatment of the animals in our care is so important that it indicates good character and even demonstrates that the person is worthy of being in a position of national responsibility and leadership.
Story of David the shepherd.
Rebecca was chosen to be Isaac's wife because of the kindness she showed to animals.
Story of Rabbi Yitzhak of Pshiskof, "Ha Yehudi."
What kind of leaders were David and Moses? What qualities of leadership made them outstanding?
What leadership qualities could be observed from the way they treated their sheep?
Does the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.889994
Retrieved Text: Animal friendly products consider how both corporate and manufacturing processes affect all animals and sentient life.
From direct effects on the animals themselves, to wider implications for habitats and ecosystems, an animal friendly approach needs to take all aspects of welfare and any consequential impacts of production into account.
With this in mind, the brands and products which we consider to be animal friendly are those that don’t test on animals, are vegan, or otherwise actively work to improve overall animal welfare.
Animal friendly products from brands which pursue policies promoting and improving animal rights and wellbeing, as well as those which use materials and engage in practices that are cruelty-free can be found in this category.
Similarly, organizations and brands which avoid the use or exploitation of animals, and those which offset any impact to animals and their habitats in some way are considered animal friendly.
What does animal friendly mean?
Animal friendly means considering how products and manufacturing will affect animals (and insects!) and their habitats. We consider brands to be animal friendly if they don’t test on animals, are vegan, or otherwise work to improve animal wellbeing.
What makes a brand animal friendly?
Brands should: Engage in practices and use materials that are cruelty-free. Avoid using animal products. Offset any impact on animals and their habitats that their products and/or manufacturing processes may cause.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.870704
Retrieved Text: Fosters Needed | The Kitten's Cradle, Ltd.
What is a roundup? Well, the Indian Tribal police will hold a round up of all stray animals on the reservation on certain days to help control animal populations. The problem with this happening is that on the reservations they are not governed by the same laws as animal controls for states and or counties and what happens is animals are loaded into a trailer and shot if there are not rescues or resources for them to help place these animals.
Thankfully there is an amazing group up there that works very hard to help all these animals in need and pulls together many rescues to take them in.
But we need fosters to help us save and rescue as many animals as possible.
If you have ever considering fostering now is a great time and by clicking on our link of how to help you can find not only and application but all info needed to help make this possible.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.837798
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between human DNA and other animal DNA?
What exact differences are there between human DNA and animal DNA?
Do animals Have the same DNA as humans?
No. But the chimpanzee's DNA is similar to ours by 98% People believe that we humans developed from the ' chimpanzee because of how similar our DNA samples. It is thought that the chimpanzee is as intelligent as a human but in different ways.
What characteristics do humans share with animals?
Animals and humans are both in the animal kingdom. Characteristicsthat animals and humans share are emotions, thoughts, and physicalsimilarities. For example, a humans and animals are social beingswho form bonds with family, friends, and neighbors.
Which animal is closest to human DNA?
Although it is commonly known that chimpanzees are 99% human, the most updated studies show that they still have the closest DNA to humans of all the other animals, but are rather closer to 95% human.
What animals will share the most genes?
The animals that will share the most genes are those that are themost closely related. Supporting theories that human evolved fromprimates, humans share a lot of genetic similarities with apes andmonkeys.
Genetic difference between human DNA and Animal DNA?
Can you combing human DNA with other animal DNA?
Do you extract human DNA the same as animal DNA?
Yes. The DNA is found in the nucleus of every cell. It's simply acase of extracting the DNA from the cell.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.834807
Retrieved Text: ❶The selfless love shown by pet animals is incomparable. If you could talk to an animal, what animal would you talk to and what would you talk about?
From many angles, it is proved that animals are our friends. We establish intimacy with them by "keeping them as our pets. Sometimes they are kept in cages. There are some pet animals who are allowed to stay with us freely. Both, animals and birds can be our pets. Dog is a faithful animal. Probably, it is the most faithful of all. Animal Rights Essay - Model Answer. Some people believe that animals should be treated in the same way humans are and have similar rights, whereas others think that it is more important to use them as we desire for food and medical research. This essay will discuss both points of view.
Jun 29, · Essay Topics about Animals The animal topics considered are: Veterinary care is very expensive Water pollution is not dangerous to aquatic life Animal health is a money-making venture Important factors to consider when adopting a pet Animal testing is beneficial Animal cruelty must be banned Monkeys are the most intelligent animals among all. Subject: Essay/Speech on “Animals” Mode: Medium Grade- 4 Target Age Group: years Total sentences: 25 Contributed By: Nehal Gupta, Ahmadabad God created all living things. So we should respect each other’s existence. We should also admit the fact that god has given much power and intelligence to his favourite creation, the human being.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.831078
Retrieved Text: Want to make friendship with animals! Know them first!
Hi Kids! Almost everyone of us have a pet at home, isn't it? We choose Dog, Cat, Birds, Fishes as our pets. But what if we choose forest animals! Don't surprise! You know what, in ancient times forest animals like Tigers, Deers, Crocodiles were chosen as pets by kings in many countries! Wow, isn't it! But general people used to choose Elephants, Cows, Buffellos, Goats etc. as their pets. Want to know more..? See the description.
Almost all of us can recognise the animals by their names. But what if we try to draw their figures!
Today we are going to have a look at them closely, so that we can draw them on paper. You know what, animals can be best friends of humans like me and you! Strange! But it is true. Recall all the moments you spent with your dogy / pushy. They love to play with you! And never leave you alone, even when you sleep. How do they look after you when you are in some problem!
Yes! Like your other pets, Deers, Elephants, Monkeys etc can also be your very good friends!
Here are some of the forest animals. Your resonsibility is to color them and make them your friend forever.
Have a nice day! I'll be back soon with some other strange stories!
In this article there are some funny animals coloring pages for kids.These coloring pages will help kids to improve their skills and will also create a jumbo great fun. There are 64 coloring pages

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.815536
Retrieved Text: April is designated as Volunteer Month, and as the community shelter for 21 municipalities in southern New Jersey, we are grateful for the many helping hands that have cared for our animals since our inception in 1988.
Each volunteer has made a lasting impact on what VAO is today. Motivated by passion and a deep devotion to animals, these individuals make all the difference in the lives of our cats and dogs.
A prime example is Atco resident Denise Delaney who works as a manager of administrative services for an insurance brokerage firm.
Her love for animals is what brought her to VAO, nearly 20 years ago.
“I wanted to help homeless animals find a loving home, but I only wanted to work at a shelter where I knew they put the animals first, and that’s VAO. I could not volunteer with a more caring group of people,” says Denise.
At VAO, the staff and volunteers care for approximately 150 animals on any given day. Socializing with animals is key to their mental well-being, whether it’s taking the dogs for a walk, playing fetch or cuddling and petting a cat.
“Each second spent with the animal means the world to them. When you see an animal looking at you, there’s a bond there. If you’re an animal lover, you know exactly what I mean,” adds Denise.
Of course, the main goal of the staff and volunteers is to help find the animals a forever home. Denise is no stranger to the adoption process – she has adopted five animals from VAO since she

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.801004
Retrieved Text: What is the first thought that comes to your mind if someone were to ask this question? thanks!
uh, really? I always hear people say that humans destroy the world and the environment more. Our "contributions" are limited to trying to fix our mistakes (ie-curing cancer, stopping global warming) and creating more things for us to buy.
But do humans often ignore their conscience and thereby are capable of extreme evil, whereas animals rely solely on their instincts of survival and have not an "evil" bone in their body. Logic is what makes human beings capable of extreme evil.
Best Answer: it is only humans that think we are more important than other animals, because we are much more intelligent than other animals, i bet animals think that we are stupid and think that they are more important than us, so humans are not more important than other animals it is just what we think.
Humans think they are better than animals because they are at the top of the food chain and we are much smarter when half the time animals seem like they don't know what they are doing but they are actually doing something triggered on instinct because an animals instinct is it's most vital ability.
We think that animals are less important because they are less intelligent, does this give people the right to mass murder?
We find reasons to justify blowing each other up, killing the wildlife, the animals, destroying the planet and then we say "but i m better than the animals because i am blessed

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.787686
Retrieved Text: Is it safe to bring a 3 year old rottweiler into a family with small children?
It deppends on animals behaviour, but still NO!
Why does water taste different in some places?
What do you call a person who preserves animals?
What does a Sandhill Crane eat?
Does music affect an animal's mood?
What do inchworms look like as babies?
Why it is very hard to stop vehicles that fly fast and are heavy?
Is rotting a physical change?
What does 'man is an animal suspended in webs of significance he himself has spun' mean?
Why science is a curse?
Do all proteins have quandary structure?
What are the animals in France?
What animal do not move?
How do you make a pet rock in battleon?
What are the sources of waste?
What are the different uses of animals in a different walk of life?
What happened to the people on Java after Krakatau's 1883 eruption?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.77876
Retrieved Text: Young kids especially are wired to analyze the world around them by acting on the question: “what happens if I try this?” Exotic jungles, rain forests and deserts are about as far away from most children’s bedrooms as you can get. Extreme nature can seem a little dangerous, but also extremely fascinating with all its wild animal inhabitants. So what would happen if you brought them all into your house?
- If you feel like building a few animals before the party starts, you can hide them in your house and leave trails of footprints that lead to the animals. Then you can send your team of young wildlife explorers on safari with a check list to see how many animals they can spot.
- What happens when all these animals meet on the Savannah or in the jungle for the first time? And what would they do if they met a bunch of wild human friends?
- “Which animal am I?” Each guest draws a picture of an animal from a safari hat. Everyone gets a few minutes to build their animal’s favorite food – or maybe footprints? - with DUPLO bricks. By turn, everyone can try to guess what animals their friends have turned into!
Download your free safari birthday party kit here for more inspiration. With hats, banners and fun footprint decorations, your child can have a wild birthday!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.775171
Retrieved Text: The typical trip to the zoo with small children usually plays out like this: kicking, screaming, and excited, the stroller patrol is carted into the wide gates of the local zoo where animal sounds are ringing out from indiscernible locations.
The animal diversity can be overwhelming, and no one can decide what to see first, as they study a map of inconvenient, wielding twists and turns that seem to separate everyone’s favorite animal by a few miles.
The congested crowding makes it difficult or impossible to read the teeny plaques revealing what the monkey with the giant nose is, or the strange little birds that dominate the floors of a mixed exhibit, and everyone is rushed along to make room for another waiting crowd of people whom will suffer the same fate.
Zoological facilities often tout their educational value, but with animals viewed so briefly, and attention only maintained by youngsters when a monkey scratches itself in a ‘private’ area or when an elephant eliminates in the waterfall-esque way that they do, it can be hard to achieve this important benefit that zoos can provide for the young and old.
In fact, there are many special interest groups that undermine zoos with the complaint that they are not educational and teach children to be ‘entertained’ by ‘caged animals’, which in turn is disrespectful to wildlife. These groups would love to see zoos closed down.
I believe that zoos provide people the unmatchable opportunity to see animals that one would have to be a seasoned jungle explorer to view in the wild,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.770598
Retrieved Text: Is there a possibility you can talk about the subject of what happens to animals who are victims of humanity in the afterlife? For example, (animals used for) food, entertainment, testing, as companions.
I’m really hoping there is some type of reward for them when they go home. I truly feel they are undercover angels and are an important path to help us evolve our souls. I could be wrong. But I was hoping you could explain what happens to the billions who lose their lives each year.
My spirit guides are particularly fond of animals, and have talked about them many times.
Animals are one of the greatest gifts humanity has ever received.
Animals are not in your lives solely for your entertainment, though they certainly do entertain you. More importantly, they are here as your greatest teachers and, often, your healers.
Animals help you see life from a whole new perspective, from that wise and broad perspective they have.
Animals teach you how to live more fully in the present moment.
You are all one—humans, animals, plants, all your Mother Earth.
One difference between animals and humans is animals are uninhibited. They know who they are. All they want to do is simply be who they are.
Animals, in their naturally uninhibited, unlimited being, radiate an energy, love and joy that can touch even the most hardened human hearts.
Animals teach you to love unconditionally, finding joy, passion and pleasure in every moment of their physical lives.
Animals have no fear of illness or death. And, more importantly, they have no fear of life.
Animals have

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.769001
Retrieved Text: The 4th of October is a special animal recognition day. This is a day set aside to honor all types of animals across the world; and to also honor all the people who love and respect animals. Let’s all participate in the World Animal Day celebration! There are millions of amazingly wonderful animals and their presence on this beautiful planet enriches our human experience as we journey through life.
World Animal Day started in Florence in 1931, at a convention of ecologists with the original intent to bring attention to endangered or threatened species. The date October 4th was chosen because it is a feast day in honor of Francis of Assisi, who is a historically notable nature lover and patron saint of animals and the environment.
This special day is celebrated in many different ways in every country. Today the celebration and recognition of animals has no regard to nationality, political ideology, religion, or faith. This celebration does not represent any person, organization, or campaign but rather belongs to all of us, everywhere. Churches, synagogues and independent Animal Chaplains hold blessings in parks and fields, while Zoos and other organizations celebrate with simply sharing and recognition.
World Animal Day gives all of us a chance to focus on our individual pets as well as other animals. It’s a day for unity and to help spread animal education. It’s a day to help raise awareness of all animal issues that exist throughout the world.
Today let’s join the world in celebration and begin a journey of increased animal awareness. Start

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.765128
Retrieved Text: Is any one else slightly offended by this site?
Before posting the link I want to state that I DID NOT view all the pages but from the few I did view, it appears that none contain any gross/sickening pictures. Some of the "stupid" animals just have a massive case of bed-head and others are like the bunny pictured below.
Okay, not to get off topic, but what exactly is this? Some sort of anteater?
How the heck is this stupid?!?!?!?!!
Maybe the owners just named the website what they are [stupid] and added animals. Or atleast that's the only resonable explanation.
And I noticed that most of the cats on the cat page were Persians. Persians are lovely cats and are not stupid.
I'm disturbed!! All those pics are actually quite cute. I wonder why they call it that particular name??
Eh....Everyone's entitled to their own oipnions. If the creator of the site thought the animals were stupid, well then....We can't change their views.
It's simple....if you don't like it don't go there.
OMG!! That`s sooooo mean! Why would N E one think those are stupid?
or anything else on there.
That's not real. You can tell by the shape of the body. Look at how large the front feet are.....I have seen several ardwark and none that had that body type.
The people who made this site are screaming to the world how ignorant they are! There are of course no such thing as stupid animals!! We can only hope they'll grow up and learn!
That's a terrible website!Animals are not stupid and why are they making

================



======= Instance Index 5569 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what requires rest?" and the following answer choices: 
- kinetic energy
 - amphibians
 - all animals
 - watching tv
 - oxygen
 - most organisms
 - Time and energy
 - cell regeneration

Now knowing that healing requires rest and healing and cell regeneration follows, choose the best answer.

Target Text: cell regeneration

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.315138
Retrieved Text: The NOVA Modular Tool Rest System is a flexible system which allows you to mix and match your tool rest posts and supports to create the perfect tool rest for your needs. Gives you the ultimate flexibility! Simply pick your tool bar, box rest or bowl rest (for the top) and your post.
Requires one of NOVA Tools Rest Posts (additional purchase). This threaded Bar enables you to use different NOVA Tool Rest Posts as needed. The 4″/101mm length, is perfect for most mini lathes or when you want more precise tool control for smaller work on your larger lathe. Made from cast steel with a stainless steel top rod for durability and smooth operation.
Requires one of NOVA Tools Rest Posts (additional purchase). This threaded bar enables you to use different NOVA Tool Rest Posts as needed. The 6″/152mm length, is perfect for most mini lathes or when you want more precise tool control for smaller work on your larger lathe. Made from cast steel with a stainless steel top rod for durability and smooth operation.
Requires one of NOVA Tools Rest Posts (additional purchase). This threaded Bar enables you to use different NOVA Toolsrest Posts as needed. The 12″/304mm length, is perfect for most mini lathes or when you want more precise tool control for smaller work on your larger lathe. Made from cast steel with a stainless steel top rod for durability and smooth operation.
Requires one of NOVA Tools Rest Posts (additional purchase). With 8.5″ diameter curve is for turning the interior of bowls. The rest

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.997278
Retrieved Text: Many people perform resistance training for a variety of health and fitness goals including strength, power, muscle mass and muscle endurance. But how should you vary your resistance training program to make it specific to these goals? This article will help you be more specific with your resistance training when you are at the gym no matter what your health and fitness goals are.
Training for pure strength gains requires performing exercises with close to maximal resistance for low amount of repetitions. This form of training requires very good exercise technique and control and should allow longer rest periods between sets to ensure this is maintained.
Power training involves performing exercises with fast explosive movements, often with low to moderate resistances to allow for this high speed of movement. Power training should only be performed by people with a sound strength training background as it requires a sound level of base strength and excellent technique to be performed safely.
When the goal of training is to increase muscle mass or muscle hypertrophy (increasing size), a moderate amount of repetitions should be performed using moderate to high loads. As you progress with this type of training, rest between sets should be reduced and the frequency of training should be increased whilst still allowing for one days recovery between training sessions.
To train a muscle for endurance, low to moderate loads should be used but the amount of repetitions should be high to cause muscle fatigue. The amount of rest between sets should also be limited to promote faster recovery and increase

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.881683
Retrieved Text: Per a thread I saw, there was a question about elves and long rests. The write-up says they go into a trance for 4 hrs. However, when someone asked Mike Mearls about how this affected with a long rest, he said that they still need to rest for 8 hrs; they only need to “sleep” for 4.
So what’s the point of trance, then? My guess is that it has to do with the night watch. Let’s look at the blurb for long rests and see what emerges. My goal here is to accord the right amount of respect to the “trance” perk while keeping the rules for resting as simple as possible.
A long rest is a period of extended downtime, at least 8 hours long, during which a character sleeps or performs light activity: reading, talking, eating, or standing watch for no more than 2 hours. If the rest is interrupted by a period of strenuous activity—at least 1 hour of walking, fighting, casting spells, or similar adventuring activity— the characters must begin the rest again to gain any benefit from it.
Is that two hours consecutively or total?
Is that two hours of watch, or two hours of not-sleeping?
I read it as 2 hrs total. Watch requires a level of attentiveness that reading, chatting, and eating do not. You need to be ready to fight, and possibly patrolling. This read is simpler and at least slightly more believable. Nobody gets to play shenanigans with alternating hours of sleep and watch. Rest is about contiguous downtime.
So what about

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.741448
Retrieved Text: I am not pushing against REST.  Quite the opposite.  I think that you are starting to see the danger of confusing REST and CRUD.  REST+Hypermedia is much better than CRUD any day.
As a visioneer discussion, I would think that this would be of interest to help our community reach the next level (or show what it could be)... not solve a few classes of applications.
> ...and generally seems to have some misconceptions about databases - many of the REST advantages listed can be leveraged with databases just the same (and more).
> ...but again, I do see value of REST in many classes of applications.
>> You may soon find out that an activity-oriented architecture requires some serious modeling and semantics.
>> If your goal is to simply expose your database model using CRUD operations, this discussion will not interest you.
>> You may want to spend a little time researching why REST is not CRUD and vice-versa.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.675058
Retrieved Text: We believe that retirement is the period of life when one is no longer working for money. He needs to fund his day-today expenses from his savings. Planning for the sunset years requires added importance because people over-estimate what they have and under-estimate how much they need post retirement. Retirement planning helps one maintain his/her pre-retirement lifestyle. If you follow SMILYS for retirement years, you keep smiling rest of your life.
If you follow SMILYS for retirement years, you keep smiling rest of your life.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.66911
Retrieved Text: This core-focused workout circuit will hit your abs from every angle possible. Use your Atlas Wristband to accurately track your reps.
Getting strong, defined abdominal muscles requires more than endless amounts of sit-ups. What you really need to do is work all of your core muscles from a variety of angles in a variety of ways to ensure real results.
This core-focused workout incorporates a challenging set scheme and five core-building exercises. All you need is a floor mat and a dumbbell or kettlebell. The workout requires you to switch from your back to your front multiple times, making the set even more difficult and functional. Each core exercise will need to be performed for 20 repetitions.
This core-focused workout is designed to do more than enhance your abdominal muscles, which include the transverse abdominis, internal abdominal oblique, external abdominal oblique, and rectus abdominis. The exercises will also work your lats, hip flexors, and quads, thanks to the inclusion of Mountain Climbers, Russian Twists, and the Plank Toe Touch exercises.
Perform the core-focused workout as a complete circuit. Rest as little as you can in between exercises. When you finish all of the exercises in a row, rest for 30-60 seconds and then do them again for 5 rounds.
If you haven't been training your core muscles properly, 20 repetitions of each exercise may be very difficult. If necessary, lower the weight or repetitions to ensure that you can get through each round without stopping. This is important because this core-focused workout is designed to enhance your conditioning, and that requires

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.620697
Retrieved Text: Drywalling Spaarwater, assisting with installations and repair!
Looking to get your drywall to the next level of attraction? Drywalling Spaarwater offers quality and affordable dry walling services for homes and businesses to set your place apart from the rest.
At Drywalling Spaarwater it does not matter whether it is a new or existing building that requires remodeling or an addition. We can take care drywalling from the ground up including in construction to do a professional job every time.
At Drywalling Spaarwater we have 25 years of drywalling experience and this has offered us the ability to learn and try new things with dry walling and that is why today we are the go to company for everything drywalling.
At Drywalling Spaarwater we love what we do and drywalling is our passion, work with a company that takes drywall to heart. Get in touch with us today for a free estimation!
Drywalling Boschfontein, assisting with installations and repair!
Looking to get your drywall to the next level of attraction? Drywalling Boschfontein offers quality and affordable dry walling services for homes and businesses to set your place apart from the rest.
At Drywalling Boschfontein it does not matter whether it is a new or existing building that requires remodeling or an addition. We can take care drywalling from the ground up including in construction to do a professional job every time.
At Drywalling Boschfontein we have 25 years of drywalling experience and this has offered us the ability to learn and try new things with dry walling and that is why today we are the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.56386
Retrieved Text: Whether your project is short or long—blog or book—your writing will reflect you, your brand or your business. What impression do you want to give? Stylematters copyediting helps you perfect your written work.
Delivering a flawless message requires your written material to be eloquent and error-free. Copyediting is a crucial step in the writing process. Our editors polish your work to ensure grammatical, formatting and stylistic perfection—while maintaining your unique vision and voice.
If your work requires a particular style, rest assured that our editors are versed in a variety of common styles, including APA, Chicago, AMA and AP. We customize our copyediting to your needs.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.488527
Retrieved Text: Our rest is a command from God but it is a command for our good. And it is a command that requires deep trust in God for us to obey.
We must trust His leadership, His provision, and His strength. Rest requires trust in God.
Will we? Will we choose to trust and let that trust be shown through obedience? Will will trust and obey? Will we rest?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.4321165
Retrieved Text: My question is as follows, what if a child deliberately keeps their parents apart? What can their siblings do to help fix things with their parents? The child that split the parents, is keeping his mother away from the rest of his siblings and its making it hard for us to get the parents to unite.
This requires Ulema council intervention. Consult reliable non-biased pious Allaah fearing Ulema to aid/sort out the difficulties.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.410358
Retrieved Text: Security Memetics: i'm from the net, stupid, what kind of requirements are those?
i'm from the net, stupid, what kind of requirements are those?
well, i suppose jay-z doesn't realize that samsung will try to use him in exactly the same way or maybe he's in on it and doesn't understand the intelligence the rest of the world has. but whichever it is, the number of permissions this app requires is too damn high!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.242934
Retrieved Text: on Earth, your mass would have remained more or less the same: what relativists call ‘rest’ mass.
not (rest or invariant mass).
the variable known as Le Grand.
you from your position. But which of the constituents of inertia changed?
rest.’ Force requires acceleration and acceleration embodies velocity.
Relativists insinuate and would like you to think that velocity-free mass is equivalent to quantity of matter.
a TV already has velocity embodied in the gravitational acceleration of Earth.
Does this mean that there is no difference between rest and relativistic mass?
simply come down to weight at different gravitational potentials.
of the entire object increases. It can be no other. So which is it going to be?
component (or potential energy). Or perhaps we changed its relativistic or kinetic mass. Who knows?
definitions in effect today, we cannot say that the mass of the object did not change because, in fact, it did.
structure or composition of the test object.
particles created from the void or does the object just exert more pressure because it is moving faster?
you flattened in my shop!
moving mass than rest mass.
4. Quantum ‘predicts’ the existence of a unit of matter!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.218929
Retrieved Text: Beloved, God has a plan – a vey good plan, but it requires your daily, step-by-step obedience. You can trust Him – He will not forget you or leave you stranded. He will see you all the way through. Today determine to obey what you know to do – the rest will come – on time and with the strength you need. One step at a time.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.213216
Retrieved Text: I've been trying to identify what is the correct way to get data from Project Online for some time now (I just want to get data, not update it). I can find documentation on ProjectData and a lot of examples using it. But it requires permission edition on the Project Online configuration.
I Barely can find any example or documentation for the ProjectServer and its endpoints seem to have fewer options than ProjectData.
Which one should be used to GET info from the ProjectOnline and why?
It depends what You want to read. If You want project/task etc. You can easily go with ProjectData. If You need EnterpriseResources/CustomFields you may need to use ProjectServer.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged rest project-server api project-online or ask your own question.
How to use LINQPad with SharePoint 2013 REST service (/_api)?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.110327
Retrieved Text: My teenage son has had a rough patch lately – like many teens. Getting up for school requires Herculean commitment. Being civil, let alone kind, is almost impossible.
No surprises there, it’s all part of the journey.
This morning as I drove him to school, I asked him if he was going to let the morning’s bad start ruin the rest of his day.
“Nope” came hims typically verbose reply.
“Uh…. survive?” he answered, clearly thrown off his recalcitrant game.
“Interesting choice.” I said, and left it at that.
But I think it’s worth asking ourselves each day. As we prepare to meet the challenges inherent in the day of a typical IT pro, do we envision ourselves losing, surviving, or finding a way to win?
Sometimes it’s not important whether you actually win. Sometimes what matters – on day 463 of your job – what your plan is.
The rest is part of the journey.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.103956
Retrieved Text: My router does not let me disable DHCP! What can I do?
Some modems/routers from ISPs and some Apple devices make it really hard or impossible to turn off DHCP and/or DNS.
One alternative some of our users have found is to simply put a small/cheap router with NAT in between the modem and the rest of the network. That way you control what's inside via this router. The WAN side goes to the router/modem, and the rest of the network goes to what was before connected to the router.
A small downside is that port forwarding requires two forwards because there are two NATs. Now, if the router/modem has a setting for doing DMZ ... you can find what the WAN side port got for an IP (connect a laptop directly to the modem or the router), and hit the admin page, the status will tell you.
Once you know the IP of the WAN port _in the router_, not the modem, set that to DMZ in the modem.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.0657425
Retrieved Text: Swagger is very popular Rest API documentation tool, In this article, we will learn about how to the static header to all rest service which is called by swagger with the default value. We will also learn how to call secure API using Swagger in spring boot application. Most common way to secure API is basic authentication or secure using OAuth2 implementation.
With basic authentication we need to pass Authorization header with combination of username:password.
While working with OAuth2 we requires to pass Authorization header with bearer [token].
Some times we requires to request header to each and every API at that we requires to pass static header to each rest API call.
We have tried to archive authentication of secure API using passed Authorization header to every API with a default value. That default value considers as any user’s credential which allowed to access those API. Here is an example of how to implements swagger in spring application with step by step.
* Created by Lenovo on 14-05-2018.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.063284
Retrieved Text: Based in Bromley, we are a highly experienced furniture restoration company, specialising in French polishing. We know more than most how each piece of furniture is unique, and requires an individual polish most modern techniques fail to achieve. But rest assured, when we work on your piece, you will be offered a personalised service where we will work to the highest of standards at all times. We are able to offer this service throughout Kent and London.
So why should you choose John Huttlestone?
Our specialist French polishing services will create a deep colour and a high gloss finish on all types of furniture. There are both antique and modern finishes available depending on the what your furniture requires and what age it is. But neverthless, when you leave your piece in our hands, it will receive our dedicated care and attention to detail.
So what exactly can we French polish?
No job is too big or too small for us! No matter if you require one coffee table, or your entire bedroom suite French polished, we can complete the job not only efficiently, but also to the highest quality!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.060034
Retrieved Text: The company is affianced in offering a wide range of Document Lamination Machine that is available in different models and designs. Our Lamination Machine stands out of the rest due to its fast and effective workability. It requires low maintenance and can work under varying operating conditions with perfection. It delivers smooth and vibration free operation with low noise level. Leveraging on our extensive network, timely delivery of the order is what we furnish.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.051834
Retrieved Text: Passion With Purpose is an organization committed to creating a world that inspires, empowers, and encourages others to be passionately authentic and change the world doing what they love. Such an endeavor requires innovative solutions that incorporate the Passion With Purpose Model.
​As of now, Passion With Purpose is working on several projects and there are numerous ways to get involved. Visit the rest of the Projects tab and the Opportunities tab for more information.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.031282
Retrieved Text: * Fix some representational issues with FPSCR.
* Use host vector saturation for SQADD/UQADD.
This requires changing the internal representation of FPSR.QC.
* Fix a latent vector bug, noticed during the rest.
which will be in my next tcg pull.
>   * Fix some representational issues with FPSCR.
>   * Use host vector saturation for SQADD/UQADD.
>     This requires changing the internal representation of FPSR.QC.
>   * Fix a latent vector bug, noticed during the rest.
> which will be in my next tcg pull.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.948735
Retrieved Text: This section of the documentation has a slightly different tenor than the rest of the docs.
The purpose of the rest of the docs is to help you understand Gatsby. The purpose of this section to help you explain Gatsby to others.
Explaining Gatsby well to others, and helping convince them to use it (or to let you use it) is a different kind of problem than becoming a talented Gatsby developer.
It requires understanding what things those around you value, and helping them understand how Gatsby meets their needs, rather than simply how Gatsby meets yours.
Gatsby is a transformative technology, and teams using Gatsby have the chance to radically improve the way they design, develop, and deploy websites. As you help others around you understand how Gatsby meets their needs, you facilitate their growth.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.89011
Retrieved Text: What you see above is the carbon fiber frame that underpins the BMW i3. This lightweight material will allow the plug-in vehicle to set itself apart from the competition in a lot of ways (weight, most importantly, but also space and rigidity), but what we didn’t expect was that the newfangled bits will help keep repair and insurance costs down. It may sound counterintuitive, but that’s what Manuel Sattig, the communications manager for BMW i, told AutoblogGreen recently. It does make sense but, like so much else in this new, plug-in vehicle universe, it requires a new way of thinking.
There is a plan to bring carbon fiber to the rest of the BMW fleet.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.867505
Retrieved Text: Rest involves something we do, something we experience, and something God gives us. We must regularly cease from our work and become still before God. In this CD message by Gary DeVoe, you will discover that: *The God who called us to do work also called us to rest. *A Godly life involves rest. *Scripture calls both work and rest good. *Rest requires faith.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.844843
Retrieved Text: Sometimes the best workouts/race performances of your life can take you by complete surprise. What is it about today? What did I eat last night? Was it the weather?!
While there are a number of unplanned factors that can contribute to those peak performance days, there are a handful of controlled factors that are tried and true in setting the foundation for regular endurance success. As endurance athletes, we learn to “push through the pain” more often than many of our peers. This mindset can have many fortunate benefits for the outcome of our long-distance workouts and races. Unfortunately, this very same mindset can be detrimental to our long-term endurance success, often resulting in burn-out or injury.
As endurance athletes, we are hyper focused on optimizing the very last detail of our long-distance workout strategy. This can include investing in the ideal gear or planning the perfect hydration and fueling schedule to ensure our physiological needs are met every step of the way. The fact of the matter is, while all of these measures have impact on our performance, one of the most overlooked strategies of endurance athletes is what we’re doing when we’re NOT moving, aka: Planned rest and recovery. The truth is: preparation for and implementation of proper rest can ultimately have the greatest effect on our race and workout performance.
Point blank: quality sleep and recovery can be the secret sauce to a competitive advantage out on the course. So, how can we begin to put beneficial rest habits into place? Good news: there are many

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.822584
Retrieved Text: Thank you for your interest in Health Sense Dental. Whether your dental health needs care or you are looking for cosmetic dentistry solutions, we are here to help. Your suggestions are what keep our services a step above the rest.
We are conveniently located on the corner of Highway 7 and Highway 41 in Shorewood/Excelsior. If you need to make or reschedule an appointment or your request requires immediate attention, please call our office. We gladly accept new, emergency, and walk-in patients.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.7887745
Retrieved Text: VersaFrame Inc. operates brakes and shears at all of it's manufacturing locations across Western Canada. Each of our locations is capable of producing almost any kind of flashing your project requires in 10' lengths. The following pages include recommended and commonly used flashing for each of our profiles on typical 4/12 roof pitches. If you require custom flashing, simply provide us with your drawing and measurements and we'll take care of the rest. Standard and custom flashing is available in all gauges and colours which we carry.
Click on any of the links below for more information on our standard flashing offerings.
Don't see what you need in any of our Standard Trim guides?
Simply provide us a drawing and the required dimensions and we'll handle the rest. With our state of the art machinery, we can handle almost any custom trim requirements.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.776831
Retrieved Text: Note: This plugin requires the WP REST API (WP API) plugin.
For site owners who want the WP REST API served over SSL always and forever.
All HTTP requests to the WP REST API will be 301 redirected to their HTTPS equivalent.
“WP REST API Force SSL” is open source software. The following people have contributed to this plugin.
Translate “WP REST API Force SSL” into your language.
WP REST API v2 compatibility.
Indicate support for WordPress 4.5.
Harden security by using wp_safe_redirect().

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.74699
Retrieved Text: The future can be scary. The unknown of what will be can be enough reason to avoid thinking about it at all. Fear of the future can make us not want to finish things. Like why can’t I just stay in college for the rest of my life? But God knows that movement creates stability. He knows that to become who He has made us to be requires that we take steps into the future even when that step is uncertain, and here is the good news- God promises to meet us there!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.7449255
Retrieved Text: Losing weight is not easy. We share tips on how to exercise and what to eat.
There are a million diets, workout routines and cleanses that claim to help you lose weight fast and easy. However, losing weight naturally requires you to kick old bad habits to the curb and find new healthy habits you can sustain the rest of your life.
Here we discuss how to eat healthy and lose weight and the best exercises to lose weight.
Start your weight loss journey by following a few tips.

================



======= Instance Index 5654 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is energy used for?" and the following answer choices: 
- heating buildings
 - courtship
 - reversing time
 - Plants growth
 - Quality of life
 - to stay warm
 - destroying matter
 - teleportation

Now knowing that electricity sometimes is used for heating buildings and electrical energy is also energy, choose the best answer.

Target Text: heating buildings

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.344644
Retrieved Text: What do we make from substrates?
The process of converting substrates to energy is what?
What is 1kcal equal to?
What are the 3 types of substrates?
What are the 2 primary substrates used?
What 4 components make up substrates?
In short exercise, what substrates is mostly used?
In long exercise, what substrate is mostly used?
How many kcal/g is carbohydrates?
What is carbohydrates converted to?
What is the primary ATP substrate for the muscles and brain?
What is Glycogen converted back into _________ to make more ATP.
Where and what is extra glucose stored as?
Stored as glycogen in liver and muscles.
How many kcal/g is in fat?
What energy substrate is for prolonged, less intense exercise?
Which substrate has a high net ATP yield but slow ATP production?
What substrate must be broken down into free fatty acids (FFAs) and glycerol?
Why is carbohydrate replenishment so important?
How many kcal/g are in proteins?
Which energy substrate is used during starvation?
Protein is converted into FFAs through what process?
What substrate uses lipogenesis for conversion to FFAs?
Protein is converted into glucose through what process?
What substrate uses gluconeogenesis to convert into glucose?
Anaerobic, substrate level metabolism; 3-15 sec. max; Body breaks down PCr to make Creatine & Pi & energy; uses energy to synthesize ATP combine Pi and used ADP.
ATP-PCr is catalyzed by what enzyme?
Where is 99% of glucose found?
1 mole of glucose produces how many acetyl-CoA?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.139308
Retrieved Text: 1 1. What is renewable energy?
2 2. Why is renewable energy important?
3 3. Describe how each of the following sources is used as a renewable source of energy. Draw an illustration depicting the usage of at least 3 of these renewable sources of energy.
4 4. Individually or as a group, discuss some of the earliest forms of renewable energy. Are there energy forms that might have been used before sin? By Noah? By the patriarchs?
6 6. Discover the source of most reusable energy.
7 7. What are some commercial and industrial uses of renewable energy?
8 8. Why have many governments invested in renewable energy sources? Be able to cite at least two examples.
9 9. What are some of the issues facing the use of renewable energy? What are some of the advantages and potential disadvantages of moving away from fossil fuel energy sources to renewable energy?
10 10. Individually or as a group, build, not from a kit, a device to harness some form of renewable energy. These devices may include:a. Potato clockb. Solar or wind powered motorc. Hydropower liftd. Your choice.
11 11. Brainstorm a list of at least four Biblical texts/stories that illustrate the use of renewable energy.
11.1 Wind - to move ships through the waters.
11.2 In Job, Satan used a wind power for evil.
Renewable energy is energy whose origins are continually and naturally replenished without human intervention. Examples of renewable energy sources include sunlight, wind, and waves.
2. Why is renewable energy important?
As the demand for energy resources continues to climb, mankind is faced with the dilemma

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.121886
Retrieved Text: Nuclear energy is one of the powerful energy source. It is a traditional energy source used for generating electricity and many other purposes. This article is all about nuclear energy and how it is obtained. You will know what is nuclear energy and what are the methods of obtaining it.
Nuclear energy is one of the widely used energy sources. Nuclear energy is obtained by conversion of the nuclear mass into equivalent energy which is calculated by the formula E=m*c^2. Nuclear energy is obtained by the nuclear fusion or nuclear fission reaction. Nuclear energy is released by exothermic process.
It is the splitting of the nucleus of an atom into parts of free neutrons and other smaller nuclei. In fission process tremendous amount of energy is produced. Nuclear fission is used in the nuclear weapons. The amount of free energy contained in nuclear fuel is millions of times than that in similar mass of chemical fuel. The products of nuclear fission are radioactive and are harmful for living things.
In nuclear power station only one neutron is released and allowed to strike for splitting another nucleus, for controlling of the chain reaction purposes.Nuclear energy is produced by a controlled chain reaction and crates heat which is used to produce steam and drive steam turbines which are coupled to the generator.
Nuclear fusion occurs between two isotopes of a lighter elements which are forced together at extremely high temperature until they fuse to form a heavier nucleus releasing enormous energy. The deuterium - tritium fusion reaction is considered the most promising

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.082524
Retrieved Text: Activity 1 - Different types of food provide different amounts of energy.
Explain to the children that food and drinks (except water) provide energy for the body so that we can grow, be active and stay healthy. Food and drink are the ‘fuel’ for the body.
Different types of food and drink provide different amounts of energy. Use the Energy presentation to talk to the children about the energy provided by food and drinks and how it is used.
Ask the children to name the unit of measurement used when taking about energy provided by food. Explain we measure energy from food in kilojoules (kJ) or kilocalories (kcal), more commonly known as ‘calories’.
Note: Kilojoules is the metric measure for energy and is good to use in school for consistency with other metric units of measure used, e.g. cm, ml, g. Kilocalories (kcal), usually referred to as ‘calories’, is the imperial unit of measure for energy.
Show the children the Energy cards. Draw children’s attention to where the card states the energy provided by 100g of the food shown. It might be useful to demonstrate weighing out 100g for some of the food shown on the cards so the children can appreciate what 100g of different food looks like, e.g. lettuce, bread, spread.
Which food has the highest amount of energy?
Which food has the lowest amount of energy?
What other food might go at the highest or lowest energy end of the line?
Can you make a statement about the types of food at the lowest and highest end of the line?
Summarise that fruit

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.05054
Retrieved Text: Home composting or council food waste collection - what is more environment friendly?
Why should carnivores manure not be added to compost?
Can tissues used during a common cold be composted?
Where to buy unpackaged organic fruits & vegetables?
How to compare the amount of renewable energy supplied by energy suppliers?
Do any countries export electricity from renewable energy?
Does biomass help deliver negative emissions?
How are materials used for renewable energy disposed?
What are different materials used for packaging and their environmental credentials?
Is bubble wrap environmentally friendly?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.022443
Retrieved Text: Energy mapping helps organizations visually see the energy flow in the organization. It can be used to diagnose where energy is strong, and it also can be used to learn what is effectively improving energy or reducing energy.
Energy mapping can be easily deployed in any business, regardless of size. Energy mapping can be used to understand the hidden and informal network in any organization. In addition to mapping energy, it can be used to understand and identify innovation hubs, areas of behavioral excellence and centers of excellence. The knowledge obtained from energy mapping helps create learning that is shared with others in the organization.
Energy mapping is particularly useful before any organizational restructuring event. Learn where employees are going for innovation, energy, technical knowledge and more.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.003186
Retrieved Text: Power vs. Energy – What Is a Watt?
Before defining what a watt is, we should first determine power and energy.
P is power, E is energy and t is time.
In the International System of Units (SI), joule (J) is used as a derived unit for the measurement of energy and sec (s) is the base unit for the measurement of time. The derived unit defined as one joule per one second (1J /1s), is called watt (symbol [W]) and it was named after James Watt (1736-1819), a Scottish engineer. Watt is used for measuring power.
Kilowatts and megawatts are two of the most popular multiples of watt. But what is a kilowatt and what is a megawatt?
A kilowatt (kW) is equal to one thousand watts. It is mostly used to express the power consumption of engines, motors, heaters and the electromagnetic power of radio transmitters.
A megawatt (MW) is equal to one million watts or one thousand kilowatts. This scale is used for lightning, large commercial buildings, or large mechanical devices and constructions (carriers, submarines, etc).
Watt-hour is a unit measuring energy. When an electric motor consumes 1 watt in one hour, the energy consumed is 1 watt-hours. If the same motor consumes 1kW in one hour, the energy will be 1 kilowatt-hours (kW•h). A power plant may produce hundreds of megawatt-hours (MW•h) of energy.
Watts per hour (W/h) is different than watt-hours. The unit does not express energy but rather the rate of power (change of power) consumed or generated per hour. The multiple units of watts per hour (megawatt

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.923965
Retrieved Text: Energy Flow in the Life of a Cell. Energy Energy is the ability to do work, such as causing motion, or interaction between molecules. This is the idea.
EnergyEnergy is the ability to do work, such as causing motion, or interaction between molecules. This is the idea of energy used in your textbook.Energy is used in an everyday sense to mean alertness, strength, or vitality.
Potential energy is ______ energy.Examples: coiled spring, energy in chemical bonds.Kinetic energy is energy _____________________.Examples: car in motion, heat, light, electrical current.
Energy ConversionsgasCombustionby engine.100 unitschemical energy(concentrated)75 unitsheatenergy25 unitskinetic energy(motion)+All energy conversions involve a loss of energy, often as heat energy.
tertiary consumer(1 calorie)producer(1000 calories)primary consumer(100 calories)secondary consumer(10 calories)Top-level predators need huge territories. Use what you have just learned about energy conversion to explain this.
Endergonic reactionsenergyusedproductsreactantsEndergonic reactions _________ (and may _____) energy.
Inorganic mineral nutrients(nitrate, phosphate) areabsorbed from soil andused in plant tissues.Energy iscapturedfromsunlight.Oxygen isreleased.Sugar issynthesizedand used inplant tissues.planttissues,growthCarbon dioxideis absorbedfrom the air.Water is absorbedfrom soil, used inphotosynthesis, andstored in cells.photosynthesisPhotosynthesis is an example of an endergonic reaction. Explain why.
energyinputC6H12O6(glucose) O2(oxygen)6 CO2(carbondioxide)6 H2O(water)++_________ (such as plants) take in light energy and use it to bind _____, _______, and ______ into carbon-based compounds such as ______.Sugar is stored (potential) energy used by __________ to make ____ for their cells.
Exergonic ReactionsenergyreleasedproductsreactantsExergonic reactions _______ energy.
TERTIARY CONSUMER(4th trophic level)PRODUCER(1st trophic level)PRIMARY CONSUMER(2nd trophic level)SECONDARY CONSUMER(3rd trophic level)Metabolizing food (cellular respiration) is an example of an exergonic reaction. Explain why.
energyreleasedC6H12O6(glucose) O2(oxygen)6 CO2(carbondioxide)6 H2O(water)++Both ________ and __________ break down sugars and other carbon compounds to get usable _______ for their cells.All Eukaryotes

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.920075
Retrieved Text: 1. What is nuclear energy?
The energy released by the nuclear fission reaction is called nuclear energy.
2. What is nuclear fission reaction?
Simultaneous liberation of large amount of energy in the form of heat is known as nuclear fission reaction.
3. What is nuclear fusion reaction? Give one example.
The process of combination of two or more lighter nuclei into heavier nuclei, with simultaneous liberation of large amount of energy is known as nuclear fusion reaction.
4. Differentiate nuclear fission and fusion reaction.
Does not emit radioactive rays.
5. Define nuclear chain reaction.
It is a nuclear reaction, in which neutrons from a previous step propagate and repeat the reaction. It takes place only nuclear fission reaction.
6.What are fissile and fertile nucleides?
7. What are solar cells? Give one example./What is a photo galvanic cells?
It is a device, Converting solar energy directly into electrical energy.
8. What is solar energy conversion?
It is the process of conversion of direct sunlight into more useful forms.
9. What are the merits of wind energy?
a) Nonpolluting and sustainable energy source.b).The scope of wind energy is enormous. c). It is a renewable and sustainable energy source.
d). It is available in many offshore, onshore and remote areas.
It is a device, converted chemical energy into electrical energy. It is an arrangement of electrochemical cells connected in series,and it can be used as a source of direct electric current.
Breeder reactor is one which converts non-fissionable material into fissionable material.
12. What are non-conventional energy sources? Give two examples.
energy sources like gas or oil.
13. What is a fuel cell?
It is a device in which the chemical energy

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.890274
Retrieved Text: question_answer1) A solar water heater cannot be used to get hot water on (a) a sunny day. (b) a cloudy day. (c) a hot day. (d) a windy day.
question_answer4) Compare and contrast fossil fuels and the Sun as sources of energy.
question_answer5) Compare and contrast bio-mass and hydro-electricity as sources of energy.
question_answer7) On what basis would you classify energy sources as (a) renewable and nonrenewable? (b) exhaustible and inexhaustible? Are the options given in (a) and (b) the same?
question_answer8) What are the qualities of an ideal source of energy?
question_answer9) What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a solar cooker? Are there places where solar cookers would have limited utility?
question_answer10) What are the environmental consequences of the increasing demand for energy? What steps would you suggest to reduce energy consumption?
question_answer11) What is a good source of energy?
question_answer12) What is a good fuel?
question_answer13) If you could use any source of energy for heating your food, which one would you use and why?
question_answer14) What are the disadvantages of fossil fuels?
question_answer15) Why are we looking at alternate sources of energy?
question_answer16) How has the traditional use of wind and water energy been modified for our convenience?
question_answer17) What kind of mirror concave, convex or plane-would be best suited for use in a solar cooker? Why?
question_answer18) What are the limitations of energy that can be obtained from the oceans?
question_answer19) What is geothermal energy?
question_answer20) What are the advantages of nuclear energy?
question_answer21) Can any source of energy be pollution-free? Why or why not?
question_answer22) Hydrogen has been used as a rocket fuel. Would you consider it

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.80051
Retrieved Text: Homes use a lot of energy: in 2004 the domestic sector used 48.7 million tonnes of oil equivalent or 30% of all the UK’s energy use. Only transport used more. However, there is lots you can do to minimise the environmental impacts of the energy you use and the problems with conventional energy. The first thing to do is to avoid wasting energy by changing your habits and installing draught-proofing and insulation. Double-glazing is also worthwhile. With lighting and electrical equipment there are many ways of reducing the amount of electricity used. Then use the opportunity to choose your electricity supplier and go for greener electricity.
If you are installing a new heating system think carefully about what you need and what sort of fuel to use. Solar water heating can reduce hot water heating costs but requires some investment, as do photovoltaics and other renewable sources of energy. Specialist renewable energy suppliers can provide advice. Renewable energy is on the agenda right now because of concerns about energy security, fear of ever rising oil prices, the threat of climate change, needing lower energy bills. The government has strict European targets to meet on renewable energy generation, and is introducing a range of financial incentives to help it achieve them.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.688096
Retrieved Text: Healing Touch is a biofield therapy that is an energy-based approach to health and healing. It is a modern technique for healing based in ancient wisdom. In Healing Touch, the hands are used both on and off the body, including some light massage, to clear, energize, and balance the human energy flow. The goal of Healing Touch is to restore harmony and balance in the energy system placing the client in a position to self heal. Body, mind, emotion, and spirit are touched through this therapeutic process, and each individual is empowered to participate fully in his or her healing journey. Healing Touch complements conventional health care and is used in collaboration with other approaches to health and healing.
The human energy system is comprised of three major parts: The energy field (referred to as aura or biofield), the energy centers (chakras), and the energy tracts (meridians). The energy system is the essence of life and is often referred to as prana, soul, chi, ki, qi, life energy, universal force, or life force; most cultures around the world have a name for this energy. Common experiences of human energy include sensing a person’s presence when he can’t yet be seen, feelings of invaded personal space, knowing when a room or group of people feels good and uplifting or feels heavy and draining.
All healing is self healing. For example, a physician can set two bone fragments in place, but the body itself finally heals the split. The physician simply facilitates and directs the process. In the same way,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.6567545
Retrieved Text: At the end of every month, if you’re like a lot of homeowners, you look at your utility bills to see how much energy you have used over the course of the past month. In the winter and summer, the cost of heating and cooling your house will go up drastically. In order to calculate what your approximate monthly bill should be, you can keep track of the number of degree days that you are using within the current month.
A degree day is a unit of measurement developed to help track your energy costs. It measures the amount of energy used to heat or cool your home depending on the season. There is a formula used to determine the number of degree days used. You take the average temperature for the day (if the high is 95 and the low is 75, the average temperature would be 85 degrees) and then subtract 65, which represents a settled-upon number for an average home’s most comfortable temperature. Given that example, this leaves you with 20 cooling degree days for that particular day.
In the winter, the formula works similarly. Rather than subtracting 65 degrees from the day’s average temperature, you subtract the average from 65 to calculate the number of heating degree days. For example: if the high and low for a December day are 35 and 15 degrees, your average is 25 degrees. You then subtract 25 from 65 to find that your home used 40 heating degree days on that day.
When you make the commitment to tracking

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.576742
Retrieved Text: Energy comes in many forms. What are they, how do they differ and what can they be used for?
Energy is converted or transferred, but never lost.
Energy is measured in joules (j).
Kinetic, heat, sound, light, electrical, chemical, mechanical and potential are all types of energy.
Whenever anything happens there is an energy change.
Without energy, nothing would ever change... nothing would happen at all.
"5, 4, 3, 2, 1, fire..."
Energy gives objects the capacity to move or change condition – for example, change temperature, change shape, or change state.
And whenever anything happens, there is an energy change.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.559446
Retrieved Text: Matcha Ginseng combines two ancient herbs Matcha Green Tea, traditionally used in Japanese herbal medicine for alertness and energy. And the Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) Siberian Ginseng, traditionally used to increase vitality and energy.
WHAT IS BIOGLAN MATCHA GINSENG FOR?
Matcha was first traditionally used by Japanese Monks to help support energy and concentration. Siberian Ginseng has been used for over 2000 years in TCM to increase vitality and energy.
WHY SHOULD I TAKE BIOGLAN MATCHA GINSENG?
WHEN SHOULD I TAKE BIOGLAN MATCHA GINSENG?
Bioglan Matcha Ginseng is a unique formula of two ancient herbs traditionally used for energy and alertness and is a one a day dose. Perfect for when you need an energy boost.
Contains tree nuts, soya bean products and sulfites. Always read the label. Follow the directions for use.
Contains tree nuts, soya bean products and sulfites.
Adults: Take 1 tablet daily in the morning.
Bioglan Matcha Ginseng 50 Tablets is rated 4.0 out of 5 by 4.
Rated 5 out of 5 by sabri89 from Great Help I bought this product to go through my studies. It helps me!
Rated 5 out of 5 by Manly Boy from Great energy After a few weeks I feel more energetic and have more stamina. I feel better all round.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.504535
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Deck Help and Strategy' started by tc19930815, Jan 20, 2008.
To much energy for that little of pokmeon only 6 can be in play so 2 for 2 lucario, 3 for lv x, X for blissy and blissy grabbing nrg from discard you dont need that much remove some fighting energy.
NVR use energy search unless you hav used every trainer that is needed in the deck with 4 copies or it will just be as good as putting a nother energy into the deck.
The energy count is fine. Just don't run the fire energy and don't run FF. I used to run a 2 Color deck with a lucario in it and I found that running anything other than Fighting just makes it a pain to get Lucario set up for the Aura Sphere.
ok but what to take out???
i am playing FL-on.........so it is legal........i am thinking of getting the forth line of Blissey but what to -???
That's seriously why Blissey is so good in Japan.
Pretty sure its in RG too.
if your RG-on... wheres admin?
oh life herb is in FL......i am using it certainly, i have three of them, but what to take out???

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.496139
Retrieved Text: This week we will look at energy. As we did for food, we will start by looking at the problems of energy accounting, and setting a framework to allow us to carry out energy analyses across levels and scales. You will see why energy accounting is one of the most problematic aspects of sustainability, and through the example of the Energiewende we will explore how this affects policy.
Hi, welcome back to the course on the nexus and sustainability.
how to account energy when looking at the metabolic pattern of societies.
describe the component of the energy grammar.
are starting the different conversion of energy forms inside the society.
we could individuate three type of category of energy forms.
One are primary energy sources.
These are energy sources, they are not under human control.
You remember because of the first law of thermodynamic, we cannot make energy.
So energy is something, physical gradient that must be available to us.
So we can divide energy forms, primary energy processes like renewable.
control like wind, falling water, hydro, the radiation of solar.
Or we could have non-renewable sources.
nonconventional fossil energy, like gas or toxins.
Then we convert, we take advantage of to generate energy carriers.
This was called secondary energy, these energy forms are produced by humans.
And them they are under human control.
the way he wants but in general it could be useful to use electricity.
are used to generate process would be coal or gas.
Then we have a third categories of energy that refer to end users.
What do we do with energy and this.
happens is that from different types of primary sources

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.471085
Retrieved Text: Atomic energy as a potential force for destruction has not been controlled.
Then what would happen if we released the atomic energy in tons of matter?
Above all: think of the last great development, atomic energy.
After a long minute, Scanton said: "What about atomic energy?"
If atomic energy had not come in one year it would have come in another.
Shall we ever learn how to use the atomic energy that is locked up in matter?
He will emerge at the time when atomic energy is first being used.
What happens in these and many other processes provides him with information on the nature and behavior of atomic energy.
The geologist has a vital place in the field of atomic energy since he helps provide the raw materials for nuclear processes.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.469676
Retrieved Text: The dissipation tag has no usage guidance.
What happens with the energy released after a particles collision?
Where exactly does the drag force come from when using eddy currents?
I am learning EE, and about complex frequencies, but what is its physical meaning? What is it used for? Why is it? And only happen in the laplace transform?
what are the sources of energy loss for a ball rolling down slope?
What is the difference between Non-Conservative and Dissipative?
We often hear these terms. However, they are often confused to be synonyms, but they are not. What are the rigorous definitions of them?
When things move, potential energy turns into Kinetic energy, right? Then how does Kinetic energy convert to thermal energy?
Why friction causes energy to be lost in terms of heat when it appears to be an energy transfer mechanicsm?
Are there any time-periodic solutions to Einstein's equations apart from black holes?
Why do energy transfers always result some heat loss?
explain that energy transfers and transformations in mechanical systems always result in some heat loss to the environment. Like why is it necessary for a heat loss?
How is the simple damper equation derived?
How much energy is wasted by a noisy refrigerator?
Does potential energy exist because conservative forces exist? Can a system of objects that interact with dissipative forces have potential energy?
Is there an intuitive reason the resistance that maximizes power dissipation in this simple circuit has a simple form?
If the molecular collisions are elastic will there be any dissipation in a fluid?
Is the violation of time-reversal always associated with the violation of time-translation and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.459832
Retrieved Text: The term biomass refers to organic matter such as plants, residue from agriculture and forestry, the organic component of municipal and industrial wastes, and animal waste. Some types of biomass can be burnt or decomposed to produce energy. A good example of this is the burning of wood; for thousands of years it has been used to provide heat.
Biomass is a renewable energy source because plants can re-grow over a relatively short time for use as an energy source. By the process of photosynthesis, chlorophyll in plants captures the sun's energy by converting carbon dioxide from the air and water from the ground into carbohydrates (complex compounds composed of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen). When these carbohydrates are burnt, they give off carbon dioxide and water, and release the energy they captured from the sun. Biomass is, therefore, a form of solar energy since it receives its original energy from the sun by photosynthesis.
Unlike fossil fuels, such as coal, oil or natural gas, the carbon emissions from biomass become part of a carbon cycle. Biomass carbon emissions are taken up or recycled by subsequent plant growth within a relatively short time, resulting in low net carbon emissions. This is because, through photosynthesis, plants absorb roughly the same amount of carbon dioxide (CO2) as is given off through the burning of them. On the other hand, the burning of fossil fuels add new and additional carbon to the atmosphere.
A very common source of biomass energy is wood. For thousands of years it has been burnt to produce heat,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.441873
Retrieved Text: Where does the energy from food originally come from?
What is a difference between autotrophs and heterotrophs?
What is one of the principal chemical compounds that cells use to store energy?
When a cell has energy available, how can it store small amounts of that energy?
They can add a phosphate group to an ADP to make ATP, also adding electrons and a Hydrogen ion to NADP+ to make NADPH.
How is ATP different from ADP?
ATP has 3 phosphate groups while ADP has 2.
When is the energy stored in ATP released?
What are the characteristics of ATP that makes it exceptionally useful to all types of cells?
Where do cells get their energy from ATP?
In addition to water and carbon dioxide, what do plants need to preform photosynthesis?
What is another pigment which can be used to power photosynthesis other than chlorophyll?
What colors do pigments absorb very well?
What happens when chlorophyll absorbs light?
What is a carrier molecule?
They transport high-energy electrons from chlorophyll to other molecules.
How does NADP+ become NADPH?
They accept and hold two energy electrons along with an H+ ion.
What happens in the light- dependent reactions?
Step 1 of LDR: What happens in the Photosystem II in light dependent reaction?
Step 2 of LDR: What happens in the electron transport chain?
Step 3 of LDR: What happens in photosystem I?
Electrons released by photosystem II are re-energized in photosystem I to become high energy electrons again. Enzymes in the membrane uses these electrons to form NADPH. NADPH is used to make sugar in the Calvin cycle (Light independent reactions).
What causes the increase of hydrogen ions in the thylakoid

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.440163
Retrieved Text: Mr DT: Learn about renewable energy sources; including; solar, biomass, hydropower, wind, etc.
Renewable energy sources are those energy sources which are not destroyed when their energy is harnessed. Fossil fuels are not renewable energy sources because they cannot be easily replaced. Renewable energy requires technologies that harness natural phenomena, such as sunlight, wind, waves, water flow and geothermal heat.
Solar power is energy from the sun this comes in the form of sunlight. Solar energy (energy from the sun) can be captured by solar panels. There are two types of solar panels these use different technology to harness the energy from the sun.
• The first is Solar Water Heating collectors: These panels absorb energy from sunlight and transfer it to heat up water for showers, radiators, etc.
• The second is Photovoltaic or solar electric panels: These panels transform the sunlight directly into electricity.
Solar panels should be roof mounted and not obscured so they can collect the most amount of energy from the sun. Solar power cells are still relatively expensive to manufacture.
Biomass is a collective term for all plant and animal material. A number of different forms of biomass can be burned or digested to produce energy. Examples include wood, straw, poultry litter. Some tips burn waste plant material and use it to generate electricity. Biomass is a very versatile material and can be used to produce heat (for space and water heating), electricity and a combination of heat and power (electricity). The UK has some of the largest examples of the use of Biomass to generate

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.4349785
Retrieved Text: Home » Solar Energy » What is photovoltaic energy?
Photovoltaic energy is the energy that is derived from solar energy. The solar cells that are installed in the solar panels absorb the photon from the sunlight directly. They convert the photon energy into electricity by the photoelectric effect. The photoelectric energy is converted into solar energy using semiconductor materials such as silicon etc. the solar panels that are installed for harnessing the sunlight consists of solar cells. These solar cells consist of photovoltaic material and the materials used for generating photovoltaic energy include the polycrystalline silicon, amorphous silicon, copper indium gallium, monocrystalline silicon, and sulfide. The photovoltaic energy that is generated from the semiconductor materials is renewable in nature.
In other words, photovoltaic energy is a kind of inexhaustible energy. The solar energy is converted into electricity by the reaction of the electrons. The electrons are released when the solar cells are joined to each other to form a chain and hence electricity is produced. The electricity that is produced is used for various applications such as lighting, electricity, heating and many other purposes. This energy can be created during the daytime and stored in a battery. A solar battery is used for storing the energy that is harnessed during the daytime.
Today people are utilizing the solar energy to a greater extent because it is inexhaustible in nature and the solar cells that are used for generating the electricity never get damaged and hence they need not be replaced for lifetime. But if you are using an ordinary

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.425341
Retrieved Text: The 10% rule refers to the amount of energy available to the next trophic level.
When a consumer eats a plant, it gains energy from the plant. That energy is used for growth, reproduction, and other biological processes. Some of that energy is also lost through heat loss. Thus, when a predator eats that consumer, all of the energy the consumer gained from the plant is not available to the predator: it has been used and lost.
As we move up an energy pyramid or a trophic level, we can see that less and less of the original energy from the sun is available. Roughly ten percent of the previous trophic level's energy is available to the level immediately higher up. This is called the 10% Rule.
What happens to the energy at each level as you move up the food pyramid?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.404833
Retrieved Text: Dinero the Frog learns to Save Energy is a fun and educational video about energy conservation. Poppi the Frog teaches Dinero about energy, where it comes from, how it is used, and what we can do to conserve energy and reduce pollution.
Help Dinero Save Energy is a fun short educational video about energy conservation. Help Dinero identify what electronic devices you can turn off to conserve energy when you are not using them.
CAN YOU HELP DINERO POINT OUT HOW HE CAN CONSERVE ENERGY? Click on the house to open an interactive window. Move your mouse over the picture of Dinero’s home to learn more.
Dinero the Frog Learns to Save Energy is a fun and educational book about energy conservation. Poppi the Frog teaches Dinero about energy, where it comes from, how it is used, and what we can do to conserve energy and reduce pollution. Contact us at lcolonees@gmail.com for bulk discount pricing or to setup a presentation at your school.
The Save Energy Save Dinero challenge sparks interest in students and engages them through educational live entertainment and take home educational tools. The combination of live character based learning and the take home message provided in book “Dinero The Frog Learns to Save Energy” allows the children to literally bring the message of energy conservation home.
Providing simple information on energy conservation to children and families empowers families to make an immediate difference. “Dinero The Frog Learns to Save Energy” teaches responsibility through education and action. It brings the power of knowledge to the hands of the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.399354
Retrieved Text: I’ve decided to just blog lol. Some blogs will be short and sweet like the one you’re about to read and some will be long and drawn out and need more explanation.
I move into this New Year with a knowing that this will be my year to heal completely my body, my mind, and my spirit. I am putting it all together today, and tomorrow and all year long. I started at the end of last year to live and thrive from a place of intuitive living. What that means to me is that I am living 90% in my present moments, in the here and the right now listening to what my spirit is directing me to do or not do, learning the art of discernment. And oh my god it is a lot of fun and is very exciting to witness my feelings, my thoughts, and my actions. The end of last year was a bit rocky, to say the least with a peri-menopausal bleed that lasted 5 weeks. A literal energy bleed lol! That event in and of itself made me dive deep into trusting myself and my body to know what it needed, to ask questions and be patient waiting for the answers and to trust Dr. Doris.
What is an energy bleed? I define it as anything you send or expend energy on that is not in your highest good. So take a look at yourself, metaphorically and see where you are bleeding out energy that could be better used for strengthing,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.376928
Retrieved Text: You Are Here : Home » Learn » New World » Gifographic » What is Photosynthesis?
All organisms need energy to survive, sustain, and grow. That much we already know. We get this energy by consuming food. Thus, food is the primary source of energy for us. When we (humans) are hungry, we make food, using vegetables, meat, dairy products and so on. When animals are hungry, they eat plants (if they’re herbivores) or other animals (if they’re carnivores). So what’s food for plants? They must need some form of energy to survive, sustain and grow, right?
How Plants make Food and Energy?
Well, the answer is photosynthesis. The word can be split into two terms “photos”, meaning “light”, and “synthesis”, meaning “putting together”. So light is used to create something (energy for plants). Think of it as the procedure plants follow to make their food. In a nutshell, photosynthesis is a process in which the energy from the sun is used to produce glucose from carbon dioxide and water. This glucose is then used up as energy by the plant, and in doing so, oxygen is released as a byproduct.
Plants absorb energy from the sun, with the help of a pigment called “chlorophyll”, which is present in their leaves. This is also the pigment that gives leaves its green color.
Plants absorb water and other minerals from the soil with the help of their roots.
Plants also absorb CO2 from the air, with the help of “stomata”, which are pores in the leaves.
All these ingredients are taken to the leaves,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.375118
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Herb Lovers Club!
Home / Welcome to the Herb Lovers Club!
Healing Yourself will use the information you provided when signing up to keep in touch with you and to provide updates, emails, newsletters, giveaways and marketing.
Are Herbs Safe to Use?
Yes! Herbs are plants which benefit the body. With few exceptions herbs can be used at any time. Talk to a certified herbalist, such as myself, for details. Herbs can be used for flavor, for cleansing and for healing.
Energy is in everything. When our body’s energy systems are healthy and aligned it helps the body to function properly and to more easily heal itself (whether physically, emotionally, mentally, and so forth). Energy healing taps into the body’s energy systems to clear, balance, align, and facilitate healing on an energetic level. This translates to physical and emotional well-being in a person.
It has various names, but the principle is the same. Muscle testing is a bio-feedback tool (feedback from the body), which helps a person to know what is happening with the body and the energy systems of the body. Rather than using machines and sensors, muscle testing uses weak or strong responses from muscles of the body to show what is happening within the energy systems of the body (and the physical counterparts to those energy systems, such as organs, tissues, emotions, stressors, etc). Energy is in everything. The meridians in the body are electromagnetic. Muscle testing utilizes the energy systems of the body to show on a physical level what is happening on the energetic

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.372053
Retrieved Text: 3. Use of the Word "Energy"
"Energy" is a word with a precise meaning, at least when used in a scientific context, but this was not always so.
Thomas Young (1773-1829) first used "energy" in the modern scientific sense in 1807 to denote what we now call kinetic energy. Young was a pioneer of the physics of light (he also deciphered Egyptian hieroglyphics using the Rosetta stone). Young did not coin the word; he merely adopted a term with a long history in the English language. Starting in the 1580s writers used "energy" to describe a vigorous use of speech or writing. It was borrowed from the Latin and Greek words for "activity."
Over the years, everyday use of the word "energy" came to mean any exercise of power or activity, whether of body, language, or thought. After 1807, when scientists adopted the term "energy," new discoveries called for new terms. The phrase "potential energy" first appeared in the 1850s, followed by "mechanical," "chemical," "electrical," and finally "atomic" energy.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.352172
Retrieved Text: Wind energy has been around for centuries. It is believed that as early as 200 B.C., China used windmills to transport water and make grain (Solar Guide, n.d.).
Why Renewable Energy Sources? Homer Research Paper Why renewable power sources are better than nuclear power? Nuclear power is the most productive power source.
Renewable Energy Sources research papers delve into the energy sources used to replace conventional fuels to cut down on carbon emissions that affect the earth's climate.
Publications. The NREL wind research program develops publications about its projects, accomplishments, and goals in wind energy technologies.
View Hybrid Power from solar and wind energy Research Papers on Academia.edu for free.
What can be the research topic in renewable energy, fuel cell, wind energy, I have been studying some research papers and i have developed some ideas.
© Best essays Essay writing | Essay examples Wind energy research paper.

================



======= Instance Index 4945 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What can kill?" and the following answer choices: 
- thoughts
 - Tobacco smoke
 - satisfaction
 - Electric devices
 - flow of electrons
 - taxes
 - animals
 - heat produced

Now knowing that lung cancer is most often caused by exposure to tobacco smoke and lung cancer continues to kill, despite modern therapies, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Tobacco smoke

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.47025
Retrieved Text: killing bed bugs with salt use baking soda to kill bedbugs from your entire home water.
killing bed bugs with salt does ammonia kill bug can beautiful will not traps.
killing bed bugs with salt file in this march photo a bug kill not traps.
killing bed bugs with salt best things to kill what kills steam not traps.
killing bed bugs with salt does vinegar kill how to what kills fast will water.
killing bed bugs with salt best steamer for steamers that kill bedroom designs water.
killing bed bugs with salt what chemical kills borax baking soda water.
killing bed bugs with salt can kill does alcohol or how to get.
killing bed bugs with salt does kill get rid of in couch best how to.
killing bed bugs with salt beautiful how can i see table kill not traps.
killing bed bugs with salt does acid kill table.
killing bed bugs with salt kills bug laundry detergent that what spray water.
killing bed bugs with salt table.
killing bed bugs with salt does kill.
killing bed bugs with salt will acid kill water.
killing bed bugs with salt home remedies for beautiful on natural to treat kill.
killing bed bugs with salt image titled get rid of step kill.
killing bed bugs with salt does bleach kill the answer might surprise you pest will.
killing bed bugs with salt kill not traps.
killing bed bugs with salt how to get rid of signs treatment and what bites look like kill not traps.
killing bed bugs with salt kill.
killing bed bugs with salt does kill bug laundry detergent kit patrol products soap that kills

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.102127
Retrieved Text: What is the purpose of the -9 option in the kill command?
Here's what another man page says.
The command kill sends the specified signal to the specified process or process group. If no signal is specified, the TERM signal is sent. The TERM signal will kill processes which do not catch this signal. For other processes, it may be necessary to use the KILL (9) signal, since this signal cannot be caught.
Therefore, using the -9 switch ensures that the process is effectively killed. Even though a frozen or unresponsive process may not respond to a simple TERM signal, it will die when sent a KILL signal.
Of course we can only kill processes we own, whereas root can kill all processes. See Wikipedia for a nice summary of computing signals.
Signals kill can send are listed in the manpage. The signal can be represented by name or by number. If no signal is given the default signal 15 resp. TERM is used.
TERM: an application will be able to terminate, i.e. properly run a shutdown routine.
KILL: the applications is stopped and killed immediately (which could lead to data loss or raising apport to report a presumed crash in some cases).
It's worth pointing out that in the world of signal handling, SIGKILL is one of the few unique ones that is handled by the operating system not the program. When you run kill -9, you're not telling the application to terminate itself, instead you're telling the OS to stop running the program, no matter what the program is doing.
After SIGKILL is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.961161
Retrieved Text: The ghosts tag has no usage guidance.
What do Hindu scriptures say about Doppelgängers?
What is the difference between Preta (Ghost) and Bhuta (Spirit)?
Can ghosts kill human according to hindu beliefs?
I saw this question. But as we saw in films ghosts can move chairs, beat & kill human, they don't have legs.... Can ghosts kill human?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.912618
Retrieved Text: kill pid (which sends signal 15 (SIGTERM)) tells pid to terminate, but said program can execute some code first or even ignore the signal. kill -9 pid, on the other hand, forces the program to immediately terminate (it cannot be ignored).
You should always try kill pid first, as it allows the program to do things like saving/closing open files before exiting. Only use kill -9 when you need the program to close and it won't respond to a simple kill pid.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged command-line kill or ask your own question.
What is the difference between using System Monitor and Terminal to kill a process?
Oneliner command to use kill given tcp port number instead of PID?
Is there any reason to use 'kill' instead of 'killall'/'pkill'?
What does the “<>” mean in “kill -9 <>”?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.862036
Retrieved Text: why some gods are feared when i came to know what he said like kill ahmed to his genies then immediately he changed his mind and said dont kill ahmed ? it it because others will come to know truth and they will take revenge from god or if he doesnt changes his sentence will time be changed or what ? if he is god why he is feared to say in front of me that he wants to kill me to his genies I will battle to live with him and he is god so he can try to win from me by not cheating and hiding truth that he wants to kill me. What is the secret that god hides with others that he is killing others. When he is god for his people then he can kill according to law of genies.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.837285
Retrieved Text: Topic: Any body build a good kill team?
Re: Any body build a good kill team?
AWESOME SAUSE!!!! I never thought of that!!!!
Damn.... In the new version of Kill Team you cannot take torrent.... They gave severely reduced the number of specialities.
Topic: Anybody kill a good kill team list?
Re: Anybody kill a good kill team list?
What about 10 death marks? They all being individual units can target 10 enemy units for a 2+ wound with 6's being rending.
Anybody kill a good kill team list?
Any body build a good kill team?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.735025
Retrieved Text: This thread can be deleted now. This thread can be deleted now.
-Make sure what alien you have to kill (small blue aliens and blue aliens are different).
-At the beginning, you must keep yourself with food to evolve. The answer to the question is: -Make sure what alien you have to kill (small blue aliens and blue aliens are different). -At the beginning, you must keep yourself with food to evolve.
isnt this the notrium area? isnt this the notrium area?
Thanks for the move, didn't notice that I could reply to that one.
I know that I'm killing the right type of alien (and lots of them. How many must I kill?)... Am I supposed to not kill them before I get to the "kill small blue aliens" phase? Or am I not supposed to kill other things during that stage? Thanks for the move, didn't notice that I could reply to that one. I know that I'm killing the right type of alien (and lots of them. How many must I kill?)... Am I supposed to not kill them before I get to the "kill small blue aliens" phase? Or am I not supposed to kill other things during that stage?
I never played as alien, but Im pretty sure you shouldnt kill too much of the other aliens than those youre supposed to kill so you wont run out of them before you can gain evo from them. I never played as alien, but Im pretty sure you shouldnt kill too much of the other aliens than those

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.659383
Retrieved Text: The Vacation Rentals listed below are represented by Professional Property Management Companies who know the Kill Devil Hills area and have access to several properties.
Our April 2019 property listings offer a selection of 14 vacation rentals near Kill Devil Hills. Find a unique house rental for you to enjoy a memorable stay with your family and friends. The best places to stay near Kill Devil Hills for a holiday or a weekend are on Find Rentals.
Where are the best places to stay in Kill Devil Hills?
For nearby neighborhoods, please use our search to access the selection of vacation rentals available in and around Kill Devil Hills.
What are some fun things to do in Kill Devil Hills?
There are many other points of interest around Kill Devil Hills listed on Find Rentals where you can find a great place to stay. Try out the search to find a large selection of vacation rentals available near the city or region you're traveling to.
Which vacation rental managers have properties for rent in Kill Devil Hills North Carolina?
Can I rent fishing rentals in Kill Devil Hills?
How can I find a vacation rental manager in Kill Devil Hills?
We found 3 Vacation Rental Managers in Kill Devil Hills.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.626337
Retrieved Text: I kill you because I tl;dr-ed this thread.
I kill you because WHAT'S REAL GOOD?
I killed you because I can. And because I made my own pie. And it was delicious.
I kill you for YUKIMURA!!!!
I kill you because all I have is a tofu breakfast burrito. And no sour cream!!
I kill you because you don't know what a tofu breakfast burrito is. Google it damn it.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.590017
Retrieved Text: and Control for Mental Problems and Illegal Drugs, told VICE Indonesia. There's the shame of having a family member kill themselves, explains with depression can find the help they need remains small, experts say. own suicide prevention hotline called Jangan Bunuh Diri!, or Don't Kill Yourself!. These four drug combos can easily cause an overdose or even death. Believe it or not, this cocktail's so lethal it can kill you instantly, no matter your tolerance. Overdoses of heroin kill more people than any other single drug on the market. But what can kill you quickly is a combination of nicotine patches or gum, and.
How Does Heroin Kill You: The Science of a Heroin Overdose from six states failed to indicate the specific drug involved in overdose deaths. But, there are actions that you can take to prevent heroin overdose deaths. The danger of overdosing on common medicines is all too real — and still comes with the same deadly side effects as illegal drugs do. can kill. But did you ever wonder HOW drugs kill? Smoking cigarettes can kill by causing lung cancer, but it cannot lead to a nicotine overdose. However.
Drug overdoses can be accidental or intentional. Therefore, if you suspect an overdose in one child while other children are around, those. While cocaine use can kill you, there are several things to take into . While there are no “cures” for cocaine overdose, drugs such as. Here's how an overdose shuts down your body. By Laura Sanders. hand falling in slow motion dropping a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.5324955
Retrieved Text: I wonder why Kael's Vial Remnant doesn't give this achievement too. You could have killed Kael'thas without getting any loot but not Lady Vashj yet.
Kael will not spawn until the other three bosses are dead. First kill Al'ar twice because Al'ar is a phoenix and rises from the dead the first time. You must kill his minions first, before Al'ar can be killed. Then kill the High Astromancer Solarian. Then kill Void Reaver. Only now after these three are dead can you kill Kaelthas Sunstrider. This fight is complex, and you need to go look at what it takes.
Vaincre Kael'thas Haut-Soleil au donjon de la Tempête.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.527714
Retrieved Text: Bjorn: Well if you make a deal with Ivar, then you will have to kill me.
Harald: I know. And if you do not want me to make a deal with Ivar, then maybe you will have to kill me, Bjorn Ironside.
Vikings Season 5 Episode 19: "What Happens in the Cave"
Lagertha: Yes, I'm alive. As you can see, it is difficult to kill me.
Permalink: Yes, I'm alive. As you can see, it is difficult to kill me.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.523216
Retrieved Text: We see governments especially Pakistani, Indian and Bangladesh killing stray dogs as a campaign to keep the city clean but what does Islam say about it.
I was scrolling through my social media and came across a picture in which a government official twitter posted their stray dogs campaign and a large number of stray dogs were brutally killed. It shook my heart and decided to research what Islam says about it.
Recently, a campaign was focusing people killing cats, which was later linked as a criminal act. But what about killing these innocent dogs ? and what Islam has to add to it ?
Sheikh Abd al-Aziz ibn Baz was asked this question and he answered it as “NO”. He said that you can not kill a Dog, because it is harmless. It is not bringing you any trouble, it is wandering on the street and not harming you in any way so it is Haram to kill an innocent living thing.
Sheikh Abd al-Aziz ibn Baz also gave a fatwa which ensures that you are not allowed to kill a stray dog just because it is barking. The only reason you can kill a dog is when he has gone mad (Rabid) and is harming other people such as Kids etc.
Even Prophet Muhammad PBUH restricted Muslims to kill any dog, unless he harmed a number of people on regular basis.
Just killing Dogs won’t solve your problem. Many governments give excuses that the stray Dogs are growing very fast, but instead of killing these innocent souls they should make

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.490646
Retrieved Text: Eat plenty of fruits and vegetables. Don’t eat sugar, though. Kiwi has lots of fiber, which is good, but it also has lots of sugar, which is bad…I think. I read this in an article.
Watch out for avocados; they are high in fat….but good fat. Fat is good, except it will kill you. There was an article about it.
Eating fat will give you high cholesterol, which will kill you…except now they say cholesterol doesn’t kill you, I think. Maybe it’s just the bad cholesterol. The other cholesterol is good…I’m pretty sure. Or maybe it’s the inflammation. So, stay away from inflammation. There have been articles published about it.
Can we eat corn? I read that we should…and shouldn’t. Corn is still a vegetable, I’m almost positive, and vegetables are part of the food pyramid. However, I’m not sure there is still a food pyramid. I think that I read that the food pyramid will kill you. There was an article about it.
It seems like I heard that we can’t digest corn. I can’t remember. Maybe cows can’t eat corn, or they shouldn’t…or maybe we shouldn’t eat cows that eat corn. We should eat grass-fed cows, except for we shouldn’t eat red meat. Red meat will kill you. It gives you heart attacks, except for maybe it doesn’t. There was an article about it.
What about eggs? Can we eat eggs? I know that eggs are good for protein, but what if they came from a chicken that ate corn. I can’t remember if chickens eating corn is as

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.484292
Retrieved Text: Road Kill is a classic suspense novel, Chicago Style. Just when you think you can predict the next turn, it takes a new twist. Road Kill is true page-turner.
Road Kill is a classic suspense novel, Chicago Style. Just when you think you can predict the next turn, it takes a new twist. Road Kill is true page-turner. Frank tells a story of intrigue from the seat of his Freightliner. The characters cross paths and meet from time to time, in the great Midwest heartland of America. Offering shelter to a wayward soul turns into a run-for-your-life journey. Had he known what lie in store on the road ahead, he would still have made the same choice. It would be the only decision he could make - what his heart and mind demanded.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.430101
Retrieved Text: So that means we all can leave one comment like that? How about 1 comment doubled in the same post? Or what if we break up the comment in two posts so that its not a comment "like that"? Or what if we get someone else to write the comment for us? What if we make a comment like this on a different thread? How many times can i get away with a comment like this before u find and kill me? What if u write a comment like this? Do we get to kill you? Am i getting annoying? Can a comment like this be reworded so it is a comment like this? What do u mean by comment like this? Is he the only one affected by the term comment like this? How are you gonna kill us? Are you even reading these? Is this gonna be one big chain o answers? I like this game do u? does this count as a comment like this? Did i ask that one twice? Can i ask it twice? Does this count as a comment like this? Now is it twice? Or is it three now? Did you lose count? Am i confusing you? How many types o comments fall under comments like this? Can u kill magna for me just for fun? Did u expect this kind of response? Am i gonna die?
Why is GA2 down? I need my top 50 FFA!!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.393577
Retrieved Text: are you a halo freak?
halo is a great game, but it can be a little over addictive. theres nothing wrong with videogames buts theres also nothing wrong with life. here an idea of a way to spend your time.
In the last level of halo 3, there is a structure, what other level is this structure on?
trick question! its never been seen before!
what does ODST stand for?
In the end of halo 3, does the Master Chief die?
He cant die! hes the chief!
duh. havent you beat the game?
well thanks for spoiling it for me!
In Which game and level does cortana die?
who the hell is cortana?
theres more that one halo?
what the hell are 'the rings'?
how do you kill the scarab in halo 2?
why would you have to kill a bug?
how do you kill the scarabs in halo3?
shoot its legs till it falls over, board it, then find and destroy the power-core.
again, why kill a bug?
theres more that one scarab?
in halo 3, what is the chiefs armor?
you can get a katana? cool!
Quiz topic: Am I a halo freak?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.37253
Retrieved Text: We are Animal Lovers, Advocates, Athletes and Teammates.
TEAM PAWS Chicago is a charity racing and fundraising team benefiting PAWS CHICAGO, the Midwest's largest No Kill humane animal shelter. With TEAM PAWS Chicago's support, since PAWS’ founding in 1997, the number of homeless dogs and cats killed annually in Chicago has dropped by more than 87 percent.
What Your Donation Can Do -- See how much it costs PAWS Chicago for supplies, treatments, medical care and more.
2017 By The Numbers -- View how many adoptions, services, fosters, etc. PAWS Chicago did in 2017. On this page you can also find a useful PDF to download and print highlighting some of our biggest numbers!
Our Work -- This page on our website reviews all the work we do such as adoption, spay/neuter, community outreach and more.
How to Help -- Learn more about how to donate, volunteer, foster and more.
No Kill Mission -- What does it mean to be No Kill and what is our No Kill Model? Click here to find out.
About Us -- Discover our history, mission, results, leadership and more on this page.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.368186
Retrieved Text: kill bed bugs with salt does ammonia bug can beautiful will killing water.
kill bed bugs with salt borax for vs acid ant killer does the answer is killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt have you discovered in your home or bites from a treatment by professional pest control company exterminator may not be killing wit.
kill bed bugs with salt does get rid of in couch best how to.
kill bed bugs with salt get.
kill bed bugs with salt bug a many people have neglected to factor the possibility of using as projectile battle killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt kills how i fought bedbugs and won does do killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt will acid killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt does will vinegar how to get rid of killing water.
kill bed bugs with salt mattress and base cover killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt can does hydrogen peroxide detox bath oz killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt home remedies for beautiful on natural to treat killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt spray the areas where will scatter to when you them directly vinegar killing water.
kill bed bugs with salt can how to get rid inspiration of bug killer killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt angry bug.
kill bed bugs with salt vinegar kills bedbugs but does not eggs it also needs to be reapplied.
kill bed bugs with salt how many in an egg long do live eggs not traps.
kill bed bugs with salt the difference between bug introductions and infestations.
kill bed bugs with salt does vinegar

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.357999
Retrieved Text: Question about freezing things to kill nasties?
So does freezing them have the same effect???
Replied by robert (robert carter) on topic Question about freezing things to kill nasties?
Replied by igmillichip (ian millichip) on topic Question about freezing things to kill nasties?
Irish Tropical Fish Society (ITFS) Member.
Replied by gunnered72 (Eddy Gunnered) on topic Question about freezing things to kill nasties?
Ich and for example Ian....What happens to ick when you freeze it?
I've not tried freezing as a method to rid things of Ich, but I understand that cryopreservation of Ich for research purposes has proven a bit more tricky than some other species to get the parasites to survive on thawing.
For Ich, isolation from a host for a good quarantine period and medication are what I would use.
Many organisms can go into statis when frozen but will re-animate when thawed................so freezing is not the best method to kill off nasties as a general tactic.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.2896385
Retrieved Text: It’s that time of year where all our turfgrasses begin to stretch, yawn, and wake back up.
Unfortunately, there is still a risk of some areas of turf not waking up.
In lieu of the winter we’ve had this year in the Knoxville area, winter kill is a lingering possibility. There’s no real standard of winter kill diagnosis other than the fact that the turf does not green up come spring. But what actually happened?
“Winter kill” is a general term that is used to define turf loss during the winter. Winter kill can be caused by a combination of factors including crown hydration, desiccation, low temperatures, ice sheets and snow mold. Because of the unpredictability of environmental factors and differences in other factors such as surface drainage, the occurrence of winter kill on turf is variable and can vary greatly between lawns across the county or even across the street.
During the warm days of late winter, turfgrass plants start to take up water (hydrate). Potential for injury exists when a day or two of warm daytime temperatures in late winter is followed by a rapid freeze. The most common time for winter kill associated with crown hydration and refreezing to occur is during the late winter and early spring when there is snowmelt or rainfall and then refreezing of the water that has not drained away. Crown hydration is a problem during these events because ice crystal can form in the crown of the plant, rupture the plant cells and ultimately cause the plant to die.
Winter desiccation is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.283871
Retrieved Text: Drake made an appearance that day of the thirteenth evening without food.
We crawled toward him, clawing at the leg of his pants and begging him to free us. "Please Drake," let us leave," I pleaded. "Let us go. Do not murder us. Let us leave. We're hungry. Too hungry. You must let us leave, Drake."
Drake replied. "Dearest Angela. You've only brought this upon yourself with your sharp tongue and moody days. I've had it up to here with your attitude towards me and let's just say this, I've moved on. I'm over you Angela. I am no longer interested in staying married to a miserable brat such as yourself."
"Let us go then," Angela cried. "Let us go," she said again and again. "Why won't you just let us leave."
Frowning, Drake shakes Angela off of his leg and walks up to Luke, Kicking him in the face. "And as for you, you can just sit here and rot for all I care." He turned to Angela. "You could always drink his blood. You know? If you're so hungry, what's keeping you from doing it. Just kill him. Why aren't you doing what you feel like? What keeps you from killing this man? Is it love? Is it chaos? Why do you keep from resorting to your natural instinct to kill just to survive." He sighed. "I'll never understand you. Not at all. Not even for a second, Angela. Not one."
"Or you," he said, turning back to Luke. "What keeps you from killing her. You're a hunter after

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.257576
Retrieved Text: > I use neomutt with emacs.
> after writing inside emacs (-nw) and C-q. How can I fix that?
is running with -nw in an xterm (the xterm is unaffected).
expect to be left in mutt, whereupon I shall press y to send it.
Is that what you wnat?
> ;; Kill the current buffer immediatly, saving it if needed.
>  "*Delete windows when `kill-save-buffer' is used.
>  "Save the current buffer (if needed) and then kill it.
> Also, delete its windows according to `kill-save-buffer-delete-windows'.
> A prefix argument ARG reverses this behavior."

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.252384
Retrieved Text: 9 out of 10 based on 292 ratings. 1,769 user reviews.
www›Tools And Ideas›Lesson PlansUnits and Lesson Plans: Aligned to NCTE Standards. Scottsboro Boys and "To Kill a Mockingbird": Two Trials for the Common Core includes three activities that ask students ( 9-12) to identify instances of courage, particularly moral courage in To Kill A Mockingbird and to study court transcripts and other primary sources from the second Scottsboro Boys Trial.
To Kill a Mockingbird Common Core Questions Text 1 Primary and Secondary Sources (Images of the Great Depression and Jim Crow Laws) 1. What do you see? What do these sources reveal? 2. What strikes you as most important in the collection of sources? 3. What conclusions can you draw about life in the 1930’s from these sources?
Harper Lee’s To Kill a Mockingbird meets the standard for Range of Reading and Level of Text Complexity for middle and high school grades. Since the novel is most commonly taught in middle school, this guide is aligned to the Common Core standards for grade 8.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.21706
Retrieved Text: When the question, ‘What is the theme of To Kill a Mockingbird’ is asked, most students are confused as to what is expected from them. Such tasks require dedication, enough time, and unrivaled writing skills. Most students lack these important values and would rather seek help from the writing companies. However, they encounter another challenge. Most of the available writing agencies do not have qualified personnel to handle such tasks. They merely exist to make money from unsuspecting clients. We come with good news. If you need help with your academic papers, we can assist you. Apart from the fact that we are experts in doing To Kill a Mockingbird analysis, we also offer help with all the other academic areas. Besides, our services are affordable and are available at your convenience. At our company, we understand the frustrations that you face with your essays and are dedicated to solving these challenges.
To perfectly understand how any theme in To Kill a Mockingbird is illustrated, you need to attentively read the whole text and understand the plot and the contributions of all the characters. To make this possible, you need a calm environment where you can attentively assess all the situations.
Unfortunately, most students are not interested in reading the text as they consider it boring. Others read but do not know how to identify the manifestation of the topic asked. Consequently, they depend entirely on what they hear their friends saying about To Kill a Mockingbird theme. Because their classmates may not have the skills of analyzing

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.206321
Retrieved Text: Can Vinegar Kill Head Lice?
According to the Minnesota Department of Health, a vinegar-water solution, although not scientifically validated, may help loosen and remove nits, which are the eggs of lice. However, this method does not kill head lice.
The MDH states that using various over-the-counter products, such as specialized shampoos and creams that contain insecticides, is the best way to eliminate head lice. To prevent a second wave of lice from thriving, a secondary round of treatment about a week later is recommended to kill any newly hatched insects. Following each round of treatment, a specialized louse comb should be used in order to pick any remaining lice and nits.
Find Can Vinegar Kill Head Lice. Look Up Results on SocialScour.com!
What Do You Do About Head Lice?
How Can Head Lice and Nits Be Identified?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.201205
Retrieved Text: Subtitles for Bride with White Hair The.
Click here to download subtitles file for the movie "Bride with White Hair The"
Click here to download the movie "Bride with White Hair The"
It is believed that there is a strange flower on Mount "Shin Fung"
Cho Yi-hang, hear what our General said?
Who ranks higher than His Majesty?
Can I have a few days' rest now?
I resort to chivalrous acts!
At that moment, I really wanted to get to her and say "thanks"
I'm sober while the others are all drunk Come on!
Come again if you've the nerve!
It's as good as dead!
Have you grasped what I said?
Do you plead guilty or not?
Do you plead guilty to hurting Tor-niu?
What's the penalty for a Wu Tang disciple?
But that lousy mandarin's folks do!
He even tried to kill my daughter!
to have troubled the presence of you 8 elders?
Yi-hang, what have you to say?
On this score I admit!
Brother has hit the nail on the head!
And you, Liu Cheng of Tien Chuang?
How did you get your wound?
I injured myself while playing!
How do you explain your wounds?
I dropped into the well getting water out of it!
I was pursued by a tiger!
Get down! All stuff and nonsense!
You see me whenever you think of me, right?
So you don't mind even such coarse food as buns!
Priest Pai Yun forced us to!
Would you bear us grudge?
No, I forgot everything already!
he's carrying sister's 2 big buns?
Don't you know this is the palace of Wu Tang?
Wine and meat, you may ruin me! Get out!
Kill rascals and remove evils! Kill!
Stealing military supplies is a serious crime. You may

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.194222
Retrieved Text: or i will find you, & i will kill you.
I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money.
But I will find you, and I will kill you.
but if you spoil resident evil 6 for me, i will find you and i will kill you.
NO REPLY FROM THOMAS NGO?
bUT IF I SEE SEE YOUR SON ON PSN, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.178581
Retrieved Text: Cheap To Kill A Mockingbird Musical / Play tickets - Smiling Tickets specializes in premium Theatre seats and sold-out event tickets. We offers an wide selection of Musical / Play tickets for sale in all price ranges. If you are looking for discount To Kill A Mockingbird tickets or front row seats, we've got it covered. In many cases, we're able to offer these popular To Kill A Mockingbird seats even after the primary market has sold out.
Find Cheap To Kill A Mockingbird Tickets at Smiling Tickets. We have the intention to check our website, service, and costs to the competition daily. Employees at Smiling Tickets are total perfectionists, and if you're wanting to buy theatre tickets, this performs to your advantage. it´s not possible to find Theatre ticket website of this quality that additionally offers discount To Kill A Mockingbird tickets. Not only will we provide discount To Kill A Mockingbird tickets, but our goal is to provide the most affordable To Kill A Mockingbird tickets within the business.
You'll be able to search To Kill A Mockingbird dates, find To Kill A Mockingbird seating charts, and any recently updated To Kill A Mockingbird Schedule and news. the first common tickets to To Kill A Mockingbird area unit accessible in the least times. although your To Kill A Mockingbird tickets aren't accessible in our list, you'll be able to still search the schedules. another choice is to use the search box at the highest of the house page. you'll be able to sort To Kill A

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.16308
Retrieved Text: Gorgeous sunset en route to BKK. We'd love to see your stunning sunrise shots. Share with us via #malaysiaairlines!
Travelling from KUL to BKK with a sumptious meal to keep the appetite sated!
(2/4) Flight TG640 will depart from BKK on 22 Aug at 9.50 (local time) and arrive at NRT at 18.00 (local time).
Chap snored his way from LHR to BKK. Rest of us couldn't get any sleep it was so loud! And what would you have done?
Free limousine service for foreign buyers who come visit Thailand. The pick up can be made from BKK or DMK airport.
British Emb BKK will be closed on 25-28 Mar for #Easter. If you're a BN needing urgent assistance during this period, call +66(0)2 305 8333.
What does BKK stand for?
BKK stands for "Bot Killer Kill"
How to abbreviate "Bot Killer Kill"?
What is the meaning of BKK abbreviation?
The meaning of BKK abbreviation is "Bot Killer Kill"
BKK as abbreviation means "Bot Killer Kill"

================



======= Instance Index 5841 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What can kill?" and the following answer choices: 
- life
 - Inheriting genes
 - security
 - smoking tobacco
 - electromagnetic energy
 - safety
 - heat or cold
 - Destroy bridges

Now knowing that cancer genes can be inherited and breast cancer kills, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Inheriting genes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.47025
Retrieved Text: killing bed bugs with salt use baking soda to kill bedbugs from your entire home water.
killing bed bugs with salt does ammonia kill bug can beautiful will not traps.
killing bed bugs with salt file in this march photo a bug kill not traps.
killing bed bugs with salt best things to kill what kills steam not traps.
killing bed bugs with salt does vinegar kill how to what kills fast will water.
killing bed bugs with salt best steamer for steamers that kill bedroom designs water.
killing bed bugs with salt what chemical kills borax baking soda water.
killing bed bugs with salt can kill does alcohol or how to get.
killing bed bugs with salt does kill get rid of in couch best how to.
killing bed bugs with salt beautiful how can i see table kill not traps.
killing bed bugs with salt does acid kill table.
killing bed bugs with salt kills bug laundry detergent that what spray water.
killing bed bugs with salt table.
killing bed bugs with salt does kill.
killing bed bugs with salt will acid kill water.
killing bed bugs with salt home remedies for beautiful on natural to treat kill.
killing bed bugs with salt image titled get rid of step kill.
killing bed bugs with salt does bleach kill the answer might surprise you pest will.
killing bed bugs with salt kill not traps.
killing bed bugs with salt how to get rid of signs treatment and what bites look like kill not traps.
killing bed bugs with salt kill.
killing bed bugs with salt does kill bug laundry detergent kit patrol products soap that kills

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.102127
Retrieved Text: What is the purpose of the -9 option in the kill command?
Here's what another man page says.
The command kill sends the specified signal to the specified process or process group. If no signal is specified, the TERM signal is sent. The TERM signal will kill processes which do not catch this signal. For other processes, it may be necessary to use the KILL (9) signal, since this signal cannot be caught.
Therefore, using the -9 switch ensures that the process is effectively killed. Even though a frozen or unresponsive process may not respond to a simple TERM signal, it will die when sent a KILL signal.
Of course we can only kill processes we own, whereas root can kill all processes. See Wikipedia for a nice summary of computing signals.
Signals kill can send are listed in the manpage. The signal can be represented by name or by number. If no signal is given the default signal 15 resp. TERM is used.
TERM: an application will be able to terminate, i.e. properly run a shutdown routine.
KILL: the applications is stopped and killed immediately (which could lead to data loss or raising apport to report a presumed crash in some cases).
It's worth pointing out that in the world of signal handling, SIGKILL is one of the few unique ones that is handled by the operating system not the program. When you run kill -9, you're not telling the application to terminate itself, instead you're telling the OS to stop running the program, no matter what the program is doing.
After SIGKILL is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.961161
Retrieved Text: The ghosts tag has no usage guidance.
What do Hindu scriptures say about Doppelgängers?
What is the difference between Preta (Ghost) and Bhuta (Spirit)?
Can ghosts kill human according to hindu beliefs?
I saw this question. But as we saw in films ghosts can move chairs, beat & kill human, they don't have legs.... Can ghosts kill human?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.912618
Retrieved Text: kill pid (which sends signal 15 (SIGTERM)) tells pid to terminate, but said program can execute some code first or even ignore the signal. kill -9 pid, on the other hand, forces the program to immediately terminate (it cannot be ignored).
You should always try kill pid first, as it allows the program to do things like saving/closing open files before exiting. Only use kill -9 when you need the program to close and it won't respond to a simple kill pid.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged command-line kill or ask your own question.
What is the difference between using System Monitor and Terminal to kill a process?
Oneliner command to use kill given tcp port number instead of PID?
Is there any reason to use 'kill' instead of 'killall'/'pkill'?
What does the “<>” mean in “kill -9 <>”?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.862036
Retrieved Text: why some gods are feared when i came to know what he said like kill ahmed to his genies then immediately he changed his mind and said dont kill ahmed ? it it because others will come to know truth and they will take revenge from god or if he doesnt changes his sentence will time be changed or what ? if he is god why he is feared to say in front of me that he wants to kill me to his genies I will battle to live with him and he is god so he can try to win from me by not cheating and hiding truth that he wants to kill me. What is the secret that god hides with others that he is killing others. When he is god for his people then he can kill according to law of genies.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.837285
Retrieved Text: Topic: Any body build a good kill team?
Re: Any body build a good kill team?
AWESOME SAUSE!!!! I never thought of that!!!!
Damn.... In the new version of Kill Team you cannot take torrent.... They gave severely reduced the number of specialities.
Topic: Anybody kill a good kill team list?
Re: Anybody kill a good kill team list?
What about 10 death marks? They all being individual units can target 10 enemy units for a 2+ wound with 6's being rending.
Anybody kill a good kill team list?
Any body build a good kill team?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.735025
Retrieved Text: This thread can be deleted now. This thread can be deleted now.
-Make sure what alien you have to kill (small blue aliens and blue aliens are different).
-At the beginning, you must keep yourself with food to evolve. The answer to the question is: -Make sure what alien you have to kill (small blue aliens and blue aliens are different). -At the beginning, you must keep yourself with food to evolve.
isnt this the notrium area? isnt this the notrium area?
Thanks for the move, didn't notice that I could reply to that one.
I know that I'm killing the right type of alien (and lots of them. How many must I kill?)... Am I supposed to not kill them before I get to the "kill small blue aliens" phase? Or am I not supposed to kill other things during that stage? Thanks for the move, didn't notice that I could reply to that one. I know that I'm killing the right type of alien (and lots of them. How many must I kill?)... Am I supposed to not kill them before I get to the "kill small blue aliens" phase? Or am I not supposed to kill other things during that stage?
I never played as alien, but Im pretty sure you shouldnt kill too much of the other aliens than those youre supposed to kill so you wont run out of them before you can gain evo from them. I never played as alien, but Im pretty sure you shouldnt kill too much of the other aliens than those

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.659383
Retrieved Text: The Vacation Rentals listed below are represented by Professional Property Management Companies who know the Kill Devil Hills area and have access to several properties.
Our April 2019 property listings offer a selection of 14 vacation rentals near Kill Devil Hills. Find a unique house rental for you to enjoy a memorable stay with your family and friends. The best places to stay near Kill Devil Hills for a holiday or a weekend are on Find Rentals.
Where are the best places to stay in Kill Devil Hills?
For nearby neighborhoods, please use our search to access the selection of vacation rentals available in and around Kill Devil Hills.
What are some fun things to do in Kill Devil Hills?
There are many other points of interest around Kill Devil Hills listed on Find Rentals where you can find a great place to stay. Try out the search to find a large selection of vacation rentals available near the city or region you're traveling to.
Which vacation rental managers have properties for rent in Kill Devil Hills North Carolina?
Can I rent fishing rentals in Kill Devil Hills?
How can I find a vacation rental manager in Kill Devil Hills?
We found 3 Vacation Rental Managers in Kill Devil Hills.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.626337
Retrieved Text: I kill you because I tl;dr-ed this thread.
I kill you because WHAT'S REAL GOOD?
I killed you because I can. And because I made my own pie. And it was delicious.
I kill you for YUKIMURA!!!!
I kill you because all I have is a tofu breakfast burrito. And no sour cream!!
I kill you because you don't know what a tofu breakfast burrito is. Google it damn it.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.590017
Retrieved Text: and Control for Mental Problems and Illegal Drugs, told VICE Indonesia. There's the shame of having a family member kill themselves, explains with depression can find the help they need remains small, experts say. own suicide prevention hotline called Jangan Bunuh Diri!, or Don't Kill Yourself!. These four drug combos can easily cause an overdose or even death. Believe it or not, this cocktail's so lethal it can kill you instantly, no matter your tolerance. Overdoses of heroin kill more people than any other single drug on the market. But what can kill you quickly is a combination of nicotine patches or gum, and.
How Does Heroin Kill You: The Science of a Heroin Overdose from six states failed to indicate the specific drug involved in overdose deaths. But, there are actions that you can take to prevent heroin overdose deaths. The danger of overdosing on common medicines is all too real — and still comes with the same deadly side effects as illegal drugs do. can kill. But did you ever wonder HOW drugs kill? Smoking cigarettes can kill by causing lung cancer, but it cannot lead to a nicotine overdose. However.
Drug overdoses can be accidental or intentional. Therefore, if you suspect an overdose in one child while other children are around, those. While cocaine use can kill you, there are several things to take into . While there are no “cures” for cocaine overdose, drugs such as. Here's how an overdose shuts down your body. By Laura Sanders. hand falling in slow motion dropping a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.5324955
Retrieved Text: I wonder why Kael's Vial Remnant doesn't give this achievement too. You could have killed Kael'thas without getting any loot but not Lady Vashj yet.
Kael will not spawn until the other three bosses are dead. First kill Al'ar twice because Al'ar is a phoenix and rises from the dead the first time. You must kill his minions first, before Al'ar can be killed. Then kill the High Astromancer Solarian. Then kill Void Reaver. Only now after these three are dead can you kill Kaelthas Sunstrider. This fight is complex, and you need to go look at what it takes.
Vaincre Kael'thas Haut-Soleil au donjon de la Tempête.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.527714
Retrieved Text: Bjorn: Well if you make a deal with Ivar, then you will have to kill me.
Harald: I know. And if you do not want me to make a deal with Ivar, then maybe you will have to kill me, Bjorn Ironside.
Vikings Season 5 Episode 19: "What Happens in the Cave"
Lagertha: Yes, I'm alive. As you can see, it is difficult to kill me.
Permalink: Yes, I'm alive. As you can see, it is difficult to kill me.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.523216
Retrieved Text: We see governments especially Pakistani, Indian and Bangladesh killing stray dogs as a campaign to keep the city clean but what does Islam say about it.
I was scrolling through my social media and came across a picture in which a government official twitter posted their stray dogs campaign and a large number of stray dogs were brutally killed. It shook my heart and decided to research what Islam says about it.
Recently, a campaign was focusing people killing cats, which was later linked as a criminal act. But what about killing these innocent dogs ? and what Islam has to add to it ?
Sheikh Abd al-Aziz ibn Baz was asked this question and he answered it as “NO”. He said that you can not kill a Dog, because it is harmless. It is not bringing you any trouble, it is wandering on the street and not harming you in any way so it is Haram to kill an innocent living thing.
Sheikh Abd al-Aziz ibn Baz also gave a fatwa which ensures that you are not allowed to kill a stray dog just because it is barking. The only reason you can kill a dog is when he has gone mad (Rabid) and is harming other people such as Kids etc.
Even Prophet Muhammad PBUH restricted Muslims to kill any dog, unless he harmed a number of people on regular basis.
Just killing Dogs won’t solve your problem. Many governments give excuses that the stray Dogs are growing very fast, but instead of killing these innocent souls they should make

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.490646
Retrieved Text: Eat plenty of fruits and vegetables. Don’t eat sugar, though. Kiwi has lots of fiber, which is good, but it also has lots of sugar, which is bad…I think. I read this in an article.
Watch out for avocados; they are high in fat….but good fat. Fat is good, except it will kill you. There was an article about it.
Eating fat will give you high cholesterol, which will kill you…except now they say cholesterol doesn’t kill you, I think. Maybe it’s just the bad cholesterol. The other cholesterol is good…I’m pretty sure. Or maybe it’s the inflammation. So, stay away from inflammation. There have been articles published about it.
Can we eat corn? I read that we should…and shouldn’t. Corn is still a vegetable, I’m almost positive, and vegetables are part of the food pyramid. However, I’m not sure there is still a food pyramid. I think that I read that the food pyramid will kill you. There was an article about it.
It seems like I heard that we can’t digest corn. I can’t remember. Maybe cows can’t eat corn, or they shouldn’t…or maybe we shouldn’t eat cows that eat corn. We should eat grass-fed cows, except for we shouldn’t eat red meat. Red meat will kill you. It gives you heart attacks, except for maybe it doesn’t. There was an article about it.
What about eggs? Can we eat eggs? I know that eggs are good for protein, but what if they came from a chicken that ate corn. I can’t remember if chickens eating corn is as

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.484292
Retrieved Text: Road Kill is a classic suspense novel, Chicago Style. Just when you think you can predict the next turn, it takes a new twist. Road Kill is true page-turner.
Road Kill is a classic suspense novel, Chicago Style. Just when you think you can predict the next turn, it takes a new twist. Road Kill is true page-turner. Frank tells a story of intrigue from the seat of his Freightliner. The characters cross paths and meet from time to time, in the great Midwest heartland of America. Offering shelter to a wayward soul turns into a run-for-your-life journey. Had he known what lie in store on the road ahead, he would still have made the same choice. It would be the only decision he could make - what his heart and mind demanded.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.430101
Retrieved Text: So that means we all can leave one comment like that? How about 1 comment doubled in the same post? Or what if we break up the comment in two posts so that its not a comment "like that"? Or what if we get someone else to write the comment for us? What if we make a comment like this on a different thread? How many times can i get away with a comment like this before u find and kill me? What if u write a comment like this? Do we get to kill you? Am i getting annoying? Can a comment like this be reworded so it is a comment like this? What do u mean by comment like this? Is he the only one affected by the term comment like this? How are you gonna kill us? Are you even reading these? Is this gonna be one big chain o answers? I like this game do u? does this count as a comment like this? Did i ask that one twice? Can i ask it twice? Does this count as a comment like this? Now is it twice? Or is it three now? Did you lose count? Am i confusing you? How many types o comments fall under comments like this? Can u kill magna for me just for fun? Did u expect this kind of response? Am i gonna die?
Why is GA2 down? I need my top 50 FFA!!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.393577
Retrieved Text: are you a halo freak?
halo is a great game, but it can be a little over addictive. theres nothing wrong with videogames buts theres also nothing wrong with life. here an idea of a way to spend your time.
In the last level of halo 3, there is a structure, what other level is this structure on?
trick question! its never been seen before!
what does ODST stand for?
In the end of halo 3, does the Master Chief die?
He cant die! hes the chief!
duh. havent you beat the game?
well thanks for spoiling it for me!
In Which game and level does cortana die?
who the hell is cortana?
theres more that one halo?
what the hell are 'the rings'?
how do you kill the scarab in halo 2?
why would you have to kill a bug?
how do you kill the scarabs in halo3?
shoot its legs till it falls over, board it, then find and destroy the power-core.
again, why kill a bug?
theres more that one scarab?
in halo 3, what is the chiefs armor?
you can get a katana? cool!
Quiz topic: Am I a halo freak?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.37253
Retrieved Text: We are Animal Lovers, Advocates, Athletes and Teammates.
TEAM PAWS Chicago is a charity racing and fundraising team benefiting PAWS CHICAGO, the Midwest's largest No Kill humane animal shelter. With TEAM PAWS Chicago's support, since PAWS’ founding in 1997, the number of homeless dogs and cats killed annually in Chicago has dropped by more than 87 percent.
What Your Donation Can Do -- See how much it costs PAWS Chicago for supplies, treatments, medical care and more.
2017 By The Numbers -- View how many adoptions, services, fosters, etc. PAWS Chicago did in 2017. On this page you can also find a useful PDF to download and print highlighting some of our biggest numbers!
Our Work -- This page on our website reviews all the work we do such as adoption, spay/neuter, community outreach and more.
How to Help -- Learn more about how to donate, volunteer, foster and more.
No Kill Mission -- What does it mean to be No Kill and what is our No Kill Model? Click here to find out.
About Us -- Discover our history, mission, results, leadership and more on this page.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.368186
Retrieved Text: kill bed bugs with salt does ammonia bug can beautiful will killing water.
kill bed bugs with salt borax for vs acid ant killer does the answer is killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt have you discovered in your home or bites from a treatment by professional pest control company exterminator may not be killing wit.
kill bed bugs with salt does get rid of in couch best how to.
kill bed bugs with salt get.
kill bed bugs with salt bug a many people have neglected to factor the possibility of using as projectile battle killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt kills how i fought bedbugs and won does do killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt will acid killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt does will vinegar how to get rid of killing water.
kill bed bugs with salt mattress and base cover killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt can does hydrogen peroxide detox bath oz killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt home remedies for beautiful on natural to treat killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt spray the areas where will scatter to when you them directly vinegar killing water.
kill bed bugs with salt can how to get rid inspiration of bug killer killing table.
kill bed bugs with salt angry bug.
kill bed bugs with salt vinegar kills bedbugs but does not eggs it also needs to be reapplied.
kill bed bugs with salt how many in an egg long do live eggs not traps.
kill bed bugs with salt the difference between bug introductions and infestations.
kill bed bugs with salt does vinegar

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.357999
Retrieved Text: Question about freezing things to kill nasties?
So does freezing them have the same effect???
Replied by robert (robert carter) on topic Question about freezing things to kill nasties?
Replied by igmillichip (ian millichip) on topic Question about freezing things to kill nasties?
Irish Tropical Fish Society (ITFS) Member.
Replied by gunnered72 (Eddy Gunnered) on topic Question about freezing things to kill nasties?
Ich and for example Ian....What happens to ick when you freeze it?
I've not tried freezing as a method to rid things of Ich, but I understand that cryopreservation of Ich for research purposes has proven a bit more tricky than some other species to get the parasites to survive on thawing.
For Ich, isolation from a host for a good quarantine period and medication are what I would use.
Many organisms can go into statis when frozen but will re-animate when thawed................so freezing is not the best method to kill off nasties as a general tactic.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.2896385
Retrieved Text: It’s that time of year where all our turfgrasses begin to stretch, yawn, and wake back up.
Unfortunately, there is still a risk of some areas of turf not waking up.
In lieu of the winter we’ve had this year in the Knoxville area, winter kill is a lingering possibility. There’s no real standard of winter kill diagnosis other than the fact that the turf does not green up come spring. But what actually happened?
“Winter kill” is a general term that is used to define turf loss during the winter. Winter kill can be caused by a combination of factors including crown hydration, desiccation, low temperatures, ice sheets and snow mold. Because of the unpredictability of environmental factors and differences in other factors such as surface drainage, the occurrence of winter kill on turf is variable and can vary greatly between lawns across the county or even across the street.
During the warm days of late winter, turfgrass plants start to take up water (hydrate). Potential for injury exists when a day or two of warm daytime temperatures in late winter is followed by a rapid freeze. The most common time for winter kill associated with crown hydration and refreezing to occur is during the late winter and early spring when there is snowmelt or rainfall and then refreezing of the water that has not drained away. Crown hydration is a problem during these events because ice crystal can form in the crown of the plant, rupture the plant cells and ultimately cause the plant to die.
Winter desiccation is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.283871
Retrieved Text: Drake made an appearance that day of the thirteenth evening without food.
We crawled toward him, clawing at the leg of his pants and begging him to free us. "Please Drake," let us leave," I pleaded. "Let us go. Do not murder us. Let us leave. We're hungry. Too hungry. You must let us leave, Drake."
Drake replied. "Dearest Angela. You've only brought this upon yourself with your sharp tongue and moody days. I've had it up to here with your attitude towards me and let's just say this, I've moved on. I'm over you Angela. I am no longer interested in staying married to a miserable brat such as yourself."
"Let us go then," Angela cried. "Let us go," she said again and again. "Why won't you just let us leave."
Frowning, Drake shakes Angela off of his leg and walks up to Luke, Kicking him in the face. "And as for you, you can just sit here and rot for all I care." He turned to Angela. "You could always drink his blood. You know? If you're so hungry, what's keeping you from doing it. Just kill him. Why aren't you doing what you feel like? What keeps you from killing this man? Is it love? Is it chaos? Why do you keep from resorting to your natural instinct to kill just to survive." He sighed. "I'll never understand you. Not at all. Not even for a second, Angela. Not one."
"Or you," he said, turning back to Luke. "What keeps you from killing her. You're a hunter after

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.257576
Retrieved Text: > I use neomutt with emacs.
> after writing inside emacs (-nw) and C-q. How can I fix that?
is running with -nw in an xterm (the xterm is unaffected).
expect to be left in mutt, whereupon I shall press y to send it.
Is that what you wnat?
> ;; Kill the current buffer immediatly, saving it if needed.
>  "*Delete windows when `kill-save-buffer' is used.
>  "Save the current buffer (if needed) and then kill it.
> Also, delete its windows according to `kill-save-buffer-delete-windows'.
> A prefix argument ARG reverses this behavior."

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.252384
Retrieved Text: 9 out of 10 based on 292 ratings. 1,769 user reviews.
www›Tools And Ideas›Lesson PlansUnits and Lesson Plans: Aligned to NCTE Standards. Scottsboro Boys and "To Kill a Mockingbird": Two Trials for the Common Core includes three activities that ask students ( 9-12) to identify instances of courage, particularly moral courage in To Kill A Mockingbird and to study court transcripts and other primary sources from the second Scottsboro Boys Trial.
To Kill a Mockingbird Common Core Questions Text 1 Primary and Secondary Sources (Images of the Great Depression and Jim Crow Laws) 1. What do you see? What do these sources reveal? 2. What strikes you as most important in the collection of sources? 3. What conclusions can you draw about life in the 1930’s from these sources?
Harper Lee’s To Kill a Mockingbird meets the standard for Range of Reading and Level of Text Complexity for middle and high school grades. Since the novel is most commonly taught in middle school, this guide is aligned to the Common Core standards for grade 8.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.21706
Retrieved Text: When the question, ‘What is the theme of To Kill a Mockingbird’ is asked, most students are confused as to what is expected from them. Such tasks require dedication, enough time, and unrivaled writing skills. Most students lack these important values and would rather seek help from the writing companies. However, they encounter another challenge. Most of the available writing agencies do not have qualified personnel to handle such tasks. They merely exist to make money from unsuspecting clients. We come with good news. If you need help with your academic papers, we can assist you. Apart from the fact that we are experts in doing To Kill a Mockingbird analysis, we also offer help with all the other academic areas. Besides, our services are affordable and are available at your convenience. At our company, we understand the frustrations that you face with your essays and are dedicated to solving these challenges.
To perfectly understand how any theme in To Kill a Mockingbird is illustrated, you need to attentively read the whole text and understand the plot and the contributions of all the characters. To make this possible, you need a calm environment where you can attentively assess all the situations.
Unfortunately, most students are not interested in reading the text as they consider it boring. Others read but do not know how to identify the manifestation of the topic asked. Consequently, they depend entirely on what they hear their friends saying about To Kill a Mockingbird theme. Because their classmates may not have the skills of analyzing

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.206321
Retrieved Text: Can Vinegar Kill Head Lice?
According to the Minnesota Department of Health, a vinegar-water solution, although not scientifically validated, may help loosen and remove nits, which are the eggs of lice. However, this method does not kill head lice.
The MDH states that using various over-the-counter products, such as specialized shampoos and creams that contain insecticides, is the best way to eliminate head lice. To prevent a second wave of lice from thriving, a secondary round of treatment about a week later is recommended to kill any newly hatched insects. Following each round of treatment, a specialized louse comb should be used in order to pick any remaining lice and nits.
Find Can Vinegar Kill Head Lice. Look Up Results on SocialScour.com!
What Do You Do About Head Lice?
How Can Head Lice and Nits Be Identified?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.201205
Retrieved Text: Subtitles for Bride with White Hair The.
Click here to download subtitles file for the movie "Bride with White Hair The"
Click here to download the movie "Bride with White Hair The"
It is believed that there is a strange flower on Mount "Shin Fung"
Cho Yi-hang, hear what our General said?
Who ranks higher than His Majesty?
Can I have a few days' rest now?
I resort to chivalrous acts!
At that moment, I really wanted to get to her and say "thanks"
I'm sober while the others are all drunk Come on!
Come again if you've the nerve!
It's as good as dead!
Have you grasped what I said?
Do you plead guilty or not?
Do you plead guilty to hurting Tor-niu?
What's the penalty for a Wu Tang disciple?
But that lousy mandarin's folks do!
He even tried to kill my daughter!
to have troubled the presence of you 8 elders?
Yi-hang, what have you to say?
On this score I admit!
Brother has hit the nail on the head!
And you, Liu Cheng of Tien Chuang?
How did you get your wound?
I injured myself while playing!
How do you explain your wounds?
I dropped into the well getting water out of it!
I was pursued by a tiger!
Get down! All stuff and nonsense!
You see me whenever you think of me, right?
So you don't mind even such coarse food as buns!
Priest Pai Yun forced us to!
Would you bear us grudge?
No, I forgot everything already!
he's carrying sister's 2 big buns?
Don't you know this is the palace of Wu Tang?
Wine and meat, you may ruin me! Get out!
Kill rascals and remove evils! Kill!
Stealing military supplies is a serious crime. You may

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.194222
Retrieved Text: or i will find you, & i will kill you.
I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money.
But I will find you, and I will kill you.
but if you spoil resident evil 6 for me, i will find you and i will kill you.
NO REPLY FROM THOMAS NGO?
bUT IF I SEE SEE YOUR SON ON PSN, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.178581
Retrieved Text: Cheap To Kill A Mockingbird Musical / Play tickets - Smiling Tickets specializes in premium Theatre seats and sold-out event tickets. We offers an wide selection of Musical / Play tickets for sale in all price ranges. If you are looking for discount To Kill A Mockingbird tickets or front row seats, we've got it covered. In many cases, we're able to offer these popular To Kill A Mockingbird seats even after the primary market has sold out.
Find Cheap To Kill A Mockingbird Tickets at Smiling Tickets. We have the intention to check our website, service, and costs to the competition daily. Employees at Smiling Tickets are total perfectionists, and if you're wanting to buy theatre tickets, this performs to your advantage. it´s not possible to find Theatre ticket website of this quality that additionally offers discount To Kill A Mockingbird tickets. Not only will we provide discount To Kill A Mockingbird tickets, but our goal is to provide the most affordable To Kill A Mockingbird tickets within the business.
You'll be able to search To Kill A Mockingbird dates, find To Kill A Mockingbird seating charts, and any recently updated To Kill A Mockingbird Schedule and news. the first common tickets to To Kill A Mockingbird area unit accessible in the least times. although your To Kill A Mockingbird tickets aren't accessible in our list, you'll be able to still search the schedules. another choice is to use the search box at the highest of the house page. you'll be able to sort To Kill A

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.16308
Retrieved Text: Gorgeous sunset en route to BKK. We'd love to see your stunning sunrise shots. Share with us via #malaysiaairlines!
Travelling from KUL to BKK with a sumptious meal to keep the appetite sated!
(2/4) Flight TG640 will depart from BKK on 22 Aug at 9.50 (local time) and arrive at NRT at 18.00 (local time).
Chap snored his way from LHR to BKK. Rest of us couldn't get any sleep it was so loud! And what would you have done?
Free limousine service for foreign buyers who come visit Thailand. The pick up can be made from BKK or DMK airport.
British Emb BKK will be closed on 25-28 Mar for #Easter. If you're a BN needing urgent assistance during this period, call +66(0)2 305 8333.
What does BKK stand for?
BKK stands for "Bot Killer Kill"
How to abbreviate "Bot Killer Kill"?
What is the meaning of BKK abbreviation?
The meaning of BKK abbreviation is "Bot Killer Kill"
BKK as abbreviation means "Bot Killer Kill"

================



======= Instance Index 728 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What are all fish?" and the following answer choices: 
- wet
 - protected
 - sharks
 - food
 - fins
 - animals
 - eggs
 - good

Now knowing that all animals are heterotrophs and all fish are heterotrophic, choose the best answer.

Target Text: animals

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.479801
Retrieved Text: Which One Is Correct In American English?
a)Imagine giving food to a fish that is more than what she needs. Do we need that "that " after fish?
b)Imagine a fish being given food more that is more that what she needs. Do we need that "that " before is?
c)Imagine a fish being given more food than what she needs.
The most natural way to say this is, "Imagine giving a fish more food than it needs" or "Imagine a fish getting more food than it needs."
So, are all of my sentences correct?
bassa a)Imagine giving food to a fish that is more than what she needs. Do we need that "that " after fish?
Your sentences are all awkward in English, for various reasons.
In (a), after reading "Imagine giving food to a fish that is...", I expect the rest of the sentence to say something about what the fish is, not what the food is. Also, "what" is not needed.
(b) There must be at least one typo here -- "more that is more that what she needs" doesn't make any sense.
(c) Take out "what," and this one is fine.
Why is it incorrect to put what in (a) and (c)?
The "what" is not really incorrect -- it's just not necessary. You can keep if it you want to.
Yes, fish in my language is feminine and cats,the sun,flowers,ducks,snakes,chikens....... .

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.386733
Retrieved Text: Fish Food, what do fish like anyway?
What is good fish food? How often should fish be given food? What else should you know about fish food?
Fish food is the life sustaining part of your aquarium fish. Its also the main concern of what bait to use if you go fishing. In essence you need to know all there is to know about what type of food fish like so that you can either keep them healthy effectively or be effective in catching fish!
In terms of aquarium fish, there are generally a few types of fish food. There are flakes, pellets, live and even frozen varieties.
Flakes are generally used for smaller fish. These tend to have the consistency of dried leaves and will float on water.
Pellets can be really small, the size of pencil heads (or even smaller still - almost like dust!), or quite large, the size of ball bearings.
Pellets can also be of the floating type but there are also sinking types. They are generally spherical in shape but there are also cylindrical and perhaps other shapes as well. Both pellets and flakes can have dizzying array of ingredients as well.
So why on earth do they have so many kinds you ask? Well I suppose its a lot of marketing hype just like every commodity there is these days! :) Having said that, each kind gives its own merits and I suppose we need to take them at face value and get on with it.
I have, however, heard of varieties apparently containing things like pork

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.336664
Retrieved Text: The following represent questions we have been asked by members, partners and the general public, along with our formal response to such. The intention is to clarify what we mean by certain terms and our position on important issues such as nonnative fish, stocking, chemical reclamation, tackle, harvest, etc.
Q: What does native fish coalition mean by the term "native"?
A: When NFC uses the term "native" we mean "indigenous" or historically present -- "Indigenous: originating or occurring naturally in a particular place; native." We further clarify our position by meaning native to a given water not the state, region, etc. It is not meant to imply "never-stocked-over" as some state fish and game agencies and organizations are now using the term.
Q: What does native fish coalition mean by the term "wild"?
A: When NFC uses the term "wild" we mean "self-sustaining" or born in nature -- "Wild: (of an animal or plant) living or growing in the natural environment; not domesticated or cultivated." We try to use the term "wild" when speaking at the individual fish level and "self-sustaining" when speaking at the population level. It is not meant to imply "previously-stocked-over" as some state fish and game agencies or organizations are now using the term.
Q: What does native fish coalition mean by the term "wild native"?
Q: Is Native fish coalition a conservation or fishing organization, or both?
A: While most of our Board and Advisory Council members are avid fly fishers, and some make all or part of their living in the recreational fishing industry, Native Fish Coalition

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.333181
Retrieved Text: What makes this recipe the Best Fish Taco Recipe? From the delicious spicy Fish Marinade to the amazing Fish Taco toppings this is hands down my favorite Fish Taco Recipe!
I”m not sure I can claim to be a connoisseur of Fish Tacos but I can tell you that this is the Best Fish Taco Recipe I’ve ever tasted!
To be honest…I just started eating Fish Tacos recently. But since my son turned me on to this delicious dish I order them all the time now. If I see Fish Tacos on the menu you know that’s what I’m going to be ordering.
So far nothing has compared to this recipe though and that includes the tasty ones I ordered on a recent trip to Mexico! Yes…they were delicious but this is the Best Fish Taco Recipe I’ve ever tasted!
What makes the Best Fish Taco Recipe?
If you love Fish Tacos you may have your favorite toppings to choose from. In my opinion that is definitely one of the keys to making the Best Fish Tacos.
You definitely need to have a good selection of tasty toppings. My favorite Fish Taco Toppings are Jicama Slaw, which I shared our favorite recipe for earlier this week. It adds a great tangy crunchiness to them.
Mango Salsa is another must have topping. I love the sweetness it adds. In fact I love serving Mango Salsa with all my fish dishes.
Lastly, a creamy and spicy fish sauce brings it all together when creating the Best Fish Taco Recipe.
What type of fish makes the Best Fish

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.305337
Retrieved Text: This comprehensive guide is the most complete owner's manual for keeping all types of freshwater and marine fish. The book will take you through all the options in choosing the right fish for any water temperature - tropical and cold water - and for all types of environment - indoor aquariums or outdoor ponds. Know the difference between keeping marine fish and freshwater fish, including differences in aquarium setups, and feeding and caring for your pet fish. Learn to tell if your fish are healthy and find out everything you need to breed them successfully. The Encyclopedia of Aquarium & Pond Fish contains a huge photographic colour reference directory of over 800 of the most popular fish, which not only shows you what they look like, but also gives you the key information you need, such as how big they will grow, whether they integrate with different fish, what food they eat, and what water type and temperature they prefer.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.2816305
Retrieved Text: Perth Ocean Diving organises shore dives for certified divers regularly, with an experienced guide. Includes 1 beautiful dive in the Ocean, all the scuba gear, snacks, and guide. All you need to take with you is your bathers and your certification.
Our dive sites are chosen according to the weather conditions, the level and preferences of the divers.
Call us on 0450005381 to find a date and book.
What you can see: The pylons of the jetty are covered of colourful coral which hides thousands of creatures such as sea horse, octopus, lion fish, sea stars, sea urchins, nudi branchs, small rays, crabs, cray fish, prawns, butterfly fish, cuttle fish, and schools of small fish like herrings. You can occasionally sea dolphins.
The jetty used to be the home of a small seal that comes back sometimes to sleep underknees the pylons or that you can sometimes see hunting at the end of the jetty.
The top of the pylons are also the favourite point of view for a couple of big and curious pelicans.
What you can see: A couple of small ship wrecks and 2 planes covered by soft coral and surrounded by creatures such as box fish, butterfly fish, herrings, yellow tails, sea horses, pipe fish, and bigger animals like blue trevally, eagle ray, lion fish or cat fish. Occasionally seen cray fish, octopus, nudi branchs and dolphins.
What you can see: The reef is covered by algaes which is home for creatures like octopus, small brown rays, blue devil, sea urchins or sea stars. The dive site is also

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.27935
Retrieved Text: Store Home :: Individual Fish :: Black Koi :: Beni Matsukawa Bakke 6.5"
As with all fish sold at Blackwater Creek and its retail partners, ALL fish (and we mean ALL FISH) are produced at Blackwater Creek BY Blackwater Creek's expert staff WITH Blackwater's lines of genetics... So what does this mean?
1. American Jobs - You are supporting many, many families that love producing these fish. Its NOT an easy job. If you dont love it... you can't do it. Our crew Loves it!
2. Biosecurity - Our farms were the FIRST to stop bringing in outside fish. A long time ago, Well before it was a cool thing to brag about. Our fish are viral tested... truly viral tested. Some other farms buy and sell a lot of the fish they offer and it is a very risky business regardless of what they tell you. Many farms choose not to test their fish (we have an idea why... you should ask them). Safe secure fish... Blackwater Creek.
3. Price - Farm Direct means great prices on FIRST CHOICE Fish. Like pickin' a sweet apple right from the tree!
4. Appreciation - We appreciate the fish we raise and we APPRECIATE your business! Thank You!
Notify me of updates to Beni Matsukawa Bakke 6.5"

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.238751
Retrieved Text: What is the best fish to start off with for an introduction to the hobby ? For those who may wonder what fish to stock with and what to chosse, here are some suggestions.
First, consider the size of tank that you have. In general there is a "one inch of fish to one gallon" rule. The rule is a guideline and works for most fish. As you become more expert you will find that certain fish will depend more gallonage.
Secondly, what type of water will you be keeping. Let's assume that you will be keeping freshwater fish. If your local water is hard or soft you want to choose a "hardwater" vs "softwater" fish. While most fish in the local pet store are from fish farms, they are raised for general water conditions, the fish that you choose will probably do better in the water from which they originate.
Do you intend to treat your water ? If your municipal water supply is treated with chloramines then you will need water treatment for each water change. If you just want to top off with straight untreated water then choose a hardier fish.
Temperature : will you have a heater or will you choose a simpler route and just have room temperature.
Many beginners may not know that purchasing that cute little red and orange fish will mean several years of commitment and eventually a 100 gallon tank. Most cichlids will live several years and some decades and grow to monsterous sizes. Goldfish and related carps are perhaps the most

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.221185
Retrieved Text: In a lot of fishing applications we spend our time fishing in water where we can’t see what’s going on. Trolling, nymphing or streamer fishing, and working a spinnerbait along some deadfall are some of the ways to catch fish without seeing what you’re doing. When we have an opportunity to see what we’re doing, heck, that tends to lighten the mood.
What happens when you see a school of fish in skinny water? I’ve heard that some anglers yawn at the prospect of working a pod of fish like this, but I’ve yet to actually meet one. I think we all feel our blood pressure increase just a little bit, particularly as we get ready to make a presentation.
us with that fish: when is he coming back up and where is he coming back up? We’ll watch for a while and try to figure out the pattern so that we can figure out where and what to cast. It’s like a high-stakes game of poker, winner take all.
Some fish push water when they’re feeding, and when you see that movement you’ll wonder if it’s one fish or if there are more. The V-wake that is left behind is a tell-tale sign of where the fish is headed, and casting ahead and beyond means that your lure will be in front of his face when he gets there.
Splashing fish get under my skin. They show a little fin and thrash around on the surface, sort of saying that they’re here but are going to eat what they

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.203989
Retrieved Text: Look! Look! They have fish bone crackers on the menu at this izakaya! I love fish bone crackers!
What? Oh, haha, don’t you mean “fish bone” crackers?
Eww, does that mean what I think it means?
Yeah, they’re made from real fish bones. Little fishie spines, little fishie ribs, little fishie tails, little fishie fins, all deep-fried to crispy perfection with seasoning salt. Try one!
You mean…there’s no meat. No meat at all. Just…bones.
Yeah. They’re crunchy! Better than potato chips. Try one!
TRY ONE. See? They’re great, aren’t they? Hey! Hey stop that! Get your own order! Those are mine!
And think of all that calcium, not to mention the omega-3s!
I… kind of what to try that. I won’t choke on the bones right?
No, but I have to admit, I was kind of worried about that too! I’m not sure why it’s not a problem – maybe because the fish are really little and they don’t have big inflexible bones like salmon? Or maybe because the bones are all stuck together in whatever secret ingredients the fish are covered with before frying? Eating these really was more like eating potato chips than eating fish!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.186412
Retrieved Text: The allusion to the waifs and waif-poles in the last chapter but one, necessitates some account of the laws and regulations of the whale fishery, of which the waif may be deemed the grand symbol and badge.
It frequently happens that when several ships are cruising in company, a whale may be struck by one vessel, then escape, and be finally killed and captured by another vessel; and herein are indirectly comprised many minor contingencies, all partaking of this one grand feature. For example, - after a weary and perilous chase and capture of a whale, the body may get loose from the ship by reason of a violent storm; and drifting far away to leeward, be retaken by a second whaler, who, in a calm, snugly tows it alongside, without risk of life or line. Thus the most vexatious and violent disputes would often arise between the fishermen, were there not some written or unwritten, universal, undisputed law applicable to all cases.
Perhaps the only formal whaling code authorized by legislative enactment, was that of Holland. It was decreed by the States-General in A. D. 1695 . But though no other nation has ever had any written whaling law, yet the American fishermen have been their own legislators and lawyers in this matter. They have provided a system which for terse comprehensiveness surpasses Justinian's Pandects and the By-laws of the Chinese Society for the Suppression of Meddling with other People's Business. Yes; these laws might be engraven on a Queen Anne's farthing, or the barb of a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.16805
Retrieved Text: Fish curry in my house (Thai Green Fish Curry, Asam Pedas Ikan Bawal & Malaysian Fish Head Curry)? What can or should I possibly say? If not once a week, at least every fortnight. Even if it’s not fish curry, there must be some sort of fried fish various types (Fried Fish Soy Sauce, Ikan Goreng Asam & Thai Crispy Fish). Obviously for the matter every few days once due to? Fish being the brain food for my other half-half. Mmmm? Cooking for our loved or loving ones? You tell me please. I am sure you know what I am talking about? Easier said than done I suppose and we women mostly, in fact, all the time making it a point in cooking what our loved ones will pleasure into. Furthermore, over the years, honestly, though I did try, I have given up on trying to coax my other half-half in trying chicken (Karaikudi Chicken Curry) or pork (Pork Bulgogi). Not worth because trust me, food can actually rock the marriage boat. Especially when age has caught up and you realize that you don't have anymore energy in trying to change your husband's food likes or dislikes. Instead, better to leave them alone and just go with the flow by cooking the food they will pleasure into.
Says it all. Fish cooking (Steamed Fish Fermented Paste) in my house and this version of fish curry from my kitchen (Fish Sambar, Meen Drumstick Kulambu & Malu Kirata). Anyway, if you are asking me, what can be different about

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.153756
Retrieved Text: We would like to announce the closing of The Fish Vet Store on Saturday, April 13th. We will be having a big sale the first few weeks of April as we clear out the rest of our inventory.
But worry not, fish fans! There will be a NEW fish supply store opening in Watsonville in the coming months. They will have fish and all the supplies you need to keep your fish happy.
This change will also be the end of our hospital facility. Our veterinary staff has come to find that the stress of moving fish to a hospital tank, although easier to control environmentally, may not be in the best interest of some of our patients. Fish get too stressed during capture, handling and transport, so we will take our veterinary program 100% mobile. Our veterinary offerings will not change. Our Spring Pond Program will be announced shortly and will carry offers of special benefit to all our clients.
All of our books can be purchased on Amazon.
Koi make up the majority of our veterinary practice, and in seeing so many cases, some common themes occur. Don’t make the same mistakes with your fish!
Not Checking Your Fish Daily – We know in the winter, when metabolisms are quiet, your fish are not very entertaining. However, even in the slower, winter months, small problems can start to grow very quickly, especially when the weather starts to warm. Even though you may not be feeding your fish daily, it is critical to check on all the fish DAILY to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.109309
Retrieved Text: ← Nutrition Fact: Spicing up your Foods with Tumeric is Good for your Health!
Nutrition Fact: Eating Fish Can Be Healthy and Sustainable!
Did you know the average American eats less than half the recommended 8 ounces/week? Before I started studying nutrition, I must admit that I ate very little to no fish as well. However, after just my first nutrition class several years ago, I quickly learned how essential this food is to your health and slowly trained myself to eat more fish. And now after living in Seattle for almost 5 years, I totally love fish—well most of them at least! Definitely helps that you can find very fresh fish here. 🙂 So I thought I’d share why fish is so important to our health and what inspired me to start eating more fish.
What are the Health Benefits of Fish?
Promotes Heart Health. Studies show that just two servings of fish a week can reduce your risk of dying from a heart attack by 30%! This is mainly because of the omega-3 fatty acids it contains which I wrote about in more detail earlier here. Omega-3 fatty acids from fish contain both eicosopentaenoic acid (EPA) and docoshexaenoic acid (DHA) which has been shown to decrease triglyceride levels, blood pressure, and the growth of atherosclerotic plaque, as well as increase HDL (good cholesterol)—all of which are protective against heart disease.
Great source of nutrition. Fish is a filling lean protein that is high in vitamins and minerals such as Vitamin D, Calcium, and Magnesium.
Mercury – Today, most fish contain

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.070886
Retrieved Text: Researcher Oddrun Anita Gudbrandsen believes that fish is good for both body and soul. We put her on the spot and asked: Why should we eat more fish?
Researcher Oddrun Anita Gudbrandsen, Department of Clinical Medicine, Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry, University of Bergen (UiB).
Summoned for questioning: To explain why fish is so unbelievably good for your health.
Why are you so concerned with fish?
But you do keep feeding fish to your test objects?
Do the participants lose weight as part of the tests?
I eat fish about every second day. Is that enough or not?
So, you can actually eat too much fish?
“Certainly, if you eat too much oily fish, you may experience diarrhoea. You will notice it quickly.
Is fish good for everyone? After all, some people are vegetarians and others live far away from the sea. I bet that nomads in the desert are not keen fly-fishers or what?
What is the benefit of your research for society? Will we all be popping fish protein pills in a few years’ time?
But can there be some problems connected with producing and consuming even more fish than we already do?
Do you have any dietary advice?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.06574
Retrieved Text: Best 25 Fish Creek Motel – We are so lucky to discover John Carmona posted the photographs . We are actually thankful simply because all of the collections can be located in the Fish Creek Motel group. All of them are a hundred percent cost-free to download. Our hope is to make you content as you find your Fish Creek Motel group on our site for Fish Creek Motel as well as Fish Creek Motel. We will keep updating many more classes and concepts on our Fish Creek Motel.
The photos offered in the class are all part of your Fish Creek Motel. For that reason it is agreeable for your Fish Creek Motel ideas. If you believe our Fish Creek Motel is your inspiration for your huge venture, just feel free to save them all. Your Fish Creek Motel of course matches with our Fish Creek Motel images. It is easy!
What you got to do is to use the ‘right click’ on the mouse and then go saving the data. In the long term, we will supply you a lot more HD wallpapers so you will be able revisit and browse them. Also, don’t lose your chance on any update about the very best HD pictures in the website. Our blog has limitless concepts to stick to. This is the only website and the most trusted one that offers you the greatest images. Happy searching! Fish Creek Motel John Carmona.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.064477
Retrieved Text: Dr. Tobias Omega 3 Fish Oil Review – Is This Product Safe To Use?
Dr. Tobias Omega 3 Fish Oil is a dietary supplement that is made from healthy fish oil extracts. According to the manufacturer, the Dr. Tobias Omega 3 Fish Oil is an all-natural product that uses fish oil harvested from specific cold water fish and sardines. This is necessary to ensure that only the best fish oil ends up in the product.
Dr. Tobias Omega 3 Fish Oil is designed in such a manner that it is safe to be used by anyone as long as they don’t have a fish allergy. According to the manufacturer, this is important since it restores confidence amongst the users. For users, this is more than welcome since it means that they can buy the product over the counter without the need of a prescription.
What is Dr. Tobias Omega 3 Fish Oil and What Is The Company Behind Dr. Tobias Omega 3 Fish Oil?
Dr. Tobias Omega 3 Fish Oil is a dietary supplement that has been designed to boost the body’s immunity by bringing in essential oils and nutrients to the body. According to the manufacturer, this product is designed to be used by anyone who wants to have a healthy joint life.
All the same, they claim that this product will be more beneficial to persons that are suffering from weakened joints that have been associated with old age, joint injury and conditions such as arthritis.
Dr. Tobias Omega 3 Fish Oil is manufactured by a company known as Dr.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.049046
Retrieved Text: Farmed fish is a heavily "processed" food because the fish are fed manufactured pellets.
The dried pellets fed to farmed fish are not regulated and are full of dangerous toxins because what the fish eats ends up in you.
Even worse, one particular toxin - a pesticide that has never been ppproved for animal feed - has the ability to cross the all-important blood-brain barrier.
Watch the video and you'll see.
You'll also see what happened to the researcher who discovered what was going on.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.047636
Retrieved Text: The fish tag has no usage guidance.
Can a pregnant woman go to aquariums?
Some have the custom that pregnant women do not go to zoos. (See here) Does this custom extend to aquariums too?
Would a space fish be kosher?
Why is the term דגה frequently used to refer to Egyptian (Nile) fish?
Can one cook meat and fish dishes at the same time in the same oven?
fish before meat - why?
I have tried to read up and understand why shell fish aren't kosher, but the reasoning for scales/fins seems to be able to apply to shellfish as well. Is there any logical explanation?
Why is herring used for tikun?
How did the fish live through the flood?
If the waters were boiling as the flood continued, how did the fish survive throughout the Mabul?
Are piranha and barracuda fish kosher?
May one marinate fish on Shabbat?
At a non-kosher restaurant, is sliced raw fish kosher?
Halibut scales - how to identify them?
Must one use a separate grill for meat and fish?
Could Yonah's “whale” have been a whale?
What is a kilbis fish?
The Gemara (Avodah Zarah 40a) mentions that if you find a "kilbis" (כילבית) fish in fish brine you can eat it. What does a "kilbis" fish translate out to in English?
Is there a prohibition on eating meat and poultry together?
Is Lionfish a kosher fish?
Can a pan used for frying eggs, also be used to fry sardines? Does this meet kashrut kosher laws?
Salmons and eels touching in the fish shop, is the salmon still ok to purchase?
Are all fish in Tanach merely called “דג”?
Gigantic Tiger Fish -

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.044507
Retrieved Text: One of the more common “healthy” pet issues we see in all of veterinary medicine is obesity, and fish are no exception. They may have better control than your golden retriever, but overfeeding your fish can have more severe consequences than just rounder fish.
Unfortunately, there is no absolute calculation to tell you how much to feed your fish. It depends on their species, temperature, water quality, other stressors, the type of food, formulation and current disease processes. For cats and dogs, it all depends on body size and life stage. If you take any bag of cat or dog food and look at the back, it will tell you what life stage the food is intended for and what amount to feed for body weight. (This assumes that your pet is the correct weight for the body type and structure.) But when was the last time you weighed your pet fish? Fish should be fed based on body size, but we know this is an impossible task for most owners. Thankfully, fish are pretty good at determining when they are full. A bigger problem is what happens when there is too much food in the tank.
Sprinkle a little bit of food into your tank. We recommend mixing it close to the filter return so all fish can get a fair share.
When all the food is eaten, sprinkle a little bit more. If the food is not completely consumed, WAIT.
Continue for 5 minutes or until the fish stop eating.
NOTE: Some species, like betta fish, are not great

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.036453
Retrieved Text: If you're of a certain age, you can probably remember your mother lining you and your siblings up to take your dose of cod liver oil off a spoon every morning. Bleh! It's not a taste you'll soon forget. So you are forgiven for being wary about adding an omega 3 dose to your daily routine. But if you know what to look for, then a tasteless fish oil is within reach.Start With Pure Source, http://www.amazon.com/Omega-Fish-Oil-Capsules-Cardio-Protective/dp/B00G1PRRRC What makes a fish oil tasteless? First, Fish oil capsules if it isn't rancid! Sounds awful, I know, but a surprising number of fish oils on the market today are not fresh at all. The fish are left dockside, rotting, as manufacturers bargain over prices with fishermen.
The result? Well, Fish oil supplements would you eat fish that had been lying the sun all day? Me either. Lots of manufacturers do things like add lemon or citrus oil to mask the smell of less-than-fresh oil.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.020454
Retrieved Text: A fishfinder is a specialized type active SONAR used to detect fish at various depths and show the contour of 'the bottom'. The device displays the findings LCD or CRT screen, sometimes in combination with a chartplotter. Unless you have been fishing in the same spots for years, fishfinders help you catch fish. Some are so powerful that you can see the fish and your bait hook. Fishfinders come in all sizes, shapes and features. For very serious fisherman, they are often a standalone unit, like the one pictured above.
Pleasure boaters often buy a combination fishfinder & chartplotter. This system has a GPS, Charplotting Software, a Transducer for the Sonar and Fishfinding display. Generally, the display splits to show where you are at and what is underneath. We offer premier systems from all the manufacturers. Picking the right one for your application can be tricky, so if you don't know what you need, let our marine online techs help you pick the right one for your boat.
years, fishfinders help you catch fish. Some are so powerful that you can see the fish and your bait hook. Fishfinders come in all sizes, shapes and features. For very serious fisherman, they are often a standalone unit, like the one pictured above. Contact us today for a free consultation! Marine Fishfinders All Brands Rugged and reliable, Fishfinders are essential to catching fish these days. Without, the guy in the next boat just caught you fish. We offer Fishfinders from the premier providers Current Indicators Furuno Fishfinders Garmin Fishfinders ICOM

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.98374
Retrieved Text: We provide the Greater Sudbury Area with the freshest fish, and friendliest experience. Come in and see what we're all about, 1167 Holland Dr, Sudbury, Ontario.
We pride ourselves on our fresh selection of fish. You won’t find a better quality product anywhere in the Sudbury. Come see our wide selection.
We have an onsite FISH & CHIPS truck open seasonally from April to October. Come and try our highly rated fish & chips and see what all the fuss is about.
Unlike other fish markets who simply import from a supplier, we go directly to the source, the fishermen. Our fish are caught and transported from the boat, to our store in order to insure the best quality available.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.980511
Retrieved Text: Let’s take a splash into the world of fish. Studies show there is a calming effect on watching fish. Having a fish tank relives stress, overall improving ones health. This is why you find many fish tanks in doctors offices. Don’t forget the entertainment that fish provide. All around, fish make great pets.
First thing before purchasing a tank is to know where you are going to put it. Remember three main things. First is stability. Is it going to have its own stand or be on a table? This is very important especially if you have pets or children. Flipping fish and water all over the floor because of an unstable table is not something you want to experience.
Second, fish tanks don’t do well in a place where there is an abundant amount of sun because algae will form. A green fish tank is not pretty sight. Don’t place your fish tank near heat, air conditioning or exterior doors because you will have problems maintaining constant water temperature. Don’t forget that you will need electricity. Do not use extension cords, you need an outlet less then three feet away. Trust me, its a pain to set the whole tank up and realize there is no outlet near by.
Okay, now you are ready to purchase a tank. What type of fish do you want? Tropical fish or cold water fish. Tropical fish need a heater in the tank to keep the temperature between 74-78 degrees Fahrenheit. There are basic two types of tanks, glass or acrylic. Personally,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.974043
Retrieved Text: Best 21 Cilantro Lime Sauce for Fish Tacos – We are so fortunate to find John Carmona published the photos . We are truly grateful because all of the collections can be located in the Cilantro Lime Sauce For Fish Tacos group. All of them are one hundred percent totally free to download. Our hope is to make you happy as you find your Cilantro Lime Sauce For Fish Tacos group on our website for Cilantro Lime Sauce For Fish Tacos plus Cilantro Lime Sauce For Fish Tacos. We will keep updating a lot more classes and suggestions on our Cilantro Lime Sauce For Fish Tacos.
The images available in the category are all part of your Cilantro Lime Sauce For Fish Tacos. Therefore it is relatable for your Cilantro Lime Sauce For Fish Tacos suggestions. If you feel our Cilantro Lime Sauce For Fish Tacos is your inspiration for your huge venture, just feel free to save them all. Your Cilantro Lime Sauce For Fish Tacos clearly matches with our Cilantro Lime Sauce For Fish Tacos photographs. It is a piece of cake!
What you got to do is to use the ‘right click’ on the mouse and then go saving the information. In the potential future, we will provide you much more HD wallpapers so you should visit again and browse them. Also, don’t forget any update about the ideal HD pictures in the website. Our site has unlimited concepts to stick to. This is the only site and the most trusted one that provides you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.96862
Retrieved Text: I would like to share something about fishing that I have observed over the many years. There is an ever growing thought that when a fish bites your line that you need to get it in the boat as fast as possible. Generally when we love something, we watch it on television to learn more about it and to get more of our daily fix when we cannot do it ourselves.
Recently I was critiqued on my catching methods, as a stranger decided to tell me that I take way to long to bring in small fish after he watched a video of mine. I thought about this long and hard, and then I went to watch the video and the smallest fish took me 15 seconds to land from initial hook up. The wheels inside my head began to turn as I thought about why he thought what he had. My best guess is that he or she was not taught correctly.
Hopefully this will enlighten some people that do not otherwise know. Fishing is a sport that should be done with care, bringing in a fish that is what I like to call "hot" is bad for the fish and the angler. Generally a bass is not going to do much damage to anything besides itself, however I take pride in catch, photograph, release, (CPR) and I want the fish to be as healthy as possible when I release it. Everyone sees the elite guys on television pretty much skull dragging bass into the boat. I

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.952108
Retrieved Text: Do you ever observe how your LFS stocks their tanks? | Saltwaterfish.com Forums for Fish Lovers!
Do you ever observe how your LFS stocks their tanks?
Oh and I got the pic from their facebook page.
Holding it to take pics.
Pet stores...critters are in easy to get to holding tanks to sell the fish, puppies and kittens are in small cages. As long as the holding tank..cage or whatever is clean and the critter fed, it's considered a good pet store. I watched a worker just dump a bunch of new fish into a big tub without acclimation....I was mortified, and I think I now know why new fish are so stressed.
...but the picture on your post just doesn't seem so bad to me, it looks to me like the person is using both hands while gently cradling the fish, and it's being releasing into the tub or whatever it is. You didn't post a caption or what the picture is actually trying to show.
The person that is holding the fish is destroying the slime coat. The LFS that I posted the pics of does this with ALL of their FW and SW shipments. There is absolutely NO reason to be handling a fish like this for a photo op.
Meowzer needed to handle the fish to give it medicine. It was necessary and her pic was informational.
Eh, at least the guy isn't handling it like a mouse trying to get away. He is being careful... And part of the fish is also underwater. I don't see a whole huge

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.951318
Retrieved Text: Like people, some fish would rather live alone while others prefer company. For those that group together, they are termed shoaling fish or schooling fish.
Shoaling fish are an unorganised group where individual fish may not swim facing the same direction. Examples of shoaling fish are anchovies and herring.
Schooling fish are groups that swim together in the same direction, and in a coordinated manner. Examples of schooling fish are surgeonfish and rabbitfish.
But what are the reasons behind such “pack behavior”? Is it simply a matter of safety in numbers? We fished out some interesting information from our experts.
Schooling or shoaling makes perfect sense especially if you’re on the menu of larger fish.
Fish in a shoal have a lower probability of being targeted by a predator compared to fish on their own. Shoals may also be mistaken for a large fish and therefore be avoided by an approaching predator.
Shoals and schools have higher chances of success when hunting for food. They tend to locate food sooner, ingest faster and have more time for foraging instead of looking for threats.
There’s strength in numbers, and there’s love too. Shoals or schools provide increased access to potential mates. Much like speed dating as you swim. Because of that, they also tend to result in synchronised reproductive behaviour, leading to multiple conceptions and consequently births in a restricted time period. That’s what we call a baby boom.
Do you know that by swimming together, the increased hydrodynamics actually allow the fish to save energy? In fact, they can save 65% energy by swimming

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.92806
Retrieved Text: ️ ️ ️ fish have probably heard of all fish www. Metronidazole for all today s likely to 20% off. Catwoman, ️ ️ ️ ️ ️ fish antibiotics amoxicillin petco antibiotics 4 less than what are asian. Started taking otc pet stores like petco free shipping, tempeh, etc. Off ️ ️ ️ ️ ️ ️ ️ ️ ️ ️ ️ durvet amoxicillin petco. She informed petsmart no prescription required pet health problems. Browse jeffers' wide variety of drugs amoxicillin, amoxicillin online overnight shipping. more neither seemed to buy trimox online as it solves the group is fish antibiotics including amoxicillin overdose. 2015-07-21 fish ab that you want something many people have you can click on fish antibiotics however usually.
Started taking otc pet amoxicillin, guaranteed shipping, a stroke amoxicillin, cheap prices. Both are looking for other signs of so many preppers know the fish antibiotics. Has anyone heard of a form of the uses amoxicillin fish antibiotics market in. Ground up to 50% off fish antibiotics amoxicillin 1000 amoxicillin, 2016 - okay so far, penicillin, in infants. Pet meds, cheap prices, ️ ️ ️ ️ ️ ️ ️ durvet amoxicillin fish antibiotics amoxicillin 1000 amoxicillin capsule fish antibiotics. Know the lowest prices on her mother recommended antibiotics amoxicillin overdose. 2018 is this what you can a doctor is sold to treat a neo-predef with every year we have a form. Oh lol, fish zole is prescription check price fish antibiotics amoxicillin for dogs uk, you are looking best pill? 24/7 phone number was ensured by giving amoxicillin

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.923231
Retrieved Text: A very important sports supplement for football players is Fish Oil. Players can consume Fish Oils by taking supplements or eating fish.
The following section will explain what fish oil is and what foods are high in Omega 3 fatty Acids.
For a more detailed look at supplements to help footballers and a nutrition plan to help improve your performance and recovery download our football nutrition plan.
Where are Omega 3 Fatty Acids Found?
The Australian Institute of Sport ranks Fish Oils as a Group B Sports Supplement (Deserving of further research). However, our bodies need Omega 3 Fatty Acids for overall health. They are excellent supplements for all round health.
Fish Oil is FDA approved to lower triglycerides levels but is also advised to help many other conditions.
But how can Fish Oil help Sports Performance?
The Benefits of Fish Oil On Peformance?
This chapter will highlight the benefits of supplementing with fish oil, how much you should take and any side effects that fish oil may cause.
Reduces muscle soreness – Fish oils improve blood flow, which delivers oxygen and other nutrients to muscles and tissues.
Improves aerobic metabolism due to faster delivery of oxygen – which is great for performing for 90 minutes or even extra time.
Reduces Inflammation of tissue from muscular fatigue and overexertion – Allowing you to recover quicker after training, or if you have an injury.
You may see a price increase for the most effect Fish Oils, but the investment is worth it.However, if you are not a fan of taking pills you can get enough Omega-3 fatty acid from

================



======= Instance Index 6117 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Plants are not what?" and the following answer choices: 
- alive
 - infected
 - green
 - animals
 - growing
 - viruses
 - Conifers
 - parasites

Now knowing that viruses are not cells at all, so they are neither prokaryotes nor eukaryotes and all plants are eukaryotes, choose the best answer.

Target Text: viruses

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.496853
Retrieved Text: Garden design – that’s just about where you put plants, isn’t it?
Garden and landscape design are really just getting the planting right isn’t it?
Plants ARE important – they are just not THE most important thing when it comes to garden design. I can feel the tut tutting as you are reading this – ‘not about plants, what’s she talking about!’ You are probably not convinced, thinking you are reading the ramblings of a crazy woman. That’s OK. Like many misconceptions, it’s going to take a bit of persuasion and coersion to set the record straight.
So if garden design isn’t about plants – what is it about?
Well cake, actually. Yes, glorious, delicious, icing covered, cake. Think of plants as the icing on the cake, NOT the cake itself. They finish it off, make it look pretty and make the garden feel like, well, a garden.
Really GOOD garden design is about the shape first, then the plants. Shape is so important because it provides the framework that the plants sit in. If the shape or main body of the garden is well thought out, then the whole garden works as one entity, not just a hit and miss of plants dotted here and there.
They get hung up on the icing. The pretty bits – the plants. If you just focus your design on what plants you are going to put in, chances are you’ll create a chaotic plant paradise but not a great garden. For some people that’s fine. BUT I suspect, not for you. The fact you

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.436941
Retrieved Text: What Are the Best Grow Lights for My Plants?
The post What Are the Best Grow Lights for My Plants? appeared first on TheLAShop Blog.
To find the best grow light for your plants, there are a few things you have to take into consideration. The first is the type of plant you are trying to grow. Plants that have large leaves need lower levels of light, so they should do fine under fluorescent or LED lights. Plants with smaller leaves need brighter light and would grow best under metal halide or high pressure sodium lights. You also have to take into consideration the environment that the plants find natural. Plants that are from the desert, such as cacti, need to have a stronger light, because that is what they have in nature. Tropical plants often need less light, because they are used to growing under trees in a rainforest.
What are the Best Grow Lights for Growing Plants Outside?
If you plant species that are native to your area, then you will not need any extra grow lights outside. If your plants are from a warmer, or more southern climate, than there are several ways to determine the best grow lights to use. Plants that thrive in the tropical and sub-tropical regions need to have at least 12 hours of light, every day. You can use a metal halide or high pressure sodium light that is suspended above the plants, to boost the natural light they get in the northern areas. You may also want to include your light

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.419598
Retrieved Text: Questions regarding living organisms of kingdom Plantae, such as tomatoes, squash, and apple trees.
Where is that lunar-grown cotton seed sprout?
Why did the Chinese send flies and plants to the far side of the moon?
How do you simulate the effects of microgravity on plants?
My team and I are working on planting in space. What equipment/techniques are used to simulate microgravity on earth for such experiments?
Would it be feasible to use natural light to grow plants on Mars?
Can a symbiosis be sustained between plants and 1 person on Mars?
Range of atmospheric pressure and composition for plant survival?
Have there been at least continuous periods of plants growing on the ISS?
Can plants thrive without atmospheric nitrogen?
Why can't plants grow on Mars?
Mars has a lot of carbon dioxide in its atmosphere. It also gets a lot of sunlight. On Earth, plants use carbon dioxide and sunlight for photosynthesis. So, why can't plants live on Mars?
What would be the ideal hydroponic crops for long duration travels?
If we provide adequate water supply will it be possible to grow plants/seeds/moss/algae (from Earth) on Mars? How different are Mars soil from Earth's soil?
How does plant growing medium not scatter around?
Is hydroponics the only viable solution to plant growth on Mars?
What are the criteria to select plants for study in space?
Can plants grow in microgravity?
Do spaceships carry plants? If not, why?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.349514
Retrieved Text: Autotrophic Nutrition: We know that autotrophs are the organisms capable of using light energy to synthesize chemical compounds. They acquire nutrients like some minerals and water from the soil as well as some gases from the air. They are capable of producing large compounds like carbohydrates, proteins, lipids etc. from these very simple substances. These carbohydrates produced by plants are utilized for providing energy in most living organisms and all animals including human beings.
Everything we eat comes from plants why don’t the plants get used up? What are they using to grow and produce more plants, more seeds?
Scientists have been working for centuries to find out how plants carry out their life processes. We know that among all life processes, the process of photosynthesis makes plants the universal food provider for all living organisms.
You had studied somthing about photosynthesis in your earlier classes. Van helmant and other scientiests believed that platns gets food material not only from soil other factors are also there. What do you think are some raw materials needed for photosynthesis?
What could be the end products of the process of photosynthesis? Let us study the process of photosynthesis in detail to find out more about this.
also produced”. This is a very simplified equation and does not reflect the complexity of the process of photosynthesis yet we shall use it for now. What would be the reaction to show that glucose (C6H12O6) is being synthesized?
Animals are not capable of synthesizing carbohydrates and they have to depend on plants for the same. Can we state

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.310331
Retrieved Text: Bacteria – Plants Or Animals? | Medical Division - Articles on medical subjects every half hour!
Everywhere you look, you are bound to find, almost always, something alive. But if most of the times you can easily make the distinction between plants and animals, what about bacteria? In which category do they go? We all know they are living organisms..but are they plants or animals?
In biology, living organisms are classified by relationships between species, and the science of classification is called Taxonomy. Modern taxonomic classifications are based on the similarities in the genetic material that define each organism.
Bacteria are organisms that have a single cell, and can be found practically everywhere, in any environment, not to mention your own body. In fact, you need bacteria in order to survive, as they are involved in all processes of your body. Moreover, the human body may hold ten times more bacterial cells than human cells. Bacteria are often associated with diseases, but in fact most of them perform functions essential for our survival, like digesting food for example.
Until the middle of the twentieth century, the accepted taxonomy (developed in the eighteen century by Carolus Linnacus, a Swedish botanist) divided the natural world into three categories: animal, vegetable and mineral In the mid-twentieth century, however, a new classification was developed, which divided living organisms into five kingdoms, based on the structure of their cells: animals, plants, bacteria and blue-green algae, and fungi.
However, as scientists learned more about microscopic organisms, a clear distinction between plants and animals seemed no longer possible.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.294818
Retrieved Text: Too often gardeners buy plants on impulse. They choose plants for their color, the scent, or because they were told it would be easy to grow. This can lead to an unhealthy, unruly garden full of plants not suited for your home. Before you choose your garden plants, take time to think about what you should grow.
The first thing you need to consider is your soil. Some plants prefer soil that is slightly acidic, some need soil that is more alkaline. Testing the pH of your soil will give you a good idea of what you are working with and help you to determine the right plants to grow. Most gardening supply stores sell pH tests that you can do on your own to determine what soil you have.
You also need to take note of your soil type. Does it have more clay in it, is it sandy, or is the area often water logged. Different plants require different soil types to grow in. The easiest way to choose plants that will grow well in your garden is to look for native plants that have evolved to live in your area. Check with local greenhouses for local plants that are attractive and beneficial.
The next step in choosing the best plants for your garden is to look at what space you have. Large shrubs will over crowd smaller plants in a limited space. Trees too close can also rob water and nutrients from the soil that many plants will need to grow. If you want to grow

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.236317
Retrieved Text: In this article, you will find lists that will help you to make slugs hate your garden.
The article focuses on slug-resistant vegetables and herbs.
Have a look here if you are interested in slug-resistant plants.
Most garden slugs – and humans! – prefer sweet plants.
1 What Makes Some Plants Slug-resistant?
2 Which Plants Are Vulnerable?
3 Which Vegetables Do Slugs Not Like to Eat?
4 Which Herbs Do Slugs and Snails Not Like to Eat?
What Makes Some Plants Slug-resistant?
Most plants have developed a natural protection against slugs.
They either produce bitter substances or poisons that prevent slugs and snails from eating them, or they have developed a smell that deters and repels them (most shrubs, trees, and grasses, for example, are slug safe).
Slugs do not like hairy plants.
Some plants have covered their leaves with fluffy hairs that do not taste good.
Others have equipped their hard stems with pointy thorns, which make it difficult for slugs to reach the juicy leaves.
So, most plants know how to defend themselves.
Some people have observed plants and have concluded that those that are self-seeding are especially likely to be less susceptible.
However, this still needs to be carefully monitored and confirmed. If you have any information, please leave a comment.
Basil has lost its natural protection against slugs.
Through modern plant breeding, some plants have lost their defenses and have thereby become a treat not only for humans but also for slugs and snails.
You can find more information on plants that slugs like to eat here.
Also, the slug-resistance of plants depends on the season, their strength and their location.
Young and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.160899
Retrieved Text: S: Last time we met, you and I were wondering if there might be creatures on other worlds, parts of other worldly food webs, looking up at the sky and wondering if they were alone in the universe, too.
I mean, alien plants aren't out there wondering about anything. Probably. But I wonder if plants here on Earth have plant-like buddies somewhere out there.
Plants on other plants... it's not that big of a stretch. Why?
Food webs, dude. On Earth, plants form the base of the food web. Animals can't exist without them, after all, plants take light energy and turn it into chemical energy. And when animal eat the plants, or eat the animal that ate the plants, they're consuming that energy.
So, plants are vital tot he survival of almost everything on Earth. That means that if you can believe there are creatures on other worlds, you might as well believe there are plants out there, too.
But, how could plants exist on other plants?
First, they need energy from light. Around here they get that from the sun, but on other plants outside our solar system, they could get it from their planets near a star. Alien plants could then use that starlight to power photosynthesis, the system Earth plants use to create sugar from light.
But, they need a few other resources for photosynthesis, too. Like, water and air. Specifically, they need a gas called: carbon dioxide, and a little bit of oxygen to help them use the energy that they make from photosynthesis.
Plus, plants need nutrients to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.145282
Retrieved Text: A generation ago most people said that Australian native plants could not be grown in gardens. It was claimed that they were "wild" and "untamed" and would not tolerate cultivation. Today thousands of people are growing Australian plants with pleasure and satisfaction. There are still failures, but these are more related to attempting to grow plants in either inappropriate soils or in unsuitable climates...and these factors will cause the failure of any plant whether Australian or exotic.
There are still misconceptions about the cultivation of Australian plants and these questions and answers attempt to resolve some of them. Please feel free to suggest other questions that should be included here and, by all means, take issue with any answer you consider incorrect!
If you can't find an answer to your question here, try the search panel above. The answer is probably somewhere on our web site!
Should Australian plants be planted out when small?
Should Australian plants be pruned?
All Australian plants are drought resistant, aren't they?
Are proteas Australian native plants?
Well...if proteas aren't native, what about ericas?
Why do some Australian plants die? Shouldn't they be suited to Australian conditions?
OK....So are plants which are native to my area the best ones to grow in my garden?
Why do Australian plant enthusiasts always use botanical names?
What's the difference between "hybrids" and "cultivars"?
I've heard that I shouldn't fertilize Australian plants. Is this correct?
I live in a bushfire prone area....are there any Australian native plants that are fire-retardant?
What trees and shrubs should I avoid planting near underground pipes?
Why are there white (or pink) flowers on my

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.13603
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / How Earth Works / land ethics / Why Native Plants?
There are misconceptions among people who don’t know what native plants are and why they are so important.
I think the first misconception is that native plants are ugly or un-worthy to grace a beautiful garden. For some strange reason many people seem to think that native plants are the scraggly plants by the roadside. These roadside plants like Garlic Mustard, White Clover and Spotted Knapweed have tiny flowers compared to the large blooms we often see in gardens.
None of these plants are natives, but aliens or even invasive species brought to this land for economic reasons or they were just stowaways on goods brought over.
These beautiful plants are natives.
The second misconception is people wrongly think that a garden or even an ecosystem full of plants from other places actually works. The idea that one plant is just as good as another.
This could not be further from the truth. Here is an example.
Native plants and animals have spent thousands, maybe millions of years living and cooperating with each other. For an example take the common Monarch Butterfly, big, orange and beautiful.
The Monarch butterfly (Danus plexippus) female only lays her eggs on the underside of young healthy leaves of Milkweed plants. These plants include the Butterfly weed, Swamp Milkweed and Common Milkweed among others.
The baby butterflies (called larva or caterpillars) eat the leaves of the Milkweed plants. A substance in the Milkweed plants called cardiac glycoside makes the flesh of the Monarch caterpillars and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.134887
Retrieved Text: Wherever You Are: Greenfingers? Me? Errr...NOT!
Eva is back from France!!! And I am SO HAPPY!!! Hmmm…you guys must be wondering who this Eva girl is, and why am I so happy that she’s back?! A brief introduction – Eva is my Taiwanese flat-mate, who had gone to Lyon/Paris to visit Yves (her French beau) on Thursday last week, AND she had asked me to take care of her plants while she was away.
And why exactly is it that I AM SO HAPPY now that she’s back? Well…I don’t have to take care of her plants anymore!!!
It has been quite a stressful few days for me – taking care of her plants. It’s a known fact that I can’t even take care of a cacti, let alone a proper plant which needs tender, loving, care, talking to (?!), the right temperature, not too much sun, not too little water, and God knows what else?!
So, you must understand how concerned I was when Eva asked me to take care of her precious plants! I kept checking the plants every ten minutes or so while they were under my care! The first thing that I would do when I woke up was check the plants. Every time I left the room and came back, I would check the plants. The last thing that I would do before I went to bed, yep, you guessed it – check the plants! Ayah was with me last week, and he was laughing away every time I asked him to check if the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.124227
Retrieved Text: What is it? Well, it’s my garden. Getting a little too big; yes maybe. That’s why I dig plants for visitors while they wait, take orders and deliver locally, or dig and ship my plants for you. My goal is to make my garden; and yours, more and more beautiful.
Our set-up is a little unconventional. The majority of our daylilies, hostas, iris and perennials are kept in the ground until they are sold. Visits to the main garden are welcome, by appointment, but we also grow plants in multiple “host gardens”.
Everything that we have is grown without chemicals. We grow it all ourselves; harvesting, cleaning and packaging everything by hand. These are full sized plants, not small starts. We want you to be happy with what you receive from us. If you are not pleased, let us know and we will do our best to make it right.
I try to specialize in the unusual, but I do have my all-time favorites. Much of our garden success is what works for you in your special place in the world. Here in Wisconsin it is cold, with a very short season and kind of dry. Our plants are chosen to thrive in northern gardens but most of these hardy plants do well in southern climates too. If not we will mention it in the description.
Catrina’s Garden is a licensed grower in Wisconsin. The garden is more than just plants however. It’s products that come from the garden; hand crafted things, gourmet foods and specialty crops.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.095663
Retrieved Text: Most gardeners are aware of the important relationship plants have with light. We are forever talking about the light preferences of plants. And every garden reference stresses how important it is to provide the proper light for different plants – indoors or outside. If you place a plant that needs a sunny location in the shade, it will languish and do poorly.
Yet, I’m not sure gardeners really understand why light is so essential to plants – and why a sun-loving plant will do poorly if it does not get enough light. And for that I blame the term "plant food."
In ancient times, early farmers eventually realized that if they spread manure over a field before planting a crop, it made the plants grow better. It was easy for them to assume that plants grew better because they ate what was in the manure. It made sense that, just like providing abundant food to a person makes them strong and healthy, the food provided by the manure made the plants grow better. So the idea that we are actually feeding plants when we add manure (or fertilizers) to the soil became entrenched and survives to this day. Am I right? Don’t we all "feed" our plants “plant food”?
The trouble is, we now know better. In the 20th century we discovered that plants carry out a remarkable chemical process called photosynthesis – meaning "to create from light." And photosynthesis, as it turns out, is the basis of life as we know it.
In photosynthesis, plants use a green pigment

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.090815
Retrieved Text: Many times when we decide to add new plants and such to our yards, we often select the plants that look pretty at the time. However, not always do we consider the implications the harsh desert climate will take on these plants, leading many of us more work to remove these plants after they are unsuccessfully acclimated. Are you picking the wrong plants for your home?
Like many things in life – just because it looks good, doesn’t mean its right for you. Be that high school prom dates, the overly priced car, or the plants in your home garden years down the road – sometimes it is more important to think about functionality and longevity than appearances. In terms of your plants, you have to think about what is going to last in your yard with many factors: sunlight, heat, rain, watering – you have to think about what will thrive, opposed to what you will have to replace in a few weeks.
To combat this issue, you need to do your research in what will do well in your space. Are looking for a plant that will be getting a lot of direct sunlight and heat? Dainty florals might not last as well as a succulent might. If you are looking for something to keep bugs away inside of your home, check your local store for plants recommended in your home.
If you are having issues finding the perfect plant for your home, look no further! Give ABC Scapes a call and let us help you find

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.071655
Retrieved Text: Q: What are the best drought tolerant plants?
Living in Arizona can be difficult. But not as difficult as keeping plants alive without water and too much sun. I need advice on what types of plants are best suited for this type of atmosphere.
Plants of the succulent variety would be your best choice, as many are native to this type of climate, and thrive there. Plants like prickly pear, aloe, sempervivums, jovibarbas, and the hanging 'donkey's tail' are all good, hardy succulents.
Oleander is another plant that is extremely drought-tolerant. You might consider this if you want something that blooms, or if you don't like the look of succulents.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.070825
Retrieved Text: Potted palms add drama and height to this beautiful music room.
We recently worked with a client on a condo remodel where we used live plants to add some warmth to the space. I’m not talking about creating a jungle of plants or making it like a garden center – just a few pots here and there.
And I have to say, the effect was really stunning.
But the client didn’t care for it, so he removed the plants. Once they were taken away, the rooms felt extremely bare to me. Seeing the difference made me realize just how important plants can be to interior design.
One of the things people always say when I suggest plants is “Oh, I have a horrible green thumb.” Well, guess what? You don’t need to worry about what color your thumbs are because we have a terrific plant company that does all the work for you.
Interior Plant Service in San Diego comes to your home and assesses which plants will work in certain areas. Not enough light in some rooms? They have plants for that. Worried about remembering to water your plants? They have a system for that too. Wondering how to avoid plants that shed leaves or flowers? They are experts on that.
A combination of a few large and small plants gives the room warmth with little maintenance required.
When you add plants this way, you aren’t just selecting what looks pretty – only to see it die later. Instead, you are bringing in plants that fit perfectly in your home’s environment and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.066861
Retrieved Text: THOMAS SIMONETTI | tsimonetti@mdn.net Daffodil bulbs, like the ones above are toxic. Many plants are toxic, including popular ones, making it tough to plant a garden that doesnÕt include something toxic.
Many people have poisonous plants in their gardens without even knowing it. What plants should people watch out for to protect their kids and pets?
Many plants are toxic, including many popular ones, which makes it hard to plant a garden that doesn't include something toxic.
Dr. Dawn Eby, veterinarian at Northern Animal Clinic, says before planting a garden find out which plants are toxic and, if necessary, install fencing around the garden. She also advises training your dog or cat not to go in there.
Eby said "toxic" can mean different things. For example, a plant can be irritating, causing a pet to vomit, have a seizure or even die. Nontoxic plants can cause vomiting if a pet eats too much of it. So, it's important, Eby said, to know the level of toxicity of a particular plant. Choose options that are safe and avoid plants that are the most toxic as animals can jump over fences, including invisible fences.
"Prevention is the best," she said. "Try to avoid having potentially toxic plants in your pet's environment and call your vet if you have any concerns about what plants are safe. Preventative is definitely better then trying to treat a problem," she said.
Lilies, she said, are one of the worst plants for cats.
People should learning the scientific names of plants because there can be several varieties of a plant.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.039529
Retrieved Text: Why do you love plants so much? Well! I love you too. But I help you so much, these plants don't. They too do a lot for me. I have never seen them do anything, they can't even move. We all depend on plants directly as well as indirectly. Of course not, they depend on us for water, manure etc. We depend on plants for a lot more. Like? Okay! What do we need most to live? Umm... Air to breathe. Oxygen to be precise. Yes! Plants give out oxygen in air. Aaa.. sorry I did not get it. I will explain this to you. Go on.. During photosynthesis. Yes! That's the process, which plants use to make food. Very Good! I've learnt it on makemegenius.com. During photosynthesis carbon dioxide defuses into the leaves through pores and then enters the cell. In the cell it defuses into the chloroplast where it makes oxygen and sugar in presence of light. Also, thus plants gives us the necessary oxygen to breathe and remove the carbon dioxide from air. Okay! That's the point I give to plants what else? What do you eat? Cereals, veggies, fruits. Cereals are our main food. Plants gives us cereals. Examples? Examples of cereals are rice, jowar, bajra, barley, maize. Do popcorn also come from plants? Popcorn comes from corn, when it is heated. Corn comes from the maize plant. This is news to me! Some plants give us pulses like dry beans, pinto beans, kidney beans and navy beans, dry peas, lentils, and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.034502
Retrieved Text: Preschoolers Do The Scientific Method with Seedlings.
Kids are asking great questions about plants at Christ Lutheran Church Preschool and Childcare Center in Blaine, Minnesota. In class they have been learning about seeds, plants, and one classroom’s even growing cilantro for their classroom Bunny named Louie. Students, teachers and volunteers are working to plan and prepare their playground gardens for sunny warm days. Here is one way to incorporate the scientific method into indoor seed starting (or planting pots) with kids.
The seeds at the preschool mentioned here were started Monday, March 31st so we are now in stage 2 of the seed-starting process where the sprouts go from starter mix into the smaller pots then back under the lights until the garden is ready outside. Here’s the link to the blog that explains the seed starting process: http://www.growinggreenhearts.com/blog/, but you could also purchase small plants at your local garden center then transplant them into bigger pots.
This time of year, most of the grocery store tomatoes are shipped to Minnesota from Florida and California. Summer in Minnesota is too short for vegetable plants to produce a lot of stuff to eat! Explore what the children know about the needs of living things by asking, “What could we do to help the plants grow vegetables faster?” Opportunities to elaborate on energy from the sun, seasons, and spring changes are: compare the amount of daylight by sharing sunrise and sunset times for April 21st, May 21st, June 21st, hike around to find signs of new life such as tulips coming

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.033091
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Sick Plants and Problems' started by Froggums, Apr 5, 2006.
When I checked on my plants today a couple of the leaves on one of them had weird burns on them. It looks as though something very hot was lain across the leaf to cause a burned area in a stripe, and the part of the leaf past the burned area is shriveling. I am onloy using flouro lights which arent hot enough to burn the plant like this, and the plants arent close enough to touch the lights anyway. What could cause a burn like this?
lol Thanks Doug. I assume you are referring to my pipe anyway. It is my first and only piece.
Anyway, back to the burned leaf... anybody have a clue what could have happened?
man that is a nice pipe there bro!
like how big are the plants?
what size pots are they in? soil? hydro?
what nutrients are you using if any and how much?
what ph is your run off or ph of your hydro setup?
This is my first grow, 2 plants. They are just from bagseed, set up in a closet. I don't have the money to put together an elaborate setup.
The plants are each about 2 ft tall, still vegging. Haven't measured the pots, they are each more than a gallon in size tho. They are just in regular potting soil. There are some fertilizer spike things I put in the soil, just generalized fertilizer for indoor plants. There hasn't been any nute burn on the leaves since they were really young.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.0257225
Retrieved Text: Also, see our section on Destroying the Myths.
Question: When should I adjust My pH?
Question: I am waiting on my ph up & down or I cannot get to the store for a couple of days to buy my ph up & down what can I use as a quick fix?
Question: I make a fresh batch of nutrients & adjust my ph to the level I need. A day or 2 later I check my ph and it is way out of acceptable range. What causes this & how do I fix it?
Question: How often should I clean my pH/TDS meter?
Question: What type of pH meter is better?
Question: Should I use a time release nutrient or a liquid nutrient?
Question: What causes tip burn & is tip burn harmful to my plants?
Question: My plants have tip burn how do I fix it?
Question: How do I know when to water?
Question: How much should I water when I water?
Question: Is there such a thing as too much oxygen in the reservoir?
Question: Why does my air pump get water in it when the power goes out?
Question: When I mix my nutrients, the next day I notice the nutrients have settled to the bottom of the reservoir. How do I stop this from happening?
Question: Should I use hydroponic nutrients or organic?
Question: How do I measure small amounts of nutrients, like 3 ml?
Question: How do I stop my water pump from becoming clogged?
Question: Why do people use water purification/filtration systems to water their plants?
Question: Which is better Ebb & Flo (Flood & Drain),

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.010058
Retrieved Text: If you are new to the hobby and cannot decide which plants to buy then let us decide for you with our mixed boxes which come in 10, 20, 30, 40, and 50 pots. You can decide what to do with them yourself, be as creative as you like. There will be a mixture of fore, mid, and background plants with NO advanced care plants. These are not second class plants as they are the same plants you would get if you ordered them singularly. Every mixed box varies as it depends what we have in stock at the time of ordering.
5, 10, 15, 20, and 25.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.997516
Retrieved Text: Informational sheets that we have developed over the years. We are here to help!
Over the years we have been asked many questions about plants, gardening, and landscaping. We've compiled information sheets about some of the most common topics. In many cases the information is general, feel free to ask us about the specifics of your plants, gardens, and landscapes. Use the links by each description to view the sheet as either a PDF file or as a webpage.
If you want to create a welcoming habitat for butterflies in your landscape read this. Questions addressed include: Which plants attract butterflies? How can I encourage butterflies to come to my garden?
If you want to create a welcoming habitat for hummingbirds in your landscape read this. Questions addressed include: Which plants attract hummingbirds? How can I encourage hummingbirds to come to my garden?
Hydrangeas are excellent ornamental plants. Learn about some of the species well-suited for southeastern Pennsylvania landscapes. Questions addressed include: Do hydrangeas prefer sun or shade? How should I prune my hydrangea? How can I change my hydrangea flower color? Will a Mother's Day hydrangea survive outside?
Are you curious why plants have different values? Read this sheet to learn why some plants cost more than others and why the plant with the higher price might be the better deal.
Learn about some of the most common causes of plant disease. Before a sick plant can be treated effectively the cause of the disease must be identified. Don't rush to spray it with chemicals, seek to understand what factors are

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.985072
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Aquarium Plants' started by rkpate, Jul 21, 2015.
I have a 125g tank for a tropical freshwater setup and I was wondering what plants I can grow that are easy to care for and good for gravel. I'll have 320 watts of light.
It's not the wattage that matters so much as the PAR and the type of light. Plants do really well with lights in the 6500 K area.
320 watts of T12 bulbs aren't the same as 320 watts of T5HO or Metal Halides. You're going to have to be more specific with the kind of lighting your'e using.
Low light plants should work. Java ferns, crytps, wisteria, vals, swords, anubias should be OK with that light.
Two 3 foot lights maybe cheaper than one 6 footer. You may want to check prices. And check the price of replacement bulbs too.
You may want to look into LED's too. Cheaper to run, in the long run. And you won't need to replace bulbs.
The 10000 K bulbs won't be great for your plants. I'm not sure about the actinic bulbs. I know they're good for inverts and corals, but I don't know if they'll work for plants.
10,000K is fine for plants. I use 6,700K with 10,000K on my tanks.
Actinic bulbs won't grow plants.
@BDpups Have you used 10000 K to grow plants alone (without 6700 K bulbs)? Do they grow as well? I don't have much experience with 10000 K bulbs.
By themselves, no. But anything from 5,000K to 10,000K will grow plants just fine. I like the combo of 10,000

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.966259
Retrieved Text: Question 1 What are natural resources?
Question 2 What is a resource?
Question 3 What are inexhaustible natural resources?Give example?
Question 4 What are exhaustible natural resources ?Give example?
Question 5 What are fossil fuels?
Question 6 Why fossil fuels are exhaustible resources?
Question 7 Describe how,fossil fuels are formed?
Question 8 Give few examples of fossil fuels?
Air,water,soil,coal,petroleum,natural gas and minerals are obtained from nature,so they are called natural resources.
Plastics,synthetic fibres,paints,drugs,explosive are all man-made materials.
Anything in the environment which can be used is called as resource.
Those natural resources which are present in unlimited quantity in nature and are not likely to be exhausted by human activities are called inexhaustible resources.
They can be used again and again.
Those natural resources which are present in limited quantity in nature and are not likely to be exhausted by human activities are called exhaustible resources.
The exhaustible natural resources do not last forever.
Fossils are the remains of the pre-historic plants or animals buried under the earth millions of years ago.
The natural fuels formed from the remains of living organism buried under the earth long,long ago are called fossil fuels.
Coal,petroleum,natural gas are fossil fuels because they were formed by the decomposition of the remains of pre-historic plants and animals buried under the earth long,long ago.
Fossil fuels were formed from the dead remains of living organism buried under the earth millions of year ago.The plants and animals which died millions of year ago,were gradually buried deep in the earth and got covered with sediments like mud and sand,away from the reach of air.In the absence of air,the chemical effects of heat,pressure

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.964758
Retrieved Text: If you’re an already experienced cannabis breeder or an all time avid marijuana user, then surely feminized Marijuana seeds are never knew to you. On the other hand, if you are new in the industry, the name might not ring a bell even to the slightest. But in just a short time, you will probably find yourself hearing all the buzzes about these certain feminized Marijuana seeds. You may wonder what exactly these seeds are and why they have taken the market by storm. Give yourself some time and shortly after you will know why these seeds are extremely popular.
What do feminized Marijuana seeds have to offer?
Since they only produce female Marijuana plants, cannabis production is even more maximized to considerable folds. In the cannabis industry, there is no room for male plants because of their minimal value when it comes to potency. They are even got rid off as soon as they are noted. The female Marijuana plants bear the most value since they can produce buds with high THC content. Come to think of it, if all seeds grow to become female and not male plants, the yield you will later on harvest is guaranteed 100% high.
Feminized Marijuana seeds are highly stabilized through advanced feminizing methods and multi- stage breeding techniques. You can be certain that these seeds will only grow to become female and not hermaphrodites.
Even if the area you used in growing these seeds is just a little space, you are still guaranteed for a higher yield since all seeds will grow

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.937756
Retrieved Text: When you spend a lot of time and money caring for your garden, it can be disheartening for animals like deer to come along and eat your flowers and tree leaves.... 7/10/2018�� Grow plants that deer dislike. This comes with a big caveat � deer, if hungry or curious enough, will eat almost anything. As such, none of the plants that might deter them are a sure thing but you can at least try.
Your perfectly maintained hosta (Hosta spp.) garden may look like an inviting salad buffet to grazing deer. Deer enjoy eating hostas so much that they may pass by other plants �... Not all deer have the same palate, so keep that in mind and watch your plants to see what the deer bothering your yard like. 3. Buy or make a homemade deer repellant.
Deer can be a nuisance that can damage or destroy plants in your yard or garden. While there are many products on the market to keep deer away, most do not work. While there are many products on the market to keep deer away, most do not work.... The other way is to grow only such plants as deer do not like to eat. When buying perennials and shrubs, those that are deer resistant usually have that advice on the tag. When buying perennials and shrubs, those that are deer resistant usually have that advice on the tag.
Not all deer have the same palate, so keep that in mind and watch your plants to see what the deer bothering your

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.922781
Retrieved Text: Identifying house plants can be difficult if you do not garden all of the time. You may have received a plant from someone as a gift and really have no idea what it is or how to care for it. This can be a huge disadvantage for you and the plant. You need to understand what plants you have so that you can care for them effectively. This will also help you determine if it is poisonous to your house pets. With so many plants available to the home owner, it is important to know how to recognize your plants.
Well there are a few different ways that you can begin this process. The first way is to simply take the plant to the nearest nursery or flower shop. There are a lot of people there that will be able to help you determine what type of plant you are caring for. They will be able to tell you what type of needs this plant has and how you can care for it properly. Make sure that you ask them how much sun it will need, how often you need to water it and if it will need any fertilizer or food. You do not want to go through all the trouble of identifying house plants if you are going to let them die.
Another option that you have when attempting to identify your plant is to purchase a book on house plants. You can purchase this book without ever needed it leave your home when you have

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.92031
Retrieved Text: Plants need light to grow and flourish. Some plants cannot survive outdoors in the winter, and if you do not have a yard, your only choice might be to grow plants indoors. Indoor plant growing can be difficult, though. Positioning your plants in a window does not always provide enough light, and it can sometimes be too much direct light. Grow lights are one solution to indoor plant growing. There are different kinds of grow lights and light system setups that vary according to the type of plant being grown. Use these steps to use the proper grow lights when growing plants indoors.
Determine what type of plant to grow.
Purchase the seeds for the variety or flora you wish to grow indoors. Base your decision on the space in your home and the amount of electricity you can use. Vegetable plants require more light than many exotic plants, for instance.
Learn what color light is needed.
Research the plant you have chosen to determine the colors on the light spectrum your particular plant utilizes most. Most plants use the entire spectrum, but red and blue are the most important. Your research should tell you what color your plant craves most. For example, African violets do best under blue light, but they also need red to flower.
Pick incandescent bulbs for a superior source of red light. These bulbs are most commonly used in the home. The amount of blue light emitted from incandescent bulbs is poor, however.
Select fluorescent bulbs to achieve as much as 3 times more light intensity than

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.91662
Retrieved Text: Powdery mildew is a fungal disease that is one of the more common plant diseases that many home vegetable gardeners will experience. Powdery mildew is in the order of Erysiphales which contains one family named Erysiphaceae of which many cause powdery mildew.
Powdery mildew begins on a host plant, in this case one of your vegetable plants, when the sexual ascospores, or the asexual conidia germinating on the surface of the plants leaf or stem, resulting in septate mycelium of uninucleate cells.
Powdery mildew is one of the easier plant diseases to spot. If your plants are affected, what you will see are white powdery spots on the leaves and stems. Powdery mildew is most prominent on the lower leaves although powdery mildew will appear on the upper leaves as it progresses. If left untreated, the spots will get larger and more dense as more spores form.
Do you live in an area or environment where you will experience high humidity and moderate temperatures? If so, then you are more likely to experience Powdery mildew.
So what will powdery mildew do to your plants if not addressed? Chances are it won’t kill your plants, but will contribute to the reduction of fruit and vegetable yields.
While many home vegetable gardeners are looking for a cure for powdery mildew, one simply does not exist. So what you need to do is take steps to preventing and controlling powdery mildew. Two good things to make sure your plants are receiving in helping with prevention is air circulation and direct sunlight. Both have shown

================



======= Instance Index 163 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is used to move people?" and the following answer choices: 
- Lift
 - Air
 - cars
 - Populations
 - wind
 - Raft
 - Move
 - marine

Now knowing that transportation technology is used for moving people and transportation Transportation is by truck and raft, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Raft

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.55558
Retrieved Text: Every year, holiday commercial noise tells me that I ought to ask my husband for various rings, necklaces, and earrings, made of platinum and diamonds, all which tell me in physical form just how much he loves me. And while I wouldn’t turn down a shiny bauble every now and then, in my perfect world it’s not “Every Kiss Begins with Kay”– it’s “Every Kiss Begins With CAD.” If there’s one pie-in-the-sky item I wanted this holiday season, it probably looks something like this. Yes. A 3D printer.
G-Code – The common name for the most widely used computer numerical control (CNC) programming language, which has many implementations. Used mainly in automation, it is part of computer-aided engineering. G-Code is sometimes called G programming language. In fundamental terms, G-Code is a language in which people tell computerized machine tools what to make and how to make it. The “what” and “how” are mostly defined by instructions on where to move, how fast to move, and through what path to move.
Next year I will be prepared.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.401194
Retrieved Text: With singing, the name of the game is to make yourself believable. When somebody hears you sing a song, and they say, 'Oh, that must have happened to him,' that's when you know you're transmitting. It's like being a good actor. You make people feel things, emotions and what not.
To me, music is entertainment - what else can it be? In fact, it's the only language I know of that's universal.
I am very into lyrics. I start with what the words are saying, what the storyline is saying, like a good script. It should really capture me, do something for me. If I don't get it, it's not going to move people, and if it's not going to move people, it's not going to happen.
My version of 'Georgia' became the state song of Georgia. That was a big thing for me, man. It really touched me. Here is a state that used to lynch people like me suddenly declaring my version of a song as its state song. That is touching.
I've always been the kind of person who, if there's anything that can kill me, I want to know something about it.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.294973
Retrieved Text: Usage Note: Migrate, which is used of people and animals, sometimes implies a lack of permanent settlement, especially as a result of seasonal or periodic movement. Emigrate and immigrate are used only of people and imply a permanent move, generally across a political boundary. Emigrate describes the move relative to the point of departure: After the Nazis came to power in Germany, many scientists emigrated (that is, left Germany). By contrast, immigrate describes the move relative to the destination: The promise of prosperity in the United States encouraged many people to immigrate (that is, move to the United States).
With people, does migrate imply many as opposed to one? You might say “they migrated to Australia” but “he immigrated to Australia”? Or for a single person can migrate and immigrate be used interchangeably?
Well, that’s fair enough – we do agree on the definition of emigrate, and you are quite correct in that my suggested use of the term was in relation to where we are.
Which poses the question – what is the accepted usage for relativity ? Should we the speakers be using the term based on where we are, or should we be using the term based on where the subjects of our discussion are ?
ah but you are making an Australia-centric assumption. “Attempt to emigrate to Australia” is correct if you are not standing in Australia when you say it — as most of those poor sods are (aren’t?) it’s late and I’m confused. Do we agree that you emigrate out of somewhere.
As a 4th

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.210129
Retrieved Text: Hole sponsorship, complete with customized flags, helped a client with their fund-raiser.
“Move for Hunger“, a non-profit organization, used Mini Golf To Go’s portable mini golf course as a fund-raiser at the recent AMSA Convention in Houston, TX. Move for Hunger is a cool idea to help people when they move. Move for Hunger works with relocation companies around the country to reduce what people have to move. Many times people “throw away” a bunch of stuff when they move. A lot of that is food. Move for Hunger works with relocation companies to take that food and deliver it to a family in need instead of letting it be thrown away. What a cool idea.
To Go Events was thrilled to have a chance to work with such a creative organization and we wish them the very best of luck.
We delivered and set up the course complete with sponsored and customized flags on each hole. The sponsorships helped them cover the costs of the course at the convention and made it personalized to their event. We’ll add pictures of the set up course at the Houston Marriott Marquis soon.
Our sister company, Fun Fotos To Go, has the facilities to create the custom flags and other custom signage in house, making their planning process easier as they had to deal with only one company to cover everything. Keep in mind that this kind of synergy with our To Go Events Family is one of the many things that separates us from the other guys.
We’d love a chance to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.162186
Retrieved Text: TUTORIAL: "Sonic Mindreading" and "The Charlier Force."
Part of what makes magic so much fun is figuring out which moves work the best in certain situations. Sometimes the simplest moves are the best. Other times more advanced moves are better. This week, Michael O'Brien takes a look at a card force that is rarely used these days and explains why it is rarely used as well as how to improve upon it to make it better!
"Sonic Mindreading" and "The Charlier Force."
The "Charlier Force" is a one handed cut that allows the magician to force the bottom card of the deck. The move itself is virtually identical to the "Charlier Cut." Not many people today use this as a go to force for one simple reason; The move does not look very natural. This week, magician Michael O'Brien is going to show us how he helps to motivate the move and make it look more natural!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.105616
Retrieved Text: Lean has been applied as a toolkit to fine-tune development processes and organisational workflow, but what does it mean when we apply the practices to the detail of the code, the practices used to develop it and the people who develop it? What does Lean Code and its creation look like?
This talk offers a fresh look at Lean principles and practices from the perspective of the code and the coder, rather than the usual scale of the organisation and the development process.
There is a need to move beyond often separated worlds of software craft and agile development, to properly embrace code in its detail, but to also connect it more completely to the flow of business and the intelligence of people around it. To move beyond simple exhortations of clean code to something more human.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.0943365
Retrieved Text: Would you move a bit, please?
Please do is a rather formal answer to a request for permission.
We do not use please to ask people what they have said.
Please is not used as an answer to Thank you.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.081729
Retrieved Text: You’ll never waste more boxes in your life than when you move. I recently moved and posted an ad in the free section of my local craigslist for the leftover boxes and got many responses. This free bulletin board exists in most US cities, and I advise you to do the same.
If you have 20 or more reusable broken down boxes, another option is to contact Used Cardboard Boxes. They will pick them up for $4.95 (proceeds go to plant trees) and will sell them/rent them to other people.
Consider using Used Cardboard Boxes for your next move, and then you won’t have to worry about getting rid of the boxes — they just take ’em right back. You can also rent plastic bins in many places.
Moving Box Exchanges are popping up all over!
Many moving companies also offer a similar solution – Either renting / collecting used boxes or providing a ‘charged for only what you use’ supply model.
Totes are another great option and you can use them after the move throughout your new place!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.080411
Retrieved Text: When SOCOM 4 was first announced at last years GDC, a lot of skeptics and fans alike ponder to the fact that the game will support the upcoming PlayStation Move motion controller. But no worries folks, Zipper assures SOCOM fans that the game will also be compatible with your good ole DualShock controller.
"First and foremost, SOCOM 4 was designed with the DualShock in mind. When we started this game over three years ago, Move didn't even exist yet. I cannot emphasize this point enough: the game supports both controllers. And again, we designed SOCOM 4 with the DualShock in mind. What ended up happening is that when we found out about the Move, we decided to try it out and see if it fits with the SOCOM experience very well. And so far, the reaction of the people that have tried it is that it's actually integrated quite well. The key there is that it's an optional control mechanic, and in no way is any other part of the SOCOM game being hindered or negatively affected by Move's integration."
"It's hard to know how well it works in SOCOM until you actually try it. I think people have some preconceived notions about how effective motion controls are in a shooter game, because up until now, the response time just hasn't been there, the accuracy, as well as the graphics. The PS3 can deliver the kind of realistic HD gaming that I think serious shooter players would want. And I think when you try the Move in SOCOM

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.034446
Retrieved Text: Unfortunately many people don’t understand the difference between actual moving companies and moving brokers. Moving brokers are not actual movers, they do not own moving trucks, or moving staff. They simply connect customers with moving companies. They are middlemen with teams of sales people that collect money upfront and then pass the information on to companies that will actually perform the move.
There are companies out there that purposefully brand themselves to appear as long distance moving companies. Customers contact them thinking that they are communicating with the actual company that will perform their move not knowing that the company has no intention of handling the move.
These companies will ask a series of questions about the contents of the move and then provide a quote which is usually significantly less than any of the other quotes that the customer has received. This technique is referred to as bait and switch and is used to get their foot in the door with the customer. The company will usually then request a deposit which can range from a few hundred to a few thousand dollars. This deposit is usually the moving brokers profit.
From there the moving broker will identify a moving company that will agree to move the items. The long distance moving company that agrees to handle the move usually has to increase the price in order to make the move profitable for them.
When this occurs the customer is losing on multiple fronts. First of all the deposit that was paid is not even going towards the move,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.024824
Retrieved Text: Move Forward! You Haven’t Failed!
Keep moving forward, learn from the past, and a dream home may be possible!
Sometimes when things don’t go the way we’ve planned, we think we’ve failed. I know a lot of people who sit around and stew about mistakes they’ve made, goals they didn’t make, and success that eluded them.
Heck, I used to be that person. I spent a few years really beating myself up for a “failed” marriage and a “failed” career that I’d treasured. What did that get me? Nothing.
I finally turned things around by looking hard at what I’d gotten out of both those “failures.” I got two great kids out of the marriage, and I learned many skills at that job, such as speaking in front of thousands of people, managing virtual teams, and working through confusing management initiatives. All those things have really come in handy.
I took what I could out of those events, then I used what I learned to move forward and make a new life. It’s a great one, actually!
Well, sometimes our goals for owning property don’t work out the way you hope they will. Maybe circumstances have made it impossible to keep up payments. Maybe you can’t do the upkeep needed to sell a house for top price. Maybe you inherited a property and just can’t do with it what you wanted to. Or maybe you want to buy a house, but can’t get a loan.
Are you a failure? No. Not at all. When things come easy, so many people treat it as

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.99221
Retrieved Text: Moving home is exciting but it doesn’t come without its obstacles and actually ensuring that you’re fully prepared for the move should be number 1. But what do you need to think about? What planning must be done?
Two out of three people agree that moving is one of the most stressful events of their lives and three out of three Britons agree that they could have planned the move better.
Choose your estate agent and a solicitor carefully. Having experts you can trust to help you can do miracles for relieving stress – so build a good team of people around you.
Moving home can be fraught with unexpected bills and expenses, make sure you have some money behind you so that these can be easily covered if required.
Visit your local supermarket and ask them if you can have some of their boxes. Supermarkets notoriously stack tonnes of spare boxes in their warehouses and are only to pleased to get rid of them. Visit your local supermarket and get some sturdy boxes.
Make sure you have a great removal company at hand planned for the day of your move. Ensure you shop around a bit to find the best ones possible – I personally have used Move Corp LTD and found them to be easy to work with, extremely competitively priced and a friendly bunch too!
Remember to defrost your freezer!
A lot of people forget that when they need to move the freezer, it should be defrosted first – 24 hours before you leave to move is ideal.
Plan ahead and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.978148
Retrieved Text: How Technology Has Helped Removalists Provide Excellent Services - Something New Everyday!
Removalist companiesalways bring in new technologies and features to serve clients better. As moving demands safety and speed, many removalists have brought elite and efficiency methods of handling and transporting items. Technology has been utilized in various ways to make moving a simple and easy process that guarantees safety of products. Below are some of the ways that technology has been used by removalists to better the services provided to people.
Initially, people used to wait at their destination or travel with the transported commodities. This brought anxiety to many clients since many would wait for their goods not knowing what was causing delay. Nowadays, once your items have been collected, you will be given a tracking code that you will use to trace your items. You will know distance covered and distance remaining which will reduce your anxiety in a way.
Manpower handling was prone to accidents and many packages used to fell and breakdown. Removalists used to damage people’s items and they used to pay for their mishandling of items. The coming of vacuum cargo handling brought safe and speed since once a box has been hold by the machine, it cannot be let to fall until it reaches required point.
Although simple invention, online moving calculator brought relief to many people. On the site, you just need to include the cities and distance will be calculated. A price will then pop out and you will know whether you can afford or not. You can ask

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.957974
Retrieved Text: LONDON: Scientists have developed a computer that can be controlled by the power of thought, a breakthrough which they say could soon help people unable to speak or move.
In tests, reported in the Journal of Neural Engineering, volunteers were found to be able to move a cursor on a screen simply by "saying" words in their heads.
The device, developed by researchers at the Washington University School of Medicine, is believed to have massive implications for patients who have lost the power of speech through brain injury or stroke.
It could also help disabled people control wheelchairs or robotic arms, and could even revolutionise the computer games industry, the researchers said.
"This is one of the earliest examples, to a very, very small extent, of what is called 'reading minds' -- detecting what people are saying to themselves in their internal dialogue," Dr Eric Leuthardt, who led the research, was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.
To develop the gadget, Dr Leuthardt used a technique, called electrocortiography or ECoG, to connect the brains of volunteers suffering from epilepsy directly to a computer.
Electrodes were inserted through the skull until they came into contact with the brain where they could record electrical activity.
The technique has previously been used to identify regions of the brain that cause epilepsy and has led to effective treatments of the condition.
The study used four patients aged 36 to 48. During the trials, the electrodes emitted signals which were picked up and recorded on a computer.
During the experiment, the volunteers sat in front of a computer screen

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.934199
Retrieved Text: An office move can be a daunting exercise for your staff to embrace. Much more than arranging for furniture and equipment to be moved to a new address, office relocations entail numerous activities that can easily be overlooked.
Simplify your business relocation. Corporate Move Consulting Inc (CMCI) brings a unique skill set to the realm of corporate moving. Using our proven 5-step process, we cover every detail of a business move so your employees stay focused on their key duties. We work closely with facility managers on all aspects of your business move from in-depth move consulting to equipment management and office furniture audits. As business move experts, we manage the move and, if necessary, conduct a full decommissioning of your vacated space.
Over the years, we’ve found that we partner with clients to get the job done. What “the job” is really depends, but our clients trust our project management skills and our keen understanding of what makes offices tick. We audit equipment, furniture and staff to give clients a solid account of the people and belongings in specific departments and office locations. This detailed documentation is critical when planning a move but also reduces the potential for purchasing products your organization already has. Who knew the storage cabinets you need are on site but not being used by another department? CMCI knows and saves you a bundle.
When you’re building a new facility, our move consultants can partner with you and your construction contractor to plan and execute the full activation. From handling furniture purchases and installing

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.865579
Retrieved Text: Nobody moves for pure fun. Sure, it’s exciting to consider new living spaces and new opportunities, but that excitement is sometimes eclipsed by all of the realities that come along with a move. Finding a new home, acquainting yourself with new friends, and just learning your way around your new city can be a lot of work. These things can be draining on anybody. But for some people, all of these things can lead to something more serious than common stress: depression. Relocation depression is a serious issue that affects many people after a move. Let’s outline what causes relocation depression, look at a few ways to tell if you are suffering from depression related to your move, and learn how to deal with it.
Even if you didn’t move to another country, you may have experienced a bit of culture shock when you arrived in your new city. If you lived in your previous city for a long time, you got used to the ways people talked and got along. These things might not be the same in your new area. Another cause of depression after a move is missing your loved ones. Friends and family who were once nearby could be thousands of miles away. While you’re still trying to make new friends you may experience feelings of isolation.
The symptoms of relocation depression are very similar to any other type of depression. The tricky part is that because moving briefly turns so much of your world upside-down, you might mistake depression for the normal growing

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.838511
Retrieved Text: Everyone agrees moving is a stressful time. No matter what the reason for the move, moving involves lots of changes, and change triggers stress. However, with planning and a sense of humor you can successfully manage the move and minimize stress.
Purge. The less you move, the lower the cost, and the easier your move in will be. What you cherished five or fifteen years ago may have crossed the line from asset to liability. Get rid of clothes, linens, kitchenware and old sports equipment that you have not used in the past year. Sell, recycle, or donate what no longer serves a purpose in your life so it can be used by others.
Organize. Moving the average family of four can seem overwhelming without a plan. Weeks before moving day, start breaking the big move into smaller tasks when you have time to think clearly and creatively. Notify people and businesses of your change of address, know when to terminate utilities and forward mail. Create a leisurely schedule for packing each room and storage area.
Hire help. Using a moving company for a big move is the kindest thing you can do for yourself and your family. Professional movers know how to pack, lift, stack, and store your items so they will arrive at your new home safely. Get recommendations from friends or go online to find a reliable mover. If you’re looking for a mover in Las Vegas, we’ve got you covered.
Say goodbye. Make time to enjoy good friends and neighbors for your sake and theirs. Some

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.829774
Retrieved Text: Anger, obsession, the mentality to win by hook or by crook, jealous mind, cheating, to ditch people, tricky behavior ...all these can be seen in the living species, specially in a profound way in human beings.
coming our from the main entrance of our house(In Village) and taking a left turn the lane of our house meets one of the main roads of our village, the lane of our house is hardly six feet and the main road(actually a long lane, as can be seen in evry village) is hardly eight feet wide, on the other side of the road there is a cemented bar attached with the main wall of the house of one of our relatives, during the summer days it was very common to experience that two players playing chess sitting on the bar and a small crowd has gathered to see who wins, someone who was going or coming back from market used to stop there and other other passers by also, i used to be one of them most of the time.
Just like prof. Moryarty there was someone who used to throw me challenge in chess frequently, i can still remember the day when he threw me the challenge and with trembling heart i accepted, why trembling? coz if i lose the game then at least for next fifteen days i have to bear the burden of being insulted by him explaining how he has defeated me, but believe me...i never did it with him, putting down someone you cant proof that

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.827018
Retrieved Text: I move more slowly than I used to because I don’t want to miss anything.
I find more and more beauty and meaning in everyday, average moments that I would have missed before.
I need fewer answers because I see more.
I find more people more fascinating than ever because I’m more and more used to being surprised by the mystery that a human being is.
Once again this is from Rob Bell’s What We Talk about When We Talk about God.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.73724
Retrieved Text: Youthspeak: Millenials: Move on? Never forget!
The Marcos family is getting more courageous in climbing the political ladder.
August 21. It was the commemoration of the death of Ninoy Aquino who opposed Marcos rule three decades ago. Unsurprisingly, Imee Marcos had the audacity to urge people her age to move on because the millennials have. Bongbong Marcos agreed, saying he understood where his sister is coming from, that it happened decades ago. He even asked, ‘what else do they want us to do?’.
Both Imee and Bongbong fail to grasp the gravity of what their family did to Filipinos. Martial Law happened decades ago, but Filipinos still suffer from the consequences of Marcos rule. There are families still unable to bury loved ones, unable to stop wondering what happened to them. There are families impoverished because of the billions of pesos loaned outside the country and used to build infrastructures, an argument for the so-called golden age under the Marcos presidency. There are families still traumatized by the atrocities of the Marcos dictatorship. Even after Ferdinand Marcos was removed from office, his family lived comfortably while the Filipinos were left to deal with the mess they made.
But even if the Marcoses let go of their political ambitions, even if they return all the wealth that belong to the Filipinos, even if they acknowledge what their family did, even if they take responsibility for the Philippines’ numerous sufferings due to Martial and Marcosian rule, the Filipino people will never move on. We will remember. We will never forget.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.736728
Retrieved Text: Helping people to create lives and businesses they love.
Would you like more clarity about how to move your life forward? Through coaching, I help clients figure out what they want in life and what steps they need to achieve their goals. I partner with clients to help them create more life balance, career success, satisfaction, confidence, and life happiness. Coaching can be used to work on the personal, like relationship and family goals, the physical, like health and fitness goals or the professional, like moving a career or business forward.
Life Coaching focuses on where you are now and where you want to be. Through coaching, I will help you clarify your goals, look at what is keeping you from accomplishing them, and determine what steps will move you forward.
Ready to take the next step? Reach out and schedule your free sample session.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.7224045
Retrieved Text: Nowadays, work could demand you to relocate to another country. Transporting your belongings and finding a practical place to live is one thing, preparing your kids to relocate is another. Moving may not be as easy for children as for adults. Young ones may need more time to prepare and adjust to the new environment. Here’s how to help your kids prepare for an international move from India.
There is no better way than honest and open communication with your children. Explain to them in detail the reason for your move to help them adjust emotionally. Talk to them as early as possible. This will help them find the time to say goodbye to their friends properly and gain everybody’s contact details before the move from India.
Introduce them to the new country.
Becoming detached to an environment where you have been used to may take a toll on children. India’s culture, tradition and way of life may well be very different to the new culture you’re preparing to move to. Educate your children by introducing them to their new home country early. Research the region via the internet, check out the local foods, nearby amusement parks to your new neighbourhood and possible schools for your children to attend to give them a jump start on what to expect.
Introduce them to the language.
Although English is the lingua franca in India, not all people are conversant with the language. India may have its own style of speaking but the widely used style is more British than American. Most of the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.701119
Retrieved Text: There’s some fixes in there and I spent some of the weekend improving the linter to catch the case where custom tasks are being loaded using loadTasks when converting Grunt files to Gulp.
Remember if you’re reporting an issue, please include your Gruntfile and any messages displayed by Grunt or the grunt2gulp program such as an error or stack trace. This makes it much faster for me to track down the issue and to test it with grunt2gulp and Grunt.
grunt2gulp is a tool for converting Gruntfiles to Gulp.js files.
There’s a new task runner around, Gulp.js, and it’s supposedly very good (haven’t had a chance to try it yet) but there are still many projects using Grunt. If you want to try out Gulp on an existing Grunt-based project, it can be tedious to start rewriting things because Gulp is imperative and based on the idea of streams while Grunt is more declarative.
Click here to check out the source code for grunt2gulp on Github.
grunt2gulp.js helps make the transition from Grunt to Gulp. I used the files on this blog post as a test case, and I also used a Gruntfile from a strongloop project as a test case. Both test cases are included in the examples directory.
What I like about gulp from what I saw is that it’s a wrapper around orchestrator and vinyl-fs and it’s straight-forward. Grunt is monolithic from what I’ve seen and I think moving to Gulp will be a good move over the long-term. However, I think there is still a place for a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.699539
Retrieved Text: Moving (renaming) a page means giving it another name. This is done by using the "move" action of tab "More" at the top. The tab is not visible if you are not logged in. Then simply enter the new name and click "Move page". Normally you would want to leave the "Move associated talk page" option ticked.
The second point is important. By using the "Move" feature, you also move the editing history, which is desirable in most situations. The editing history allows people to see how the contents of the page were built up, and who contributed what. If you move contents around by copying and pasting (not using the move feature), you do not achieve this (see also Help:Tracking changes ).
When the move operation leaves behind a redirect (see Help:Redirects ), it should not result in any broken links except the possibility of double redirects – that is, pages redirecting to "A" which becomes a redirect itself. You might want to hunt down pages or other redirects which link in to the redirect, and change their text to link directly to the new title. The "What links here" feature, which can be used through the link in the Tools (at bottom of the sidebar on the left) is useful when doing this.
As with almost all wiki editing, a move operation can be reversed (by any user). To reverse a move operation, simply move the page back, e.g. move page "B" back to "A".
The page title "B" will still be left behind, as a redirect from

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.691319
Retrieved Text: What is residential freight shipping?
There are actually a couple of different answers to that question because the term “residential freight shipping” is used interchangeably. It typically either means shipping freight directly to your residence, or shipping your household goods on a freight trailer.
Let’s go over some options for both of these cases.
And moving in the winter can be far from delightful. There are a handful of reasons people choose to bundle up and move their belongings in cold, snowy conditions—and lower moving rates is the big one. Winter is considered an “off-peak” moving season, which means when the temps start dropping outside, fewer people move, and so the price to move drops, too. It’s a benefit that makes the thought of a winter move a little more bearable.
Do I need a passport to move to Mexico?
Important note: Effective April 28, 2015, U-Pack has discontinued service to and from Mexico.
Is a passport required for U.S. citizens to move to Mexico?
Yes. According to the U.S. Department of State Bureau of Consular Affairs, U.S. citizens (including children) must present a valid US passport book or card to enter Mexico – whether moving there or just visiting. If you enter Mexico by air, a passport book is required. If you enter Mexico by land or sea, you can use a passport book or passport card.
Do Movers Charge by the Mile?
There are a variety of ways that movers charge including shipment weight, truck size, crew size, or even mileage. If you’re moving long distance, the biggest factor will be your mileage.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.65459
Retrieved Text: People who are still rooted in tradition, and who think they know what is right and what is wrong, will never come to a buddha. They will continue to live their life -- the routine life, the dull, the dead life. They will go on fulfilling their duties as their forefathers used to do. For centuries they have been following a track and they will go on following that trodden track. Of course, when you follow a trodden track, you feel certain -- so many people have walked on it. But when you come to a buddha and you start moving into the unknown, there is no highway, no trodden path. You will have to make your own path by walking; the path will not be found readymade.
That's what I want each of my sannyasins to understand. You are not here to depend on me, you are not here to follow me, you are not here to simply accept me and believe in me. You are here to experiment; you have to move on your own. I can give you encouragement to move on your own, I can trigger a process of inquiry in you; but I will not give you a system of thought, I will not give you any certainty.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.647622
Retrieved Text: It’s amazing how similar the sysadmin problems are to ours: give us CLI, not eye candy, ASCII configurations and APIs. One could only hope the networking vendors would listen as well.
Moving To The Cloud Is Not Cut And Paste. Some people will try to move their existing broken applications to the cloud. Some people have used screen scrapers to GUIze their existing 3270 SNA applications. The results will probably be the same.
The Curious Case of the MBO Cloud ... and some people will move to the cloud just to get the yearly bonus. Fantastic motivation; expect pure awesomeness.
The Recertification Treadmill – great news; I can stop ranting about stupidities in our industry. @networkingnerd is doing a great job.
Cisco Nexus 7000 connectivity solutions for Cisco UCS – what else would you expect from @bradhedlund but another great UCS/Nexus post.
Technology Short Take #9 – Another great summary from Scott Lowe.
An introduction to Net Neutrality. A nice introductory article.
Q-tools: An approach for discovery and knowledge work – a bit academic, but a must-read.
Controller-less WLANs – the controller pendulum is swinging.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.621701
Retrieved Text: looks like you are on the right track to fulfill my dream!
No need to call all those different from us non-technical.
To move ahead as the great international community we are,  each of us has to concentrate on what he likes best or on what he is best at.
Make some technical decisions for the rest of us,  don´t mention several distributions and so for.
Decide on what you consider the best today and forget everything else.
If,  in a few months you wish to review and revise your recommendations that would be excellent.
But today,  recommend only one solution,  the one you consider the best today.
We are proud to present complete and TESTED instructions to run the applications used by the school laptops.
Good only for applications used in the original XOs.
Make sure the instructions do not include "shop talk",  technical words,  abbreviations.
There should be just plain instructions.
Bear in mind quite a few of the beneficiaries of this instructions will not speak English and will have to translate.
Use short sentences even if the text does not result elegant or reflect a high level of knowledge.
Do not assume all the people you call non-technical are illiterate.
Imagine they are good administrators of their time and energy and don´t want to waste them doing what others have already done or do better.
Most people do not spend all their lives learning how to read and write.
As soon as they know enough,  they move on to use their knowledge of reading and writing to enjoy their lives, 

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.617326
Retrieved Text: selecting the one character opcodes?
The codes that tell the machine what to do next (the "Op-Codes) are almost always in Octal or Hex. If you don't know what these are, consider yourself one of the unwashed - and go back to the cave or bar.
The Op-Codes make no sense at all - even the architect has to memorize them.
for years could understand what the 1401 was being instructed to do with out constantly referring to a cheat sheet.
"Was it "fun" or frustrating selecting the one character opcodes?
? for zero and add, ! for zero and subtract, Q for store A reg, lozenge for clear word mark.
Where you torn on some of the assignments?"
Well, there were a limited set of printable characters to choose from. I started with what I thought were the most important, most used operations and assigned the most mnemonic characters to them. After those were used up, I tried to do the best I could, but the effort proved to be too much and I had to resort to 'eeny-meenee-minee-moe'. The Op codes 1-9 makes sense to me, since 1, 2, 4 could combine for the various combinations of Read, Print and Punch. I'd be interested in hearing a better assignment of codes. With the advent of HHLs. the assignment became moot, though still useful when trouble-shooting.
, is natural for word mark.
lozenge, the empty box, is natural for clear word mark.
A is natural for add.
B is natural for branch.
C is natural for compare.
D is natural for move digit.
E is natural for edit.
F is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.609415
Retrieved Text: At this point, the only question is when China and/or Russia back their currency with gold. Most people who follow gold and silver know that gold is going to be used, in one form or another, in the currency market. How it will work, what does it mean for the currency in your banking account, and will it create a black market where money (gold) is used as currency?
Why are China, Russia and several other nations acquiring gold? It could be for gold-backed currency, or to force the IMF to back the SDR with gold. The question that remains will be the effect on the people; what effect will this move have on the gold coins the average person holds.
The manipulation that is policy, quantitative easing (money printing), has run its course. The current system cannot handle higher interest rates as witnessed at the Federal Reserve’s recent meeting when the Chairman stood down after stating there would be another rise in interest rates. Interest rates did not move, and the game is coming to its conclusion. Are you prepared? Do you have food, water, security and insurance in place? If not, you may want to reconsider that position.
How long will it take? We don’t know, but Tom Cloud of Cloud Resources Group Inc. thinks sometime during President Trump’s term. That gives us about 5 years; 2 for the current term and 3 for the next. This would hit the timelines Hall has been calling for over the past 1.5 years.

================



======= Instance Index 3366 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What can be dangerous?" and the following answer choices: 
- dreaming
 - rabies
 - music
 - mines
 - force
 - toxins
 - words
 - viruses

Now knowing that force causes the speed of an object to increase and excessive speed is dangerous, choose the best answer.

Target Text: force

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.594774
Retrieved Text: Do you run a company where you are transporting what could be dangerous goods? This could be anything from radioactive material to sludge that needs to be properly processed. If it can harm people, or the environment in any way, you may need to retain the help of a dangerous goods safety advisor. These professionals have gone through extensive training so they can identify what the hazardous materials are, and then provide a solution for what must be done. In this article, you will know dgsa meaning and its importance.
Safety advisors that work specifically with dangerous goods will be able to make sure your company is in compliance. For example, if you need to transport relatively dangerous or toxic materials, you must have the necessary paperwork to ensure their delivery. Additionally, you may have a colleague that is also using one of these safety advisors that handles these materials. They can tell you where they got them, and then you could contact the job placement board so that you could have one that can evaluate all of your dangerous goods.
What Type Of Dangerous Goods Are They Looking For?
The type of goods that they are searching for are those that are toxic to human beings, animals, or could in some way affect the environment as a whole. There are some that believe that these goods are not really that problematic. However, things have changed in recent years prompting the need for experts in this industry. They can be labeled the material so that it can be properly

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.13268
Retrieved Text: 1.	What is amosite asbestos exposure?
2.	Can asbestos exposure cancer?
3.	What are asbestos exposure levels?
4.	What are asbestos exposure limits?
5.	Is there asbestos exposure risk?
6.	What are some of the asbestos exposure symptoms?
7.	Can asbestos exposure treatment be effective?
8.	Is asbestos dust exposure harmful?
9.	Is a brief asbestos exposure dangerous?
10.	What is considered a brief exposure to asbestos?
11.	Can one slight exposure to asbestos be harmful?
12.	What is the cancer from asbestos exposure?
13.	Cancer from asbestos appears after how long after exposure?
14.	What is known as blue asbestos exposure?
15.	Does exposure to asbestos always cause cancer?
16.	What are the early signs of asbestos exposure?
17.	What are the dangers of asbestos exposure?
18.	The exposure to asbestos dust can cause what cancer?
19.	The exposure to asbestos dust can cause what condition?
20.	Can one be affected by exposure to asbestos symptoms?
21.	What are the first signs of asbestos exposure?
22.	What are the signs of exposure to asbestos?
23.	Can a small amount of asbestos exposure cause cancer?
24.	Is smoking and mesothelioma co-related?
25.	What are the sources of asbestos exposure?
26.	What are the clear symptoms of asbestos exposure?
27.	What are the symptoms of asbestosis?
28.	What are the symptoms of asbestos and mesothelioma?
29.	What are the symptoms of asbestos exposure?
30.	What are diseases related to asbestos exposure?
31.	Is a minimal asbestos exposure dangerous?
32.	What is multicystic mesothelioma?
33.	Is one exposure to asbestos dangerous?
34.	Is there a danger from a possible asbestos exposure?
35.	Can a prolonged exposure to asbestos cause death?
36.	What are the risks of asbestos exposure?
37.	What are the signs and symptoms of asbestos exposure?
38.	What can exposure to asbestos lead to?
39.	What is asbestos exposure?
40.	How long does asbestos exposure take to cause cancer?
41.	How dangerous is asbestos exposure?
42.	What are the immediate symptoms of asbestos exposure?
43.	What are the symptoms of being

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.099885
Retrieved Text: Search for High Creatinine Level Dangerous. Direct CBSi results here!
Search for Symptoms,Causes and Treatments of Kidney Failure.For Your Health.
Explore More Info About How To Lower Creatinine. Visit Here & Discover Now!
Find Dangers Of High Creatinine Levels. Examine Now.
What Are Dangerous Creatinine Levels. Creatinine is the metabolic waste products of our muscles. For healthy adults, their creatinine level ranges from 0.5 mg/dl to 1.2 mg/dl, while people with one kidney usually relatively higher normal creatinine level.
Dangerous Level of Creatinine 2014-08-27 11:58. Creatinine level can be measured to learn about kidney condition, as kidney is responsible for keeping serum creatinine level in normal range 0.5-1.3mg/dl. Well, is slightly high creatinine serious? What is the dangerous level of creatinine? What is the dangerous level of creatinine?
What Is the Dangerous Creatinine Level This article was provided by doctor zhengfalei 2013-09-11 17:04. What is the dangerous creatinine level? Almost all the kidney disease patients know that dialysis or kidney transplant are needed when serum creatinine level, as the higher the serum creatinine level, the dangerous their illness condition.
Doctors give unbiased, helpful information on indications, contra-indications, benefits, and complications: Dr. Jehaimi on dangers of high creatinine levels: Creatinine is non toxic substance produced by the muscles. High level of creatinine are suggestive of kidney failure.
What Happens When the Level of Creatinine is too High?
If the level of creatinine increases, it can lead to kidney diseases. If you have high creatinine in your body, you are bound to feel tired and fatigued. Other than that, the people with elevated creatinine also feel confused,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.013207
Retrieved Text: 2 - Do you hold people who are into extreme sports in high regard or believe they are one card short of a full deck?
3 - In which situation would you be willing to put your life at risk?
4 - Is there anyone who would risk life and limb for you?
5 - Are you closer to someone who is completely risk averse or to an adrenaline junkie?
6 - What things pose a threat to you in your life (think crime, health, financial security...)?
7 - Do you know anyone whose job exposes them to danger, risk, inclement weather or any other negative factors?
9 - What dangerous things do you / would you prohibit your children from doing?
1 - In which dangerous situations do people find themselves?
2 - How can they avoid being in this position?
4 - Do you think dangerous / extreme sports should be banned?
5 - Do you think the world will be more or less dangerous in the future?
7 - Is the world more dangerous now? (video and text) What about the future?
8 - Which jobs involve danger?
9 - Why do people choose to do them?
10 - To what extent should such people be paid more money / given more benefits?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.969321
Retrieved Text: Earlier this year, I attended the QAA Annual Conference in Nottingham to talk about a project on training for postgraduates who teach that I’d been working on. One of the keynote speakers at the event, aimed at higher education policy-makers, senior management, and administrators, was Professor Eunice Simmons, Deputy Vice-Chancellor at Nottingham Trent University.
Eunice was talking about student engagement, and showed us a photograph of students in a workshop using two-handed bladed tools to carve wood. All the students photographed were bent over their task, intensely focused, and absorbed in their activity. Eunice, for comic effect, suggested that this might be because the students were working with very sharp knives, but she wondered how this concentration and focus might be replicated in the classroom.
Easy, I thought – give students knives!
Of course, I don’t mean literally, but bear with me while I expand this metaphor.
What is a knife? Something dangerous, for sure. A tool that can be used to make something. A weapon. Something that must be handled carefully but, with skilful use, can be used to create something remarkable and individual. This definition could equally be applied to knowledge – when learning is most effective it too, should be handled with care, but can produce something extraordinary.
What I’m getting at (which might not be what Eunice Simmons had in mind so apologies to her for going off at a tangent) is that because these students were given a dangerous item that they had to consider carefully, they paid more attention and were more engaged in the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.945923
Retrieved Text: All our lives were in grave danger back then, due to a maniac ex boyfriend, that I dated. A narrative essay is a piece of writing that recreates an experience through. Dec 2017. Narrative essays are written and presented as stories. Sep 2018. Resume writing service near me Landwirt Reporter Sommer 2018. There are just a few images I can. A Dangerous Experience Everyone knows how dangerous experience essay writing can take suffer creative. Oct 2009 - 19 minOur lives, our cultures, are composed of many overlapping stories.
I know this is dangerous territory Im wandering into. Sep 2013. View Damgerous - Dangerous Experience Essay from EGL 1013 at Dangwrous Brown Univeristy. Free Essay: Personal Narrative- My Near Drowning Experience Have you ever had a. Essay on A Dangerous Experience. Real danger of dangerous experience essay writing master thesis oral presentation work that rigmarole, dangerous experience essay writing would be something.
Free The Danger of a Single Story. Narrative essays revolve around personal experiences, which is why some. Argument: Writing an analytic essay requires that you make some sort of argument. Jun 2013. Im going to talk about a time when I was in a dangerous situation. This essay will show the various ways the ordinance will infringe on. Narrative/Descriptive Sample Essay.
Writing essays about our lives.
Mar 2015. There are those incidences that happen in life that are so memorable they continue to linger in ones mind however, dangerous experience essay writing events usually leave. Thoughtless imitation is dangerous. This essay is very well written. Here youll find a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.936811
Retrieved Text: With time we get to find out what is good for us as well as what is bad for us. That is because only with using certain objects and then experiencing what it adds to our life can we decide about the good and the bad of such an object. Asbestos is one such element which was used previously a lot and was later found out to be a dangerous substance to have in any property. Therefore, now, people are engaged in Perth asbestos removal from their property as they want to lead healthy lives without getting into trouble because of such dangerous substances. If you are to eliminate this dangerous substance from your property in the perfect manner you have to choose the right team of professionals.
First of all, you need to understand this is not a dangerous substance which you can eliminate from your property on your own without having any knowledge about the elimination process or equipment to carry out the work. That is why we have to hire a professional team for the job. When selecting the professional team all of us have to focus on hiring a team of experts. Not hiring a team of experts is always a guaranteed way of failing with the elimination process.
The team you choose has to be a team with experts in asbestos roof removal Perth. These professionals become experts in the process after they have been engaged in this dangerous substance elimination work for a long time. Some of these teams have over forty

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.926643
Retrieved Text: Is Traveling Dangerous? How Safe Are You When You Travel Abroad?
Home Lifestyle and Entertainment Is Traveling Dangerous?
Summary: Is traveling dangerous if you don’t know what you’re doing? The answer to that question will vary wildly, in no small part because “traveling” is a very broad term. What exactly do you mean by “traveling?” And where are you traveling to? All things being equal, however, traveling is only about as dangerous as daily life–and the benefits to that travel are incredible.
Is Traveling Dangerous in Modern Times?
Making sure your family vacation is a safe one can be a challenging task, in part because there’s no such thing as 100% safe. That’s as true at home as it is when you’re traveling. And yet, there’s this persistent question: is traveling dangerous?
There are two answers to this question. The first one is that generally no, traveling is not dangerous. The second answer is that, to a certain extent it depends on where you go and what you do. There are certain areas of the world, after all, that are very dangerous (some more so than others depending on who you are).
But is travel in general dangerous? Well, not really, but there are some things you can do to ensure that your wanderings, both domestic and international, are as safe as possible. But there are also some realities you should accept–the main reality being that, in general, traveling is pretty safe.
Many people who harbor fears of traveling are also afraid to fly. Statistically, however, there is no safer way to travel–whether

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.877757
Retrieved Text: Dangerous Goods: Why Do I Need to Use A Specialist Carrier?
The penalty for incorrect dangerous goods transport can be up to $500,000 per company AND per individual.
A specialist dangerous goods carrier such as Chemcouriers has an experienced professional team dedicated to the safe management of your dangerous goods and hazardous substances.
Chemcouriers is the only Responsible Care PRINCE Gold (Premises, Inspection and Certification) Accredited Dangerous Goods Carrier in New Zealand.
Further details on dangerous goods and hazardous substances are available.
What Equipment Is Necessary for Handling Dangerous Goods?
As part of the Mainfreight Group we provide specialist dangerous goods warehouse facilities. These facilities provide an integral supply chain solution and comprehensive inventory management system for all your dangerous goods.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.789595
Retrieved Text: Tracking down severely dangerous materials requires trained dogs and specific tools along with trained men. So, a lot of effort could simply be saved in case the newly discovered method to detect explosives and guns trough Wi-Fi turns out to be effective and can be used on a massive scale.
The team of researchers also has engineers from Rutgers University-New Brunswick, Indiana University- Purdue University Indianapolis (IUPUI) and Binghamton University have published a study this month in which the researchers give comprehensive information about the way in which ordinary Wi-Fi can be used to effectively identify bombs, weapons and other explosive materials that cannot be otherwise detected without expensive screening tools.
“This could have a significant impact in keeping the public safe from dangerous objects,” says Yingying (Jennifer) Chen, study co-author and professor at Rutgers-New Brunswick’s school of Engineering said in a statement.
The system that has been used by researchers is Channel State Information (CSI) from the regular Wi-Fi. First, it can identify whether there are dangerous objects in baggage. Afterward, it determines what the material is and what the risk level associated is. The researchers used 15 different objects across metal, liquid and non-dangerous stuff and tested the detection system. The researchers also tested this across six bags and boxes across three categories-backpack, handbag, and thick plastic bag.
The researchers claimed that the method is 99 percent accurate in identifying dangerous and non-dangerous objects. And when it comes to determining that the dangerous object is made up of metal or liquid, the method shows 97 percent accuracy. The

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.754198
Retrieved Text: The owner of a dog that bites someone else is considered responsible for the behaviour of their animal, regardless of whether they encouraged the dog or not.
But, according to section 17 of the Companion Animals Act 1998, anyone who “sets on or urges a dog” to attack or bite is guilty of an offence.
Even if the other person isn’t injured, it is still an offence to encourage a dog to bite.
Assault in NSW carries similar penalties to encouraging a dog to attack someone, but offences involving animals are generally dealt with under the Companion Animals Act, rather than as assault charges.
What are the penalties for encouraging a dog to bite?
If you have been charged with encouraging a dog to bite, there are a number of penalties that may apply, depending on the circumstances.
Even if your dog doesn’t actually bite anyone, you can still be charged if the prosecution can prove that you encouraged your dog to harass, chase or otherwise attack a person or another animal.
If your animal hasn’t previously been declared a dangerous or restricted dog, you will face a maximum fine of $2,200.
If the dog has already been classified as a dangerous dog, the penalties increase.
The maximum penalty for encouraging a dangerous or restricted dog to bite in NSW is two years imprisonment.
You can also face fines of up to $22,000.
Anybody who is convicted of encouraging a dangerous or restricted dog to attack will also permanently be prohibited from owning or being in charge of a dog in a public place.
What if my dog

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.740636
Retrieved Text: Some Treat Acid Reflux Pregnant between Dangers Of Acid Reflux Meds and Probiotics Acid Reflux that Treat Acid Reflux Pregnant Dangers Of Acid Reflux Meds Acid Reflux.
Some Are Acid Reflux Pills Dangerous What Is A Natural Remedy For Heartburn Heartburn And Prednisone and What To Take For Heartburn In Pregnancy that Reflux Vs.
Jan 19, 2016. However, it can be dangerous to make the decision to stop taking a medication without guidance from a physician. In some cases, stopping the. These kinds of medications (for allergies or acid reflux, for example) are frequently used for symptoms rather than conditions. Decisions about any other.
Compare Is Acid Reflux Dangerous Yahoo with Natural Way To Get Rid Of Heartburn and What Can Pregnant Women Take For Heartburn that Is Acid Reflux Dangerous Yahoo.
Acid Reflux Dangerous Side Effects How To Treat Acid Reflux During Pregnancy with Acid Reflux Damage Pictures and Acid Reflux What Really Helps Acid Reflux.
Jun 15, 2003. With all over-the-counter medications used during pregnancy, the benefit of the drug should outweigh the risk to the fetus. The histamine H2-receptor blockers are effective in treating symptoms of heartburn and gastroesophageal reflux disease in pregnancy,20 but these drugs readily cross the.
Pregnancy can create temporary reflux, whereas obesity can result in chronic reflux.12. The number of people affected by acid reflux is expected to climb higher with the growing prevalence of reflux risk factors such as diabetes,13 asthma,13 being overweight,14 and greater use of ibuprofen, certain muscle relaxers, and.
Azelaic acid; Glycolic acid; Topical benzoyl peroxide; Topical salicylic acid. Some acne medicines

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.678552
Retrieved Text: Over the past few years, there has been a lot of press coverage about the change in penalties for people that cause death by driving. We thought it would be useful to give some information about current legislation. Also, we wanted to clarify what the difference is between death caused by dangerous driving and death caused by careless driving.
What is the definition of death caused by dangerous driving?
Section 1 of the Road Traffic Act 1988- A person who causes the death of another person by driving a mechanically propelled vehicle dangerously on a road or other public place is guilty of an offence.
it would be obvious to a competent and careful driver that driving in that way would be dangerous.
The penalty is up to 14 years in prison, a disqualification from driving for a minimum of two years and a requirement to take a compulsory extended retest before you can drive again.
The factor that primarily determines the starting point for a sentence is the culpability of the offender. This can be very difficult to determine in some cases especially if there are many vehicles involved in a crash.
There has to be a causal link between the manner of driving and the death.
What is the definition of death caused by careless driving?
the way you drive falls below what would be expected of a competent and careful driver.
In determining what would be expected of a careful and competent driver in a particular case, regard shall be had not only to the circumstances of which you could be expected

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.645575
Retrieved Text: What we call fasting blood sugar or blood glucose now in our diabetic patients we see both low blood sugar levels and of course that is very dangerous and a. What is considered low blood sugar during too low’ blood sugar during pregnancy is dangerous both for low blood sugar cause high blood. Low blood sugar in cats. hypoglycemia in cats . the blood sugar, when glucose levels drop to a dangerously low level, a condition of hypoglycemia takes place..
Very low blood sugar levels blood sugar levels in someone with diabetes are considered low when giving sugar by mouth may be very difficult or even dangerous.. How low is dangerously low blood sugar? how low can [blood sugar] 80 can be considered low.. Is it ‘hanger’ or low blood sugar? those living with conditions such as hypoglycemia and diabetes can experience dangerously low drops in blood sugar..
Low blood sugar in dogs. there are conditions other than diabetes that can also cause blood sugar levels to drop to dangerous levels in dogs.. Testing the blood glucose and monitoring signs of both high and low blood sugar are that is certain not to go dangerously low. k9diabetes forum. what’s. Neonatal hypoglycemia occurs when the newborn’s glucose level causes symptoms or is below the level considered safe for the baby’s age. if the low blood sugar.
Testing the blood glucose and monitoring signs of both high and low blood sugar are that is certain not to go dangerously low. k9diabetes forum. what’s. What is considered low blood sugar during too

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.639862
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Is house mouse feces dangerous to touch or breathe?
USA Wildlife Removal Education Guide - Is house mouse feces dangerous to touch or breathe?
Is house mouse feces dangerous to touch or breathe?
Mouse feces pose a substantial health threat. When one discover mice in one’s residence, one of the biggest fears one might have is contracting the disease from mouse droppings. There is all source of scary stories involving mouse feces, alleging horror stories about terrible illnesses and symptoms people might contract from mouse feces. The truth is, mouse feces is significantly dangerous and poses a serious health hazard. But, to what extent mouse droppings are truly dangerous, and what are the things to watch out for In case one find any mouse feces in one’s residence.
The truth is mouse feces are significantly dangerous to touch and breathe. Mice going to leave droppings every few steps they take, and the feces might end up in one’s kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, and many other areas that simply need to be sanitized. In case mouse feces reaches one’s food, hygiene products, and sheets, one going to be exposed to a great risk from inhaling it getting into physical contact using it.
Mice can spread over dozens of various bacteria through their feces. Amongst them is a Salmonella, a notorious disease. This is only one of the possible diseases mice can spread. Mouse feces can spread infectious diseases that can cause serious and long-term health problems, and one should be aware of several things one can do to make sure one don't

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.611571
Retrieved Text: You are here: News > Safety amid violent conflict – Brian Kissock, CSB, reflects on what comforted and inspired him and kept him safe during a dangerous time in Northern Ireland.
Safety amid violent conflict – Brian Kissock, CSB, reflects on what comforted and inspired him and kept him safe during a dangerous time in Northern Ireland.
People around the world have been galvanized into considering what can be done to face up to both gun crime and terrorism. Young folk have been energized to march in cities demanding action. Leaders and organizations have advocated for various solutions.
This entry was posted on Wednesday, March 28th, 2018 at 12:39 pm	and is filed under News. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
« Safety amid violent conflict – Brian Kassock CSB reflects on what comforted and inspired him and kept him safe during a dangerous time in Northern Ireland.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.605447
Retrieved Text: Dangerous goods can be defined as materials with inherent hazardous properties. In the shipping industry, dangerous goods can be anything that—if not properly controlled—could cause harm to the health and well-being to those handling them during transit. Dangerous goods are classified and identified to the nature of the hazard such as flammable, inflammable, poisonous, explosive, etc.
With the potential damage that these dangerous goods bring, the Cargowise Back Office Operators of Back Office Offshoring Solutions have listed a guide and share some best practices to give shippers and carriers a better understanding on how to ship hazardous goods.
1. Identify the hazardous good.
If you are a shipper or carrier of hazardous goods, it is crucial for you to know and understand the nature of the goods you are about to send, as there are variety of restrictions on goods depending on its classification. Always remember that there are many items which could be difficult to classify as “dangerous” as they may not be dangerous by itself alone. For example, harmless products like table tennis balls, nail polish, paint, and perfumes are listed as hazardous materials but they do contain a dangerous component.
International Air Transport Association (IATA) has intentionally defined dangerous goods and made regulations in air travel and due to that, most of the dangerous goods can only travel by ground, which means express couriers will not carry it. With this case, it is possible that these types of dangerous goods could be banned from certain countries, so as shippers, you should definitely confirm that you can import

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.590559
Retrieved Text: Our Blog /2014 /November /What is a toxic tort?
In today's society, many of us may be exposed to a variety of different chemicals either through work, at home or elsewhere. Some may have also heard the term toxic tort and wondered what is refers to. Essentially, the area of the law referenced as toxic torts refers to harm, such as injury or death, caused by a chemical or other toxic or dangerous substance. A tort is a general legal term used to refer to categories of harm that may allow individuals wrongfully harmed, such as injured or killed, to recover damages for the harm.
Toxic tort cases are often mass tort cases and may lead to class actions lawsuits on behalf of groups of injured, or otherwise harmed, individuals. Individuals, and groups of individuals, who have been exposed to a toxic, or dangerous, substance may wish to seek relief through a toxic tort claim against the party responsible for the harm. A variety of different parties, from manufacturers to land owners or employers, may be responsible for the harm caused by exposure to a dangerous substance. Those who carelessly caused the harm, handled dangerous substances that could not be safely managed or concealed the risk of the dangerous substance may be liable to victims harmed by the dangerous substance.
Toxic tort litigation can be extremely complex but may be significantly important to injured victims and their families. Wrongful exposure to toxins can lead to serious injuries and death. Victims who pursue a toxic tort claim may be able

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.568385
Retrieved Text: The FDA is reopening the case of Avandia - a diabetes drug they ruled extremely dangerous in 2010 after numerous studies showed a link to severe heart problems.
It's really uncommon for the FDA to reopen a case like this and actually consider reversing its decision. It's especially surprising because studies showed this drug was connected to over 47,000 cases of heart attack, heart failure, or stroke.
The investigation will be one of the most closely watched drug cases this year. Critics from both sides are already watching the panel closely and giving their opinions.
As a dangerous drug law firm in Kansas City we see a lot of injuries from drugs the FDA has recalled. But we also see injuries from drugs approved by the FDA.
In the end, the FDA decisions don't always determine whether or not a drug is safe. They just determine how the drugs can and can't be marketed and distributed.
You can still be injured by a dangerous drug, even if the FDA allows it to be sold. In fact, many of the most dangerous drugs are approved by the FDA. Tylenol is extremely dangerous, and it's sold over the counter!
If you're injured by a dangerous drug, you should definitely let the FDA know. But then you should also contact a drug injury lawyer that can help you figure out your options and fight for the compensation you deserve.
That's what we do at Castle Law of Kansas City. Our dangerous drug lawyers are happy to evaluate your case. The conversation is free, so contact us

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.538258
Retrieved Text: Standing water where there is not supposed to be water can be dangerous; stay safe and stay away for these 5 reasons.
The City of Kalamazoo is "planning for the worst and hoping for the best" as February 2018 brings record floods to the area. At a press conference on Feb. 22nd, Kalamazoo County Emergency Management Director Pat Wright detailed the dangers of standing water and why we should stay away.
Flooding can make downed power lines invisible but they are no less dangerous.
50,000 gallons just overflowed into the Battle Creek River. Gross.It happens more often than you'd like to think.
Whether on foot or in a vehicle (even a pickup or SUV) there may be obstacles concealed under the standing water that may pose risks.
4. Current can be dangerous.
Not only electrical current (see above) but the current created by flowing water can be very dangerous. Kalamazoo County Emergency Management Director Pat Wright warns "water that is ankle deep can be moving fast enough to knock you off your feet."
5. The road may have washed away.
We have seen record river levels from these rains in Southwest Michigan causing not only potholes but erosion of road surfaces themselves. Water over the road means you can't see what shape the road is in.
It may be inconvenient to detour, you may think you can make it or decide that it looks like fun to play but stay out of the water- it can be dangerous.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.537655
Retrieved Text: What Song Do tu Feel Like tu Can 'Somewhat' "Relate" To On The Dangerous Album.
How do tu feel when tu listen to Dangerous?
an answer was added to this question: What Song Do You Feel Like You Can 'Somewhat' "Relate" To On The Dangerous Album.
a comment was made to the poll: Best Line Of Dangerous?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.533427
Retrieved Text: What is the FedEx Dangerous Goods Shipments handling fee?
Fedex is an excellent shipping source for your mailing needs and can offer you significant advantages in certain situations over the other major carriers.
One of the most distinct advantages of FedEx is their willingness to ship and handle specific-and sometimes dangerous-goods. This is a really useful benefit, but it can come with an additional charge that may catch you off guard if you aren’t prepared. If you ship a mixture of dangerous and non-dangerous products, you can use ShippingEasy's Shipping Rules feature to help you organize which orders may accrue extra charges.
These prices are up to date as of February 2019 however, it is always important to check the FedEx website for the most up to date information and accurate pricing as they tend to change yearly.
Accessible dangerous goods are items that have been indicated as being dangerous and must be accessible during transit. This means that the packages have to be loaded on the plane or truck in a way that crew can access them if needed.
FedEx Express U.S. package shipments: $98 per package.
FedEx Express U.S. freight shipments: $104 per shipment or $0.82 per lb, whichever is greater.
FedEx Express International package and freight shipments: the greater of $153.50 per shipment or $0.83 per lb, whichever is greater.
Inaccessible dangerous goods are items that have been indicated as being dangerous but otherwise do not need to be accessed during transport. This means that the packages can be loaded onto the plane or truck without considering accessibility.
FedEx Express U.S. package

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.487759
Retrieved Text: As you know, in fashion, one day you're in and the next day your skin is falling off and your lungs are melting. SciShow reveals history’s deadliest fashion trends.
Despite these dangers seeming ludicrous, they’re not too different from our modern day trends. From high heels to Spanx, these trends can be dangerous and serve as reminders that history continues to be written.
What are some dangerous modern fashion trends?
Why do you think people allowed these dangerous trends to occur?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.432412
Retrieved Text: Power dynamics, social mastery and owning your life.
Dangerous Personalities describes four dangerous personality types and what we can do to defend ourselves.
The most dangerous personalities are those who behave other normally.
Narcissists believe they’re above the law and above society’s rules.
They will lie, cheat or even kill if it’s in their best interest.
Joe Navarro says that an example of two narcissists Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey Skillingare, the men behind the Enron scandal.
Lay and Skillingare cooked Enron’s books and encouraged their 20.000 employees to invest in Enron, resulting in thousands of people losing their life savings.
What makes them narcissist, says Navarro, is another typical narcissistic trait: entitlement. The two of them believed they were entitled to get every single (stolen) penny.
Barnie Madoff is another example of dangerous narcissism, highlighting a sense of superiority and a lack of empathy.
Emotionally unstable personalities are like victims searching for an oppressor.
They store and remember wounds, whether real or imagined, and use them as ammunition.
Emotionally unstable individuals have a huge need for love but little ability to maintain a healthy relationship. You can find a lot of them in cults because they offer unconditional acceptance without the need of building a solid relationship.
My Note: it feels to me here that Navarro is describing a borderline personality disorder.
Don’t get dragged down into their emotional drama. Be especially watchful they try to blame you for it. If you’re in a relationship with it and they continuously threaten suicide, harm, self harm or hold the relationship hostage, consider moving on.
Paranoid personalities see threats everywhere and from

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.424177
Retrieved Text: Austin Dangerous Road Motorcycle Accident Lawyer | Colley Firm, P.C.
Not all Austin motorcycle accidents can be blamed on another driver’s negligence. Some motorcycle accidents happen because the roads themselves are not as safe as they should be for drivers. In these types of cases, the reason for the accident is a dangerous road rather than a driver error, and this can make determining who was at fault a little more complicated.
While many motorcycle accidents caused by dangerous roads only involve one vehicle, the injuries that result can be every bit as serious as those of a multiple-vehicle accident. Motorcyclists have precious little protection during a crash, and the consequences tend to be both life changing and expensive.
An experienced Austin dangerous road motorcycle accident lawyer from Colley & Colley, LLP can help you throughout the legal process. When poor road conditions were to blame for your accident, you deserve to be compensated by the business or organization that allowed or created the dangerous conditions that led to your accident.
There are certain injuries that are more commonly seen than others in dangerous road motorcycle crashes, such as broken bones. Motorcyclists face especially significant risks during wrecks because not only do their vehicles operate so much differently than cars or trucks do, but bikes also offer their riders very little protection.
However, injuries suffered in dangerous road accidents can vary and range anywhere from minor bumps and bruises to life-altering injuries. Unfortunately, when a motorcycle is involved, there is a higher chance for more severe injuries.
Who Is Responsible for Dangerous

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.35858
Retrieved Text: When driving a vehicle, you may end up in the unfortunate situation that you have to face charges of negligent or dangerous driving.
You need to know the law relating to these driving offences and the possible penalties that may be imposed if convicted of one of these driving offences. The circumstances of each case will determine what offence you will be charged with.
If you were involved in an accident in which someone lost his/her life, you might be charged with the offence of dangerous driving occasioning death. Whether you are charged will depend on the circumstances at the time of the accident. If convicted the maximum penalty is 10 years imprisonment.
In a manner dangerous to another person or persons.
What must the police prove for a conviction?
A collision between your vehicle and an object in which, or on which, or near which, the deceased was at the time of the impact.
In which court will you appear for this offence?
Dangerous driving causing death is an indictable offence - this means it is a serious offence that will be tried before a judge and a jury. So you will have to appear in the District Court before a judge.
What are the penalties if you are convicted?
The maximum penalty is 10 years imprisonment. If there are aggravating circumstances, you may face a maximum penalty of 14 years in prison. In such circumstances, you will be convicted of dangerous driving occasioning death in circumstances of aggravation.
Do you have a defense if you are charged with dangerous driving causing death?
The manner in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.346919
Retrieved Text: The Properties & Hazards of Dangerous Goods course provides you with a comprehensive and in-depth overview of the properties, dangers and classification aspects of each dangerous goods class/division.
Class 1 explosive considerations, including High & Low Explosive classifications, Primary & Secondary Explosives classifications, compatibility groups and explosive mixing rules.
Factors contributing to the dangerous of Class 3 flammable liquids, including explosive limits, flash point and expansion rates, and how these Packing Group assignment.
The properties of Class 4 solids, and how Class 4 Packing Groups are determined.
The properties determining how Division 5.1 & 5.2 substances are further classified into Packing Groups and Types.
Oral, dermal and inhalation toxicity levels of Division 6.1 substances, LC50/LD50 measurements, and Packing Groups.
Extent of infectiousness of Division 6.2 substances, and how these substances are assigned into Categories.
What radioactivity is, and how Class 7 substances are assigned Categories and Transport Indices.
How pH contributes to the corrosivity of Class 8 substances, and how this related to Class 8 Packing Groups and environmental risks.
Class 9 properties and Packing Group assignment.
The level of detail provided in this course is much deeper than in our Beginners & General Awareness courses. Storage, transport and administrative obligations are not covered in this course, and it does not lead directly to a transport licence.
All components of this course are 100% online.
Who should complete this training?
This course is suitable for anyone looking to gain an in-depth understanding of dangerous goods properties and classifications.
Due to the wide usage of dangerous goods, this course may be suitable for workers in a wide range of industries and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.344463
Retrieved Text: A new dangerous driving offence is to be introduced, that of causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
The new offence will carry a maximum sentence of five years in prison and is intended to bridge the gap between the two existing dangerous driving offences.
The measure has been announced by the Ministry of Justice as part of the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Bill and will shortly go before parliament.
← What Can Rural Petrol Stations Do To Survive?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.306349
Retrieved Text: When our schedule permits, here at SafeAir Contractors we offer selective demolition services. If, however, you are looking for a skilled company to provide demolition services, you may be wondering what selective demolition services are. That’s why today we’re going to talk about selective demolition and explain exactly what it means so that you can determine whether selective demolition is right for you.
Selective demolition is a safe means of demolishing industrial and residential buildings. Now, a building can be completely demolished or it can undergo partial demolition as is the case with homes that undergo remodeling projects.
There are a number of reasons why people choose selective demolition for these projects rather than simply going in and destroying it recklessly. The biggest reason, however, is because it’s simply safer.
Going in blindly and destroying a building or a section of a building without knowing what components are inside the building can be exceptionally dangerous. Without proper planning and knowledge of demolition, it’s quite easy for a demolition project to go wrong and a structure to fall in an unplanned way. It’s not just because of the potential for structural disaster that poses a safety risk, though, but also because of the possibility of an explosion if demolition begins without full knowledge of what’s within the walls of the building being demolished.
It’s also possible that demolition by a non-experienced demolition crew can release dangerous chemicals into the environment. For example, without knowing that a building has a problem with asbestos, destroying that building will result in asbestos fibers being

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.297356
Retrieved Text: The Post & Fly team will log your deposited P&F items. Please allow approx 1-2 days from deposit for this to happen. Once your item has been logged you have 30 days to retrieve your item.
When you enter your reference number on the Retrieve my item page you will be offered either a 'Standard' delivery price or a 'Dangerous Goods' delivery price based on the classification of the contents in your envelope. For certain items Collect on Return ONLY will be offered.
Please note: The Dangerous/Non-Dangerous classification is made strictly according to international transport regulations (ADR & IATA) and is completely out of our control. Some items will be available for COLLECT ON RETURN option only.
If your envelope contains any items classified as 'Dangerous' for delivery your items will be sent on this tariff.
Click here for more information about zones and restrictions.
Items classified as not 'dangerous' will travel on our standard tariff.
As an alternative to having your item delivered you can choose to Collect on Return from the same airport you deposited your item. Collection is from the Left Luggage location at that airport.
Items are classified as 'Dangerous' (according to ADR/IATA international courier standards) if they are deemed particularly flammable and have a low ignition point.
Such items which can only be sent on a specialist courier service include (but are not limited to): Perfume/Aftershave, Makeup, Aerosols, Nail Varnish and other flammable items.
If your deposited envelope contains ANY such items it must be sent on a specialist dangerous goods service.
We understand that not all items confiscated are 'Dangerous'

================



======= Instance Index 3981 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What can be dangerous?" and the following answer choices: 
- Pesticides
 - friendship
 - Ultraviolet light
 - love
 - influenza
 - killing insects
 - if humans disturb bears
 - progression

Now knowing that ultraviolet light causes sunburn and sunburns are painful and can be dangerous, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Ultraviolet light

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.594774
Retrieved Text: Do you run a company where you are transporting what could be dangerous goods? This could be anything from radioactive material to sludge that needs to be properly processed. If it can harm people, or the environment in any way, you may need to retain the help of a dangerous goods safety advisor. These professionals have gone through extensive training so they can identify what the hazardous materials are, and then provide a solution for what must be done. In this article, you will know dgsa meaning and its importance.
Safety advisors that work specifically with dangerous goods will be able to make sure your company is in compliance. For example, if you need to transport relatively dangerous or toxic materials, you must have the necessary paperwork to ensure their delivery. Additionally, you may have a colleague that is also using one of these safety advisors that handles these materials. They can tell you where they got them, and then you could contact the job placement board so that you could have one that can evaluate all of your dangerous goods.
What Type Of Dangerous Goods Are They Looking For?
The type of goods that they are searching for are those that are toxic to human beings, animals, or could in some way affect the environment as a whole. There are some that believe that these goods are not really that problematic. However, things have changed in recent years prompting the need for experts in this industry. They can be labeled the material so that it can be properly

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.13268
Retrieved Text: 1.	What is amosite asbestos exposure?
2.	Can asbestos exposure cancer?
3.	What are asbestos exposure levels?
4.	What are asbestos exposure limits?
5.	Is there asbestos exposure risk?
6.	What are some of the asbestos exposure symptoms?
7.	Can asbestos exposure treatment be effective?
8.	Is asbestos dust exposure harmful?
9.	Is a brief asbestos exposure dangerous?
10.	What is considered a brief exposure to asbestos?
11.	Can one slight exposure to asbestos be harmful?
12.	What is the cancer from asbestos exposure?
13.	Cancer from asbestos appears after how long after exposure?
14.	What is known as blue asbestos exposure?
15.	Does exposure to asbestos always cause cancer?
16.	What are the early signs of asbestos exposure?
17.	What are the dangers of asbestos exposure?
18.	The exposure to asbestos dust can cause what cancer?
19.	The exposure to asbestos dust can cause what condition?
20.	Can one be affected by exposure to asbestos symptoms?
21.	What are the first signs of asbestos exposure?
22.	What are the signs of exposure to asbestos?
23.	Can a small amount of asbestos exposure cause cancer?
24.	Is smoking and mesothelioma co-related?
25.	What are the sources of asbestos exposure?
26.	What are the clear symptoms of asbestos exposure?
27.	What are the symptoms of asbestosis?
28.	What are the symptoms of asbestos and mesothelioma?
29.	What are the symptoms of asbestos exposure?
30.	What are diseases related to asbestos exposure?
31.	Is a minimal asbestos exposure dangerous?
32.	What is multicystic mesothelioma?
33.	Is one exposure to asbestos dangerous?
34.	Is there a danger from a possible asbestos exposure?
35.	Can a prolonged exposure to asbestos cause death?
36.	What are the risks of asbestos exposure?
37.	What are the signs and symptoms of asbestos exposure?
38.	What can exposure to asbestos lead to?
39.	What is asbestos exposure?
40.	How long does asbestos exposure take to cause cancer?
41.	How dangerous is asbestos exposure?
42.	What are the immediate symptoms of asbestos exposure?
43.	What are the symptoms of being

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.099885
Retrieved Text: Search for High Creatinine Level Dangerous. Direct CBSi results here!
Search for Symptoms,Causes and Treatments of Kidney Failure.For Your Health.
Explore More Info About How To Lower Creatinine. Visit Here & Discover Now!
Find Dangers Of High Creatinine Levels. Examine Now.
What Are Dangerous Creatinine Levels. Creatinine is the metabolic waste products of our muscles. For healthy adults, their creatinine level ranges from 0.5 mg/dl to 1.2 mg/dl, while people with one kidney usually relatively higher normal creatinine level.
Dangerous Level of Creatinine 2014-08-27 11:58. Creatinine level can be measured to learn about kidney condition, as kidney is responsible for keeping serum creatinine level in normal range 0.5-1.3mg/dl. Well, is slightly high creatinine serious? What is the dangerous level of creatinine? What is the dangerous level of creatinine?
What Is the Dangerous Creatinine Level This article was provided by doctor zhengfalei 2013-09-11 17:04. What is the dangerous creatinine level? Almost all the kidney disease patients know that dialysis or kidney transplant are needed when serum creatinine level, as the higher the serum creatinine level, the dangerous their illness condition.
Doctors give unbiased, helpful information on indications, contra-indications, benefits, and complications: Dr. Jehaimi on dangers of high creatinine levels: Creatinine is non toxic substance produced by the muscles. High level of creatinine are suggestive of kidney failure.
What Happens When the Level of Creatinine is too High?
If the level of creatinine increases, it can lead to kidney diseases. If you have high creatinine in your body, you are bound to feel tired and fatigued. Other than that, the people with elevated creatinine also feel confused,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.013207
Retrieved Text: 2 - Do you hold people who are into extreme sports in high regard or believe they are one card short of a full deck?
3 - In which situation would you be willing to put your life at risk?
4 - Is there anyone who would risk life and limb for you?
5 - Are you closer to someone who is completely risk averse or to an adrenaline junkie?
6 - What things pose a threat to you in your life (think crime, health, financial security...)?
7 - Do you know anyone whose job exposes them to danger, risk, inclement weather or any other negative factors?
9 - What dangerous things do you / would you prohibit your children from doing?
1 - In which dangerous situations do people find themselves?
2 - How can they avoid being in this position?
4 - Do you think dangerous / extreme sports should be banned?
5 - Do you think the world will be more or less dangerous in the future?
7 - Is the world more dangerous now? (video and text) What about the future?
8 - Which jobs involve danger?
9 - Why do people choose to do them?
10 - To what extent should such people be paid more money / given more benefits?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.969321
Retrieved Text: Earlier this year, I attended the QAA Annual Conference in Nottingham to talk about a project on training for postgraduates who teach that I’d been working on. One of the keynote speakers at the event, aimed at higher education policy-makers, senior management, and administrators, was Professor Eunice Simmons, Deputy Vice-Chancellor at Nottingham Trent University.
Eunice was talking about student engagement, and showed us a photograph of students in a workshop using two-handed bladed tools to carve wood. All the students photographed were bent over their task, intensely focused, and absorbed in their activity. Eunice, for comic effect, suggested that this might be because the students were working with very sharp knives, but she wondered how this concentration and focus might be replicated in the classroom.
Easy, I thought – give students knives!
Of course, I don’t mean literally, but bear with me while I expand this metaphor.
What is a knife? Something dangerous, for sure. A tool that can be used to make something. A weapon. Something that must be handled carefully but, with skilful use, can be used to create something remarkable and individual. This definition could equally be applied to knowledge – when learning is most effective it too, should be handled with care, but can produce something extraordinary.
What I’m getting at (which might not be what Eunice Simmons had in mind so apologies to her for going off at a tangent) is that because these students were given a dangerous item that they had to consider carefully, they paid more attention and were more engaged in the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.945923
Retrieved Text: All our lives were in grave danger back then, due to a maniac ex boyfriend, that I dated. A narrative essay is a piece of writing that recreates an experience through. Dec 2017. Narrative essays are written and presented as stories. Sep 2018. Resume writing service near me Landwirt Reporter Sommer 2018. There are just a few images I can. A Dangerous Experience Everyone knows how dangerous experience essay writing can take suffer creative. Oct 2009 - 19 minOur lives, our cultures, are composed of many overlapping stories.
I know this is dangerous territory Im wandering into. Sep 2013. View Damgerous - Dangerous Experience Essay from EGL 1013 at Dangwrous Brown Univeristy. Free Essay: Personal Narrative- My Near Drowning Experience Have you ever had a. Essay on A Dangerous Experience. Real danger of dangerous experience essay writing master thesis oral presentation work that rigmarole, dangerous experience essay writing would be something.
Free The Danger of a Single Story. Narrative essays revolve around personal experiences, which is why some. Argument: Writing an analytic essay requires that you make some sort of argument. Jun 2013. Im going to talk about a time when I was in a dangerous situation. This essay will show the various ways the ordinance will infringe on. Narrative/Descriptive Sample Essay.
Writing essays about our lives.
Mar 2015. There are those incidences that happen in life that are so memorable they continue to linger in ones mind however, dangerous experience essay writing events usually leave. Thoughtless imitation is dangerous. This essay is very well written. Here youll find a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.936811
Retrieved Text: With time we get to find out what is good for us as well as what is bad for us. That is because only with using certain objects and then experiencing what it adds to our life can we decide about the good and the bad of such an object. Asbestos is one such element which was used previously a lot and was later found out to be a dangerous substance to have in any property. Therefore, now, people are engaged in Perth asbestos removal from their property as they want to lead healthy lives without getting into trouble because of such dangerous substances. If you are to eliminate this dangerous substance from your property in the perfect manner you have to choose the right team of professionals.
First of all, you need to understand this is not a dangerous substance which you can eliminate from your property on your own without having any knowledge about the elimination process or equipment to carry out the work. That is why we have to hire a professional team for the job. When selecting the professional team all of us have to focus on hiring a team of experts. Not hiring a team of experts is always a guaranteed way of failing with the elimination process.
The team you choose has to be a team with experts in asbestos roof removal Perth. These professionals become experts in the process after they have been engaged in this dangerous substance elimination work for a long time. Some of these teams have over forty

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.926643
Retrieved Text: Is Traveling Dangerous? How Safe Are You When You Travel Abroad?
Home Lifestyle and Entertainment Is Traveling Dangerous?
Summary: Is traveling dangerous if you don’t know what you’re doing? The answer to that question will vary wildly, in no small part because “traveling” is a very broad term. What exactly do you mean by “traveling?” And where are you traveling to? All things being equal, however, traveling is only about as dangerous as daily life–and the benefits to that travel are incredible.
Is Traveling Dangerous in Modern Times?
Making sure your family vacation is a safe one can be a challenging task, in part because there’s no such thing as 100% safe. That’s as true at home as it is when you’re traveling. And yet, there’s this persistent question: is traveling dangerous?
There are two answers to this question. The first one is that generally no, traveling is not dangerous. The second answer is that, to a certain extent it depends on where you go and what you do. There are certain areas of the world, after all, that are very dangerous (some more so than others depending on who you are).
But is travel in general dangerous? Well, not really, but there are some things you can do to ensure that your wanderings, both domestic and international, are as safe as possible. But there are also some realities you should accept–the main reality being that, in general, traveling is pretty safe.
Many people who harbor fears of traveling are also afraid to fly. Statistically, however, there is no safer way to travel–whether

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.877757
Retrieved Text: Dangerous Goods: Why Do I Need to Use A Specialist Carrier?
The penalty for incorrect dangerous goods transport can be up to $500,000 per company AND per individual.
A specialist dangerous goods carrier such as Chemcouriers has an experienced professional team dedicated to the safe management of your dangerous goods and hazardous substances.
Chemcouriers is the only Responsible Care PRINCE Gold (Premises, Inspection and Certification) Accredited Dangerous Goods Carrier in New Zealand.
Further details on dangerous goods and hazardous substances are available.
What Equipment Is Necessary for Handling Dangerous Goods?
As part of the Mainfreight Group we provide specialist dangerous goods warehouse facilities. These facilities provide an integral supply chain solution and comprehensive inventory management system for all your dangerous goods.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.789595
Retrieved Text: Tracking down severely dangerous materials requires trained dogs and specific tools along with trained men. So, a lot of effort could simply be saved in case the newly discovered method to detect explosives and guns trough Wi-Fi turns out to be effective and can be used on a massive scale.
The team of researchers also has engineers from Rutgers University-New Brunswick, Indiana University- Purdue University Indianapolis (IUPUI) and Binghamton University have published a study this month in which the researchers give comprehensive information about the way in which ordinary Wi-Fi can be used to effectively identify bombs, weapons and other explosive materials that cannot be otherwise detected without expensive screening tools.
“This could have a significant impact in keeping the public safe from dangerous objects,” says Yingying (Jennifer) Chen, study co-author and professor at Rutgers-New Brunswick’s school of Engineering said in a statement.
The system that has been used by researchers is Channel State Information (CSI) from the regular Wi-Fi. First, it can identify whether there are dangerous objects in baggage. Afterward, it determines what the material is and what the risk level associated is. The researchers used 15 different objects across metal, liquid and non-dangerous stuff and tested the detection system. The researchers also tested this across six bags and boxes across three categories-backpack, handbag, and thick plastic bag.
The researchers claimed that the method is 99 percent accurate in identifying dangerous and non-dangerous objects. And when it comes to determining that the dangerous object is made up of metal or liquid, the method shows 97 percent accuracy. The

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.754198
Retrieved Text: The owner of a dog that bites someone else is considered responsible for the behaviour of their animal, regardless of whether they encouraged the dog or not.
But, according to section 17 of the Companion Animals Act 1998, anyone who “sets on or urges a dog” to attack or bite is guilty of an offence.
Even if the other person isn’t injured, it is still an offence to encourage a dog to bite.
Assault in NSW carries similar penalties to encouraging a dog to attack someone, but offences involving animals are generally dealt with under the Companion Animals Act, rather than as assault charges.
What are the penalties for encouraging a dog to bite?
If you have been charged with encouraging a dog to bite, there are a number of penalties that may apply, depending on the circumstances.
Even if your dog doesn’t actually bite anyone, you can still be charged if the prosecution can prove that you encouraged your dog to harass, chase or otherwise attack a person or another animal.
If your animal hasn’t previously been declared a dangerous or restricted dog, you will face a maximum fine of $2,200.
If the dog has already been classified as a dangerous dog, the penalties increase.
The maximum penalty for encouraging a dangerous or restricted dog to bite in NSW is two years imprisonment.
You can also face fines of up to $22,000.
Anybody who is convicted of encouraging a dangerous or restricted dog to attack will also permanently be prohibited from owning or being in charge of a dog in a public place.
What if my dog

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.740636
Retrieved Text: Some Treat Acid Reflux Pregnant between Dangers Of Acid Reflux Meds and Probiotics Acid Reflux that Treat Acid Reflux Pregnant Dangers Of Acid Reflux Meds Acid Reflux.
Some Are Acid Reflux Pills Dangerous What Is A Natural Remedy For Heartburn Heartburn And Prednisone and What To Take For Heartburn In Pregnancy that Reflux Vs.
Jan 19, 2016. However, it can be dangerous to make the decision to stop taking a medication without guidance from a physician. In some cases, stopping the. These kinds of medications (for allergies or acid reflux, for example) are frequently used for symptoms rather than conditions. Decisions about any other.
Compare Is Acid Reflux Dangerous Yahoo with Natural Way To Get Rid Of Heartburn and What Can Pregnant Women Take For Heartburn that Is Acid Reflux Dangerous Yahoo.
Acid Reflux Dangerous Side Effects How To Treat Acid Reflux During Pregnancy with Acid Reflux Damage Pictures and Acid Reflux What Really Helps Acid Reflux.
Jun 15, 2003. With all over-the-counter medications used during pregnancy, the benefit of the drug should outweigh the risk to the fetus. The histamine H2-receptor blockers are effective in treating symptoms of heartburn and gastroesophageal reflux disease in pregnancy,20 but these drugs readily cross the.
Pregnancy can create temporary reflux, whereas obesity can result in chronic reflux.12. The number of people affected by acid reflux is expected to climb higher with the growing prevalence of reflux risk factors such as diabetes,13 asthma,13 being overweight,14 and greater use of ibuprofen, certain muscle relaxers, and.
Azelaic acid; Glycolic acid; Topical benzoyl peroxide; Topical salicylic acid. Some acne medicines

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.678552
Retrieved Text: Over the past few years, there has been a lot of press coverage about the change in penalties for people that cause death by driving. We thought it would be useful to give some information about current legislation. Also, we wanted to clarify what the difference is between death caused by dangerous driving and death caused by careless driving.
What is the definition of death caused by dangerous driving?
Section 1 of the Road Traffic Act 1988- A person who causes the death of another person by driving a mechanically propelled vehicle dangerously on a road or other public place is guilty of an offence.
it would be obvious to a competent and careful driver that driving in that way would be dangerous.
The penalty is up to 14 years in prison, a disqualification from driving for a minimum of two years and a requirement to take a compulsory extended retest before you can drive again.
The factor that primarily determines the starting point for a sentence is the culpability of the offender. This can be very difficult to determine in some cases especially if there are many vehicles involved in a crash.
There has to be a causal link between the manner of driving and the death.
What is the definition of death caused by careless driving?
the way you drive falls below what would be expected of a competent and careful driver.
In determining what would be expected of a careful and competent driver in a particular case, regard shall be had not only to the circumstances of which you could be expected

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.645575
Retrieved Text: What we call fasting blood sugar or blood glucose now in our diabetic patients we see both low blood sugar levels and of course that is very dangerous and a. What is considered low blood sugar during too low’ blood sugar during pregnancy is dangerous both for low blood sugar cause high blood. Low blood sugar in cats. hypoglycemia in cats . the blood sugar, when glucose levels drop to a dangerously low level, a condition of hypoglycemia takes place..
Very low blood sugar levels blood sugar levels in someone with diabetes are considered low when giving sugar by mouth may be very difficult or even dangerous.. How low is dangerously low blood sugar? how low can [blood sugar] 80 can be considered low.. Is it ‘hanger’ or low blood sugar? those living with conditions such as hypoglycemia and diabetes can experience dangerously low drops in blood sugar..
Low blood sugar in dogs. there are conditions other than diabetes that can also cause blood sugar levels to drop to dangerous levels in dogs.. Testing the blood glucose and monitoring signs of both high and low blood sugar are that is certain not to go dangerously low. k9diabetes forum. what’s. Neonatal hypoglycemia occurs when the newborn’s glucose level causes symptoms or is below the level considered safe for the baby’s age. if the low blood sugar.
Testing the blood glucose and monitoring signs of both high and low blood sugar are that is certain not to go dangerously low. k9diabetes forum. what’s. What is considered low blood sugar during too

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.639862
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Is house mouse feces dangerous to touch or breathe?
USA Wildlife Removal Education Guide - Is house mouse feces dangerous to touch or breathe?
Is house mouse feces dangerous to touch or breathe?
Mouse feces pose a substantial health threat. When one discover mice in one’s residence, one of the biggest fears one might have is contracting the disease from mouse droppings. There is all source of scary stories involving mouse feces, alleging horror stories about terrible illnesses and symptoms people might contract from mouse feces. The truth is, mouse feces is significantly dangerous and poses a serious health hazard. But, to what extent mouse droppings are truly dangerous, and what are the things to watch out for In case one find any mouse feces in one’s residence.
The truth is mouse feces are significantly dangerous to touch and breathe. Mice going to leave droppings every few steps they take, and the feces might end up in one’s kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, and many other areas that simply need to be sanitized. In case mouse feces reaches one’s food, hygiene products, and sheets, one going to be exposed to a great risk from inhaling it getting into physical contact using it.
Mice can spread over dozens of various bacteria through their feces. Amongst them is a Salmonella, a notorious disease. This is only one of the possible diseases mice can spread. Mouse feces can spread infectious diseases that can cause serious and long-term health problems, and one should be aware of several things one can do to make sure one don't

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.611571
Retrieved Text: You are here: News > Safety amid violent conflict – Brian Kissock, CSB, reflects on what comforted and inspired him and kept him safe during a dangerous time in Northern Ireland.
Safety amid violent conflict – Brian Kissock, CSB, reflects on what comforted and inspired him and kept him safe during a dangerous time in Northern Ireland.
People around the world have been galvanized into considering what can be done to face up to both gun crime and terrorism. Young folk have been energized to march in cities demanding action. Leaders and organizations have advocated for various solutions.
This entry was posted on Wednesday, March 28th, 2018 at 12:39 pm	and is filed under News. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
« Safety amid violent conflict – Brian Kassock CSB reflects on what comforted and inspired him and kept him safe during a dangerous time in Northern Ireland.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.605447
Retrieved Text: Dangerous goods can be defined as materials with inherent hazardous properties. In the shipping industry, dangerous goods can be anything that—if not properly controlled—could cause harm to the health and well-being to those handling them during transit. Dangerous goods are classified and identified to the nature of the hazard such as flammable, inflammable, poisonous, explosive, etc.
With the potential damage that these dangerous goods bring, the Cargowise Back Office Operators of Back Office Offshoring Solutions have listed a guide and share some best practices to give shippers and carriers a better understanding on how to ship hazardous goods.
1. Identify the hazardous good.
If you are a shipper or carrier of hazardous goods, it is crucial for you to know and understand the nature of the goods you are about to send, as there are variety of restrictions on goods depending on its classification. Always remember that there are many items which could be difficult to classify as “dangerous” as they may not be dangerous by itself alone. For example, harmless products like table tennis balls, nail polish, paint, and perfumes are listed as hazardous materials but they do contain a dangerous component.
International Air Transport Association (IATA) has intentionally defined dangerous goods and made regulations in air travel and due to that, most of the dangerous goods can only travel by ground, which means express couriers will not carry it. With this case, it is possible that these types of dangerous goods could be banned from certain countries, so as shippers, you should definitely confirm that you can import

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.590559
Retrieved Text: Our Blog /2014 /November /What is a toxic tort?
In today's society, many of us may be exposed to a variety of different chemicals either through work, at home or elsewhere. Some may have also heard the term toxic tort and wondered what is refers to. Essentially, the area of the law referenced as toxic torts refers to harm, such as injury or death, caused by a chemical or other toxic or dangerous substance. A tort is a general legal term used to refer to categories of harm that may allow individuals wrongfully harmed, such as injured or killed, to recover damages for the harm.
Toxic tort cases are often mass tort cases and may lead to class actions lawsuits on behalf of groups of injured, or otherwise harmed, individuals. Individuals, and groups of individuals, who have been exposed to a toxic, or dangerous, substance may wish to seek relief through a toxic tort claim against the party responsible for the harm. A variety of different parties, from manufacturers to land owners or employers, may be responsible for the harm caused by exposure to a dangerous substance. Those who carelessly caused the harm, handled dangerous substances that could not be safely managed or concealed the risk of the dangerous substance may be liable to victims harmed by the dangerous substance.
Toxic tort litigation can be extremely complex but may be significantly important to injured victims and their families. Wrongful exposure to toxins can lead to serious injuries and death. Victims who pursue a toxic tort claim may be able

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.568385
Retrieved Text: The FDA is reopening the case of Avandia - a diabetes drug they ruled extremely dangerous in 2010 after numerous studies showed a link to severe heart problems.
It's really uncommon for the FDA to reopen a case like this and actually consider reversing its decision. It's especially surprising because studies showed this drug was connected to over 47,000 cases of heart attack, heart failure, or stroke.
The investigation will be one of the most closely watched drug cases this year. Critics from both sides are already watching the panel closely and giving their opinions.
As a dangerous drug law firm in Kansas City we see a lot of injuries from drugs the FDA has recalled. But we also see injuries from drugs approved by the FDA.
In the end, the FDA decisions don't always determine whether or not a drug is safe. They just determine how the drugs can and can't be marketed and distributed.
You can still be injured by a dangerous drug, even if the FDA allows it to be sold. In fact, many of the most dangerous drugs are approved by the FDA. Tylenol is extremely dangerous, and it's sold over the counter!
If you're injured by a dangerous drug, you should definitely let the FDA know. But then you should also contact a drug injury lawyer that can help you figure out your options and fight for the compensation you deserve.
That's what we do at Castle Law of Kansas City. Our dangerous drug lawyers are happy to evaluate your case. The conversation is free, so contact us

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.538258
Retrieved Text: Standing water where there is not supposed to be water can be dangerous; stay safe and stay away for these 5 reasons.
The City of Kalamazoo is "planning for the worst and hoping for the best" as February 2018 brings record floods to the area. At a press conference on Feb. 22nd, Kalamazoo County Emergency Management Director Pat Wright detailed the dangers of standing water and why we should stay away.
Flooding can make downed power lines invisible but they are no less dangerous.
50,000 gallons just overflowed into the Battle Creek River. Gross.It happens more often than you'd like to think.
Whether on foot or in a vehicle (even a pickup or SUV) there may be obstacles concealed under the standing water that may pose risks.
4. Current can be dangerous.
Not only electrical current (see above) but the current created by flowing water can be very dangerous. Kalamazoo County Emergency Management Director Pat Wright warns "water that is ankle deep can be moving fast enough to knock you off your feet."
5. The road may have washed away.
We have seen record river levels from these rains in Southwest Michigan causing not only potholes but erosion of road surfaces themselves. Water over the road means you can't see what shape the road is in.
It may be inconvenient to detour, you may think you can make it or decide that it looks like fun to play but stay out of the water- it can be dangerous.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.537655
Retrieved Text: What Song Do tu Feel Like tu Can 'Somewhat' "Relate" To On The Dangerous Album.
How do tu feel when tu listen to Dangerous?
an answer was added to this question: What Song Do You Feel Like You Can 'Somewhat' "Relate" To On The Dangerous Album.
a comment was made to the poll: Best Line Of Dangerous?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.533427
Retrieved Text: What is the FedEx Dangerous Goods Shipments handling fee?
Fedex is an excellent shipping source for your mailing needs and can offer you significant advantages in certain situations over the other major carriers.
One of the most distinct advantages of FedEx is their willingness to ship and handle specific-and sometimes dangerous-goods. This is a really useful benefit, but it can come with an additional charge that may catch you off guard if you aren’t prepared. If you ship a mixture of dangerous and non-dangerous products, you can use ShippingEasy's Shipping Rules feature to help you organize which orders may accrue extra charges.
These prices are up to date as of February 2019 however, it is always important to check the FedEx website for the most up to date information and accurate pricing as they tend to change yearly.
Accessible dangerous goods are items that have been indicated as being dangerous and must be accessible during transit. This means that the packages have to be loaded on the plane or truck in a way that crew can access them if needed.
FedEx Express U.S. package shipments: $98 per package.
FedEx Express U.S. freight shipments: $104 per shipment or $0.82 per lb, whichever is greater.
FedEx Express International package and freight shipments: the greater of $153.50 per shipment or $0.83 per lb, whichever is greater.
Inaccessible dangerous goods are items that have been indicated as being dangerous but otherwise do not need to be accessed during transport. This means that the packages can be loaded onto the plane or truck without considering accessibility.
FedEx Express U.S. package

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.487759
Retrieved Text: As you know, in fashion, one day you're in and the next day your skin is falling off and your lungs are melting. SciShow reveals history’s deadliest fashion trends.
Despite these dangers seeming ludicrous, they’re not too different from our modern day trends. From high heels to Spanx, these trends can be dangerous and serve as reminders that history continues to be written.
What are some dangerous modern fashion trends?
Why do you think people allowed these dangerous trends to occur?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.432412
Retrieved Text: Power dynamics, social mastery and owning your life.
Dangerous Personalities describes four dangerous personality types and what we can do to defend ourselves.
The most dangerous personalities are those who behave other normally.
Narcissists believe they’re above the law and above society’s rules.
They will lie, cheat or even kill if it’s in their best interest.
Joe Navarro says that an example of two narcissists Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey Skillingare, the men behind the Enron scandal.
Lay and Skillingare cooked Enron’s books and encouraged their 20.000 employees to invest in Enron, resulting in thousands of people losing their life savings.
What makes them narcissist, says Navarro, is another typical narcissistic trait: entitlement. The two of them believed they were entitled to get every single (stolen) penny.
Barnie Madoff is another example of dangerous narcissism, highlighting a sense of superiority and a lack of empathy.
Emotionally unstable personalities are like victims searching for an oppressor.
They store and remember wounds, whether real or imagined, and use them as ammunition.
Emotionally unstable individuals have a huge need for love but little ability to maintain a healthy relationship. You can find a lot of them in cults because they offer unconditional acceptance without the need of building a solid relationship.
My Note: it feels to me here that Navarro is describing a borderline personality disorder.
Don’t get dragged down into their emotional drama. Be especially watchful they try to blame you for it. If you’re in a relationship with it and they continuously threaten suicide, harm, self harm or hold the relationship hostage, consider moving on.
Paranoid personalities see threats everywhere and from

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.424177
Retrieved Text: Austin Dangerous Road Motorcycle Accident Lawyer | Colley Firm, P.C.
Not all Austin motorcycle accidents can be blamed on another driver’s negligence. Some motorcycle accidents happen because the roads themselves are not as safe as they should be for drivers. In these types of cases, the reason for the accident is a dangerous road rather than a driver error, and this can make determining who was at fault a little more complicated.
While many motorcycle accidents caused by dangerous roads only involve one vehicle, the injuries that result can be every bit as serious as those of a multiple-vehicle accident. Motorcyclists have precious little protection during a crash, and the consequences tend to be both life changing and expensive.
An experienced Austin dangerous road motorcycle accident lawyer from Colley & Colley, LLP can help you throughout the legal process. When poor road conditions were to blame for your accident, you deserve to be compensated by the business or organization that allowed or created the dangerous conditions that led to your accident.
There are certain injuries that are more commonly seen than others in dangerous road motorcycle crashes, such as broken bones. Motorcyclists face especially significant risks during wrecks because not only do their vehicles operate so much differently than cars or trucks do, but bikes also offer their riders very little protection.
However, injuries suffered in dangerous road accidents can vary and range anywhere from minor bumps and bruises to life-altering injuries. Unfortunately, when a motorcycle is involved, there is a higher chance for more severe injuries.
Who Is Responsible for Dangerous

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.35858
Retrieved Text: When driving a vehicle, you may end up in the unfortunate situation that you have to face charges of negligent or dangerous driving.
You need to know the law relating to these driving offences and the possible penalties that may be imposed if convicted of one of these driving offences. The circumstances of each case will determine what offence you will be charged with.
If you were involved in an accident in which someone lost his/her life, you might be charged with the offence of dangerous driving occasioning death. Whether you are charged will depend on the circumstances at the time of the accident. If convicted the maximum penalty is 10 years imprisonment.
In a manner dangerous to another person or persons.
What must the police prove for a conviction?
A collision between your vehicle and an object in which, or on which, or near which, the deceased was at the time of the impact.
In which court will you appear for this offence?
Dangerous driving causing death is an indictable offence - this means it is a serious offence that will be tried before a judge and a jury. So you will have to appear in the District Court before a judge.
What are the penalties if you are convicted?
The maximum penalty is 10 years imprisonment. If there are aggravating circumstances, you may face a maximum penalty of 14 years in prison. In such circumstances, you will be convicted of dangerous driving occasioning death in circumstances of aggravation.
Do you have a defense if you are charged with dangerous driving causing death?
The manner in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.346919
Retrieved Text: The Properties & Hazards of Dangerous Goods course provides you with a comprehensive and in-depth overview of the properties, dangers and classification aspects of each dangerous goods class/division.
Class 1 explosive considerations, including High & Low Explosive classifications, Primary & Secondary Explosives classifications, compatibility groups and explosive mixing rules.
Factors contributing to the dangerous of Class 3 flammable liquids, including explosive limits, flash point and expansion rates, and how these Packing Group assignment.
The properties of Class 4 solids, and how Class 4 Packing Groups are determined.
The properties determining how Division 5.1 & 5.2 substances are further classified into Packing Groups and Types.
Oral, dermal and inhalation toxicity levels of Division 6.1 substances, LC50/LD50 measurements, and Packing Groups.
Extent of infectiousness of Division 6.2 substances, and how these substances are assigned into Categories.
What radioactivity is, and how Class 7 substances are assigned Categories and Transport Indices.
How pH contributes to the corrosivity of Class 8 substances, and how this related to Class 8 Packing Groups and environmental risks.
Class 9 properties and Packing Group assignment.
The level of detail provided in this course is much deeper than in our Beginners & General Awareness courses. Storage, transport and administrative obligations are not covered in this course, and it does not lead directly to a transport licence.
All components of this course are 100% online.
Who should complete this training?
This course is suitable for anyone looking to gain an in-depth understanding of dangerous goods properties and classifications.
Due to the wide usage of dangerous goods, this course may be suitable for workers in a wide range of industries and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.344463
Retrieved Text: A new dangerous driving offence is to be introduced, that of causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
The new offence will carry a maximum sentence of five years in prison and is intended to bridge the gap between the two existing dangerous driving offences.
The measure has been announced by the Ministry of Justice as part of the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Bill and will shortly go before parliament.
← What Can Rural Petrol Stations Do To Survive?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.306349
Retrieved Text: When our schedule permits, here at SafeAir Contractors we offer selective demolition services. If, however, you are looking for a skilled company to provide demolition services, you may be wondering what selective demolition services are. That’s why today we’re going to talk about selective demolition and explain exactly what it means so that you can determine whether selective demolition is right for you.
Selective demolition is a safe means of demolishing industrial and residential buildings. Now, a building can be completely demolished or it can undergo partial demolition as is the case with homes that undergo remodeling projects.
There are a number of reasons why people choose selective demolition for these projects rather than simply going in and destroying it recklessly. The biggest reason, however, is because it’s simply safer.
Going in blindly and destroying a building or a section of a building without knowing what components are inside the building can be exceptionally dangerous. Without proper planning and knowledge of demolition, it’s quite easy for a demolition project to go wrong and a structure to fall in an unplanned way. It’s not just because of the potential for structural disaster that poses a safety risk, though, but also because of the possibility of an explosion if demolition begins without full knowledge of what’s within the walls of the building being demolished.
It’s also possible that demolition by a non-experienced demolition crew can release dangerous chemicals into the environment. For example, without knowing that a building has a problem with asbestos, destroying that building will result in asbestos fibers being

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.297356
Retrieved Text: The Post & Fly team will log your deposited P&F items. Please allow approx 1-2 days from deposit for this to happen. Once your item has been logged you have 30 days to retrieve your item.
When you enter your reference number on the Retrieve my item page you will be offered either a 'Standard' delivery price or a 'Dangerous Goods' delivery price based on the classification of the contents in your envelope. For certain items Collect on Return ONLY will be offered.
Please note: The Dangerous/Non-Dangerous classification is made strictly according to international transport regulations (ADR & IATA) and is completely out of our control. Some items will be available for COLLECT ON RETURN option only.
If your envelope contains any items classified as 'Dangerous' for delivery your items will be sent on this tariff.
Click here for more information about zones and restrictions.
Items classified as not 'dangerous' will travel on our standard tariff.
As an alternative to having your item delivered you can choose to Collect on Return from the same airport you deposited your item. Collection is from the Left Luggage location at that airport.
Items are classified as 'Dangerous' (according to ADR/IATA international courier standards) if they are deemed particularly flammable and have a low ignition point.
Such items which can only be sent on a specialist courier service include (but are not limited to): Perfume/Aftershave, Makeup, Aerosols, Nail Varnish and other flammable items.
If your deposited envelope contains ANY such items it must be sent on a specialist dangerous goods service.
We understand that not all items confiscated are 'Dangerous'

================



======= Instance Index 1945 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what is a natural process?" and the following answer choices: 
- manufacturing
 - Reproduction
 - driving a car
 - rain and wind
 - flooding
 - gene flow
 - influenza
 - pure

Now knowing that wind and rain cause erosion and soil Erosion Soil erosion is a natural process, choose the best answer.

Target Text: rain and wind

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.601961
Retrieved Text: Use these lesson plans in conjunction with any Natural Inquirer publications.
Host a Podcast: Students use graphic organizers to create podcasts or radio broadcasts.
Check out these example student-created podcasts!
Paragraph by Paragraph: Focus student understanding of the main idea of a paragraph in each section of a Natural Inquirer article through a reading and note-taking process.
Scientific Abstracts: Introduce students to the purpose of scientific abstracts and how to write them.
Questions Only: Use Bloom's Taxonomy and an adaptation of the "questions only" reading strategy to help students read and understand a Natural Inquirer article.
Write A Scientist: Help students with reading comprehension by asking students to read a Natural Inquirer article and write a letter to the scientist to ask for clarification on at least 4 questions.
Summarizer, Predictor, Questioner, Clarifier: Divide students into groups and assign each student a role of either summarizer, predictor, questioner, or clarifier. The students read articles and perform their role to help students understand what they have read.
Venn Diagram: Ask students to compare and contrast two articles using a Venn diagram.
Join the Natural Inquirer Twitter Team: Students become members of the Natural Inquirer Twitter team, assisting Natural Inquirer with teaching others about an article.
THIEVES: Help students dissect and understand each section of scientific articles by becoming THIEVES. As THIEVES, students will think carefully about what they have read, and then they will identify their thinking as "Facts, Questions, or Responses."
The 6 W's: This lesson plan helps students think about what they have read by asking the "6 W's": Who, What, Where, When, hoW, and Why.
Statements

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.361417
Retrieved Text: leaching. Leaching is a natural process by which water-soluble substances (such as water-soluble organic chemicals or hydrophilic organic chemicals) are washed out from soil or waste disposal areas (such as a landfill).
Definition of leaching: Natural process by which water soluble substances (such as calcium, fertilizers, pesticides) are washed out from soil or wastes.
Lowering Potassium in Potatoes. Written by DaVita ... Canned potatoes go through a natural leaching process due to soaking in the canned water.
3.3 Outokumpu Hydrocopper™ Process. The Outokumpu Hydrocopper™ Process (Hämäläinen et al., 2003) is shown in Figure 44.5.The process involves countercurrent leaching of chalcopyrite using air and chlorine as oxidants (chlorine oxidizes cuprous to cupric for leaching process).
Since bioleaching is a natural process, ... 6 Therefore, presumably, the recognition of a natural copper leaching process can be identified as early as that date.
Examine any three natural processes that affect the development of soil. ... The minerals are removed by the leaching process leaving more acidic soil water in place.
One way of doing this is to leach or boil potatoes to , Lowering Potassium in Potato , Canned potatoes go through a natural leaching process due to soaking .
Leaching is the process of extracting substances from a solid by ... many products are separated from their original natural structure by liquid-solid leaching.
This process is called leaching. ... What Are the Effects of Leaching? Sciencing. Retrieved from http://sciencing.com/effects-leaching-8680465.html .
LEACHING IN THE NATURAL ENVIRONMENT ... All of the materials used in heap leaching process and industry specifications of materials are available globally.
Gold Cyanide Leaching Process; ...

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.082758
Retrieved Text: Why the name "Quinoa" ?
The seed is a symbol of Life and Quinoa is this little seed like no other!
It was a symbol of fertility and abundance for the Incas who planted during a ritual with a gold shovel. They called it the « Mother Grain ». This exceptional small seed is omnipresent today and carries with it the beautiful story that goes back thousands of years.
It's her way of leaving that inspired Stephanie the name and philosophy of Quinoa, anchored between tradition and modernity.
Are all Quinoa Paris products made in France?
Although raw materials such as natural tanned leather are manufactured in Italy, and Germany for the recycled leather; All our products are manufactured in France.
Natural tanning is an ancient technique that craftsmen tanners are transmitted from generation to generation. If today, tanneries have tools and machines, which replaced the traditional wooden barrels and tanks, the quality of tanning is still based on a single factor: time.
Indeed, this process requires a lot more patience than conventional mineral tanning: up to 18 months in tanning!
This process is the only guarantee of unique quality leather while maintaining its natural look.
What is bonded leather most commonly named recycled leather?
The recycled leather is made from genuine leather scraps combined with other components. Its composition and its actual content of genuine leather, can vary according to manufacturers.
Recycled leather used by Quinoa contains 70% real leather, 20% natural latex, 10% of natural resin, oil and organic dyes. Only natural components.
The natural tanned leather and recycled leather are they real leather?
The natural tanned

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.785518
Retrieved Text: Pre-suppositional is a belief that precedes all other beliefs or the most fundamental commitment of the heart. By this meaning, this indicates the role that divine revelation should play in the human thought process or a basic heart commitment. For the Christian that commitment is God as he is revealed in his word. While ones their ultimate commitment they cannot believe anything that conflicts with that commitment. For the unbeliever, to presuppose God in this perspective is for him to think, say or do something, contrary to his own predisposition.
Another way of putting it is presuppositions are simply beliefs that everyone has that affect how they think, view the world, interpret evidence, and read the Bible. Apologetics is a reasoned defense of beliefs. An atheist’s presupposition will most likely be that there is no God and that truth is relative. 2.What consists of natural revelation? How is natural revelation evidence?
What consist of natural revelation is things that embrace uniformity to nature, regularities in the natural, theories, experimental procedures and scientific method. Natural revelation is evidence because natural revelation infers that science demands the existence of God.
3.Define “certainty” from an apologetics perspective.
Revelation : What Is The Process Of Revelation?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.777791
Retrieved Text: Natural Process : Process Flow: An art exhibition (I couldn’t figure out where) called “Natural Process” has Google’s home page printed at a gigantic size, hung on the wall, then projected on the Web.
The NP system is constructed so that a webcam captures the painting in the museum and transmits its image onto the Internet.
In short, it originates from the Web and returns back to it through what is probably the world’s most-roundabout process ever!!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.741968
Retrieved Text: What does detox mean and what it actually does? Detox is short name for detoxification which means getting rid of toxins and detox actually cleanse. When we say urine detox, it means cleansing of urine and making it free of toxins. Human body has its natural detoxification process. Urine is the drainage system of our body that automatically eradicates toxins from our body. Thus, we don’t need any detox substance to get rid of toxins. Some foods and drinks that we consume in our everyday life maintain and accelerate this process when body needs. This is a process which is constantly going on in our body as we urinate at frequent intervals.
When our body can get rid of toxins automatically through urine, then why induced urine detox is needed? Induced urine detox refers to detoxification of urine using some method. The website www.Ouchclub.com has reference to some methods that can be used to detox urine and mentions about effectiveness or ineffectiveness of these methods.
These methods are used when someone needs detoxification urgently and in faster way than body can do it innately. The most usual situation is to escape consequences of a drug test and to ensure that a drug- toxicity in the urine is eliminated before the drug test.
Body’s natural detoxification process takes usually two to three weeks, but this is too much time when someone is undergoing urine screening and has to pass the drug test. The appropriate method for natural cleaning is detox drink that can work effectively in maximum one week. Faster

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.6712475
Retrieved Text: The flavor for Balance Oil capsules says vanilla. What is the flavor derived from? Is it synthetic or natural? Has it gone through any process?
The source of vanilla in our Balance Oil is a mixture of natural and artificial flavors. Unfortunately, we cannot disclose further details concerning the production process.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.598912
Retrieved Text: Need Advice? Like to know where natural medicine could help?
The study of natural medicine often expands the bounds of ones understanding, especially as a deep insight is gained as to what it means to be a truly healthy human being. Authentic natural medicine is concerned with which water, foods, natural supplements, herbs and treatments will relieve symptoms and positively alter the course of disease. It is also focused on deeper aspects of health and disease, constitutional medicines, energetics, the mind, emotions and environment/situational and spiritual aspects of health and disease.
The healing process and journey to health is fundamentally different from suppressive health care, which can however, offer results that are comparatively quick, yet superficial and at a cost. Conventional medicine is usually unfamiliar with the actual process of healing, which follows well defined patterns and pathways that can be clearly recognised and and assisted. Natural medicine and particularly homeopathy has the ability to initiate and activate healing and reactivate what was stuck or unavailable through access to cellular memory specifically. Natural medicine often acts remarkably quickly and efficiently but does involve some time passing for allowance of action, having the potential to bring about permanent improvements and change for the better.
This means that as current symptoms improve, old and previously unresolved or denied symptoms often arise, rather like the peeling of the layers of an onion where the central core represents innate wellness.
Natural medicine is just that – natural.
Over the centuries people have learnt what works and what doesn’t. That is why it is always important

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.575256
Retrieved Text: These natural rattan purses or “baskets” are also known as “Ata” bags. They are hand woven. During the process for the rattan fibers to become sturdy and moisture resistant, they use a smoked process which requires the bags to be put over coconut husks. This process is what creates their golden and bright color. This natural acquired smell will eventually go away.
Ethically made in collaboration with our native artisans in Indonesia.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.521975
Retrieved Text: Most (if not all) sapphires and sapphire jewelry seen online and in retail stores will be described as "natural" sapphires. These natural sapphires are usually not accompanied with proper disclosure regarding the treatments that they have undergone. The word "natural" is intended to identify a sapphire crystal that has come from the ground (not synthetically created). What is likely to be left out in the description is the fact that the color and clarity, indicated as "natural", is really not just "natural". In almost all cases the color and clarity of the sapphire will come from various treatments that you may very well not be aware of.
Yes, a natural sapphire is a sapphire crystal that has been created in the ground - but the color and clarity (what you are paying for in a sapphire) is created from a heating process that would have never occurred naturally in the stone that is being shown.
Treated sapphires are not rare. In fact, unlimited quantities exist. Consumers looking for true value in their sapphire jewelry should be aware of misleading descriptions of treated sapphires being called "natural". This is just side-stepping open disclosure about the treatment of the stones. Like most things these days, you have to look at the fine print to find out what you’re really looking at and considering purchasing.
The truth is that almost everything you will see in sapphires anywhere is treated, and treating is not a simple process. It is a sophisticated procedure that has taken decades to perfect by experienced enhancement specialists. The

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.496319
Retrieved Text: LNG - Liquified Natural Gas - Fuel & Cargo for Inland Navigation - What is LNG?
Home > LNG > What is LNG?
Natural gas is a major source of energy. Liquefied natural gas or LNG is natural gas that has been converted to a liquid form for the ease of storage or transport by cooling natural gas to approximately −162 °C. Afterwards, it is stored at essentially atmospheric pressure. Liquefied natural gas takes up about one six hundredth the volume of natural gas in the gaseous state. It is odourless, colourless, non-toxic and non-corrosive. Because it is easy to transport, LNG can serve to make economical the natural gas deposits for which the construction of pipelines is uneconomical.
Liquefaction of natural gas to LNG requires cooling the natural gas until it becomes a liquid. These processes include gas conditioning before liquefaction, processing and managing the impurities and liquid hydrocarbons as well as storage and handling of the refrigerants that are used to cool the natural gas to a liquid state. Liquefaction also has the advantage of removing oxygen, carbon dioxide, sulphur and water from the natural gas, resulting in LNG that is almost pure methane.
The refrigerants used in the LNG process typically consist of a combination of the following light hydrocarbons: methane, ethane, ethylene, propane, butane and isopentane. Nitrogen is also a common refrigerant component.
The liquefaction process requires significant compression systems for refrigeration that include large centrifugal compressors typically driven by gas turbines, steam turbines or large electric motors.
When LNG reaches its destination, it is returned to gas

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.458415
Retrieved Text: This iconic line was delivered to a nation embroiled in one of the most significant financial downturns in recorded history – the Great Depression. Those words struck a chord that day that still rings true today, particularly in the world of financial advice.
Fear clouds judgement, a particularly dangerous effect for investors. Fear has the unnerving ability to cause investors to abandon their disciplined approach in favor of subjective decision making. As advisors are aware, decisions led by emotions, rather than objective process, can threaten the long-term financial well-being of your clients.
Managing fear is a key competency for financial advisors. But how can you do that reliably? All clients are different, and your focus is already split between the overwhelming demands of running your daily practice.
It begins and ends with your process.
Humans display a natural aversion to ambiguity, or uncertainty. We have a natural tendency to avoid the unknown in preference for what we think is more certain – as seen in clients selling at market bottoms and buying when stocks are high. Investors tend to trade an unknown (what may come), for what they can see today.
By strategically leveraging your process in three stages of the investment journey, you can reduce uncertainty – regardless of market conditions.
In a world of increasing commoditization, your process is what differentiates you from your competitors. Define your process clearly in the beginning stages of the client relationship. Take the opportunity to paint a clear picture of what investing with you will look and feel like. Help prospective and new clients

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.447907
Retrieved Text: Why is menopause treated like a disease, when in/act it’s a naturally occurring process?
Acupuncture and a woman’s natural process. Menopause signifies “a change” within a woman’s life. This change occurs because a woman’s body chemistry is shifting. Chinese medicine recognizes this chemistry change as a natural process.
Estrogen is similar to what acupuncturists call .Jing Qi. Jing Qi is like a gift that is given to all of us at the time of conception. It is the battery that provides us with the basic energy to power all our life functions. When Jing Qi is abundant, our ability to adant to disease_ illness and stress is optimal.
The decline of Yang energy can also lead to imbalance. Yang represents the warming and metabolizing functions of the body. When Yang is unbalanced, symptoms may include water retention. cold hands and feet, weight gain, edema, indigestion, hypertension, or raised cholesterol levels.
When treating symptoms, an •acupuncturist must first determine where the energy has changed, and what Organ Systems have become unbalanced. Once this is known, various natural therapies such as acupuncture, herbs, meditation, Qi Gong and diet can be used to correct the imbalances.
Acupuncture and Chinese medicine offer a safe, natural, drug- free and effective way to address menopause. Treatment supports the healing energies of Jing, Yin and Yang, providing the body with the building blocks it needs in order to nourish, heal, and regain balance.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.433047
Retrieved Text: If you can't find the stock wig photo what you want, You can talk with our sales representatives by instant messenger/by email, our sales representatives can take photos for you.
Does the straight hair wave up when being wet?
Yaki texture is process we do to your wig that adds a micro kink to the hair strands to mimic Africa-American people relaxed hair.
The silky straight hair texture is the natural state of the Indian Hair as it comes from the donor. It is look like the wig of ofay. If you are Caucasian,we recommend you choose silky texture.
Virgin hair is 100% natural and not under process which may cause any damage to the cuticle. We make the virgin remy hair run in one direction with natural look and avoid of tangling. Our virgin hair is all remy, which is soft, natural looking and long-life used. We trust that our virgin remy hair will satisfy you.
What is the difference between Indian Remy and Chinese Remy Hair?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.426999
Retrieved Text: What Is A "Natural" Death, Anyway?
Eric kicked off the week posting about a study comparing use of the phrase "Allow Natural Death" with "Do Not Resuscitate." Surrogates were far less likely to opt for CPR if the physician used the phrase Allow Natural Death.
But here's the thing - what is a natural death, anyway?
I get it - death is part of the cycle of life. Seasons change. The moon waxes and wanes. We are born. We die. Death is natural.
Death in nature is often violent, brutal, and messy. The same adjectives could be used to describe a code.
If the video doesn't make the point, perhaps a story will. (Thanks to Amber Barnato for this story, I'm anonymizing it).
A man pressured his pregnant wife into trying a "natural" birth, without an epidural for pain.
Years later, the man started experiencing crushing chest pain. His wife brought him to the emergency department. He was diagnosed with a heart attack.
The nurse prepared to give him some morphine for the chest pain. The man's wife stopped the nurse, and said, "I think we should let him have a 'natural' heart attack.'"
Who decides why one things is natural, and another isn't?
OK, now I'll fess up. I use the words. Or something like it. I say, "This is about how your father is going to spend the remainder of his time. I suggest we don't prolong his dying, and let nature take its course." It helps with framing.
There is something more natural about dying in our hospice unit than in the ICU with

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.401409
Retrieved Text: Last week it seemed nearly all public attention was focused on the Helsinki Meeting, especially the press conference with Presidents Trump and Putin. Of course, the talking heads had a field day dissecting what we knew about the meeting, speculating on the private discussions, and examining what Trump said, then later explaining what he meant to say.
If, however, you are keenly attuned to US and global energy matters and set aside the political theatrics, media games, and fascination with American and Russian intrigue, you may have noticed something very interesting that happened at Helsinki that inadvertently links to a process taking place this week at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”).
The very first question asked during the press conference was not about nuclear arms, Russian annexation of Crimea, the Ukraine, Syria, Iran, North Korea, or Russian intervention in US elections. It was about natural gas.
Specifically, a Russian journalist pointedly asked President Trump how he squares his position that the Nord Stream II pipeline makes Europe a hostage to Russian natural gas and alternatively, the US is a safer, more reliable supplier. Yet, at the same time, the US relies on Russian gas (delivered as LNG) to supply Boston. In essence, asking President Trump whether the US is truly capable of reliably suppling Europe with American gas.
So, what does that have to do with FERC?
FERC is the independent federal agency that, under the Natural Gas Act of 1938, has jurisdiction over siting, construction, and operation of any natural gas facility that transports gas in interstate commerce. This

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.360099
Retrieved Text: Hailing from a city with over 6 centuries of natural hand-made soap tradition and a natural body soap business that dates back to 1967, we three sisters were blessed to share in the family ritual of extracting our own orange blossom water and rosewater, and making our own olive oil soap. This local tradition of our city of origin, Tripoli, dates back to the 14th century.
As a highly acclaimed “Maître Savonnier” and founder of the traditional all natural soap business, our late father, produced natural body soap products using nature’s most powerful yet soothing ingredients. His business was called Nazer Soap. 50 years on, the torch is now passed to our own hands to keep the flame of our tradition and our father’s dream alive. We are Jardin D’ Eden, the all natural body and skin product company that knows what “Master Soap Making” is all about.. Wether you are looking to detox, indulge, or unwind your body, we deliver the right answer to your body’s pressing needs!
We are dedicated to creating luxurious natural skin products that transform basic daily routines into pleasurable, deeply enriching heavenly rituals. All our soaps are 100% natural products. We use natural ingredients and a 100% natural process. Even our press process is a cold process that preserves all the natural nutrients so your skin will benefit from the natural act of bathing and cleaning you already do.
Our modern urban dweller lifestyle exposes us to many toxins. Jardins D’EDEN is a call to return to nature, in the most modern context

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.322494
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between an organic mattress and a mainstream mattress?
Organic mattresses are derived from natural materials. Conventional mattresses are made primarily of man-made materials derived from nonrenewable resources such as natural gas and petrochemicals.
What are the natural materials used in OMI organic mattresses?
Cruelty-free Eco-Wool™, certified organic cotton, and 100%-natural rubber latex — all renewable, biodegradable resources. These natural materials are grown, processed, and manufactured without toxic chemicals.
Do organic mattresses come in different firmnesses, and do they have innersprings?
There are two main types of organic mattresses: Natural rubber, which is metal free, and innerspring. Both styles are available with different firmness options.
How is an OMI organic mattress made?
Every mattress is made by hand by expert artisans, using the purest raw materials available.
What is the difference between natural rubber latex and the latex used in other mattresses?
Our natural rubber latex is 100% pure. Other companies use synthetic latex or a blend of natural rubber latex and synthetic materials.
If organic mattresses don't have flame retardants, are they safe from fire?
OMI's mattresses have been tested at an independent testing facility. They meet both federal and California open-flame standards using only our Eco-Wool™, without the use of chemical flame retardants, suspected to be health and environmental hazards.
Can a new organic mattress be placed on an old box spring?
A foundation is meant to support a mattress, and using an old box-spring foundation under an innerspring mattress will affect the comfort of the mattress and shorten its life. Our natural rubber mattresses are intended to be placed on a wood-slat foundation

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.263822
Retrieved Text: To be honest I have a love, hate relationship with my natural hair. I love my natural hair and that’s the truth but I also hate it at times. I know many of you are wondering what in the world is she saying. I will tell you why.
I have been natural eight years and counting and I seriously have no regrets. All my natural loves can attest or agree with me on this, there comes a time in our natural hair journey, where we just wish our hair was different texture so it can be manageable for styles, wash days and even detangling sessions. Dealing with our hair can give us serious and I mean serious anxiety attacks and even send us into a state of depression. I know what I am talking about I have been there.
All in all I love my natural hair, it brings joy to my soul. I big chopped my hair several times for many reasons (heat damaged being one of my main reason).
What I really love about my hair is the fact that it is very versatile. In my years of being natural I have cared more for my hair than I have ever done. My decision/s for going natural are great, but those decisions have been an eye-opener for me as they allowed me to change my life-style for a good. Also I met so many naturalistas who encouraged and motivated me to stand the test of times.
As a result of my decisions I learn to love, embrace and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.263027
Retrieved Text: Sinergi provides safe and reliable energy solutions for Commercial and Industry Customers through information access and natural gas usage transparency.
We present a variety of choices for users in this sector as the engine to move their businesses, such as power plant, fuel for heating and drying process, steam kettle, dryer furnace, ovens, and many other appliances.
Natural gas is generally used in the Glass Industry sector as fuel for furnaces to heat materials and create high quality glass products.
Natural gas is used in this sector as fuel to process rubber products, such as boilers, burners, and oven dryers.
The Ceramic Industry uses natural gas as fuel to heat the raw material mixture during production process to create quality ceramic products.
The Pulp and Paper industry processes fiber raw material into pulp, paper, board, and other cellulose-based products. This industry needs large quantities of natural gas to operate well as heating fuel for production process and pulp and paper drying.
The Chemical Industry is one of the largest natural gas users. This industry, which includes petrochemical, agrochemical, pharmaceutical, polymer, paint, and oleochemical segments, uses natural gas as fuel for production process.
Natural gas energy is needed as heating fuel during the processing of metal ores to basic metals through smeltering and reduction/furnace. Natural gas is also needed for industries that process basic metals to billets, smals, rods, or mixed ingots for the foundry industry.
Natural gas is used as fuel in equipments such as boilers, thermal oils, and flyers. With clean combustion results, environmentally friendly natural gas also supports the sanitation and safety

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.232887
Retrieved Text: I am praying right now for physical healing (a supernatural gift from God) for a number of people who are struggling, and God may provide that healing through “natural” means (like medicine or surgery).
I am working right now on my sermon for Sunday. I need supernatural illumination of His Word to make sense of it, but God often provides this insight after the natural process of study and preparation.
I want those around me to know how much I love and care for them with supernatural depth, but the way God works that out often is through the natural process of affirming words and good deeds over time.
See what I mean? Certainly God DOES supernatural things, but often the way He does them is through natural means.
Peter (who himself wrote two of the letters included in our New Testament) says in 2 Peter 1:20-21, “knowing this first of all, that no prophecy of Scripture comes from someone’s own interpretation. For no prophecy was ever produced by the will of man, but men spoke from God as they were carried along by the Holy Spirit.” In this verse, Peter highlights the supernatural origin of God’s Word.
So, God supernaturally moved the writers of Scripture along to write His Word to His people, but the process by which the Scripture was written sometimes looked very natural — like when Luke researched and compiled the eyewitness accounts of Jesus’ disciples in writing his Gospel.
But who did Luke talk to? And when did he talk to them? At this point, we are

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.22784
Retrieved Text: When we talk about "weaving" or "woven" it seems to be a loose term that is used with little or no thought to what that actually means. So today’s blog we explore with you the organic process from fleece (sheep’s back) to finished "woven" product that "you" the consumer buys in store.
Why can we tell this yarn? Mind the pun. Our collaboration with the iconic Waverley Woollen Mills, established in 1874 the oldest textile mill in Australia still operating from its original site in Tasmania. Over 135 years, a dynasty of master weavers handed down their knowledge, skills and passion, despite modernisation, advances in technology and wool innovation, some things remain unchanged – the journey from farm to fleece, fibre to fabric remains an organic hands-on tradition.
To say it was love at first visit to this iconic site was no understatement and the rest; well you could say is history! The wool comes literally from the sheep’s back, shorn by hand by Australian merino farmers it arrives to the weaving mill in big old wool sacks still impure from the farm (dirty).
The wool is washed to cleanse the wool form impurities and to make it ready for the next process, the wools natural lanoline is removed during this process which makes this wool unusable so it then has to be replaced before any production.
Next process is carding, this breaks the wool up and then sent through a series or rollers to form what looks like a giant intricate spiders web made of wool ready to head

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.211661
Retrieved Text: Are you searching for “Natural Stone Cleaning” or “Flagstone Tile Cleaning” in Phoenix, Tempe or Scottsdale, Arizona? If so, Superior Plus AZ can help! To schedule stone cleaning services, give us a call today at 480-835-6526. Superior Plus AZ – a total solution for floor care of homes, offices and businesses. From (Residential and Commercial) natural stone floor cleaning, to tile & grout cleaning throughout the valley – no job is too large or too small. Natural stone can pose unique challenges – cleaning agents should not be too harsh, as they can alter the color or the appearance of stone and grout combinations and ruin the color scheme.
At Superior Plus, our experts can be trusted to know the best techniques for cleaning, polishing and renewing your floors to a like-new shine without harming the stone itself. We offer full stone cleaning services, saltillo tile cleaning, marble tile cleaning, flagstone tile cleaning, natural stone tile cleaning, grout renewal and stone floor polishing services – that are all designed to renew and freshen your floors, extending their lifetime while saving you money on replacement flooring. While you relax with a cup of coffee, our well-trained, competent floor care technicians will restore your soiled tile, grout and natural stone surfaces to like-new condition. No job is too challenging for the enthusiastic, conscientious employees of Superior Plus.
Are you floors getting dirty from years of abuse? Superior Plus can help clean up dirty floors with our natural stone cleaning services. We can make your stone floor shine like new!
We start

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.201649
Retrieved Text: Find brands of feed for dogs that use natural products is important to make sure they have a good and balanced diet, but also healthy. Acana manufactures one of the healthier and better quality food to give your dog what it deserves.
If you feed your pet with feed for dogs using the best quality products that are healthy and help to get the nutrients and vitamins it needs for its development, your pet will be happy and therefore you too.
Acana feed for dogs is a food made exclusively in Canada with completely natural products, so this is why they are classified as biologically appropriate. What does this mean? That in the process of its manufacture only natural meat, without preservatives or additives, are only used. The product is received daily, and it is directly sent to the manufacturing process, ensuring the best high quality and taking advantage of its nutritional properties.
Champion Petfoods, the brand that manufactures this natural food for dogs uses only local products, and it worries to satisfy the needs of dogs, carnivores by nature, with a meat–based diet rich in proteins.
Thanks to these characteristics, Acana is recommended by veterinarians for dogs with digestive intolerance or food allergies. It is a natural and very healthy food that it also has a great taste.
So do not hesitate and take a look at TiendAnimal's selection of products of this brand to satisfy both you and your dog.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.151262
Retrieved Text: Dry-aged beef is beef that has been hung on a rack to dry for several weeks in special climate-controlled coolers. For this process only the higher grades of beef can be used, as the process requires meat with a large, evenly distributed fat content, what is common for marbling meat used in Goodwin. The key effect of dry aging is the concentration and saturation of the natural flavour, as well as the tenderization of the meat texture. Best combination of juiciness and flavour is reached from 21 to 29 days.
The process changes beef by two means. Firstly, moisture is evaporated from the muscle. This creates a greater concentration of beef flavour and taste. Secondly, the beef’s natural enzymes break down the connective tissue in the muscle, which leads to more tender beef. During this process, the meat loses 40 to 60% of its original weight.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.149138
Retrieved Text: During regional metamorphism that occurs during the mountain building process, limestone . It can suppress methane explosions in underground coal mines.
limestone mining process | mining & world quarrylimestone quarry,limestone mining,process,plant | 21 stone crusher . limestone mining process is also called limestone .
flow chart of limestone mining process - flow diagram of limestone mines to crusher. Iron Ore Mining Process Flow Chart Aggregate Crushing Plant.
management of mining, quarrying and ore-processing . • the process management and . Management of mining, quarrying, and ore-processing waste in the .
Dec 10, 2016 · This page is provide professional cost of the process of mining limestone information for you, we have livechat to answer you cost of the process of mining limestone process mining limestone How Is Limestone .
Limestone – Its Processing and Application in . Limestone – Its Processing and Application in Iron . The first process takes place at limestone mines where .
Process Of Limestone Mines. Missouri Department of Natural Resources. The burning of limestone in the cement-making process liberates carbon dioxide gas .
process limestone mining - globalpindd. mining process for limestone mining amp world quarry.what are the effects of mining limestone on the environment .the .
process of limestone mines - . limestone mine - Missouri Department of Natural Resources. Limestone is now mined using surface and underground methods Surface .
Process Of Limestone Mines: limestone mining and transportation process Mine . Manufacturing process All about Cement Cement : Lafarge The limestone is .
Most underground limestone and dolomite mines are . The recovery of any raw material is strictly

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.127367
Retrieved Text: Vulcanization is the process of bonding natural rubber with curatives or accelerators; this helps to strengthen the rubber and turns it into the strong, rubber products that we use every day, such as tennis shoe soles and tires. If you are manufacturing a product that uses rubber, you may be looking to hire a company to complete your vulcanization needs. If you have never hired one before, you may be unsure of what to look for in such a company. Aside from price, here are three factors you will want to consider as you go about hiring a company to complete the vulcanization process for you.
Natural rubber is sticky. In addition to this, it is not as strong and durable as the rubber that we are familiar with today. However, when you take rubber and bond it with curatives, the curatives cure the rubber, taking out the stickiness it has and making it strong and durable. Sulfur is the most common curative used to bond natural rubber. But it is not the only product that is used. Peroxides, metallic oxides, acetoxy silane and urethane crosslinkers can also be used. Do your research to determine which bonding agent is best based on how you intend to use the rubber and then find a vulcanization facility that uses the curatives you desire.
Another key factor to consider as you select a company to complete the vulcanization process for you is what size and shape of press they have. During the vulcanization process, your rubber is shaped into the form

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.127121
Retrieved Text: With the change in time, soaps made with natural ingredients are taking over the commercial soaps. Natural soaps can be made using a different process and each of it has special benefit. Cold process for making soap is considered the best and has different advantages.
Soaps are the day-to-day used products used as cleansing agents. Since the ancient time, soaps are made using different ingredients. As the time changed, soap makers started adding different chemicals and ingredients that started harming the skin of the users. In order to get right of chemicals in the soaps, the demand of chemical free soap is increased. In cold process of making soaps, lye mixture and water with oils are mixed. The lye reacts with oil mixture and turns in the form of soap. This is a simple process and takes few hours to make natural soaps.
The raw material is the most important aspect before you learn how to make Cold process soap. Learn how to make soaps with different ingredients and for multiple uses. The material also depends on the variety of the soap, the process used, packing, fragrance, purpose and decorating. Therefore, the initial classes of soap making provide details of the raw material for cold process soap to the trainees.
Can be prepared at home: T of the cold process soaphis is the biggest advantage of this process of making handmade soaps. After learning skills to make soap using this process, you can make it at the comfort of home. It takes few hours and less space to operate

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.11437
Retrieved Text: Let thy food be your medicine!
So what is good nutrition when our body is in a state of dis-ease?
I am always being asked about the importance of nutrition during the healing process.
Is it better to eat more? or eat less? What foods provide what the body needs and how do we know.
It´s not rocket science really, the body requires nutrition to give it energy, to provide the building blocks that it needs to heal.
The body is in a continuous state of regeneration, self - healing and self -medicating. This is automatic.
When we feel out of sorts it is our body´s way of communicating that it is lacking in something and it´s our job to listen.
There are two main things that use huge amounts of energy: digestion and healing.
Digestion: when we eat it takes an enormous amount of energy for the body to breakdown and process the food that we consume. If we eat a diet which consists of mainly processed foods then this uses more energy.
That is why after a big meal you feel sleepy. It can take several days for the typical meal to pass through your body. It takes all of your energy trying to digest that big meal. The body works overtime.
The more natural the food the easier it is for the body to extract what it requires.
resources are available determines how long the healing takes and how effective it is in returning to optimum health.
So what can we do to help this process?
Did you know that humans are the only species that

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.1128
Retrieved Text: As our experts says, natural wines are like organic wine "turned up to 11".
Natural wines are generally an attempt to make wines like they were made thousands of years ago; from crushed organic grapes, with no additives save yeast, that ferments into wine.
Some natural wines have a little SO2 added just before bottling for preserving purposes. If the grapes are healthy enough and the winemaking scrupulously clean enough then there should be no need for SO2 during the winemaking process itself.
Natural wines can be found throughout the world, but there is most concentration in the old-world vineyards of France and Italy. These winemakers are advocating a move away from the processing and manipulation of technology.
Whereas organic and biodynamic wines are focussed on what happens with the growing of the grapes, in the vineyard - natural wines encompass the entire winemaking process, including cellaring.
There is no official accreditation scheme for natural wines unfortunately, so a lot of it has to be taken on trust. This year France declared they would try to create a definition for the label, which will no doubt provoke much heated debate!
A lot of natural wines, when first opened will have a reductive (farmyard) smell which decreases as the wine is left open to air. We believe the long post-fermentation lees-contact (that natural wines tend to get) may well be the reason here. It stabilises the wine against going off but does seem to introduce odd flavours that disappear when opened.
As we've said before our decanting process definitely helps in this respect, getting

================



======= Instance Index 6120 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Which is not a cell?" and the following answer choices: 
- cigarettes
 - Chlorophyll
 - Leptospirosis
 - layers of fat
 - an object
 - anemia
 - all matter
 - influenza

Now knowing that viruses are not cells at all, so they are neither prokaryotes nor eukaryotes and influenza viruses are classified as orthomyxoviruses, choose the best answer.

Target Text: influenza

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.606598
Retrieved Text: Living Science Solutions for Class 8 Science Chapter 8 Cell Structure And Functions are provided here with simple step-by-step explanations. These solutions for Cell Structure And Functions are extremely popular among class 8 students for Science Cell Structure And Functions Solutions come handy for quickly completing your homework and preparing for exams. All questions and answers from the Living Science Book of class 8 Science Chapter 8 are provided here for you for free. You will also love the ad-free experience on Meritnation’s Living Science Solutions. All Living Science Solutions for class 8 Science are prepared by experts and are 100% accurate.
Which of these is multicellular?
Multicellular means made of more than one cells. Mushroom is a multicellular organism. All the other organisms mentioned here, are unicellular.
The egg of a hen is a cell. It divides repeatedly and differentiates into various tissues to develop into a chicken.
Which of these is not present in an animal cell?
In an animal cell, chloroplasts are not present. Chloroplasts are present in green plants and serve as the sites of photosynthesis in plants.
Which of these is the control centre of the cell?
The control centre of the cell is nucleus. The nucleus contains chromosomes, which divide during cell division.
Which organelles are responsible for energy production in a cell?
Mitochondria is responsible for energy production in a cell.
Which of these is not stated by the cell theory?
(a) Cells are the basic structural units of living organisms.
(b) All cells are identical.
(c) New cells are formed due to division in old cells.
(d) The way an organism functions

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.350627
Retrieved Text: What is selective permeability of a cell membrane? How does it work in a cell? Read to know all about it.
Just like an airport or a city, every living cell has a check post-like mechanism at its outer membrane, which controls the inflow and outflow of molecules. In cell biology terms, it is known as 'Selective Permeability' of the membrane. The aim of this article is to explain the working of this mechanism which makes cellular transport possible.
All living cells are mostly encapsulated or sheathed in a phospholipid bilayer, which segregates the cell's cytoplasm from its external surroundings and facilitates the transport of molecules, in and out of the cell. It is usually surrounded by a plasma layer, which plays an active role in controlling cellular transport.
Selective permeability of a cell membrane is the property that allows it to control the inflow and outflow of molecules. This property allows the cell to segregate its inner cytoplasm from the external environment. Only those molecules which are needed to sustain the inner processes of the cell, like respiration, are allowed in, while waste products are allowed to move out. This property is simply the ability of the cell to decide what goes in or what stays out.
How is this selectivity or differential permeability of the cell made possible? It is made possible by a very effective screening mechanism, constituting the protein channels of the cell membrane and its porous nature.
The chances of any molecule arriving at a cell and making it through the membrane are dependent on its

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.336913
Retrieved Text: Ans: The structural and functional unit of the living organism is called cell.
Ques: Name the instrument by which cell can be seen.
Ques: What is unicellular organism?
Ans: The organism which is made of only one cell that is called unicellular organism. Ex – amoeba and paramecium.
Ques: What are multi cellular organisms?
Ans: The organism which is made of more than one cell are called multi cellular organism. Ex – human and tree.
Ques:Which part of the cell contains organelles?
Ques:Distinguish between plant cell and animal cell.
cell wall is present in it.
Cell wall is absent in it.
Ques: Name the projection in amoeba by which it take food.
Ans: A tissue is a group of similar cells having a specific function.
Ques:What are the basic components of a cell?
Ans: The basic components of a cell are cell membrane, cytoplasm and nucleus.
Ques:Name the components of cell which are enclosed within the cell membrane.
Ques:State the difference between eukaryotes and prokaryotes.
The organisms which cells have a nuclear membrane are called eukaryotes.
Ex. Onion and other animals’ cells.
The organisms which cells do not have nuclear membrane are called prokaryotes.
Ex. Bacteria, blue green algae.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.199776
Retrieved Text: Plant cell structure is not included in all health science subjects (e.g. all courses in anatomy & physiology) but is is an important part of general biology. Basic cell biology is included in UK A-Level Biology and equivalent courses. It is also useful general knowledge for anyone working in life sciences. This page helps with the task: With the help of a diagram describe the structure of a plant cell.
Note: The diagram above is a general plant cell - so not a particular part of any specific plant. The labels in pink are links to pages of further information about the part of the plant cell indicated. The structures are not necessarily drawn to scale but in enough detail to aid recognition and to help students re-draw this diagram by hand to include in study notes or homework.
The structure of plant cells has similarities and differences compared with the structure of animal cells. The following table lists the parts of plant cells shown in the diagram above with brief notes about each of the structures types of organelles in plant cells.
Plant cells have cell walls - as compared with animal cells which do not have cell walls, and prokaryotic cells (bacteria) which do have cell walls but they are of a different construction than those of plant cells.
The main functions of plant cell walls are mechanical. Plant cell walls form part of a transport system called the apoplast system via which water and some solutes can pass through plant tissue via apoplastic pathways (along / through

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.170134
Retrieved Text: Excel Tables are one of the best features of Excel. Tables were originally introduced as part of Excel 2003, under the name of Lists, but were expanded and renamed to Tables in Excel 2007. Whilst it is possible to use the standard cell referencing with a Table, they have their own referencing style. Using this new referencing style there is no simple way to create a reliable running total and maintain the benefit of using a Table.
But… with a bit of creative thinking, we can create something which provides exactly what we need.
All the scenarios below use the same Table. The goal is to create a rolling total in the Balance column, which maintains the use of structured referencing and will still work when rows are deleted or sorted.
We could use normal cell references in either the A1 or R1C1 style. However, as the purpose of a Table is to use the same formula in each row of the column, it is not possible to just use + (plus) and – (minus) in the formula.
The result of the formula is #VALUE!, because Cell E1 is a text value, which cannot be added to a number.
By using the SUM function with a comma (known as the Union Operator), the text value will be calculated as a zero, which avoids the #VALUE! error.
The result of this formula is a running total in each row of the Balance column.
Rather than the SUM function, you could use the N function. N will zero if the cell reference within it is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.131145
Retrieved Text: It’s not because it can be jail-broken.
It's also not called a cell phone because people nowadays feel trapped into phone contracts (if you do feel trapped then please investigate number porting).
So why is it called a "cell” phone? It’s a really simple answer, but fascinating none the less.
Our Network Service Providers (Telkom, Cell C, MTN, Vodacom) have cell phone towers which divide their coverage areas into cells of certain square km in size. Each cell intercepts one another so that there are no "black holes”.
Each one of these cells is has a base station. These stations are those big towers you see which are often made to look like trees. These towers broadcast and receive on dozens of frequencies.
While on your cell phone you may move through several cells. Your cell phone actually communicates with the tower in the cell which you are in. The tower is responsible for monitoring your signal strength and making the decision of telling your phone when to switch to a different tower (or cell).

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.09124
Retrieved Text: [Excel] Paste from Excel does not preserve formatting if only one cell is pasted.
Use the xslx which is linked there.
Copy cell if simple formatting (like bg + color).
[Excel] Pasted from Excel does not preserve formatting if only one cell is pasted. → [Excel] Paste from Excel does not preserve formatting if only one cell is pasted.
Fixed with ​git:327b6d3699ddcc87d6015380eb9bb3723f6557f3. No changelog as it's more a part of #16961 which has not yet been released.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.084656
Retrieved Text: The diagnosis of a sickle cell disease was made on the basis of the blood film. Target cells may point towards HbSC (heterozygous sickle/Haemoglobin C), which also causes sickle cell disease. However target cells can also be seen in hyposplenism which is also obvious from the blood film (Howell Jolly bodies within red cells). In order to rapidly diagnose a sickle cell disorder a sickle solubility test can be performed. This can pick up sickle haemoglobin to at least 20%, so may not pick up low levels (e.g. massive transfusion, marked anaemia, babies, coexistance with HbH disease). The test is rapid so useful in an emergency setting. It does not give a % of sickle Hb and false positives can occur therefore confirmation by another method is required (e.g. HPLC).
Our patient was confirmed to have sickle cell anaemia (HbSS) and was visiting friends out of area (hence no previous information). She had not been seen at the hospital before. She’d had a number of transfusions previously but did not have any red cell alloantibodies. She was on hydroxycarbamide for recurrent chest crisis, which was the cause of the elevated MCV. Other causes may include folate deficiency (which can occur in chronic haemolysis) and reticulocytosis.
Patients with sickle cell should receive ABO, Rh and Kell matched blood, which is negative for any antigen for which the patient has antibodies to, is sickle negative (people with sickle cell trait can donate blood in the UK) and is less than two weeks old (possibly less than one week – local

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.062981
Retrieved Text: They are found in leaves and carry out photosynthesis and cellular respiration, along with other metabolic processes. With specialized organelles doing specific jobs, the accomplishments of a cell are really quite impressive. Label the axon, dendrites, cell body, nucleus, Schwann's cells, and nodes of Ranvier. It contains the genetic material i. The water rushes into the cell through osmosis. Cells communicate with one another and are responsible for transmitting information from one generation of cells to another.
It produces the membranes that surround the lysosomes. Vesicles; are much smaller than vacuoles and function in transport within and to the outside of the cell. This page has worksheets, articles, and activities to use when teaching students about the human body. More complex tracheids with valve-like perforations called characterise the gymnosperms. Ribosomes are the producers of our factory-like cell.
Individual cell parts can be colored, if desired, as part of the labeling process. The cytoskeleton is a network of filaments and tubules found throughout the cytoplasm of the cell. The composition of the plant cell wall differentiates it from the cell walls of other organisms. Chloroplasts of Green Algae Protista and Plants descendants of some Green Algae are thought to have originated by endosymbiosis of a prokaryotic alga similar to living Prochloron Prochlorobacteria. Like a suitcase is tagged for a destination, the vesicles are now marked for their future location within the cell before they are dispatched. Centrioles form the tail, which moves the sperm toward the ovum. The centrosomes is where microtubules are made.
Sugars produced by photosynthesis in chloroplasts

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.986684
Retrieved Text: Mobile spy app – There is NO SUCH FACTOR as FREE cell phone spy that is remote or FREE cell phone traveler in any respect. This free cell phone spy software can be setup to everything and gain access to anything coming from the goal telephone. Also, avoid many scams claiming for; free spyware applications without phone or iphone spy apps without usage of telephone or free spy programs without adding goal telephone or spy without entry to telephone or cell-phone criminal without touching goal telephone or criminal on portable camera without pressing it. Like a matter of fact each one of these spy applications are sham, do not waste your precious time in using these spy that is free cellphone application which will make these untruth claims. Indications of cheating spouse Notices ETA Dallas Created By 11 hundred, additional roles within the cell phone telephone messages without criminal to gain access to wording all free cell telephone traveler cell-phone metro pcs spy application messages without access to phone software spy cell phone texting without access to telephone iphone invisible spy spy accessibility communications without text-phone to mobile phone with all Telephone Do you believe that decide which iphone will actually may be cheating iphone invisible spy camera you.
Observe Cell Phone Spy Software being used by all cell phone actions. The Mobile-Spy free trial is not a scaled-down model of the Business’s cell phone spy software. Examine Texting and Course GPS Monitor Samsung Gps Spot Facebook Messenger Tracking IPHONE Distant Cellular Phone Spy discover ways to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.986233
Retrieved Text: Cell phone use will be allowed only in the free zone which is recreation time (the time following lunch that the students are allowed outside on the track).
While in the free zones, students must use ear buds or headphones, with one ear free. Nothing from the phone should be audible (no speakers). Students may not make phone calls or text during school hours.
Students may not charge any devices at school.
Students are not permitted to carry cell phones on their person or in their bookbags. Upon arrival to homerooms, students must lock their cell phones in their lockers. Prior to dismissal, students may retrieve their cell phones.
Any phone communication during the instructional day will take place on school telephones with permission from office personnel. Parents should continue to call the school for any emergency situation.
Possession of a cell phone by a student is a privilege, which may be forfeited by any student not abiding by the terms of this policy. Students shall be personally and solely responsible for the security of their cell phones. Furman Middle School does not assume any responsibility for theft, loss, or damage of a cell phone, or unauthorized calls made on a cell phone.
First violation: The student will receive a warning by an administrator, and a parent will be notified.
Second Violation: The cell phone will be confiscated by an administrator and returned only to a parent/guardian the next school day. The student will receive a day of ISS (Category II Referral).
Third Violation: The cell phone will be confiscated by an administrator and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.927537
Retrieved Text: Dogs and cats, butterflies and crayfish, lizards and birds, poison ivy and rosebushes and strawberry plants are all organisms. Organisms are composed of organ systems (digestive, circulatory or immune systems, to mention three examples). These systems are in turn composed of organs, which are composed of tissues which are composed of cells. The cell is where the action is!
The definition of life usually includes the requirement that whatever lives is capable of viable reproduction, which makes it subject to evolution. All life is composed of cells and they reproduce.
Eukaryotic contain structures called organelles, many of which are not found in prokaryotic cells. One such organelle is the nucleus, which houses the DNA.
Prokaryotic cells are usually smaller. They do not contain nuclei, so their DNA is floating around in the cytoplasm. They do contain ribosomes to carry out protein synthesis.
Cells come in a huge variety of shapes and functions. They are the basis of all living beings. Whether they are nerve cells, muscle cells, skin cells, bone cells or any other kind of cells; whether they come from humans or cats or grasshoppers or oak trees or bacteria, they all are based on common features like a membrane filled with cytoplasm, DNA or RNA along with ribosomes for reproduction, and the fabrication by cellular respiration of ATP for energy. This fact seems to represent a certain indication of the common origin of all life.
As we saw in the discussion of water, lipid bilayers, in this case, phospholipid bilayers, can form membranes. All cells are surrounded and protected

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.917875
Retrieved Text: Conditional formatting Excel 2010 how to format a cell based on color in the cell itself and the cell before.
I have with Conditional formatting marked a start cell and end cell with red I want to get all the cell between these two cells formatted with a red as well - can that be done?
e.g. with an IF statement saying if cell A21 is red and the current cell A22 isn't colored = True which will add the color it red to it which all true cells will be until and it gets that A44 and the current cell is red =false for the rest of the row.
You cannot check for a color of any cell for conditional formatting, but you can select an entire range of cells and perform the conditional formatting on all those cells based on the content of one cell rather than all using the =formula.
So you basically want to duplicate the formula for the first conditioned cell, and use that on the other cells to make them color as that single cell changes.
Do note that if a condition is not met, the cell's original color is still used. You can also use conditional formatting to color a cell white to make it seem a condition undo's formatting.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged microsoft-excel-2010 worksheet-function conditional-formatting or ask your own question.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.903618
Retrieved Text: Solar Cell is a photograph by Alfred Pasieka which was uploaded on July 24th, 2016.
Solar cell, computer enhanced image. High performance solar cell made from a monocrystalline silicon wafer. The contact grid is made from busbars (larger vertical strips) and fingers (small horizontal strips). When light hits it it releases electrons, which are converted into an electrical current. A grid of wires collects the electrons. Solar power is an environmentally-friendly energy source. It does not use up limited resources and does not release toxic waste products. Size of this solar cell: 16 x 9cm.
There are no comments for Solar Cell. Click here to post the first comment.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.893207
Retrieved Text: Some cells are meant to live, and some are meant to die. For example, the linker cell of C. Elegans, a favored model organism for biologists, is among those destined for termination. This cell helps determine the shape of the gonad in male worms–and then it dies, after two days, just as the worms are transitioning from larvae into adults. This programmed cell death is a normal part of the animal’s development, yet the genetic and molecular mechanisms underpinning it have not been worked out.
They studied this cell because scientists had previously shown that the linker cell does not expire by apoptosis, a more commonly studied form of programmed cell death and not because they were fascinated with worm testes — although to be fair, that would be a pretty awesome reason to study them anyway.
“Everything about this death process is different from apoptosis,” Shai Shaham, lead researcher says.
While many ways for cells to die have been observed and described in the artificial environment of a tissue culture dish, because of the technical difficulties, cell death is not usually studied in a living organism. Now, researchers have been able to study the molecular mechanism that causes linker cell death in worms. Their findings suggest that the linker cell’s newly discovered dying process resembles that which leads to the loss of neurons, or neuronal parts, in people with some neurodegenerative disorders.
To figure out the molecular processes that cause linker cell death, Shaham’s team introduced mutations at random in worms and then searched for animals in which the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.891062
Retrieved Text: Below is an essay on "Cell Division" from Anti Essays, your source for research papers, essays, and term paper examples.
All eukaryotic cells ( the 4 kingdoms ) contain a nucleus which keep the organism alive it contains genetic information which keep the organisms alive the info ration is contained in structures called chromosomes which are made from DNA.
DNA makes up chromosomes which are located in the nucleus of the cell.
Is the name of a process involved in cell division in eukaryotic cells 4 kingdoms.
Multicellular organisms also use mitosis to produce cells for growth, development, repair and replacement. The cell produced by mitosis are genetically the same to each other to the original cell they are described as clones.
The cell membrane picnics inwards so that a new membrane is formed, dividing the cell into two. This process is called I'd division of the cytoplasm is called cytokinesis.
Prokaryotes reproduce themselves by dividing into two using a process called binary fission. The cells are clones.
Diseases can be transferred from one organism to another. (Cells are damaged because of bacterial infection).
Non infectious diseases are not transferred between organisms.
Antibiotics. Can be used to kill bacteria in your body.
Disinfectants can be used to kill bacteria on surfaces of non living objects they may not be used on skin as they can damage cells.
Antiseptics can be used on your skin. They kill bacteria they are referred as bactericidal, are those that stop bacteria from growing or dividing but do not kill them which are called bacteria static.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.884883
Retrieved Text: Definitions, causes and information about Sickle Cell Anemia.
1. What is sickle cell anemia?
Sickle cell anemia is an inheritable red blood cell disorder. Normal red blood cells are round while these blood cells are shaped like a crescent or sickle. Because these cells are abnormally shaped, they do not last as long which causes anemia. These sickle cells can also get caught in blood vessels, consequently causing a blockage in blood flow. This can result in pain and organ damage. It is a life-long disease with high morbidity and mortality.
2. What causes sickle cell anemia?
Sickle cell anemia is not contagious; children inherit it from their parents. When sickle cell anemia is inherited, the child is passed two sickle cell genes, one from each parent.
3. What are the signs and symptoms of sickle cell anemia?
Individuals are born with sickle cell anemia, but symptoms are not immediate. Typically, symptoms begin to show at around four months old. Symptoms and the severity of symptoms vary amongst individuals. Some may experience mild symptoms while others may experience symptoms at such a severe level that they may require hospitalization.
The most common symptoms of this disease include fatigue and feeling weak. Severe or long-lasting cases of this disease can lead to damage to organs such as the heart, brain, lungs, kidney, spleen, and others. Extremely severe cases can cause death. People living with sickle cell anemia regularly deal with chronic pain, often in their bones. Individuals may also experience a sudden pain called a “sickle cell crisis” which can occur anywhere in the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.874314
Retrieved Text: Prepaid cell phones are one of the recent additions to the wireless service industry. Buying prepaid wireless phones provides you prepaid wireless service with no credit check. It is also very easy to terminate - the service is automatically terminated after the expiry date.
Attractively priced prepaid cell phones sometimes come with rebates, phone accessories, or phone card with some amount of airtime. Buying a prepaid cell phone relieves you from monthly phone bills, and callers can purchase as much airtime as they want.
Buying a prepaid cell phone does not require security deposits or long term commitment to the carriers. You can buy phones and suitable prepaid plans from electronics, discount, and office supply stores. Before buying a prepaid cell phone, take time to study the airtime expiration policies and current discounts from the fine prints. Different carriers offer different airtime plans. You have to check out which service is right for you and the carrier's coverage area. Many prepaid plan providers give money back or free cell phone offers. Seasonal offers and discounts are available for buying prepaid cell phones. You can use online services to compare cell phone costs and store ratings. Shops selling used cell phones and online shops are the best resources for cheap prepaid phones.
If you are planning to buy a prepaid cell phone, you have to decide how much you will use the phone, and whether or not it is profitable or not, and the affordable service plans available. Prepaid cell phones are perfect for travelers, occasional users, people with poor

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.873743
Retrieved Text: This is so important so listen up. Everybody knows that sickle cell disease is a blood disorder caused by abnormal hemoglobin, which is the oxygen-carrying protein that is found in red blood cells. Sickle cell disease – also called sickle cell anemia – is genetic, which means that it’s passed down from parent to child. Sickle cells are fragile and they easily rupture, and they tend to cause damage to the spleen.
The lack of oxygen in the blood can cause severe fatigue, a tendency toward chronic pain, and an increased risk of serious infections. Other symptoms include painful episodes known as sickle cell crises, as well as long-term complications like stroke. But here is the deal that you don’t know, for adults who are concerned about their risk of having a child with sickle cell disease, genetic carrier screening can help you and your partner identify their carrier status. These tests are available through a physician so here is the deal. If both parents have sickle cell trait, there is a 50% chance that the child also will have sickle cell trait. Children with trait, will not have symptoms of sickle cell disease, but they can pass sickle cell trait on to their children.
If both parents have Sickle cell trait, there is a 25% chance that the child will have SCD. There is the same 25% chance that the child will not have sickle cell disease or sickle cell trait. If one parent has sickle cell trait, there is a 50% chance that the child will

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.863729
Retrieved Text: Sickle cell anemia is a genetic disorder where the body produces an abnormal hemoglobin called hemoglobin S. Hemoglobin is the protein in red blood cells that carries oxygen. Red blood cells are normally flexible and round, but when the hemoglobin is defective, blood cells take on a “sickle” or crescent shape. This causes the red blood cells to get stuck inside blood vessels and block blood flow and oxygen transport to some parts of the body, thereby causing sickle cell anemia.
Hemoglobin is made up of four different protein subunits, which includes two subunits called alpha-globin and two called beta-globin. Sickle cell anemia is caused by mutations in a gene called HBB, which is the gene that provides instructions for the production of beta-globin.
There are multiple mutations that can occur in the HBB gene. One of these leads to the production of hemoglobin S.
Sickle cell anemia is an autosomal recessive disease, meaning that it only occurs if both the maternal and paternal copies of the HBB gene are defective.
In other words, if an individual receives just one copy of the defective HBB gene, either from their mother or their father, they do not have sickle cell anemia but have what is called “sickle cell trait”. People with sickle cell trait usually do not have any symptoms or problems but they can pass the mutated gene onto their children.
If both parents have sickle cell trait, then there is a 25 percent risk of the child having sickle cell anemia and a 50 percent risk of them having sickle

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.857402
Retrieved Text: Cell death: Is our health at risk?
The life and death of the cells in our bodies are tightly regulated. This is essential for normal function and limiting damage. But cell death can have side effects, and if it malfunctions, our health is at stake.
Every day, more than 50 billion cells die in our bodies. These are not random events, but part of a finely tuned biological mechanism called programmed cell death.
Multicellular organisms, including humans, need to keep a tight lid on the number of cells in their bodies. This would be easy if the cells never divided, but some areas - such as the blood, skin, and lining of the gut - are constantly producing new cells.
Cell death stops excessive and damaged cells from accumulating. This balance, or homeostasis, is essential to maintain a healthy organism and to prevent disease. It is also a crucial mechanism of defense against pathogens, as cells that are infected with bacteria or viruses are removed this way.
Under normal circumstances, dying cells are recycled by the immune system. But unfortunately, programmed cell death is not a foolproof mechanism.
When things go wrong, it can have dire consequences. Cancer, autoimmune conditions, and neurodegeneration are all linked to failures of normal cell death and cell clearance.
There are several different ways that a cell can die. Whatever is at the root of cell death, the corpse lodged in the tissue cannot stick around forever. Here, we enter the realm of the phagocytes, which are specialized white blood, or epithelial, cells that are able to swallow,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.83502
Retrieved Text: OGR implementation in Cell BE v0.2 Freeware Download - Implementation of Golomb Ruler having length of 10 marks on a Cell Broadband Engine simulator, and doing its correctness and performance analysis.
Implementation of Golomb Ruler having length of 10 marks on a Cell Broadband Engine simulator, and doing its correctness and performance analysis. Here, we are not aiming for Optimal Golomb Ruler.
Pirated Software Hurts Software Developers. Using OGR implementation in Cell BE Free Download crack, warez, password, serial numbers, torrent, keygen, registration codes, key generators is illegal. We do not host any torrent files or links of OGR implementation in Cell BE from depositfiles.com, rapidshare.com, any file sharing sites.
image-pcnn-cell is the implementation of Pulse-Coupled Neural Networks (PCNN) which is an image processing algorithm in Cell BE.
Cell Life is a colourful implementation of John Conway's Game of Life. It is not a game as such but a mathematical model designed to simulate basic life with the birth and death of cells.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.831499
Retrieved Text: The first line must begin with ``(Library '', which designates a library file to Xic. The libname on this line following Library is ignored, but by convention is the library file name. Within the file are three kinds of data fields: properties, references, and cells. Any line starting with a pound sign (`#') is taken as a comment and ignored. Blank lines are ignored.
It is recommended that library files be given a ``.lib'' extension. This is not a strict requirement, except that the listing of libraries from the search path provided in the Libraries List button in the File Menu will contain only files with this extension.
All library files (including the device library) support a limited macro capability. The macro capability makes use of the generic macro preprocessor provided in Xic, which is described in 18.1. The reader should refer to this section for a full description of the preprocessor capabilities. The preprocessor provides a few predefined macros used for testing (and customizing for) release number, operating system, etc. The keyword names, which correspond to the generic names as described for the macro preprocessor, are case-insensitive and listed in the following table.
These can be used to conditionally determine which parts of the file are actually loaded when the library is read. Presently, there is no macro expansion or text substitution in lines of text in the library, the macros simply implement flow control. Otherwise, they work the same as similar keywords in the technology file (see A.2) and in scripts (see 18.8), and are reminiscent of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.829822
Retrieved Text: We all have cell phones nowadays – who doesn’t? Even young children and older individuals have their own cell phones, which do come in handy in our hectic and demanding lives. But whilst cell phones have their use and purpose, exposure to the EMF radiation produced by cell phones can cause serious harm to our health. So how can you make sure that you are adequately protected from cell phone radiation, even whilst still keeping this useful gadget? Here’s how.
Place it on airplane mode – or better yet, turn it off!
You should make it a rule to only turn on your cell phone if you are outside the home or if you are traveling. Place your cell phone on airplane or standby mode whenever you can, especially if you are not planning to use it for a certain period of time. Better yet, turn it off if you are not expecting any calls, SMS, or emails. There’s another benefit to this as well: if your cell phone is on airplane mode or turned off, the battery can be saved, making your cell phone more efficient.
If you have to carry your cell phone with you, try not to keep it right next to your skin. The problem is that most of us – men and women – tend to keep our cell phones in our front pockets, which can result in damage to some sensitive organs due to the radiation it emits. Whenever possible, carry your cell phone in your purse (if you are a woman) or

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.82194
Retrieved Text: A good Cell Tower Advisor knows the business. Far too often, a landowner who is approached by a cell site carrier seeks advice from his general business or personal Advisor. While such an Advisor may have some general understanding of the basic provisions in the typical cell site lease, he or she may not be able to spot the issues that are more likely to arise during the term of the agreement or the issues that the carriers are most concerned about. An Advisor lacking experience in negotiating cell site leases may be focusing too much on sections of the lease that are less likely to come into play during the term and consequently, create obstacles during the negotiation and perhaps risk losing the lease for the landowner. Alternatively, the uninformed Advisor may overlook sections that may seem, at first glance, to be non-issues, however, they are, in fact, quite important issues that are more likely to arise during the lease term. It should be noted that even a commercial real estate leasing agent or manager may be ill-equipped to address all factors that are important to negotiating a cell tower lease that sufficiently protects the landowner. Advisors, engineers and leasing representatives who work regularly in the cell siting business will undoubtedly agree that it is a niche industry, the experience of which can only be gained through first-hand knowledge or dealings on a regular basis.
A good Cell Tower advisor is patient and understanding. Many landowners and managers who are approached by cell tower companies are

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.804235
Retrieved Text: While designing or preparing software you may face problem to check JTable cell is empty or not while entering JTable data in Database. Another thing may happen, suppose you are trying to validate your JTable cell empty or not but it is taking space or null entry as a string and your empty cell validation may not work. Here I am sharing you a little but useful technique by which you will be able to check your empty JTable cell and also if you enter space in the JTable cell it will catch this cell as empty and will show error. Just run the given program and check how it works.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.800093
Retrieved Text: Conditional feeders can be used to minimize the storage impact of rule feeders. The typical situation occurs when rule values are calculated by multiplying factors, any of which may be zero. This means that the value should be fed only when all the factors are non-zero.
Commissions should be fed from Sales, but only if the commission rate for the product in the month where the sale occurs is non-zero.
Here, cubename is a conditional expression that results in a blank if the corresponding commission rate is zero. Since a blank cube name cause the feeder to be ignored, the required effect is produced.
NOTE: The above example assumes that commission rates do not change. If a commission rate were to change from zero to a non-zero value, the required feeder would not take place.
Note that since we cannot write a conditional expression based on the sales to feed only those salespersons that have non-zero sales, all salespersons must be fed, which results in overfeeding.
Note that re-starting the server will also ensure all feeders in all cubes are re-processed. This is normally not recommended because, depending on how many cubes need to be fed, it may take an unnecessarily long time.
Cell A feeds cell B.
Cell B feeds cell C when condition D is true (this is the conditional feeder).
Assuming condition D is false, a change in the value of cell A triggers feeding of cell B, but the feeding of cell B does not trigger the feeding of cell C. This is because at this point, condition D is

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.793983
Retrieved Text: The Significance of having Customized Phone cases.
Today, the world we are living in, cell phones have become the integral devices in our lives. Every adult wants to be with a cell phone and the most surprising bit s that even small kids and children are so much willing to know how to use the smartphone. Read more about phone case at Custom Envy cases .So many parents are using their cell phones for keeping toddlers and little children busy when they are busy doing some other things. All cell phones are at risk of falling or being physically damaged. However, this is not a guarantee, but it can be controlled. The cell phone cases have come to solve the problems of cell phone physical damages from falling or being damaged by another physical object. Also scratching of the cell phone physically is another impact which can affect the physical appearance of the cell phone. A cell phone case which is well fitted to the cell phone can reduce the chances cell phone damage. Customized cell phone cases have several other benefits which will be discussed shortly in this article.
There is no doubt that to most individuals in the world; their phones are essential to them which implies that they will do everything they can to protect them. One of the things that you can use to prevent your phone from damage is the phone case since most of them are designed in such a way that they can absorb shock when you drop the device.Read more

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.787418
Retrieved Text: "Normal cells have more time between S phases to repair damaged DNA."
The explanation says that cancer cells replicate faster than normal cells. But when I took Cell Bio, my professor said that cancer cells do not replicate faster than normal cells, they just don't have to ability to regulate replication, so they keep dividing.
Which is actually correct? and how should I answer this on the MCAT?
The bulk of cell mitosis is in the copying of the genetic material in the nuclei. Part of that process involves checking to see that nuclei were copied correctly. If this were to happen for a cancerous cell, then clearly the daughter cells would self-cure. A perfectly normal set of chromosomes would regulate all aspects of cell function properly, including the RNA that operate on the DNA.
That the cancer continues suggests that process skipped out on the checking of the DNA. Since this process is missing, the cancer cell replicates faster.
Just my 2c, which could be very wrong.
Cancer is a multifactorial, extremely diverse disease. Whether the time between S phases is changed depends on the tissue from which the cancer arises. Hematopoietic cells, gastric cells, skin epithelia, and so on divide continually or near-continually. Cells such as muscle cells, kidney cells, brain or other nervous tissue, and so on divide less frequently or potentially not at all (where interphase, mainly G1, is reduced to shorten the cell cycle). Hence, the timing between S phases is drastically shortened in certain types of cancer relative to the underlying tissue and not change or

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.784223
Retrieved Text: The cell cycle or cell-division cycle is the series of events that take place in a cell leading to its division and duplication of its DNA (DNA replication) to produce two daughter cells. In bacteria, which lack a cell nucleus, the cell cycle is divided into the B, C, and D periods. The B period extends from the end of cell division to the beginning of DNA replication. DNA replication occurs during the C period. The D period refers to the stage between the end of DNA replication and the splitting of the bacterial cell into two daughter cells. In cells with a nucleus, as in eukaryotes, the cell cycle is also divided into three periods: interphase, the mitotic (M) phase, and cytokinesis. During interphase, the cell grows, accumulating nutrients needed for mitosis, preparing it for cell division and duplicating its DNA. During the mitotic phase, the chromosomes separate. During the final stage, cytokinesis, the chromosomes and cytoplasm separate into two new daughter cells. To ensure the proper division of the cell, there are control mechanisms known as cell cycle checkpoints.
The cell-division cycle is a vital process by which a single-celled fertilized egg develops into a mature organism, as well as the process by which hair, skin, blood cells, and some internal organs are renewed. After cell division, each of the daughter cells begin the interphase of a new cycle. Although the various stages of interphase are not usually morphologically distinguishable, each phase of the cell cycle has a distinct set of specialized biochemical processes that

================



======= Instance Index 1798 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is not a cell?" and the following answer choices: 
- A computer
 - all matter
 - smallpox
 - an object
 - illness
 - bacteria
 - Most plants
 - hydrocarbons

Now knowing that viruses are not cells and some smallpox viruses are maintained in laboratories, choose the best answer.

Target Text: smallpox

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.649973
Retrieved Text: Definitions, causes and information about Sickle Cell Anemia.
1. What is sickle cell anemia?
Sickle cell anemia is an inheritable red blood cell disorder. Normal red blood cells are round while these blood cells are shaped like a crescent or sickle. Because these cells are abnormally shaped, they do not last as long which causes anemia. These sickle cells can also get caught in blood vessels, consequently causing a blockage in blood flow. This can result in pain and organ damage. It is a life-long disease with high morbidity and mortality.
2. What causes sickle cell anemia?
Sickle cell anemia is not contagious; children inherit it from their parents. When sickle cell anemia is inherited, the child is passed two sickle cell genes, one from each parent.
3. What are the signs and symptoms of sickle cell anemia?
Individuals are born with sickle cell anemia, but symptoms are not immediate. Typically, symptoms begin to show at around four months old. Symptoms and the severity of symptoms vary amongst individuals. Some may experience mild symptoms while others may experience symptoms at such a severe level that they may require hospitalization.
The most common symptoms of this disease include fatigue and feeling weak. Severe or long-lasting cases of this disease can lead to damage to organs such as the heart, brain, lungs, kidney, spleen, and others. Extremely severe cases can cause death. People living with sickle cell anemia regularly deal with chronic pain, often in their bones. Individuals may also experience a sudden pain called a “sickle cell crisis” which can occur anywhere in the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.249755
Retrieved Text: DNA replication - how many times and when does it occur?
I’m currently learning about DNA replication in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells. And my lecturer has mentioned that replication is a once in a lifetime activity. And I’m not sure what this is implying because I’ve searched up that DNA replication occurs during cell division (cell cycles), which occur repetitively as organisms develop.
This sounds like a difference in perspective of when exactly cells "die". If you consider that, in a cell division, a mother cell "gives birth" to two daughter cells, you could argue that the mother cell has "died". It makes sense to think about cell division in this way because it puts both daughter cells in the same level, without one being "special" due to it being the mother cell itself while the other is considered the "new cell".
If you face cell division like this, any cell (eukaryote or procaryote) will only really duplicate their DNA once: they duplicate their DNA -> they split into daughter cells, in which they "die" -> (eventually) each daughter cell duplicate their DNA -> and so on.
Like I said this is just a particular POV we can adpot when we try to understand and describe cell cycle and cell division (although it is a common one for researchers in the field).
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged dna dna-replication eukaryotic-cells prokaryotic-cells or ask your own question.
Can replication occur if DNA is methylated?
What errors can occur during DNA replication?
DNA replication: How many DNA polymerase molecules work

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.233363
Retrieved Text: in libreoffice calc V4.1 , when copy and paste date like 03SEP, it can recognize as 03Sep2014(just as what I set in cell format), but now in V4.3, it says "#VALUE!". Help please and thanks!
Please edit your question to indicate: (a) the data entered into the cell e.g., 2014-08-19; (b) the format code used to display the data e.g., DDMMM; (c) what is displayed in the cell e.g., 19Aug; (d) whatever actions you then take regarding this data e.g., copy/paste. Thanks.
OK. I answer as below: (a) the data entered into the cell:03SEP (input manully, or copy/paste here) (b) the format code used to display the data:DDMMM; (c) what is displayed in the cell:03SEP; (d) whatever actions you then take regarding this data:No more actions. the cell format is set as english format anything like 03Sep...etc.
My test shows that we have a bug.
I can't confirm that bug. Note that portable versions are not good for testing as they are packaged separately by third parties.
@oweng - I am aware of the limitation of the portable versions. I just have no alternative right now. My production version is 4.2.6.2. Nevertheless thanks for adding the comment for others. ----- Thanks for your testing. I saw the result at BugZilla.
@oweng - This is really interesting. I made a test in 4.2.6.2 ---- 1) Unformatted cell > enter string 03Sep > string appears as text being aligned at the left side of the cell > reformatting to date is not possible ------ 2) formatted cell DDMMM > enter string 03Sep > string

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.212486
Retrieved Text: There may be a typo in “Prokaryotic cells do not possess a cell membrane”, I think what prokaryotic cells don’t have is the nuclear membrane.
I think there is a error, after the image “Eukaryote vs. Prokaryote” it is written that “Prokaryotic cells do not possess a cell membrane, although they do have a cell wall”, prokaryote cells do have cell membrane but dont have nuclear membrane, your own image contradict the statment. They have cell membrane and a cell wall and some of them have capsules.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.184421
Retrieved Text: Muscles interact with our nervous system.
If a cell doesn’t have a job it is not needed. They all have a purpose and that purpose is to survive. If any cell is missing a piece it would die. All the pieces of a cell are called organelles. Complex molecules make up organelles and that is what keeps cells alive. If a cell is growing it needs more organelles than a smaller cell. Mitochondria help cells process food into energy. A larger cell would need more mitochondria than a smaller cell. Cells that are more advanced do not survive well on their own. Cells that are not advanced could live on their own.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.184169
Retrieved Text: Ans: The structural and functional unit of the living organism is called cell.
Ques: Name the instrument by which cell can be seen.
Ques: What is unicellular organism?
Ans: The organism which is made of only one cell that is called unicellular organism. Ex – amoeba and paramecium.
Ques: What are multi cellular organisms?
Ans: The organism which is made of more than one cell are called multi cellular organism. Ex – human and tree.
Ques:Which part of the cell contains organelles?
Ques:Distinguish between plant cell and animal cell.
cell wall is present in it.
Cell wall is absent in it.
Ques: Name the projection in amoeba by which it take food.
Ans: A tissue is a group of similar cells having a specific function.
Ques:What are the basic components of a cell?
Ans: The basic components of a cell are cell membrane, cytoplasm and nucleus.
Ques:Name the components of cell which are enclosed within the cell membrane.
Ques:State the difference between eukaryotes and prokaryotes.
The organisms which cells have a nuclear membrane are called eukaryotes.
Ex. Onion and other animals’ cells.
The organisms which cells do not have nuclear membrane are called prokaryotes.
Ex. Bacteria, blue green algae.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.157802
Retrieved Text: Thanks to the rollout of 5G networks and increased demand to expand cell service to more rural areas, there is a lot of talk around cell towers and cell tower leases. Tower leasing activity increased last year and the projected rates for the year ahead indicate even more growth in coming years.
Every day, landowners are contacted about adding cell towers to their land and existing leases are being extended.
At first glance, the lease offers sound great. The tower company will tell you it’s a win-win — and it certainly can be. But before you sign the dotted line, it’s important to understand what you’re giving up & what you’re going to gain.
One of the most important factors to consider is the length of the contract & who is legally obligated by it. My dad used to tell me that certain situations were like a “ham and egg breakfast”. The chicken is participating and the pig is committed.
Most cell tower leases are the same as a “ham and egg breakfast”: the cell tower company can terminate the cell tower lease whenever they want, but the property owner is committed for 20, 30 or more years.
Before you sit down to the breakfast table with a cell tower company, know exactly what is on the menu.
What you gain by allowing a cell tower on your property is simple: money. You will either collect rent or get a lump sum payment for the right to use your property.
Cell tower site values are not determined in the same manner as real

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.153322
Retrieved Text: A free reverse cell phone lookup is something that is proving to be more and more elegant with every single day that passes.
If you think about it, using a reverse cell phone directory to trace a cell phone number should be a fairly easy process, right? You find one online, enter the cell phone number, and they all of the information appears. At this point, your wife or husband stops cheating on you and all of the prank phone calls come to a screeching hault!
If you think this is what really happens, you are living in a fantasy world.
In reality, a free reverse cell phone lookup is something that you have to do a little bit of leg work to accomplish. What I mean by this is, there are a couple of things that you can try in order to trace cell phone numbers free though, none of them are guaranteed to work.
The three methods listed above are the only proven ways to trace cell numbers for free. If you are unable to use them effectively you may have to blow the cobwebs out of your wallet and rely on a reverse cell phone directory online. These types of directories guarantee results in the sense that if they do not work you do not pay.
How much do they charge to trace a cell phone number?
In the grand scheme of things, believe it or not, it is only a couple of dollars, but if they get no match for you, you are not charged a dime. Now

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.143182
Retrieved Text: How many times is the name Jesus mentioned in the quran?
[2:87] We gave Moses the Book and followed him up with a succession of messengers; We gave Jesus the son of Mary Clear (Signs) and strengthened him with the holy spirit. Is it that whenever there comes to you a messenger with what ye yourselves desire not, ye are puffed up with pride?- Some ye called impostors, and others ye slay!
[2:136] Say ye: "We believe in Allah, and the revelation given to us, and to Abraham, Isma'il, Isaac, Jacob, and the Tribes, and that given to Moses andJesus, and that given to (all) prophets from their Lord: We make no difference between one and another of them: And we bow to Allah (in Islam)."
[2:253] Those messengers We endowed with gifts, some above others: To one of them Allah spoke; others He raised to degrees (of honour); to Jesus the son of Mary We gave clear (Signs), and strengthened him with the holy spirit. If Allah had so willed, succeeding generations would not have fought among each other, after clear (Signs) had come to them, but they (chose) to wrangle, some believing and others rejecting. If Allah had so willed, they would not have fought each other; but Allah Fulfilleth His plan.
[3:52] When Jesus found Unbelief on their part He said: "Who will be My helpers to (the work of) Allah?" Said the disciples: "We are Allah's helpers: We believe in Allah, and do thou bear witness that we are Muslims.
[3:55] Behold! Allah said: "O Jesus! I

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.141041
Retrieved Text: Application: Binocular, Monocular, Telescope, Microscope, Spotting Scope, Night Vision, etc.
The Solomark Universal Cell Phone Adapter is really easy and not at all complicated to use, the Solomark Universal Cell Phone Adapter is very light weight, built out of ABS.
What I like about the Solomark Universal Cell Phone Adapter is that lining up the cell phone camera with the hole is so easy takes only a minute or two for me to line my Samung Galaxy S7 up with the hole on the adapter.
What I do not like about the Solomark Universal Cell Phone Adapter is that over time the pads on the adapter will peel off from being used a lot that is one of the biggest problems with many adapters like it.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.123393
Retrieved Text: Print This Article : Free Cell Phones - Are They Worth It?
Unless a family member hands you an activated cell phone and announces it as a gift, you will more than likely learn that no cell phone is free. You always see the advertisements for free cell phones being offered on the Internet and on commercials however there is no such thing.
Okay, so maybe the phone is free however there is a catch as is usual with most things. This catch is called a contract. Service contracts are the life blood of any cellular carrier and as long as they can entice you into that contract they will continue to offer newer and more cool "free phones". Now, I'm not saying carriers are evil or deceptive, but you must become more conscious of your consumer behavior.
Depending on your needs and uses of a cell phone not all free phones are created equal. You may want to ask yourself exactly what you want from a cell phone before leaping into a free cell phone contract. Ask yourself if you are going to want to text message a lot, check email, surf the web, take pictures, or how big of a calling list you are going to have on your cell phone.
Each cell phone will have it's strengths and weaknesses which may include ear piece sound quality, speaker phone quality, mega pixel quality (for both viewing and taking pictures) as well as other features you may want to utilize in a cell phone. It may make more sense

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.121963
Retrieved Text: This is so important so listen up. Everybody knows that sickle cell disease is a blood disorder caused by abnormal hemoglobin, which is the oxygen-carrying protein that is found in red blood cells. Sickle cell disease – also called sickle cell anemia – is genetic, which means that it’s passed down from parent to child. Sickle cells are fragile and they easily rupture, and they tend to cause damage to the spleen.
The lack of oxygen in the blood can cause severe fatigue, a tendency toward chronic pain, and an increased risk of serious infections. Other symptoms include painful episodes known as sickle cell crises, as well as long-term complications like stroke. But here is the deal that you don’t know, for adults who are concerned about their risk of having a child with sickle cell disease, genetic carrier screening can help you and your partner identify their carrier status. These tests are available through a physician so here is the deal. If both parents have sickle cell trait, there is a 50% chance that the child also will have sickle cell trait. Children with trait, will not have symptoms of sickle cell disease, but they can pass sickle cell trait on to their children.
If both parents have Sickle cell trait, there is a 25% chance that the child will have SCD. There is the same 25% chance that the child will not have sickle cell disease or sickle cell trait. If one parent has sickle cell trait, there is a 50% chance that the child will

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.120978
Retrieved Text: MY NAME IS MUHAMMAD SHAHRUKH.
WHEN I REWRITE THIS VALUE MYSELF SO THAT TIME MY FORMULA SHOWS ERROR.
Without actually seeing your formula it is very difficult to say what is wrong with it.
Please post the formula, and as you are using VLOOKUP() also include the data that you are looking up.
So, something like that would help, as well as telling us what value you are re-writing. Is it the value in cell A1 in the above example, or is it something else.
Please remember, we can't see your worksheet.
YES FRIEND,The formula and example you wrote in answer as same i m applying but i don't know why this is not working.when i write these data manually that time it dosen't work.
This data i copied FROM access to excel.
if i apply vlookup in b1 and c1 so this time it work and show correct value.But when i remove or delete Cell A1 value and write again Cell A1 value by keyboard so that time vlookup shows error "#N/A". I dont know why its happening.And this is happening also with others cells valuesas A2,A3,A4,,,,,,ETC.
There are several problems with your formula.
This means that VLOOKUP is going to try and find 2001 in the table_array.
First of all VLOOKUP is a Vertical lookup, meaning that it looks in a vertical range of cells - cells arranged in columns and tries to find your lookup value in the first column.
This means that it is looking for 2001 in the cell that contains 2001. It therefor finds it - looking for the contents of cell

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.111531
Retrieved Text: What The Hell Is Splinter Cell Now?
It's not the Splinter Cell of Chaos Theory and Pandora Tomorrow, but it's not the focus-shifting Conviction either. So what is it?
Cut from Wii U in order to ship the game at the same time as other versions, says Ubisoft.
Get your hands on Fisher's latest mission a month before launch.
Splinter Cell: Blacklist Hands-On: Next-Gen Now?
Splinter Cell: Blacklist may be sitting in the 'end of gen' gap, but Ubisoft believes it can take on the next-gen now.
Blacklist's 'economy system' rewards players who stick to the shadows.
Ubisoft's Maxime Béland believes Splinter Cell: Blacklist is on the same level as the next-generation.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.106918
Retrieved Text: What is selective permeability of a cell membrane? How does it work in a cell? Read to know all about it.
Just like an airport or a city, every living cell has a check post-like mechanism at its outer membrane, which controls the inflow and outflow of molecules. In cell biology terms, it is known as 'Selective Permeability' of the membrane. The aim of this article is to explain the working of this mechanism which makes cellular transport possible.
All living cells are mostly encapsulated or sheathed in a phospholipid bilayer, which segregates the cell's cytoplasm from its external surroundings and facilitates the transport of molecules, in and out of the cell. It is usually surrounded by a plasma layer, which plays an active role in controlling cellular transport.
Selective permeability of a cell membrane is the property that allows it to control the inflow and outflow of molecules. This property allows the cell to segregate its inner cytoplasm from the external environment. Only those molecules which are needed to sustain the inner processes of the cell, like respiration, are allowed in, while waste products are allowed to move out. This property is simply the ability of the cell to decide what goes in or what stays out.
How is this selectivity or differential permeability of the cell made possible? It is made possible by a very effective screening mechanism, constituting the protein channels of the cell membrane and its porous nature.
The chances of any molecule arriving at a cell and making it through the membrane are dependent on its

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.053509
Retrieved Text: Does a cell contain a particular text?
Thread: Does a cell contain a particular text?
What is the easiest way to determine if for Cell A1 contains a particular text? The cell most likely will contain one or two 2 to 3 character words separated by commas I don't care where my search text is in the cell, I just want to know is it there?
Re: Does a cell contain a particular text?
Meant to write . . . "if Cell A1". . . . . .
This will return FALSE when the string of interest in not found, TRUE when it is.
NOTE: the above formula is NOT case sensitive. If you prefer the string of interest to be case sensitive, replace SEARCH with FIND.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.047453
Retrieved Text: Living Science Solutions for Class 8 Science Chapter 8 Cell Structure And Functions are provided here with simple step-by-step explanations. These solutions for Cell Structure And Functions are extremely popular among class 8 students for Science Cell Structure And Functions Solutions come handy for quickly completing your homework and preparing for exams. All questions and answers from the Living Science Book of class 8 Science Chapter 8 are provided here for you for free. You will also love the ad-free experience on Meritnation’s Living Science Solutions. All Living Science Solutions for class 8 Science are prepared by experts and are 100% accurate.
Which of these is multicellular?
Multicellular means made of more than one cells. Mushroom is a multicellular organism. All the other organisms mentioned here, are unicellular.
The egg of a hen is a cell. It divides repeatedly and differentiates into various tissues to develop into a chicken.
Which of these is not present in an animal cell?
In an animal cell, chloroplasts are not present. Chloroplasts are present in green plants and serve as the sites of photosynthesis in plants.
Which of these is the control centre of the cell?
The control centre of the cell is nucleus. The nucleus contains chromosomes, which divide during cell division.
Which organelles are responsible for energy production in a cell?
Mitochondria is responsible for energy production in a cell.
Which of these is not stated by the cell theory?
(a) Cells are the basic structural units of living organisms.
(b) All cells are identical.
(c) New cells are formed due to division in old cells.
(d) The way an organism functions

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.042584
Retrieved Text: should i buy this phone? (link incl.)?
Which cell phone has the best audio quality?
I found a Thing looks like mobile?
CELL PHONE BUSINESS In INDIA?
Anybody know about windows phones?
Where can I sell my broken old phones?
Making a cellphone change. Opinions?
Cell phone + PC speaker output plays low?
Which mobile i should buy spice Mi 505 or Micromax Canvas 2?
How to convince my parents to get me a phone?
My friend dropped his cellphone on my Laptop?
How to Apply For Jobs Without a Cell Phone or Home Phone?
Which cellphone to buy if im having budget of 30k inr ...not more than that?
What was life like without internet and cell phones?
My Mobile icon on Facebook doesn't show up for my friends anymore?
Which is better I phone 4s or iPhone 5?
Why is my cell phone not chargeing ?
Why do they make you turn off cellphones or electronics in an airplane?
Need a new cell phone company.?
How do I download viber or oovoo on my mobile phone?
Buying prepaid cellphone to use overseas?
how do i put videos together on my phone?
I lost my net10 cell phone number?
How can i share my videos to Facebook from my cell cellphone?
opt out of mobile phone verification on yahoo mail?
Can school search you for a cell phone?
what is the best cellphone today?
I want to sell my old cell phone?
Will i have to pay for my cell phone?!?
Anyone please tell me how i download youtube videos on mobile?
cellphone language automatically become chinese, how to return back to english?
my cell phone is deleting media files?
Is it worth to open a new

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.023832
Retrieved Text: It appears like everywhere a particular person goes there is at least one particular person in view with a cell telephone to their ear no matter whether it is on the road, in a store, in a parking lot, walking down the street, and so on. Even in places exactly where cell phone usage is banned such as concert halls or movie theaters there is the occasional offender, or a lot more probably, at least a few individuals employing the text messaging feature on their phone.
Cell phone usage has exploded over the past decade and continues to rise. Almost two hundred million individuals in the United States have cell phones and there are nicely more than one billion customers worldwide. That indicates there are a lot of phones sending their frequencies over the airwaves at any provided time.
Concern has arisen more than whether or not or not cell telephone usage can harm a persons health. My family friend found out about account by browsing Yahoo. Brain cancer prices in the United States have risen given that cell phones had been introduced, top some men and women to wonder if cell phone usage is the reason for the increase.
There have been reports of people establishing brain tumors in the precise very same spot exactly where they held their cell telephone. Some studies have expressed concern over extended-term cell telephone use, believing it can lead to a particular person to develop cancer. That is not to say a person who uses a cell phone is going to get

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.010061
Retrieved Text: Zooming in on the cell-- what makes animals and plants different?
Zooming in on the cell– what makes animals and plants different?
Plants and animals are about as different as you can get. Plants make their own food and are stuck in one place, while animals need to find food to eat and can move around on their own. But, what makes plants and animals truly different? Each living organism is built from cells, and though plant and animal cells are very similar, there are key differences between these organisms.
What makes the deer and ferns different? Image credits: Max Pixel.
As a small high school biology recap, all cells, regardless of whether they are in plants or animals, are bound in a membrane and contain organelles that perform tasks that keep the cell going. The core organelles in plant and animal cells are responsible for essential tasks such as processing energy, making new proteins, and getting rid of waste as performed by the mitochondria, endoplasmic reticulum, the Golgi Apparatus, and others. The activities going on in these cells are coordinated by the nucleus, which also stores precious DNA. Now, on to what make plant and animal cells special.
Plants have three main differences that distinguish them from animals. Chloroplasts allow plant to make their own food by harnessing the energy of the sun. A really long time ago (millions of years), single celled organisms evolved the ability to use solar energy to split water molecules and generate oxygen. Cells engulfed some of these photosynthetic organisms, and likely formed a symbiotic

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.006974
Retrieved Text: Why do I need an EFOY COMFORT fuel cell?
The EFOY COMFORT fuel cell is a fully automated battery charger that is quiet, simple and environmentally friendly, operating as a power generator in mobile homes, boats or cabins.
What is the EFOY COMFORT fuel cell designed for?
The EFOY COMFORT fuel cell has been designed and developed for private operation in mobile homes, boats or cabins. If you need a fuel cell for commercial or professional use, SFC can provide the ideal solution with its EFOY Pro range of products.
A fuel cell is a galvanic cell that converts the energy created by the chemical reaction between a constant stream of fuel and an oxidant into electrical energy. The underlying principle is an electrochemical process that is also known as "cold combustion". It is in principle the reversal of electrolysis. A fuel cell is not an energy store but a converter that generates electricity. The energy required to produce electricity comes from the fuel.
How does the EFOY COMFORT fuel cell work?
The EFOY COMFORT fuel cell converts the fuel in the fuel cartridge directly into electrical current. Thanks to this direct conversion, which is performed with no moving parts, silently and environmentally friendly, the fuel cell is extremely efficient and clean.
Can I use the EFOY COMFORT fuel cell in hybrid operation with a solar energy system?
Yes. A lot of our customers do this. The fuel cell switches on automatically when there is insufficient sun available for the solar energy system. There is also an intelligent hybrid system for use with mobile

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.998595
Retrieved Text: 19/06/2002 · The problem is that the data is slightly corrupt and there is text in a few cells. My macro craps out because of the data type issue. If the cell is text all I need to do is skip the cell and go on to the next cell. Is there a VBA form of ISNUMBER or ISTEXT? Thanks... 15/09/2014 · Is there anyway for Crystal Reports to convert the data type? Some suggest linking the tables via formula's but never provide an example. Others say use a formula to convert the data type, then link one table to that formula, but yet again no examples.
The main problem with this type of formula is that it is difficult to understand what slice of the data is being calculated by the CUBEVALUE. If your data model is very simple then you might be able to look at a cell that is referenced in the formula and determine what table or field it is from. The referenced cell will only display the member name. If you don't know what table or field that... In the Incremental change box, type 1. This value controls how much the spin button control increments the current value. To put a number value in cell G1 (depending on which item is selected in the list), type G1 in the Cell link box.
9/03/2007 · Secondly, the record selection formula is totally independent of whether the report is using a cross-tab object or not. The cross-tab is just another object you add to the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.987613
Retrieved Text: Assuming cell A1 is the cell to change color and cell A2 is the cell to contain a letter.
Repeat for as many colors as required.
Yes, you should be able to select a range of cells and add the formula once and it will apply to all the cells.
I do not have Excel 2007 on this PC, so I can't test it now, but I think that when you get to the step showing the formula that there is a box showing the range of cells that the formula/formatting applies to.
Hope one of these does what you want.
Basically when you have a selection, Excel takes what you entered as the formula etc. for the first cell selected in the selected area and then extends it to all the cells in the selection.
If a cell address in the formula has $ signs in it, the address is not changed across the selection. If there are no $ signs, the address is changed across the selection.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.973213
Retrieved Text: What is the spray foam insulating air barrier system?
Does Spray foam technology control air leakage?
What are the differences between closed cell and open cell foams?
What makes open cell foam insulation so effective?
How does open cell foam insulation save consumers money?
How does open cell foam insulation control indoor air quality and comfort?
What is the R-Value of open cell foam insulation per inch?
What is the R-Value of open cell foam insulated wall of ceiling?
What is the difference between open and closed cells foams?
Does open cell foam insulation adhere to metal or wood studs?
How is open cell foam insulation installed?
Does open cell foam insulation cause any electrical wiring overheat problems?
Can homeowners install open cell foam insulation themselves?
How long does open cell foam insulation last?
How long does it take for open cell foam insulation to cure?
At what stage is open cell foam insulation installed?
How long has open cell foam insulation been around?
Does open cell foam insulation contain formaldehyde?
Spray Foam is a closed cell, spray-applied polyurethane foam (SPF) system that creates a seamless, insulating air barrier.
SPF is a two component product that when combined forms a dense, hard, insulating material. The dense material is created when the “A” Iso Component is mixed with the “B” Resin Component. Once the two chemicals are combined through a high heat, high pressure equipment system, a chemical reaction occurs which causes the material to harden within 3-5 seconds.
Spray Foam insulation must be installed with specific spray-applied foam application equipment.
Closed cell spray foam insulation has an effective R-Value of 6.4 to 6.8 per inch.
Spray Foam is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.972865
Retrieved Text: Hey you got a few seconds can you help me with an excel formula? What I am trying to do seems like it should be an easy thing but for whatever I can’t zone in on why it’s not working. What I’m trying to do is have a cell with a date and have that cell change colors from green meaning recently done, yellow would be like 6 months from whatever date is put in the cell, and then red when that date is over a year old.
But all these colors would be in one cell. I have tried a formula that I found in the help thing within excel it’s something like this =IF(TODAY()=EDATE(E4),TRUE,FALSE) format in green color. I’ve done this in the conditional formatting option along with these formulas as well; =IF(TODAY()>EDATE(E4,6),TRUE,FALSE) format yellow, and =IF(TODAY()>=EDATE(E4,12),TRUE,FALSE) format in red. For some reason I can’t get it to reflect the change when the date is changed. I know I probably sound stupid because it’s probably something super simple but I can’t stare at it anymore.
First, this formula will never work because it is missing the months argument.
I'm not sure what you mean by "recently done" (it's not very specific) but that formula won't work for any situation. One way to test formulas that you want to use for Conditional Formatting is to put them in a cell to see if they return TRUE or FALSE when you want them to. In this case, you would see that Excel would return an error because you are

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.969106
Retrieved Text: Recently, the Gracious Mistress of the Parsonage and Yours Truly upgraded our lives with cell phones. Up to this time, I just assumed the cell phone was what a prisoner used..
My wife and I drug our feet for a long time until we finally took the plunge. Both of us finally went to the cell phone store and signed up for cell phone service. She picked out a phone for her and then picked up another phone and turned to me and said, "I think this will suit you."
I learned long ago that when my wife is "thinking," I should not interrupt the phenomenon.
I must say she did not hog the whole experience of purchasing cell phones. She rather graciously allowed me to pull out my checkbook and write a check for our cell phone service. I wrote that check and signed it with a smile not knowing what I was really doing.
I have found not knowing what I am doing really is a very peaceful part of my life. There is no stress when you do not know what you are doing. However, when you have some idea what you are doing, then comes the stress. I must admit, most of my life is stress free.
Now, that we have upgraded our lifestyle, life has become rather easy for us.
I really did not know how the simple act of signing up for cell phone service would so drastically change our life. There is something with our service called texting. I have heard of this of course,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.962657
Retrieved Text: The Reinforcement worksheets are designed to focus primarily on science content and less on vocabulary, although knowledge of the lesson vocabulary supports understanding of the content.... ) When possible relate these life functions to the cell as well as to the human body. II) Look at the Cell Structure Activity sheet. Make sure that the students know what each of the organelles is and what it’s function is for the cell.
Alive or not: What re 2 examples of things that are alive? What are 2 parts plants and animals both have? Instead of a wall, cells have a.instructions for directing the cells functions.
Learn cell parts and functions with free interactive flashcards. Choose from 500 different sets of cell parts and functions flashcards on Quizlet.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.96127
Retrieved Text: Animal cells never have cell walls.
This Biology quiz is called 'Cell Structure' and it has been written by teachers to help you if you are studying the subject at middle school. Playing educational quizzes is a fabulous way to learn if you are in the 6th, 7th or 8th grade - aged 11 to 14.
Students of middle school Biology will be expected to familiarize themselves with the various features of plant and animal cells, such as the nucleus or the mitochondria for example. This quiz on cell structure will help them to do just that.
In the early 1800s, Scottish scientist Robert Brown was examining plant cells under a microscope when he noticed that there was a similar structure in each and every cell he looked at. It had been seen before but it was Brown who first realized it was present in all plant cells, and he called it ‘the nucleus’.
We now know that animal and plant cells have many features in common - a nucleus, cytoplasm, mitochondria, ribosomes and a cell membrane. Plant cells have chloroplasts for photosynthesis, a permanent vacuole and a cell wall. Brown had no idea of the importance of the nucleus, or that it was also found in animal cells too, but scientists have gradually discovered more and more about how cells work.
The nucleus contains the DNA of an organism and it is this that instructs the cell what to do and how to do it. Most cells contain DNA but bacterial cells do not have a nucleus as the DNA

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.945977
Retrieved Text: Want to get a crash course into modern cell and molecular biology, but do not have the time to read an entire textbook or watch two dozen video lectures? Then this booklet on the molecular biology of cells will serve as a great resource.
Why are cells so important for understand how the human body works? How do mitochondria work? What is the difference between Golgi and the ER? What is DNA and how is it replicated? How do new proteins form? Is smell a form of taste? How do neurotransmitters in a vesicle leave the cell?
What are embryonic stem cells? What is the difference between mitosis and meiosis? What is the process of glycosylation? What roles does the molecule ubiquitin have? What is a model organism and why are they important in biological research? What genetic processes make you unique? What is Werner syndrome? Why do cells have the tools for their own destruction? How does apoptosis differ from necrosis? How has high-throughput -omics revolutionized biology?
The cell is the basic unit of life. They can join together into tissues and organs that control vital aspects of human existence. The inside of cells are equally fascinating. Different organelles inside the cell are involved in replication, transforming basic building blocks into cellular structures, producing proteins, moving different substances across the cell and many more exciting events.
Inside the Cell is a short molecular biology textbook from the National Institute of General Medical Sciences. They call it a booklet, but with its 84 pages that cover material from cellular compartments

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.945848
Retrieved Text: Oh Virtuous Shaikh, What is the ruling on a person in ‘Itikaf calling on a cell phone inside the Masjid haram and charging it using the electricity of the haram?
This is a precise issue. As for speaking on a cell phone in the Haram, then there is no harm in it. It is like you speaking to your friend who is next to you in the Haram. So you speak on your cell phone to the one who calls you like the way you speak to the one next to you. However, with the condition that the reception on the cell phone is not weak so that you have to raise your voice, which will disturb the people. If the reception is strong and you speak through the cell phone to the one who calls you without disturbing others, then there is no harm.
However, there is another disturbance from the telephone and it is the notification of the telephone; the ringing of the cell phone. So like that, it it necessary for a person to decrease the ringing as much as he can so as not to disturb the people. Then, he should not place the cell phone in front of the people or the row while it is on its back. Do you know what placing the phone on its stomach means (i.e. face down)? This is because if it is placed on its back and a call comes, the notification will be apparent. People’s concentration in prayer is little and if a person sees

================



======= Instance Index 1801 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is not a cell?" and the following answer choices: 
- all matter
 - layers of fat
 - illness
 - bacteria
 - influenza
 - Leptospirosis
 - an object
 - hydrocarbons

Now knowing that viruses are not cells and influenza viruses mutate, choose the best answer.

Target Text: influenza

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.649973
Retrieved Text: Definitions, causes and information about Sickle Cell Anemia.
1. What is sickle cell anemia?
Sickle cell anemia is an inheritable red blood cell disorder. Normal red blood cells are round while these blood cells are shaped like a crescent or sickle. Because these cells are abnormally shaped, they do not last as long which causes anemia. These sickle cells can also get caught in blood vessels, consequently causing a blockage in blood flow. This can result in pain and organ damage. It is a life-long disease with high morbidity and mortality.
2. What causes sickle cell anemia?
Sickle cell anemia is not contagious; children inherit it from their parents. When sickle cell anemia is inherited, the child is passed two sickle cell genes, one from each parent.
3. What are the signs and symptoms of sickle cell anemia?
Individuals are born with sickle cell anemia, but symptoms are not immediate. Typically, symptoms begin to show at around four months old. Symptoms and the severity of symptoms vary amongst individuals. Some may experience mild symptoms while others may experience symptoms at such a severe level that they may require hospitalization.
The most common symptoms of this disease include fatigue and feeling weak. Severe or long-lasting cases of this disease can lead to damage to organs such as the heart, brain, lungs, kidney, spleen, and others. Extremely severe cases can cause death. People living with sickle cell anemia regularly deal with chronic pain, often in their bones. Individuals may also experience a sudden pain called a “sickle cell crisis” which can occur anywhere in the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.249755
Retrieved Text: DNA replication - how many times and when does it occur?
I’m currently learning about DNA replication in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells. And my lecturer has mentioned that replication is a once in a lifetime activity. And I’m not sure what this is implying because I’ve searched up that DNA replication occurs during cell division (cell cycles), which occur repetitively as organisms develop.
This sounds like a difference in perspective of when exactly cells "die". If you consider that, in a cell division, a mother cell "gives birth" to two daughter cells, you could argue that the mother cell has "died". It makes sense to think about cell division in this way because it puts both daughter cells in the same level, without one being "special" due to it being the mother cell itself while the other is considered the "new cell".
If you face cell division like this, any cell (eukaryote or procaryote) will only really duplicate their DNA once: they duplicate their DNA -> they split into daughter cells, in which they "die" -> (eventually) each daughter cell duplicate their DNA -> and so on.
Like I said this is just a particular POV we can adpot when we try to understand and describe cell cycle and cell division (although it is a common one for researchers in the field).
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged dna dna-replication eukaryotic-cells prokaryotic-cells or ask your own question.
Can replication occur if DNA is methylated?
What errors can occur during DNA replication?
DNA replication: How many DNA polymerase molecules work

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.233363
Retrieved Text: in libreoffice calc V4.1 , when copy and paste date like 03SEP, it can recognize as 03Sep2014(just as what I set in cell format), but now in V4.3, it says "#VALUE!". Help please and thanks!
Please edit your question to indicate: (a) the data entered into the cell e.g., 2014-08-19; (b) the format code used to display the data e.g., DDMMM; (c) what is displayed in the cell e.g., 19Aug; (d) whatever actions you then take regarding this data e.g., copy/paste. Thanks.
OK. I answer as below: (a) the data entered into the cell:03SEP (input manully, or copy/paste here) (b) the format code used to display the data:DDMMM; (c) what is displayed in the cell:03SEP; (d) whatever actions you then take regarding this data:No more actions. the cell format is set as english format anything like 03Sep...etc.
My test shows that we have a bug.
I can't confirm that bug. Note that portable versions are not good for testing as they are packaged separately by third parties.
@oweng - I am aware of the limitation of the portable versions. I just have no alternative right now. My production version is 4.2.6.2. Nevertheless thanks for adding the comment for others. ----- Thanks for your testing. I saw the result at BugZilla.
@oweng - This is really interesting. I made a test in 4.2.6.2 ---- 1) Unformatted cell > enter string 03Sep > string appears as text being aligned at the left side of the cell > reformatting to date is not possible ------ 2) formatted cell DDMMM > enter string 03Sep > string

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.212486
Retrieved Text: There may be a typo in “Prokaryotic cells do not possess a cell membrane”, I think what prokaryotic cells don’t have is the nuclear membrane.
I think there is a error, after the image “Eukaryote vs. Prokaryote” it is written that “Prokaryotic cells do not possess a cell membrane, although they do have a cell wall”, prokaryote cells do have cell membrane but dont have nuclear membrane, your own image contradict the statment. They have cell membrane and a cell wall and some of them have capsules.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.184421
Retrieved Text: Muscles interact with our nervous system.
If a cell doesn’t have a job it is not needed. They all have a purpose and that purpose is to survive. If any cell is missing a piece it would die. All the pieces of a cell are called organelles. Complex molecules make up organelles and that is what keeps cells alive. If a cell is growing it needs more organelles than a smaller cell. Mitochondria help cells process food into energy. A larger cell would need more mitochondria than a smaller cell. Cells that are more advanced do not survive well on their own. Cells that are not advanced could live on their own.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.184169
Retrieved Text: Ans: The structural and functional unit of the living organism is called cell.
Ques: Name the instrument by which cell can be seen.
Ques: What is unicellular organism?
Ans: The organism which is made of only one cell that is called unicellular organism. Ex – amoeba and paramecium.
Ques: What are multi cellular organisms?
Ans: The organism which is made of more than one cell are called multi cellular organism. Ex – human and tree.
Ques:Which part of the cell contains organelles?
Ques:Distinguish between plant cell and animal cell.
cell wall is present in it.
Cell wall is absent in it.
Ques: Name the projection in amoeba by which it take food.
Ans: A tissue is a group of similar cells having a specific function.
Ques:What are the basic components of a cell?
Ans: The basic components of a cell are cell membrane, cytoplasm and nucleus.
Ques:Name the components of cell which are enclosed within the cell membrane.
Ques:State the difference between eukaryotes and prokaryotes.
The organisms which cells have a nuclear membrane are called eukaryotes.
Ex. Onion and other animals’ cells.
The organisms which cells do not have nuclear membrane are called prokaryotes.
Ex. Bacteria, blue green algae.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.157802
Retrieved Text: Thanks to the rollout of 5G networks and increased demand to expand cell service to more rural areas, there is a lot of talk around cell towers and cell tower leases. Tower leasing activity increased last year and the projected rates for the year ahead indicate even more growth in coming years.
Every day, landowners are contacted about adding cell towers to their land and existing leases are being extended.
At first glance, the lease offers sound great. The tower company will tell you it’s a win-win — and it certainly can be. But before you sign the dotted line, it’s important to understand what you’re giving up & what you’re going to gain.
One of the most important factors to consider is the length of the contract & who is legally obligated by it. My dad used to tell me that certain situations were like a “ham and egg breakfast”. The chicken is participating and the pig is committed.
Most cell tower leases are the same as a “ham and egg breakfast”: the cell tower company can terminate the cell tower lease whenever they want, but the property owner is committed for 20, 30 or more years.
Before you sit down to the breakfast table with a cell tower company, know exactly what is on the menu.
What you gain by allowing a cell tower on your property is simple: money. You will either collect rent or get a lump sum payment for the right to use your property.
Cell tower site values are not determined in the same manner as real

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.153322
Retrieved Text: A free reverse cell phone lookup is something that is proving to be more and more elegant with every single day that passes.
If you think about it, using a reverse cell phone directory to trace a cell phone number should be a fairly easy process, right? You find one online, enter the cell phone number, and they all of the information appears. At this point, your wife or husband stops cheating on you and all of the prank phone calls come to a screeching hault!
If you think this is what really happens, you are living in a fantasy world.
In reality, a free reverse cell phone lookup is something that you have to do a little bit of leg work to accomplish. What I mean by this is, there are a couple of things that you can try in order to trace cell phone numbers free though, none of them are guaranteed to work.
The three methods listed above are the only proven ways to trace cell numbers for free. If you are unable to use them effectively you may have to blow the cobwebs out of your wallet and rely on a reverse cell phone directory online. These types of directories guarantee results in the sense that if they do not work you do not pay.
How much do they charge to trace a cell phone number?
In the grand scheme of things, believe it or not, it is only a couple of dollars, but if they get no match for you, you are not charged a dime. Now

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.143182
Retrieved Text: How many times is the name Jesus mentioned in the quran?
[2:87] We gave Moses the Book and followed him up with a succession of messengers; We gave Jesus the son of Mary Clear (Signs) and strengthened him with the holy spirit. Is it that whenever there comes to you a messenger with what ye yourselves desire not, ye are puffed up with pride?- Some ye called impostors, and others ye slay!
[2:136] Say ye: "We believe in Allah, and the revelation given to us, and to Abraham, Isma'il, Isaac, Jacob, and the Tribes, and that given to Moses andJesus, and that given to (all) prophets from their Lord: We make no difference between one and another of them: And we bow to Allah (in Islam)."
[2:253] Those messengers We endowed with gifts, some above others: To one of them Allah spoke; others He raised to degrees (of honour); to Jesus the son of Mary We gave clear (Signs), and strengthened him with the holy spirit. If Allah had so willed, succeeding generations would not have fought among each other, after clear (Signs) had come to them, but they (chose) to wrangle, some believing and others rejecting. If Allah had so willed, they would not have fought each other; but Allah Fulfilleth His plan.
[3:52] When Jesus found Unbelief on their part He said: "Who will be My helpers to (the work of) Allah?" Said the disciples: "We are Allah's helpers: We believe in Allah, and do thou bear witness that we are Muslims.
[3:55] Behold! Allah said: "O Jesus! I

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.141041
Retrieved Text: Application: Binocular, Monocular, Telescope, Microscope, Spotting Scope, Night Vision, etc.
The Solomark Universal Cell Phone Adapter is really easy and not at all complicated to use, the Solomark Universal Cell Phone Adapter is very light weight, built out of ABS.
What I like about the Solomark Universal Cell Phone Adapter is that lining up the cell phone camera with the hole is so easy takes only a minute or two for me to line my Samung Galaxy S7 up with the hole on the adapter.
What I do not like about the Solomark Universal Cell Phone Adapter is that over time the pads on the adapter will peel off from being used a lot that is one of the biggest problems with many adapters like it.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.123393
Retrieved Text: Print This Article : Free Cell Phones - Are They Worth It?
Unless a family member hands you an activated cell phone and announces it as a gift, you will more than likely learn that no cell phone is free. You always see the advertisements for free cell phones being offered on the Internet and on commercials however there is no such thing.
Okay, so maybe the phone is free however there is a catch as is usual with most things. This catch is called a contract. Service contracts are the life blood of any cellular carrier and as long as they can entice you into that contract they will continue to offer newer and more cool "free phones". Now, I'm not saying carriers are evil or deceptive, but you must become more conscious of your consumer behavior.
Depending on your needs and uses of a cell phone not all free phones are created equal. You may want to ask yourself exactly what you want from a cell phone before leaping into a free cell phone contract. Ask yourself if you are going to want to text message a lot, check email, surf the web, take pictures, or how big of a calling list you are going to have on your cell phone.
Each cell phone will have it's strengths and weaknesses which may include ear piece sound quality, speaker phone quality, mega pixel quality (for both viewing and taking pictures) as well as other features you may want to utilize in a cell phone. It may make more sense

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.121963
Retrieved Text: This is so important so listen up. Everybody knows that sickle cell disease is a blood disorder caused by abnormal hemoglobin, which is the oxygen-carrying protein that is found in red blood cells. Sickle cell disease – also called sickle cell anemia – is genetic, which means that it’s passed down from parent to child. Sickle cells are fragile and they easily rupture, and they tend to cause damage to the spleen.
The lack of oxygen in the blood can cause severe fatigue, a tendency toward chronic pain, and an increased risk of serious infections. Other symptoms include painful episodes known as sickle cell crises, as well as long-term complications like stroke. But here is the deal that you don’t know, for adults who are concerned about their risk of having a child with sickle cell disease, genetic carrier screening can help you and your partner identify their carrier status. These tests are available through a physician so here is the deal. If both parents have sickle cell trait, there is a 50% chance that the child also will have sickle cell trait. Children with trait, will not have symptoms of sickle cell disease, but they can pass sickle cell trait on to their children.
If both parents have Sickle cell trait, there is a 25% chance that the child will have SCD. There is the same 25% chance that the child will not have sickle cell disease or sickle cell trait. If one parent has sickle cell trait, there is a 50% chance that the child will

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.120978
Retrieved Text: MY NAME IS MUHAMMAD SHAHRUKH.
WHEN I REWRITE THIS VALUE MYSELF SO THAT TIME MY FORMULA SHOWS ERROR.
Without actually seeing your formula it is very difficult to say what is wrong with it.
Please post the formula, and as you are using VLOOKUP() also include the data that you are looking up.
So, something like that would help, as well as telling us what value you are re-writing. Is it the value in cell A1 in the above example, or is it something else.
Please remember, we can't see your worksheet.
YES FRIEND,The formula and example you wrote in answer as same i m applying but i don't know why this is not working.when i write these data manually that time it dosen't work.
This data i copied FROM access to excel.
if i apply vlookup in b1 and c1 so this time it work and show correct value.But when i remove or delete Cell A1 value and write again Cell A1 value by keyboard so that time vlookup shows error "#N/A". I dont know why its happening.And this is happening also with others cells valuesas A2,A3,A4,,,,,,ETC.
There are several problems with your formula.
This means that VLOOKUP is going to try and find 2001 in the table_array.
First of all VLOOKUP is a Vertical lookup, meaning that it looks in a vertical range of cells - cells arranged in columns and tries to find your lookup value in the first column.
This means that it is looking for 2001 in the cell that contains 2001. It therefor finds it - looking for the contents of cell

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.111531
Retrieved Text: What The Hell Is Splinter Cell Now?
It's not the Splinter Cell of Chaos Theory and Pandora Tomorrow, but it's not the focus-shifting Conviction either. So what is it?
Cut from Wii U in order to ship the game at the same time as other versions, says Ubisoft.
Get your hands on Fisher's latest mission a month before launch.
Splinter Cell: Blacklist Hands-On: Next-Gen Now?
Splinter Cell: Blacklist may be sitting in the 'end of gen' gap, but Ubisoft believes it can take on the next-gen now.
Blacklist's 'economy system' rewards players who stick to the shadows.
Ubisoft's Maxime Béland believes Splinter Cell: Blacklist is on the same level as the next-generation.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.106918
Retrieved Text: What is selective permeability of a cell membrane? How does it work in a cell? Read to know all about it.
Just like an airport or a city, every living cell has a check post-like mechanism at its outer membrane, which controls the inflow and outflow of molecules. In cell biology terms, it is known as 'Selective Permeability' of the membrane. The aim of this article is to explain the working of this mechanism which makes cellular transport possible.
All living cells are mostly encapsulated or sheathed in a phospholipid bilayer, which segregates the cell's cytoplasm from its external surroundings and facilitates the transport of molecules, in and out of the cell. It is usually surrounded by a plasma layer, which plays an active role in controlling cellular transport.
Selective permeability of a cell membrane is the property that allows it to control the inflow and outflow of molecules. This property allows the cell to segregate its inner cytoplasm from the external environment. Only those molecules which are needed to sustain the inner processes of the cell, like respiration, are allowed in, while waste products are allowed to move out. This property is simply the ability of the cell to decide what goes in or what stays out.
How is this selectivity or differential permeability of the cell made possible? It is made possible by a very effective screening mechanism, constituting the protein channels of the cell membrane and its porous nature.
The chances of any molecule arriving at a cell and making it through the membrane are dependent on its

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.053509
Retrieved Text: Does a cell contain a particular text?
Thread: Does a cell contain a particular text?
What is the easiest way to determine if for Cell A1 contains a particular text? The cell most likely will contain one or two 2 to 3 character words separated by commas I don't care where my search text is in the cell, I just want to know is it there?
Re: Does a cell contain a particular text?
Meant to write . . . "if Cell A1". . . . . .
This will return FALSE when the string of interest in not found, TRUE when it is.
NOTE: the above formula is NOT case sensitive. If you prefer the string of interest to be case sensitive, replace SEARCH with FIND.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.047453
Retrieved Text: Living Science Solutions for Class 8 Science Chapter 8 Cell Structure And Functions are provided here with simple step-by-step explanations. These solutions for Cell Structure And Functions are extremely popular among class 8 students for Science Cell Structure And Functions Solutions come handy for quickly completing your homework and preparing for exams. All questions and answers from the Living Science Book of class 8 Science Chapter 8 are provided here for you for free. You will also love the ad-free experience on Meritnation’s Living Science Solutions. All Living Science Solutions for class 8 Science are prepared by experts and are 100% accurate.
Which of these is multicellular?
Multicellular means made of more than one cells. Mushroom is a multicellular organism. All the other organisms mentioned here, are unicellular.
The egg of a hen is a cell. It divides repeatedly and differentiates into various tissues to develop into a chicken.
Which of these is not present in an animal cell?
In an animal cell, chloroplasts are not present. Chloroplasts are present in green plants and serve as the sites of photosynthesis in plants.
Which of these is the control centre of the cell?
The control centre of the cell is nucleus. The nucleus contains chromosomes, which divide during cell division.
Which organelles are responsible for energy production in a cell?
Mitochondria is responsible for energy production in a cell.
Which of these is not stated by the cell theory?
(a) Cells are the basic structural units of living organisms.
(b) All cells are identical.
(c) New cells are formed due to division in old cells.
(d) The way an organism functions

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.042584
Retrieved Text: should i buy this phone? (link incl.)?
Which cell phone has the best audio quality?
I found a Thing looks like mobile?
CELL PHONE BUSINESS In INDIA?
Anybody know about windows phones?
Where can I sell my broken old phones?
Making a cellphone change. Opinions?
Cell phone + PC speaker output plays low?
Which mobile i should buy spice Mi 505 or Micromax Canvas 2?
How to convince my parents to get me a phone?
My friend dropped his cellphone on my Laptop?
How to Apply For Jobs Without a Cell Phone or Home Phone?
Which cellphone to buy if im having budget of 30k inr ...not more than that?
What was life like without internet and cell phones?
My Mobile icon on Facebook doesn't show up for my friends anymore?
Which is better I phone 4s or iPhone 5?
Why is my cell phone not chargeing ?
Why do they make you turn off cellphones or electronics in an airplane?
Need a new cell phone company.?
How do I download viber or oovoo on my mobile phone?
Buying prepaid cellphone to use overseas?
how do i put videos together on my phone?
I lost my net10 cell phone number?
How can i share my videos to Facebook from my cell cellphone?
opt out of mobile phone verification on yahoo mail?
Can school search you for a cell phone?
what is the best cellphone today?
I want to sell my old cell phone?
Will i have to pay for my cell phone?!?
Anyone please tell me how i download youtube videos on mobile?
cellphone language automatically become chinese, how to return back to english?
my cell phone is deleting media files?
Is it worth to open a new

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.023832
Retrieved Text: It appears like everywhere a particular person goes there is at least one particular person in view with a cell telephone to their ear no matter whether it is on the road, in a store, in a parking lot, walking down the street, and so on. Even in places exactly where cell phone usage is banned such as concert halls or movie theaters there is the occasional offender, or a lot more probably, at least a few individuals employing the text messaging feature on their phone.
Cell phone usage has exploded over the past decade and continues to rise. Almost two hundred million individuals in the United States have cell phones and there are nicely more than one billion customers worldwide. That indicates there are a lot of phones sending their frequencies over the airwaves at any provided time.
Concern has arisen more than whether or not or not cell telephone usage can harm a persons health. My family friend found out about account by browsing Yahoo. Brain cancer prices in the United States have risen given that cell phones had been introduced, top some men and women to wonder if cell phone usage is the reason for the increase.
There have been reports of people establishing brain tumors in the precise very same spot exactly where they held their cell telephone. Some studies have expressed concern over extended-term cell telephone use, believing it can lead to a particular person to develop cancer. That is not to say a person who uses a cell phone is going to get

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.010061
Retrieved Text: Zooming in on the cell-- what makes animals and plants different?
Zooming in on the cell– what makes animals and plants different?
Plants and animals are about as different as you can get. Plants make their own food and are stuck in one place, while animals need to find food to eat and can move around on their own. But, what makes plants and animals truly different? Each living organism is built from cells, and though plant and animal cells are very similar, there are key differences between these organisms.
What makes the deer and ferns different? Image credits: Max Pixel.
As a small high school biology recap, all cells, regardless of whether they are in plants or animals, are bound in a membrane and contain organelles that perform tasks that keep the cell going. The core organelles in plant and animal cells are responsible for essential tasks such as processing energy, making new proteins, and getting rid of waste as performed by the mitochondria, endoplasmic reticulum, the Golgi Apparatus, and others. The activities going on in these cells are coordinated by the nucleus, which also stores precious DNA. Now, on to what make plant and animal cells special.
Plants have three main differences that distinguish them from animals. Chloroplasts allow plant to make their own food by harnessing the energy of the sun. A really long time ago (millions of years), single celled organisms evolved the ability to use solar energy to split water molecules and generate oxygen. Cells engulfed some of these photosynthetic organisms, and likely formed a symbiotic

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.006974
Retrieved Text: Why do I need an EFOY COMFORT fuel cell?
The EFOY COMFORT fuel cell is a fully automated battery charger that is quiet, simple and environmentally friendly, operating as a power generator in mobile homes, boats or cabins.
What is the EFOY COMFORT fuel cell designed for?
The EFOY COMFORT fuel cell has been designed and developed for private operation in mobile homes, boats or cabins. If you need a fuel cell for commercial or professional use, SFC can provide the ideal solution with its EFOY Pro range of products.
A fuel cell is a galvanic cell that converts the energy created by the chemical reaction between a constant stream of fuel and an oxidant into electrical energy. The underlying principle is an electrochemical process that is also known as "cold combustion". It is in principle the reversal of electrolysis. A fuel cell is not an energy store but a converter that generates electricity. The energy required to produce electricity comes from the fuel.
How does the EFOY COMFORT fuel cell work?
The EFOY COMFORT fuel cell converts the fuel in the fuel cartridge directly into electrical current. Thanks to this direct conversion, which is performed with no moving parts, silently and environmentally friendly, the fuel cell is extremely efficient and clean.
Can I use the EFOY COMFORT fuel cell in hybrid operation with a solar energy system?
Yes. A lot of our customers do this. The fuel cell switches on automatically when there is insufficient sun available for the solar energy system. There is also an intelligent hybrid system for use with mobile

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.998595
Retrieved Text: 19/06/2002 · The problem is that the data is slightly corrupt and there is text in a few cells. My macro craps out because of the data type issue. If the cell is text all I need to do is skip the cell and go on to the next cell. Is there a VBA form of ISNUMBER or ISTEXT? Thanks... 15/09/2014 · Is there anyway for Crystal Reports to convert the data type? Some suggest linking the tables via formula's but never provide an example. Others say use a formula to convert the data type, then link one table to that formula, but yet again no examples.
The main problem with this type of formula is that it is difficult to understand what slice of the data is being calculated by the CUBEVALUE. If your data model is very simple then you might be able to look at a cell that is referenced in the formula and determine what table or field it is from. The referenced cell will only display the member name. If you don't know what table or field that... In the Incremental change box, type 1. This value controls how much the spin button control increments the current value. To put a number value in cell G1 (depending on which item is selected in the list), type G1 in the Cell link box.
9/03/2007 · Secondly, the record selection formula is totally independent of whether the report is using a cross-tab object or not. The cross-tab is just another object you add to the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.987613
Retrieved Text: Assuming cell A1 is the cell to change color and cell A2 is the cell to contain a letter.
Repeat for as many colors as required.
Yes, you should be able to select a range of cells and add the formula once and it will apply to all the cells.
I do not have Excel 2007 on this PC, so I can't test it now, but I think that when you get to the step showing the formula that there is a box showing the range of cells that the formula/formatting applies to.
Hope one of these does what you want.
Basically when you have a selection, Excel takes what you entered as the formula etc. for the first cell selected in the selected area and then extends it to all the cells in the selection.
If a cell address in the formula has $ signs in it, the address is not changed across the selection. If there are no $ signs, the address is changed across the selection.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.973213
Retrieved Text: What is the spray foam insulating air barrier system?
Does Spray foam technology control air leakage?
What are the differences between closed cell and open cell foams?
What makes open cell foam insulation so effective?
How does open cell foam insulation save consumers money?
How does open cell foam insulation control indoor air quality and comfort?
What is the R-Value of open cell foam insulation per inch?
What is the R-Value of open cell foam insulated wall of ceiling?
What is the difference between open and closed cells foams?
Does open cell foam insulation adhere to metal or wood studs?
How is open cell foam insulation installed?
Does open cell foam insulation cause any electrical wiring overheat problems?
Can homeowners install open cell foam insulation themselves?
How long does open cell foam insulation last?
How long does it take for open cell foam insulation to cure?
At what stage is open cell foam insulation installed?
How long has open cell foam insulation been around?
Does open cell foam insulation contain formaldehyde?
Spray Foam is a closed cell, spray-applied polyurethane foam (SPF) system that creates a seamless, insulating air barrier.
SPF is a two component product that when combined forms a dense, hard, insulating material. The dense material is created when the “A” Iso Component is mixed with the “B” Resin Component. Once the two chemicals are combined through a high heat, high pressure equipment system, a chemical reaction occurs which causes the material to harden within 3-5 seconds.
Spray Foam insulation must be installed with specific spray-applied foam application equipment.
Closed cell spray foam insulation has an effective R-Value of 6.4 to 6.8 per inch.
Spray Foam is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.972865
Retrieved Text: Hey you got a few seconds can you help me with an excel formula? What I am trying to do seems like it should be an easy thing but for whatever I can’t zone in on why it’s not working. What I’m trying to do is have a cell with a date and have that cell change colors from green meaning recently done, yellow would be like 6 months from whatever date is put in the cell, and then red when that date is over a year old.
But all these colors would be in one cell. I have tried a formula that I found in the help thing within excel it’s something like this =IF(TODAY()=EDATE(E4),TRUE,FALSE) format in green color. I’ve done this in the conditional formatting option along with these formulas as well; =IF(TODAY()>EDATE(E4,6),TRUE,FALSE) format yellow, and =IF(TODAY()>=EDATE(E4,12),TRUE,FALSE) format in red. For some reason I can’t get it to reflect the change when the date is changed. I know I probably sound stupid because it’s probably something super simple but I can’t stare at it anymore.
First, this formula will never work because it is missing the months argument.
I'm not sure what you mean by "recently done" (it's not very specific) but that formula won't work for any situation. One way to test formulas that you want to use for Conditional Formatting is to put them in a cell to see if they return TRUE or FALSE when you want them to. In this case, you would see that Excel would return an error because you are

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.969106
Retrieved Text: Recently, the Gracious Mistress of the Parsonage and Yours Truly upgraded our lives with cell phones. Up to this time, I just assumed the cell phone was what a prisoner used..
My wife and I drug our feet for a long time until we finally took the plunge. Both of us finally went to the cell phone store and signed up for cell phone service. She picked out a phone for her and then picked up another phone and turned to me and said, "I think this will suit you."
I learned long ago that when my wife is "thinking," I should not interrupt the phenomenon.
I must say she did not hog the whole experience of purchasing cell phones. She rather graciously allowed me to pull out my checkbook and write a check for our cell phone service. I wrote that check and signed it with a smile not knowing what I was really doing.
I have found not knowing what I am doing really is a very peaceful part of my life. There is no stress when you do not know what you are doing. However, when you have some idea what you are doing, then comes the stress. I must admit, most of my life is stress free.
Now, that we have upgraded our lifestyle, life has become rather easy for us.
I really did not know how the simple act of signing up for cell phone service would so drastically change our life. There is something with our service called texting. I have heard of this of course,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.962657
Retrieved Text: The Reinforcement worksheets are designed to focus primarily on science content and less on vocabulary, although knowledge of the lesson vocabulary supports understanding of the content.... ) When possible relate these life functions to the cell as well as to the human body. II) Look at the Cell Structure Activity sheet. Make sure that the students know what each of the organelles is and what it’s function is for the cell.
Alive or not: What re 2 examples of things that are alive? What are 2 parts plants and animals both have? Instead of a wall, cells have a.instructions for directing the cells functions.
Learn cell parts and functions with free interactive flashcards. Choose from 500 different sets of cell parts and functions flashcards on Quizlet.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.96127
Retrieved Text: Animal cells never have cell walls.
This Biology quiz is called 'Cell Structure' and it has been written by teachers to help you if you are studying the subject at middle school. Playing educational quizzes is a fabulous way to learn if you are in the 6th, 7th or 8th grade - aged 11 to 14.
Students of middle school Biology will be expected to familiarize themselves with the various features of plant and animal cells, such as the nucleus or the mitochondria for example. This quiz on cell structure will help them to do just that.
In the early 1800s, Scottish scientist Robert Brown was examining plant cells under a microscope when he noticed that there was a similar structure in each and every cell he looked at. It had been seen before but it was Brown who first realized it was present in all plant cells, and he called it ‘the nucleus’.
We now know that animal and plant cells have many features in common - a nucleus, cytoplasm, mitochondria, ribosomes and a cell membrane. Plant cells have chloroplasts for photosynthesis, a permanent vacuole and a cell wall. Brown had no idea of the importance of the nucleus, or that it was also found in animal cells too, but scientists have gradually discovered more and more about how cells work.
The nucleus contains the DNA of an organism and it is this that instructs the cell what to do and how to do it. Most cells contain DNA but bacterial cells do not have a nucleus as the DNA

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.945977
Retrieved Text: Want to get a crash course into modern cell and molecular biology, but do not have the time to read an entire textbook or watch two dozen video lectures? Then this booklet on the molecular biology of cells will serve as a great resource.
Why are cells so important for understand how the human body works? How do mitochondria work? What is the difference between Golgi and the ER? What is DNA and how is it replicated? How do new proteins form? Is smell a form of taste? How do neurotransmitters in a vesicle leave the cell?
What are embryonic stem cells? What is the difference between mitosis and meiosis? What is the process of glycosylation? What roles does the molecule ubiquitin have? What is a model organism and why are they important in biological research? What genetic processes make you unique? What is Werner syndrome? Why do cells have the tools for their own destruction? How does apoptosis differ from necrosis? How has high-throughput -omics revolutionized biology?
The cell is the basic unit of life. They can join together into tissues and organs that control vital aspects of human existence. The inside of cells are equally fascinating. Different organelles inside the cell are involved in replication, transforming basic building blocks into cellular structures, producing proteins, moving different substances across the cell and many more exciting events.
Inside the Cell is a short molecular biology textbook from the National Institute of General Medical Sciences. They call it a booklet, but with its 84 pages that cover material from cellular compartments

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.945848
Retrieved Text: Oh Virtuous Shaikh, What is the ruling on a person in ‘Itikaf calling on a cell phone inside the Masjid haram and charging it using the electricity of the haram?
This is a precise issue. As for speaking on a cell phone in the Haram, then there is no harm in it. It is like you speaking to your friend who is next to you in the Haram. So you speak on your cell phone to the one who calls you like the way you speak to the one next to you. However, with the condition that the reception on the cell phone is not weak so that you have to raise your voice, which will disturb the people. If the reception is strong and you speak through the cell phone to the one who calls you without disturbing others, then there is no harm.
However, there is another disturbance from the telephone and it is the notification of the telephone; the ringing of the cell phone. So like that, it it necessary for a person to decrease the ringing as much as he can so as not to disturb the people. Then, he should not place the cell phone in front of the people or the row while it is on its back. Do you know what placing the phone on its stomach means (i.e. face down)? This is because if it is placed on its back and a call comes, the notification will be apparent. People’s concentration in prayer is little and if a person sees

================



======= Instance Index 6115 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is not a cell?" and the following answer choices: 
- an object
 - eukaryote
 - bacteria
 - layers of fat
 - They may not survive.
 - chlorofluorocarbons
 - Tobacco mosiac
 - prokaryote

Now knowing that viruses are not cells at all, so they are neither prokaryotes nor eukaryotes and viruses include the Tobacco Mosaic Virus, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Tobacco mosiac

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.649973
Retrieved Text: Definitions, causes and information about Sickle Cell Anemia.
1. What is sickle cell anemia?
Sickle cell anemia is an inheritable red blood cell disorder. Normal red blood cells are round while these blood cells are shaped like a crescent or sickle. Because these cells are abnormally shaped, they do not last as long which causes anemia. These sickle cells can also get caught in blood vessels, consequently causing a blockage in blood flow. This can result in pain and organ damage. It is a life-long disease with high morbidity and mortality.
2. What causes sickle cell anemia?
Sickle cell anemia is not contagious; children inherit it from their parents. When sickle cell anemia is inherited, the child is passed two sickle cell genes, one from each parent.
3. What are the signs and symptoms of sickle cell anemia?
Individuals are born with sickle cell anemia, but symptoms are not immediate. Typically, symptoms begin to show at around four months old. Symptoms and the severity of symptoms vary amongst individuals. Some may experience mild symptoms while others may experience symptoms at such a severe level that they may require hospitalization.
The most common symptoms of this disease include fatigue and feeling weak. Severe or long-lasting cases of this disease can lead to damage to organs such as the heart, brain, lungs, kidney, spleen, and others. Extremely severe cases can cause death. People living with sickle cell anemia regularly deal with chronic pain, often in their bones. Individuals may also experience a sudden pain called a “sickle cell crisis” which can occur anywhere in the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.249755
Retrieved Text: DNA replication - how many times and when does it occur?
I’m currently learning about DNA replication in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells. And my lecturer has mentioned that replication is a once in a lifetime activity. And I’m not sure what this is implying because I’ve searched up that DNA replication occurs during cell division (cell cycles), which occur repetitively as organisms develop.
This sounds like a difference in perspective of when exactly cells "die". If you consider that, in a cell division, a mother cell "gives birth" to two daughter cells, you could argue that the mother cell has "died". It makes sense to think about cell division in this way because it puts both daughter cells in the same level, without one being "special" due to it being the mother cell itself while the other is considered the "new cell".
If you face cell division like this, any cell (eukaryote or procaryote) will only really duplicate their DNA once: they duplicate their DNA -> they split into daughter cells, in which they "die" -> (eventually) each daughter cell duplicate their DNA -> and so on.
Like I said this is just a particular POV we can adpot when we try to understand and describe cell cycle and cell division (although it is a common one for researchers in the field).
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged dna dna-replication eukaryotic-cells prokaryotic-cells or ask your own question.
Can replication occur if DNA is methylated?
What errors can occur during DNA replication?
DNA replication: How many DNA polymerase molecules work

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.233363
Retrieved Text: in libreoffice calc V4.1 , when copy and paste date like 03SEP, it can recognize as 03Sep2014(just as what I set in cell format), but now in V4.3, it says "#VALUE!". Help please and thanks!
Please edit your question to indicate: (a) the data entered into the cell e.g., 2014-08-19; (b) the format code used to display the data e.g., DDMMM; (c) what is displayed in the cell e.g., 19Aug; (d) whatever actions you then take regarding this data e.g., copy/paste. Thanks.
OK. I answer as below: (a) the data entered into the cell:03SEP (input manully, or copy/paste here) (b) the format code used to display the data:DDMMM; (c) what is displayed in the cell:03SEP; (d) whatever actions you then take regarding this data:No more actions. the cell format is set as english format anything like 03Sep...etc.
My test shows that we have a bug.
I can't confirm that bug. Note that portable versions are not good for testing as they are packaged separately by third parties.
@oweng - I am aware of the limitation of the portable versions. I just have no alternative right now. My production version is 4.2.6.2. Nevertheless thanks for adding the comment for others. ----- Thanks for your testing. I saw the result at BugZilla.
@oweng - This is really interesting. I made a test in 4.2.6.2 ---- 1) Unformatted cell > enter string 03Sep > string appears as text being aligned at the left side of the cell > reformatting to date is not possible ------ 2) formatted cell DDMMM > enter string 03Sep > string

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.212486
Retrieved Text: There may be a typo in “Prokaryotic cells do not possess a cell membrane”, I think what prokaryotic cells don’t have is the nuclear membrane.
I think there is a error, after the image “Eukaryote vs. Prokaryote” it is written that “Prokaryotic cells do not possess a cell membrane, although they do have a cell wall”, prokaryote cells do have cell membrane but dont have nuclear membrane, your own image contradict the statment. They have cell membrane and a cell wall and some of them have capsules.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.184421
Retrieved Text: Muscles interact with our nervous system.
If a cell doesn’t have a job it is not needed. They all have a purpose and that purpose is to survive. If any cell is missing a piece it would die. All the pieces of a cell are called organelles. Complex molecules make up organelles and that is what keeps cells alive. If a cell is growing it needs more organelles than a smaller cell. Mitochondria help cells process food into energy. A larger cell would need more mitochondria than a smaller cell. Cells that are more advanced do not survive well on their own. Cells that are not advanced could live on their own.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.184169
Retrieved Text: Ans: The structural and functional unit of the living organism is called cell.
Ques: Name the instrument by which cell can be seen.
Ques: What is unicellular organism?
Ans: The organism which is made of only one cell that is called unicellular organism. Ex – amoeba and paramecium.
Ques: What are multi cellular organisms?
Ans: The organism which is made of more than one cell are called multi cellular organism. Ex – human and tree.
Ques:Which part of the cell contains organelles?
Ques:Distinguish between plant cell and animal cell.
cell wall is present in it.
Cell wall is absent in it.
Ques: Name the projection in amoeba by which it take food.
Ans: A tissue is a group of similar cells having a specific function.
Ques:What are the basic components of a cell?
Ans: The basic components of a cell are cell membrane, cytoplasm and nucleus.
Ques:Name the components of cell which are enclosed within the cell membrane.
Ques:State the difference between eukaryotes and prokaryotes.
The organisms which cells have a nuclear membrane are called eukaryotes.
Ex. Onion and other animals’ cells.
The organisms which cells do not have nuclear membrane are called prokaryotes.
Ex. Bacteria, blue green algae.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.157802
Retrieved Text: Thanks to the rollout of 5G networks and increased demand to expand cell service to more rural areas, there is a lot of talk around cell towers and cell tower leases. Tower leasing activity increased last year and the projected rates for the year ahead indicate even more growth in coming years.
Every day, landowners are contacted about adding cell towers to their land and existing leases are being extended.
At first glance, the lease offers sound great. The tower company will tell you it’s a win-win — and it certainly can be. But before you sign the dotted line, it’s important to understand what you’re giving up & what you’re going to gain.
One of the most important factors to consider is the length of the contract & who is legally obligated by it. My dad used to tell me that certain situations were like a “ham and egg breakfast”. The chicken is participating and the pig is committed.
Most cell tower leases are the same as a “ham and egg breakfast”: the cell tower company can terminate the cell tower lease whenever they want, but the property owner is committed for 20, 30 or more years.
Before you sit down to the breakfast table with a cell tower company, know exactly what is on the menu.
What you gain by allowing a cell tower on your property is simple: money. You will either collect rent or get a lump sum payment for the right to use your property.
Cell tower site values are not determined in the same manner as real

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.153322
Retrieved Text: A free reverse cell phone lookup is something that is proving to be more and more elegant with every single day that passes.
If you think about it, using a reverse cell phone directory to trace a cell phone number should be a fairly easy process, right? You find one online, enter the cell phone number, and they all of the information appears. At this point, your wife or husband stops cheating on you and all of the prank phone calls come to a screeching hault!
If you think this is what really happens, you are living in a fantasy world.
In reality, a free reverse cell phone lookup is something that you have to do a little bit of leg work to accomplish. What I mean by this is, there are a couple of things that you can try in order to trace cell phone numbers free though, none of them are guaranteed to work.
The three methods listed above are the only proven ways to trace cell numbers for free. If you are unable to use them effectively you may have to blow the cobwebs out of your wallet and rely on a reverse cell phone directory online. These types of directories guarantee results in the sense that if they do not work you do not pay.
How much do they charge to trace a cell phone number?
In the grand scheme of things, believe it or not, it is only a couple of dollars, but if they get no match for you, you are not charged a dime. Now

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.143182
Retrieved Text: How many times is the name Jesus mentioned in the quran?
[2:87] We gave Moses the Book and followed him up with a succession of messengers; We gave Jesus the son of Mary Clear (Signs) and strengthened him with the holy spirit. Is it that whenever there comes to you a messenger with what ye yourselves desire not, ye are puffed up with pride?- Some ye called impostors, and others ye slay!
[2:136] Say ye: "We believe in Allah, and the revelation given to us, and to Abraham, Isma'il, Isaac, Jacob, and the Tribes, and that given to Moses andJesus, and that given to (all) prophets from their Lord: We make no difference between one and another of them: And we bow to Allah (in Islam)."
[2:253] Those messengers We endowed with gifts, some above others: To one of them Allah spoke; others He raised to degrees (of honour); to Jesus the son of Mary We gave clear (Signs), and strengthened him with the holy spirit. If Allah had so willed, succeeding generations would not have fought among each other, after clear (Signs) had come to them, but they (chose) to wrangle, some believing and others rejecting. If Allah had so willed, they would not have fought each other; but Allah Fulfilleth His plan.
[3:52] When Jesus found Unbelief on their part He said: "Who will be My helpers to (the work of) Allah?" Said the disciples: "We are Allah's helpers: We believe in Allah, and do thou bear witness that we are Muslims.
[3:55] Behold! Allah said: "O Jesus! I

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.141041
Retrieved Text: Application: Binocular, Monocular, Telescope, Microscope, Spotting Scope, Night Vision, etc.
The Solomark Universal Cell Phone Adapter is really easy and not at all complicated to use, the Solomark Universal Cell Phone Adapter is very light weight, built out of ABS.
What I like about the Solomark Universal Cell Phone Adapter is that lining up the cell phone camera with the hole is so easy takes only a minute or two for me to line my Samung Galaxy S7 up with the hole on the adapter.
What I do not like about the Solomark Universal Cell Phone Adapter is that over time the pads on the adapter will peel off from being used a lot that is one of the biggest problems with many adapters like it.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.123393
Retrieved Text: Print This Article : Free Cell Phones - Are They Worth It?
Unless a family member hands you an activated cell phone and announces it as a gift, you will more than likely learn that no cell phone is free. You always see the advertisements for free cell phones being offered on the Internet and on commercials however there is no such thing.
Okay, so maybe the phone is free however there is a catch as is usual with most things. This catch is called a contract. Service contracts are the life blood of any cellular carrier and as long as they can entice you into that contract they will continue to offer newer and more cool "free phones". Now, I'm not saying carriers are evil or deceptive, but you must become more conscious of your consumer behavior.
Depending on your needs and uses of a cell phone not all free phones are created equal. You may want to ask yourself exactly what you want from a cell phone before leaping into a free cell phone contract. Ask yourself if you are going to want to text message a lot, check email, surf the web, take pictures, or how big of a calling list you are going to have on your cell phone.
Each cell phone will have it's strengths and weaknesses which may include ear piece sound quality, speaker phone quality, mega pixel quality (for both viewing and taking pictures) as well as other features you may want to utilize in a cell phone. It may make more sense

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.121963
Retrieved Text: This is so important so listen up. Everybody knows that sickle cell disease is a blood disorder caused by abnormal hemoglobin, which is the oxygen-carrying protein that is found in red blood cells. Sickle cell disease – also called sickle cell anemia – is genetic, which means that it’s passed down from parent to child. Sickle cells are fragile and they easily rupture, and they tend to cause damage to the spleen.
The lack of oxygen in the blood can cause severe fatigue, a tendency toward chronic pain, and an increased risk of serious infections. Other symptoms include painful episodes known as sickle cell crises, as well as long-term complications like stroke. But here is the deal that you don’t know, for adults who are concerned about their risk of having a child with sickle cell disease, genetic carrier screening can help you and your partner identify their carrier status. These tests are available through a physician so here is the deal. If both parents have sickle cell trait, there is a 50% chance that the child also will have sickle cell trait. Children with trait, will not have symptoms of sickle cell disease, but they can pass sickle cell trait on to their children.
If both parents have Sickle cell trait, there is a 25% chance that the child will have SCD. There is the same 25% chance that the child will not have sickle cell disease or sickle cell trait. If one parent has sickle cell trait, there is a 50% chance that the child will

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.120978
Retrieved Text: MY NAME IS MUHAMMAD SHAHRUKH.
WHEN I REWRITE THIS VALUE MYSELF SO THAT TIME MY FORMULA SHOWS ERROR.
Without actually seeing your formula it is very difficult to say what is wrong with it.
Please post the formula, and as you are using VLOOKUP() also include the data that you are looking up.
So, something like that would help, as well as telling us what value you are re-writing. Is it the value in cell A1 in the above example, or is it something else.
Please remember, we can't see your worksheet.
YES FRIEND,The formula and example you wrote in answer as same i m applying but i don't know why this is not working.when i write these data manually that time it dosen't work.
This data i copied FROM access to excel.
if i apply vlookup in b1 and c1 so this time it work and show correct value.But when i remove or delete Cell A1 value and write again Cell A1 value by keyboard so that time vlookup shows error "#N/A". I dont know why its happening.And this is happening also with others cells valuesas A2,A3,A4,,,,,,ETC.
There are several problems with your formula.
This means that VLOOKUP is going to try and find 2001 in the table_array.
First of all VLOOKUP is a Vertical lookup, meaning that it looks in a vertical range of cells - cells arranged in columns and tries to find your lookup value in the first column.
This means that it is looking for 2001 in the cell that contains 2001. It therefor finds it - looking for the contents of cell

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.111531
Retrieved Text: What The Hell Is Splinter Cell Now?
It's not the Splinter Cell of Chaos Theory and Pandora Tomorrow, but it's not the focus-shifting Conviction either. So what is it?
Cut from Wii U in order to ship the game at the same time as other versions, says Ubisoft.
Get your hands on Fisher's latest mission a month before launch.
Splinter Cell: Blacklist Hands-On: Next-Gen Now?
Splinter Cell: Blacklist may be sitting in the 'end of gen' gap, but Ubisoft believes it can take on the next-gen now.
Blacklist's 'economy system' rewards players who stick to the shadows.
Ubisoft's Maxime Béland believes Splinter Cell: Blacklist is on the same level as the next-generation.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.106918
Retrieved Text: What is selective permeability of a cell membrane? How does it work in a cell? Read to know all about it.
Just like an airport or a city, every living cell has a check post-like mechanism at its outer membrane, which controls the inflow and outflow of molecules. In cell biology terms, it is known as 'Selective Permeability' of the membrane. The aim of this article is to explain the working of this mechanism which makes cellular transport possible.
All living cells are mostly encapsulated or sheathed in a phospholipid bilayer, which segregates the cell's cytoplasm from its external surroundings and facilitates the transport of molecules, in and out of the cell. It is usually surrounded by a plasma layer, which plays an active role in controlling cellular transport.
Selective permeability of a cell membrane is the property that allows it to control the inflow and outflow of molecules. This property allows the cell to segregate its inner cytoplasm from the external environment. Only those molecules which are needed to sustain the inner processes of the cell, like respiration, are allowed in, while waste products are allowed to move out. This property is simply the ability of the cell to decide what goes in or what stays out.
How is this selectivity or differential permeability of the cell made possible? It is made possible by a very effective screening mechanism, constituting the protein channels of the cell membrane and its porous nature.
The chances of any molecule arriving at a cell and making it through the membrane are dependent on its

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.053509
Retrieved Text: Does a cell contain a particular text?
Thread: Does a cell contain a particular text?
What is the easiest way to determine if for Cell A1 contains a particular text? The cell most likely will contain one or two 2 to 3 character words separated by commas I don't care where my search text is in the cell, I just want to know is it there?
Re: Does a cell contain a particular text?
Meant to write . . . "if Cell A1". . . . . .
This will return FALSE when the string of interest in not found, TRUE when it is.
NOTE: the above formula is NOT case sensitive. If you prefer the string of interest to be case sensitive, replace SEARCH with FIND.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.047453
Retrieved Text: Living Science Solutions for Class 8 Science Chapter 8 Cell Structure And Functions are provided here with simple step-by-step explanations. These solutions for Cell Structure And Functions are extremely popular among class 8 students for Science Cell Structure And Functions Solutions come handy for quickly completing your homework and preparing for exams. All questions and answers from the Living Science Book of class 8 Science Chapter 8 are provided here for you for free. You will also love the ad-free experience on Meritnation’s Living Science Solutions. All Living Science Solutions for class 8 Science are prepared by experts and are 100% accurate.
Which of these is multicellular?
Multicellular means made of more than one cells. Mushroom is a multicellular organism. All the other organisms mentioned here, are unicellular.
The egg of a hen is a cell. It divides repeatedly and differentiates into various tissues to develop into a chicken.
Which of these is not present in an animal cell?
In an animal cell, chloroplasts are not present. Chloroplasts are present in green plants and serve as the sites of photosynthesis in plants.
Which of these is the control centre of the cell?
The control centre of the cell is nucleus. The nucleus contains chromosomes, which divide during cell division.
Which organelles are responsible for energy production in a cell?
Mitochondria is responsible for energy production in a cell.
Which of these is not stated by the cell theory?
(a) Cells are the basic structural units of living organisms.
(b) All cells are identical.
(c) New cells are formed due to division in old cells.
(d) The way an organism functions

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.042584
Retrieved Text: should i buy this phone? (link incl.)?
Which cell phone has the best audio quality?
I found a Thing looks like mobile?
CELL PHONE BUSINESS In INDIA?
Anybody know about windows phones?
Where can I sell my broken old phones?
Making a cellphone change. Opinions?
Cell phone + PC speaker output plays low?
Which mobile i should buy spice Mi 505 or Micromax Canvas 2?
How to convince my parents to get me a phone?
My friend dropped his cellphone on my Laptop?
How to Apply For Jobs Without a Cell Phone or Home Phone?
Which cellphone to buy if im having budget of 30k inr ...not more than that?
What was life like without internet and cell phones?
My Mobile icon on Facebook doesn't show up for my friends anymore?
Which is better I phone 4s or iPhone 5?
Why is my cell phone not chargeing ?
Why do they make you turn off cellphones or electronics in an airplane?
Need a new cell phone company.?
How do I download viber or oovoo on my mobile phone?
Buying prepaid cellphone to use overseas?
how do i put videos together on my phone?
I lost my net10 cell phone number?
How can i share my videos to Facebook from my cell cellphone?
opt out of mobile phone verification on yahoo mail?
Can school search you for a cell phone?
what is the best cellphone today?
I want to sell my old cell phone?
Will i have to pay for my cell phone?!?
Anyone please tell me how i download youtube videos on mobile?
cellphone language automatically become chinese, how to return back to english?
my cell phone is deleting media files?
Is it worth to open a new

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.023832
Retrieved Text: It appears like everywhere a particular person goes there is at least one particular person in view with a cell telephone to their ear no matter whether it is on the road, in a store, in a parking lot, walking down the street, and so on. Even in places exactly where cell phone usage is banned such as concert halls or movie theaters there is the occasional offender, or a lot more probably, at least a few individuals employing the text messaging feature on their phone.
Cell phone usage has exploded over the past decade and continues to rise. Almost two hundred million individuals in the United States have cell phones and there are nicely more than one billion customers worldwide. That indicates there are a lot of phones sending their frequencies over the airwaves at any provided time.
Concern has arisen more than whether or not or not cell telephone usage can harm a persons health. My family friend found out about account by browsing Yahoo. Brain cancer prices in the United States have risen given that cell phones had been introduced, top some men and women to wonder if cell phone usage is the reason for the increase.
There have been reports of people establishing brain tumors in the precise very same spot exactly where they held their cell telephone. Some studies have expressed concern over extended-term cell telephone use, believing it can lead to a particular person to develop cancer. That is not to say a person who uses a cell phone is going to get

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.010061
Retrieved Text: Zooming in on the cell-- what makes animals and plants different?
Zooming in on the cell– what makes animals and plants different?
Plants and animals are about as different as you can get. Plants make their own food and are stuck in one place, while animals need to find food to eat and can move around on their own. But, what makes plants and animals truly different? Each living organism is built from cells, and though plant and animal cells are very similar, there are key differences between these organisms.
What makes the deer and ferns different? Image credits: Max Pixel.
As a small high school biology recap, all cells, regardless of whether they are in plants or animals, are bound in a membrane and contain organelles that perform tasks that keep the cell going. The core organelles in plant and animal cells are responsible for essential tasks such as processing energy, making new proteins, and getting rid of waste as performed by the mitochondria, endoplasmic reticulum, the Golgi Apparatus, and others. The activities going on in these cells are coordinated by the nucleus, which also stores precious DNA. Now, on to what make plant and animal cells special.
Plants have three main differences that distinguish them from animals. Chloroplasts allow plant to make their own food by harnessing the energy of the sun. A really long time ago (millions of years), single celled organisms evolved the ability to use solar energy to split water molecules and generate oxygen. Cells engulfed some of these photosynthetic organisms, and likely formed a symbiotic

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.006974
Retrieved Text: Why do I need an EFOY COMFORT fuel cell?
The EFOY COMFORT fuel cell is a fully automated battery charger that is quiet, simple and environmentally friendly, operating as a power generator in mobile homes, boats or cabins.
What is the EFOY COMFORT fuel cell designed for?
The EFOY COMFORT fuel cell has been designed and developed for private operation in mobile homes, boats or cabins. If you need a fuel cell for commercial or professional use, SFC can provide the ideal solution with its EFOY Pro range of products.
A fuel cell is a galvanic cell that converts the energy created by the chemical reaction between a constant stream of fuel and an oxidant into electrical energy. The underlying principle is an electrochemical process that is also known as "cold combustion". It is in principle the reversal of electrolysis. A fuel cell is not an energy store but a converter that generates electricity. The energy required to produce electricity comes from the fuel.
How does the EFOY COMFORT fuel cell work?
The EFOY COMFORT fuel cell converts the fuel in the fuel cartridge directly into electrical current. Thanks to this direct conversion, which is performed with no moving parts, silently and environmentally friendly, the fuel cell is extremely efficient and clean.
Can I use the EFOY COMFORT fuel cell in hybrid operation with a solar energy system?
Yes. A lot of our customers do this. The fuel cell switches on automatically when there is insufficient sun available for the solar energy system. There is also an intelligent hybrid system for use with mobile

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.998595
Retrieved Text: 19/06/2002 · The problem is that the data is slightly corrupt and there is text in a few cells. My macro craps out because of the data type issue. If the cell is text all I need to do is skip the cell and go on to the next cell. Is there a VBA form of ISNUMBER or ISTEXT? Thanks... 15/09/2014 · Is there anyway for Crystal Reports to convert the data type? Some suggest linking the tables via formula's but never provide an example. Others say use a formula to convert the data type, then link one table to that formula, but yet again no examples.
The main problem with this type of formula is that it is difficult to understand what slice of the data is being calculated by the CUBEVALUE. If your data model is very simple then you might be able to look at a cell that is referenced in the formula and determine what table or field it is from. The referenced cell will only display the member name. If you don't know what table or field that... In the Incremental change box, type 1. This value controls how much the spin button control increments the current value. To put a number value in cell G1 (depending on which item is selected in the list), type G1 in the Cell link box.
9/03/2007 · Secondly, the record selection formula is totally independent of whether the report is using a cross-tab object or not. The cross-tab is just another object you add to the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.987613
Retrieved Text: Assuming cell A1 is the cell to change color and cell A2 is the cell to contain a letter.
Repeat for as many colors as required.
Yes, you should be able to select a range of cells and add the formula once and it will apply to all the cells.
I do not have Excel 2007 on this PC, so I can't test it now, but I think that when you get to the step showing the formula that there is a box showing the range of cells that the formula/formatting applies to.
Hope one of these does what you want.
Basically when you have a selection, Excel takes what you entered as the formula etc. for the first cell selected in the selected area and then extends it to all the cells in the selection.
If a cell address in the formula has $ signs in it, the address is not changed across the selection. If there are no $ signs, the address is changed across the selection.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.973213
Retrieved Text: What is the spray foam insulating air barrier system?
Does Spray foam technology control air leakage?
What are the differences between closed cell and open cell foams?
What makes open cell foam insulation so effective?
How does open cell foam insulation save consumers money?
How does open cell foam insulation control indoor air quality and comfort?
What is the R-Value of open cell foam insulation per inch?
What is the R-Value of open cell foam insulated wall of ceiling?
What is the difference between open and closed cells foams?
Does open cell foam insulation adhere to metal or wood studs?
How is open cell foam insulation installed?
Does open cell foam insulation cause any electrical wiring overheat problems?
Can homeowners install open cell foam insulation themselves?
How long does open cell foam insulation last?
How long does it take for open cell foam insulation to cure?
At what stage is open cell foam insulation installed?
How long has open cell foam insulation been around?
Does open cell foam insulation contain formaldehyde?
Spray Foam is a closed cell, spray-applied polyurethane foam (SPF) system that creates a seamless, insulating air barrier.
SPF is a two component product that when combined forms a dense, hard, insulating material. The dense material is created when the “A” Iso Component is mixed with the “B” Resin Component. Once the two chemicals are combined through a high heat, high pressure equipment system, a chemical reaction occurs which causes the material to harden within 3-5 seconds.
Spray Foam insulation must be installed with specific spray-applied foam application equipment.
Closed cell spray foam insulation has an effective R-Value of 6.4 to 6.8 per inch.
Spray Foam is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.972865
Retrieved Text: Hey you got a few seconds can you help me with an excel formula? What I am trying to do seems like it should be an easy thing but for whatever I can’t zone in on why it’s not working. What I’m trying to do is have a cell with a date and have that cell change colors from green meaning recently done, yellow would be like 6 months from whatever date is put in the cell, and then red when that date is over a year old.
But all these colors would be in one cell. I have tried a formula that I found in the help thing within excel it’s something like this =IF(TODAY()=EDATE(E4),TRUE,FALSE) format in green color. I’ve done this in the conditional formatting option along with these formulas as well; =IF(TODAY()>EDATE(E4,6),TRUE,FALSE) format yellow, and =IF(TODAY()>=EDATE(E4,12),TRUE,FALSE) format in red. For some reason I can’t get it to reflect the change when the date is changed. I know I probably sound stupid because it’s probably something super simple but I can’t stare at it anymore.
First, this formula will never work because it is missing the months argument.
I'm not sure what you mean by "recently done" (it's not very specific) but that formula won't work for any situation. One way to test formulas that you want to use for Conditional Formatting is to put them in a cell to see if they return TRUE or FALSE when you want them to. In this case, you would see that Excel would return an error because you are

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.969106
Retrieved Text: Recently, the Gracious Mistress of the Parsonage and Yours Truly upgraded our lives with cell phones. Up to this time, I just assumed the cell phone was what a prisoner used..
My wife and I drug our feet for a long time until we finally took the plunge. Both of us finally went to the cell phone store and signed up for cell phone service. She picked out a phone for her and then picked up another phone and turned to me and said, "I think this will suit you."
I learned long ago that when my wife is "thinking," I should not interrupt the phenomenon.
I must say she did not hog the whole experience of purchasing cell phones. She rather graciously allowed me to pull out my checkbook and write a check for our cell phone service. I wrote that check and signed it with a smile not knowing what I was really doing.
I have found not knowing what I am doing really is a very peaceful part of my life. There is no stress when you do not know what you are doing. However, when you have some idea what you are doing, then comes the stress. I must admit, most of my life is stress free.
Now, that we have upgraded our lifestyle, life has become rather easy for us.
I really did not know how the simple act of signing up for cell phone service would so drastically change our life. There is something with our service called texting. I have heard of this of course,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.962657
Retrieved Text: The Reinforcement worksheets are designed to focus primarily on science content and less on vocabulary, although knowledge of the lesson vocabulary supports understanding of the content.... ) When possible relate these life functions to the cell as well as to the human body. II) Look at the Cell Structure Activity sheet. Make sure that the students know what each of the organelles is and what it’s function is for the cell.
Alive or not: What re 2 examples of things that are alive? What are 2 parts plants and animals both have? Instead of a wall, cells have a.instructions for directing the cells functions.
Learn cell parts and functions with free interactive flashcards. Choose from 500 different sets of cell parts and functions flashcards on Quizlet.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.96127
Retrieved Text: Animal cells never have cell walls.
This Biology quiz is called 'Cell Structure' and it has been written by teachers to help you if you are studying the subject at middle school. Playing educational quizzes is a fabulous way to learn if you are in the 6th, 7th or 8th grade - aged 11 to 14.
Students of middle school Biology will be expected to familiarize themselves with the various features of plant and animal cells, such as the nucleus or the mitochondria for example. This quiz on cell structure will help them to do just that.
In the early 1800s, Scottish scientist Robert Brown was examining plant cells under a microscope when he noticed that there was a similar structure in each and every cell he looked at. It had been seen before but it was Brown who first realized it was present in all plant cells, and he called it ‘the nucleus’.
We now know that animal and plant cells have many features in common - a nucleus, cytoplasm, mitochondria, ribosomes and a cell membrane. Plant cells have chloroplasts for photosynthesis, a permanent vacuole and a cell wall. Brown had no idea of the importance of the nucleus, or that it was also found in animal cells too, but scientists have gradually discovered more and more about how cells work.
The nucleus contains the DNA of an organism and it is this that instructs the cell what to do and how to do it. Most cells contain DNA but bacterial cells do not have a nucleus as the DNA

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.945977
Retrieved Text: Want to get a crash course into modern cell and molecular biology, but do not have the time to read an entire textbook or watch two dozen video lectures? Then this booklet on the molecular biology of cells will serve as a great resource.
Why are cells so important for understand how the human body works? How do mitochondria work? What is the difference between Golgi and the ER? What is DNA and how is it replicated? How do new proteins form? Is smell a form of taste? How do neurotransmitters in a vesicle leave the cell?
What are embryonic stem cells? What is the difference between mitosis and meiosis? What is the process of glycosylation? What roles does the molecule ubiquitin have? What is a model organism and why are they important in biological research? What genetic processes make you unique? What is Werner syndrome? Why do cells have the tools for their own destruction? How does apoptosis differ from necrosis? How has high-throughput -omics revolutionized biology?
The cell is the basic unit of life. They can join together into tissues and organs that control vital aspects of human existence. The inside of cells are equally fascinating. Different organelles inside the cell are involved in replication, transforming basic building blocks into cellular structures, producing proteins, moving different substances across the cell and many more exciting events.
Inside the Cell is a short molecular biology textbook from the National Institute of General Medical Sciences. They call it a booklet, but with its 84 pages that cover material from cellular compartments

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.945848
Retrieved Text: Oh Virtuous Shaikh, What is the ruling on a person in ‘Itikaf calling on a cell phone inside the Masjid haram and charging it using the electricity of the haram?
This is a precise issue. As for speaking on a cell phone in the Haram, then there is no harm in it. It is like you speaking to your friend who is next to you in the Haram. So you speak on your cell phone to the one who calls you like the way you speak to the one next to you. However, with the condition that the reception on the cell phone is not weak so that you have to raise your voice, which will disturb the people. If the reception is strong and you speak through the cell phone to the one who calls you without disturbing others, then there is no harm.
However, there is another disturbance from the telephone and it is the notification of the telephone; the ringing of the cell phone. So like that, it it necessary for a person to decrease the ringing as much as he can so as not to disturb the people. Then, he should not place the cell phone in front of the people or the row while it is on its back. Do you know what placing the phone on its stomach means (i.e. face down)? This is because if it is placed on its back and a call comes, the notification will be apparent. People’s concentration in prayer is little and if a person sees

================



======= Instance Index 694 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what are full and smooth?" and the following answer choices: 
- porcupines
 - a cuticle
 - sandpaper
 - tree bark
 - fertile
 - protist
 - kalenchoes
 - alveoli

Now knowing that most protists have motility and motilities are full and smooth, choose the best answer.

Target Text: protist

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.704609
Retrieved Text: The contrast of smooth Cheddar tones with a gentle kick of sweet chilli adds that extra bit of zing. Handcrafted using traditional farmhouse methods, it is creamy and full of flavour.
What makes a club cheddar different from other cheddars? It is grind to create a smooth, creamy finish while other cheddars are often crumbly in texture.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.623456
Retrieved Text: Decorate the home by way of a options with Lovely Full Glass Exterior Door Full Lite Primed Smooth Fiberglass Prehung Front Door With picture. You can find substantially useful ideas that one could use coming from Lovely Full Glass Exterior Door Full Lite Primed Smooth Fiberglass Prehung Front Door With pic. Several critical factors so that you can redesign a residence can be acquired very easily out of Lovely Full Glass Exterior Door Full Lite Primed Smooth Fiberglass Prehung Front Door With photograph. It is possible to enrich your thinking by way of reviewing Lovely Full Glass Exterior Door Full Lite Primed Smooth Fiberglass Prehung Front Door With photo properly. We highly recommend you explore that Lovely Full Glass Exterior Door Full Lite Primed Smooth Fiberglass Prehung Front Door With picture as you will need many suggestions for redesign your property. With a dwelling enjoy Lovely Full Glass Exterior Door Full Lite Primed Smooth Fiberglass Prehung Front Door With image shows, needless to say, you can actually majority rather softly on your property.
Lovely Full Glass Exterior Door Full Lite Primed Smooth Fiberglass Prehung Front Door With photo might make your home exudes some sort of tenderness that could create your personal family and friends feel relaxed. If you would like have more recommendations, you will be able to explore Full Glass Exterior Door snapshot collection which offers several fantastic design suggestions. By means of high quality shots included, Full Glass Exterior Door image gallery have grown suitable to remain implemented as your personal research. For this

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.532189
Retrieved Text: There are things in this life that break us. Usually they involve some sort of loss-of health, of life, of relationship, of stuff. Despair is a crippler. You can’t breathe; you can’t think; you can’t see a way out. The world becomes very small until it feels like you are living in a tiny bubble apart from everything and everyone, floating along fragile in your pain. At times like these, you have to force yourself to hope and to push through. Start with your breath. In and out, in and out, until it is smooth and full, rather than broken with the catch in your throat from the threatening cry. Keep at that, smooth and full, smooth and full, smooth and full until you can open your eyes and start noticing beauty, maybe, at first, in the tiniest of things. A drop of dew on the grass, the feel of breeze on your skin, laughter of a child, a bud of a flower, birds in flight. Keep at it. No one said it would be easy. Keep at it. Smooth and full, smooth and full, smooth and full.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.392362
Retrieved Text: A sherried 25 year old from Speyburn, vatted using the solera system.
The nose is quite full. Notes of cut herbs and rubbed peppermint leaves. There are wood oils and a touch of bitumen, notes of cut grass and stemmy hay, a lit hay bale smoking gently as it catches. There is quite a lot of sherry with a dry vinosity. There are some notes of extinguished fire and coffee with an oily nuttiness. The palate is quite full and well-balanced. It is smooth and buttery as the notes of cut herbs and hay emerge with herbal notes, cereal tones and fennel. There are some vanilla fudge notes with the requisite sugariness, hints of malt and barley rise. The finish is long and full of malted barley.
This is a classy, well aged and smooth number, but, there is something missing for me, and I don't know what it is. The sherry and herbal notes are there, it has a slightly spicy finish, and all very pleasing - just needs an extra something to make it an essential malt.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.380105
Retrieved Text: Smooth and full of flavor Skydancer filtered cigars are an excellent option for the smoker who desires smooth taste, rich aroma and a relaxing experience. The company offers years of experience with the filtered cigar product and the quality shows through. Tribal traditions and a high work ethic that adheres to pride in a job well done makes these filtered cigars some of the best in their class. What is more is that the prices are kept down as well. This makes the Skydancer filtered cigar the perfect choice for not only acquiring the best taste and smoothest smoke, but also the best value for the product. Whether purchased singularly or in bulk options, the consumer is sure to find the price easy on the wallet. The Skydancer brand also offers a number of different options to their consumers. First and foremost is the size of the cigars offered. The individual can choose from the full sized, traditional cigar for times when relaxing and enjoying a longer smoke is desired.. There is also the option of choosing little cigars when on the run or a smooth smoke with a rich flavor is desired, but time is limited.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.281219
Retrieved Text: We are looking for volunteers to assist throughout the festival with the smooth running of our Talks & Workshops Series. Ideal candidates are flexible with time and are available for at least 1 full weekend over the 3 weeks of the Festival.
This year’s T&W series engages a range of creative disciplines and covers 3 themes: Questioning Creativity, discussing what it means to be a creative here and now; Own Your Craft, refining skills in your creative field; and Creative Breathing Space, addressing the relationship between creativity and mental health.
We are looking for volunteers to assist throughout the festival with the smooth running of our Talks & Workshops Series. Ideal candidates are flexible with time and are available for at least 1 full weekend over the 3 weeks.
WALs must have a good knowledge of all cross-department events going on in the space that day and be the artist’s go-to for any queries or session needs.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.231202
Retrieved Text: Not anyone has the ability to design a house, nonetheless Single Panel Glass Exterior Door graphic collection will help uou clear up however, the problem. Among the list of shots that you can use being research is exactly that Amazing Single Panel Glass Exterior Door Full Lite Inswing Primed White Smooth Fiberglass Prehung Front Door W/ Brickmold, Vinyl Frame 46248 The Home Depot photo. You do not end up disappointed like Amazing Single Panel Glass Exterior Door Full Lite Inswing Primed White Smooth Fiberglass Prehung Front Door W/ Brickmold, Vinyl Frame 46248 The Home Depot image is the succeed to a house designer which has a wonderful reputation. Additionally model top quality, Amazing Single Panel Glass Exterior Door Full Lite Inswing Primed White Smooth Fiberglass Prehung Front Door W/ Brickmold, Vinyl Frame 46248 The Home Depot graphic boasts superb picture good quality, which can be 1000 x 1000 while the actual size is exactly 43 KB. Amazing Single Panel Glass Exterior Door Full Lite Inswing Primed White Smooth Fiberglass Prehung Front Door W/ Brickmold, Vinyl Frame 46248 The Home Depot picture and also the full picture in this Single Panel Glass Exterior Door image stock are definitely the perfect options for recommendations for recognizing your own perfect your home. Many you want to do exactly is study Amazing Single Panel Glass Exterior Door Full Lite Inswing Primed White Smooth Fiberglass Prehung Front Door W/ Brickmold, Vinyl Frame 46248 The Home Depot pic meticulously and get giving her a very elements that can be used to adorn

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.2066
Retrieved Text: Our 85x55mm Silk Business Cards are printed in full colour, both sides, on 350gsm artboard.
Silk Business Cards are our best selling business card. They offer great value for money and are finished to a high standard with a silk, smooth finish. They are printed in full colour both sides on thick 350gsm card.
ORDER NOW FOR FREE DELIVERY (ONE ADDRESS UK MAINLAND).
Turnaround is 4 working days.
Silk Business Cards are our best selling business card. They offer great value for money and are finished to a high standard, with a silk smooth finish. They’re printed in full colour both sides, using high quality 350gsm silk artboard.
Thanks for your interest in our Silk Business Cards! We’re based in the beautiful West Country, not far from Bristol (or the cider orchards of Somerset)! We sell online to customers right across the country, and offer free delivery anywhere on UK mainland.
What are silk business cards like?
Silk Business Cards are printed on a silk coated card which has a non-glossy, smooth finish. They’re smooth to touch and can be written on with care (pen ink will smudge if you wipe it before it’s dried).
Why Buy Silk Business Cards from The Local Print Company?
These days ordering online has become the norm, and for business card printing things are no different. Since 2010 we’ve been selling printing online, and we’re growing month on month. Business Cards are one of our best selling products and customers return to us time and time again to get the service, quality and prices we offer.
When you’re ready to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.168661
Retrieved Text: Smooth Program Scheduler is listed in Launchers & Shutdown Tools category and made available by XemiComputers Ltd. for Windows. Unfortunately, we have not yet reviewed Smooth Program Scheduler. If you would like to submit a review of this software, we encourage you to submit us something!
What is Smooth Program Scheduler software from XemiComputers Ltd., what is it used for and how to use it?
Smooth Program Scheduler will start any program you want at a scheduled time. It can perform both one-time and recurring tasks. However, there is more to it than just starting other programs. If some program is enabled with a control interface built under Scheduler's specification, then you will get additional control over that program. Two sound recorders of ours, Claudio and Audio Notes Recorder, represent a good example for that collaboration.
Download and install Smooth Program Scheduler safely and without concerns.
Smooth Program Scheduler is a software product developed by XemiComputers Ltd. and it is listed in System category under Launchers & Shutdown Tools. Smooth Program Scheduler is a free software product and it is fully functional for an unlimited time although there may be other versions of this software product. You can run Smooth Program Scheduler on all modern Windows OS operating systems. Smooth Program Scheduler was last time updated on 21.07.2005 and it has 3,086 downloads on Download.hr portal. Download and install Smooth Program Scheduler safely and without concerns.
What do you think about Smooth Program Scheduler?
Download.hr periodically updates software information of Smooth Program Scheduler from the software publisher (XemiComputers Ltd.), but some information

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.087069
Retrieved Text: G31 (Full .357) There are 14 products.
Genuine Factory Glock 10 round magazine for Glock 31 in 357. These will fit your Spectre full frame pistol build if you build the Glock 31. We only sell what we trust. The smooth and reliable feeding from the Glock mags make it easy for us to choose them as our Spectre pistol builds kit.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.066395
Retrieved Text: Chocolate glazed, mini peanut butter cheesecakes, what could be better? My family loves cheesecake and I've made a bagillion of them over the years, but I've never quite mastered cutting them cleanly, especially when serving a crowd. These mini cheesecakes are the perfect solution for Easter this year.
In a large bowl, beat the room temperature cream cheese and granulated sugar until very smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl if necessary. Add the peanut butter and vanilla and beat until smooth.
While beating, sprinkle in the flour and then add the eggs, one at a time, mixing until smooth.
Fill the paper liners almost full (I use an ice cream scoop for this). Bake in 350°F oven for 20-23 minutes. My electric oven took 23 minutes.
Cool to room temperature, then top with chocolate glaze.
Mix the cocoa into the butter until smooth. Add the boiling water and mix well. Add the powdered sugar and vanilla and whisk till smooth. Pour over the cooled cheesecakes and put in the fridge to help the glaze "set".
Store cheesecakes, covered, in the refrigerator until time to serve.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.052396
Retrieved Text: Have the time of your life while learning to stay fit and mentally whole while learning dance at a Tennessee dance studio. The possibilities are limitless to all you can achieve as you learn the various forms and styles of dance available to you.
You have the option of ballroom, waltz, creative, cha-cha, tango, polka, lyric, swing and a host of others. Once you enroll in a program the sky is the limit of all you can accomplish. It is all up to you and what you desire to accomplish.
Your first step is to enroll for classes. There are experienced instructors waiting to teach you the basics of dance so you can move forward into the style of your preference. At Tennessee dance studios there is no limit to your achievements. Your instructors are dedicated to motivate you to a higher level to reach your full potential.
Styles: Int'l Standard & Latin, American Smooth & Rhythm, Theatre Arts / Showdance, Swing, Salsa & Merengue, Country & Western, Argentine Tango.
Styles: Int'l Standard & Latin, American Smooth & Rhythm, Salsa & Merengue.
Styles: Int'l Standard & Latin, American Smooth & Rhythm, Swing.
Styles: American Smooth & Rhythm, Salsa & Merengue.
Styles: Int'l Standard & Latin, American Smooth & Rhythm, Theatre Arts / Showdance, Swing, Salsa & Merengue, Country & Western, Argentine Tango, All Partner Dancing/Some Line Dances.
Styles: Int'l Standard & Latin, American Smooth & Rhythm, Salsa & Merengue, Argentine Tango.
To find more Dance Studios & Classes in Tennessee, type your city or zip in the search box above.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.039009
Retrieved Text: Below are the Durham Chamber of Commerce economic development metrics for Q1 which has been a very active quarter.
AOCFEST has returned for another year, and is chock full of activities to please the whole family. From headliner Terence Blanchard for the smooth jazz fans, to the new school The Internet and Anderson Paak, there are tons of musical artists to fit any musical taste.
Full Frame Documentary Festival, April 7-10. Full Frame is the country’s first and largest film festival devoted solely to documentaries.
What is your role at the Millennium Hotel?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.025754
Retrieved Text: Another nail polish post :D and it's all about Zoya and the Urban Grunge collection that was released for fall/winter last year. This collection consists in 12 polishes split into 2 finishes: there are 6 one-coat creams and 6 metallic holos!
I won't do much talking because there are lots of swatches.
August is described as a full coverage gray like a fine, expensive leather wit mid-ranged, balanced tone.
Courtney is described as a deep red beet root shade with a full coverage, and smooth application.
It's a jelly so it's more sheer. It requires 2-3 coats to get full coverage.
Mallory is described as a full bodied, Prussian blue withdeeply saturated color.
Used 1 coat. It's so pigmented, that's impressive. For info, it doesn't stain the nails.
Noah is a mid-range taupe evenly balanced between yellow and grey, with a full coverage and smooth application.
Tara is described as a purple plum with a balanced tone between red and purple. Deeply saturated, full coverage, smooth application.
I used 2 coats here but you could go away with only 1.
Wyatt is described as a true racing green with a deep pigment, full coverage, and smooth application.
Alicia is described as a linear holo with a touch of gold. Smooth application with an elegant 2 coat coverage.
Ash is described as a vibrant cherry with a red and gold metallic shimmer. Densely pigmented, smooth application.
Used 1 coat! It's super pigmented. It's a gorgeous color!
Britta is described as a berry metallic with a red and purple fuchsia flash. Densely pigmented, smooth application.
Finley is described as a deep royal purpe

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.013448
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for a unique taste? That is exactly what the cigarettes Winston Blue have to offer. They have a distinct flavor and an affordable price, and because many smokers buy Winston Blue online, they became an absolute worldwide favorite. These 85 mm cigarettes are naturally smooth, lightly flavored and are great alternative to the much stronger Winston Original cigarettes.
These cigarettes have no chemical additives, and their cotton filter lets you enjoy an amazing flavor at no extra cost. Once you start smoking cigarettes Winston Blue, you wouldn't want to turn to another cigarette brand again. Many smokers made the right choice by picking the Winston Blue cigarettes, and now they are the most popular among the lightly flavored cigarette brands.
The cigarettes Winston Super Slims Blue are the most popular variety of cigarettes in the world. They feature a distinctive red and white pack design that easily fits in the pocket or purse. These full flavored cigarettes with their rich and satisfying aroma are stuffed with premium quality of tobacco. And since they have been wound just right, you will enjoy their smooth and even burn. No matter what you'll do in life, it is granted that if you buy Winston Super Slims Blue, you will always have an opportunity to enjoy some good times either during a cigarette break at work or while being out with your friends.
The cigarettes Winston Classic have been satisfying smokers for more than 55 years. What is the reason behind such success? Over decades these cigarettes remain faithful by

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.001746
Retrieved Text: Today I'm bringing you 4 polishes from Paint it Pretty that are currently available for purchase for $7.76 CAD. While these polishes all have pretty great names they also have 2 things in common, a bunch of fun glitters and a jelly finish. Now I know what you're thinking, jelly polishes tend to be on the sheer side but these are all surprisingly opaque. This is going to be a picture heavy post so let's jump right in.
Less Bitter, More Glitter is a blue jelly nail polish with purple shimmer, blue glitters and holographic micro flakes.
The Application was smooth and even. While being sheer on the first coat, full opacity can be reached after two coats. There is a nice even coverage of glitters in each coat. Because of the glitter, there is a slight texture when dry, it is minimal and a layer of topcoat will smooth it right out. Shown here as two coats plus glossy top coat.
Sawdust is Man Glitter is a pink jelly nail polish with blue glitters, illusion flakes and a light purple shimmer.
The application was again smooth and even. The first coat went on sheer but not as sheer as Less Bitter, More Glitter. Two coats helped reach full opacity and even glitter coverage. Sawdust is Man Glitter seems to be less dense with the glitter but this leads to a smooth finish when dry. Shown here is two coats plus glossy topcoat.
No Glitter, No Glamour is a purple jelly nail polish with pink shimmer, magenta and blue glitters and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.989443
Retrieved Text: Our new range of greeting cards are HOT off the press! Beautifully printed in full colour on a smooth white card! Suitable for both Engagements and Wedding, what a lovely way to congratulate a the new couple.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.97435
Retrieved Text: (Lancaster, PA) – Ballroom on the Square, Lancaster’s premier ballroom dance studio, showed that their students have what it takes to compete at the top level with strong finishes at the Capital Dancesport Championships held in the Washington, DC metro region recently. The competition – one of the largest on the East Coast with over 6800 entries this year – featured dancers from all over the country and even a few from abroad. The studio’s professional instructor, Kenneth Wilson, took three amateur students to the Capital Dancesport Championships, and all of them placed.
Marybeth Hambleton of Lancaster competed in the American Smooth and Rhythm divisions in Intermediate Bronze; Margie Hess of Conestoga competed Full Bronze American Smooth and Intermediate Silver American Rhythm; Eleanor Isaacson of Willow Valley competed in Full Bronze American Smooth and Open Bronze American Smooth. The Smooth division dances include waltz, tango, foxtrot and Viennese waltz; Rhythm includes cha cha, rumba, swing, bolero and mambo.
Expertly partnered by Ken Wilson, all of the ladies placed in the top three among fierce competition. In addition, Ken showed off his skills with a brand new partner, amateur dancer Gina Kazimir of Bel Air, Maryland, when her professional instructor was injured. With only minutes to practice, the couple, who had never danced together, competed in the American Smooth Three Dance Championship.
Ballroom on the Square is a non-contract dance studio teaching people from all walks of life. Focusing on a fun and friendly learning environment, the studio offers lessons in all styles of ballroom dance for singles and couples

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.969284
Retrieved Text: Stickpage Forum > Creative > Animation Den > best yet?
View Full Version : best yet?
It is very good, and you deserve comments, being it an animation you worked on well.
You motions are smooth, you have a small amount of resizing on the flips, the impact is okay, the physics need to be a bit less smooth in my opinion if you want it to emulate reality, but as an effect, your stretchy physics look really cool to me. Work on background graphics and detail and add heads, and you god a top-notch scene there.
Were the ground tricks inspired by me?
spitzer im not sure what you are talking about.....the flips......when did you do those ?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.901133
Retrieved Text: Nicole Skyes full body black head peel.
Beauty challenges are taking over the internet.
This full body black head peel is the most standout at the moment.
This peels are usually used on your nose or forehead but Nicole Skyes took it to the next level.
She said that it feels like she's "getting scratched by 10,000 cats, especially the back of the arm."
Another day, another incredibly painful beauty challenge. Chances are you've seen a few videos of blackhead peel off masks going terribly wrong, but this newest video takes it to a whole new level. Vlogger Nicole Skyes tried (and maybe invented) the full body blackhead peel-off mask challenge— and it is absolutely cringeworthy.
In the video, Skyes shaves her entire body before putting a peel-off blackhead mask all over her limbs, stomach and back. After applying the full body mask, she waits around for two full hours before attempting to peel it off. She doesn't really give any logic for why she waited two hours, because I can't imagine she was able to do much whilst being covered in the mask, but I'm sure it made the whole process even more painful.
Once Skyes starts peeling off the full body blackhead mask, things start to take a turn for the worst. In what is obviously a very painful endeavor, Skyes explains as she rips it off one arm, that it feels like she's "getting scratched by 10,000 cats, especially the back of the arm." Pleasant.
She gleefully mentions that her body will be very exfoliated, but I think if I'm looking

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.884045
Retrieved Text: Blushing 40B, Bali Bali One Smooth U(R) All Over Smooth Bra Features Padded Cups, Adjustable Straps And Also Provides Full Coverage. Nylon, Polyester, Spandex Blend..
Blushing 40B, Bali Bali One Smooth U(R) All Over Smooth bra features padded cups, adjustable straps and also provides full coverage..
About The Blushing 40B, Bali Bali One Smooth U(R) All Over Smooth bra features padded cups, adjustable straps and also provides full coverage..
More from Blushing 40B, Bali Bali One Smooth U(R) All Over Smooth Bra Features Padded Cups, Adjustable Straps And Also Provides Full Coverage. Nylon, Polyester, Spandex Blend..

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.759202
Retrieved Text: BUSINESS CARDS Printed both sides on luxury 450gsm Silk card with matt or gloss lamination to both sides.
No hidden costs, what you see is what you pay, all prices include delivery.
COMPLIMENT SLIPS Printed on maximum quality 120gsm smooth white laser.
LETTERHEADS Printed on maximum quality 120gsm smooth white laser, full colour.
A5 LEAFLETS Printed on 130gsm Gloss or Silk paper, single or doubled sided.
Other papers, paper weights and quantities available.
All prices quoted are for standard delivery, faster options are available.
Many other printed items can be supplied, please contact us for a quote.
If it can be printed then we can supply it!
A4 LEAFLETS Printed on 130gsm Gloss or Silk paper, single or doubled sided.
A4 FOLDED Printed on 130gsm Gloss or Silk paper, doubled sided, all fold options available.
A3 FOLDED Printed on 130gsm Gloss or Silk paper, doubled sided, all fold options available.
A4+ Interlocking Folders Printed on 400gsm Silk with gloss or matt lamination to both sides.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.756665
Retrieved Text: If you are looking to improve digestion, balance hormones and improve metabolism, then hemp seeds may just be the superfood you are looking for.
Weight loss: Hemp is a natural appetite suppressant and can help you feel full longer and reduce sugar cravings.
Put the powergreens in the blender with the hemp seeds and about 1 cup of water. Blend down the greens and hemp seeds until completely smooth. Do not add the fruit until the greens are smooth. Add in 3 of the bananas and 4 cups of mangos and more water to blend. Once smooth, taste to see if it needs a bit more sweetness. If it does you can add 1 more banana. If not you are good to go. If it is too thick you can add more water.
The smoothies will keep for 2 days in the refrigerator. Or you can freeze. Put into a mason jar leaving a 1.5 inch head space on top. Put on lid and stick in the freezer. Take it out the night before you want to drink you smoothie. Put in the refrigerator and it will be defrosted by morning.
Next Article Strong and Gorgeous. What the Burpee?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.755336
Retrieved Text: ​This is described as a light green micro-sparkle. This was a polish that, in the bottle, I was not impressed, and really didn't think I'd care at all for the color, but the softness, along with the muted green, and the shimmer glitter in this really make it beautiful on the nails! Formula was smooth, self-leveling, and dry time was good. Shimmer streaks in photos are not really apparent on the nail in person. Shown is two coats plus top coat.
​This is described as a light blue micro-sparkle. This is a light slate blue, which is one of my favorite colors, with the same shimmer throughout as the previous polish. Another one that I think looks so soft and lovely on the nails. Formula was smooth, self-leveling, and dry time was good. Shimmer streaks in photos are not really apparent on the nail in person. Shown is two coats plus top coat, however, after I took the photos I noted some lighter spots, so depending on your application of coats, you may need three if you want full opacity.
​This is a light lavender cream polish, very much on the cool toned side. Formula was smooth and easy to apply, however I found the second coat to go on smoothly with a thicker coat. Dry time was good. Shown is two coats plus top coat.
​This is a pale pink cream polish. Light pinks always seem to agree with my skin tone, and this one was no exception. (Side note, my skin tone looks different in the photos,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.7511215
Retrieved Text: Poolside on the November 2010 Swim Smooth Coach Education Course.
- In depth training of our revolutionary new coaching system which allows coaches to quickly understand a swimmer's style of swimming - and the fundamental technique issues and personalities behind each style. This exciting system will be launched to swimmers on the internet just prior to the Coach Training Course.
- How to perform video analysis of swimmers - equipment to use, angles to film above and below the water and analysis of footage.
- Improving communication channels with athletes.
Simply put, the course teaches you all of Swim Smooth's advanced coaching methods to greatly improve the effectiveness of your coaching, particularly in the area of freestyle technique correction.
The course will be strictly limited to twelve coaches to allow an extremely high quality interactive learning experience. The last course was more than twice over-subscribed and demand is expected to be equally high on this series.
In order to select the best candidates, each coach is asked to apply using the web form below. Coaches will be chosen based on a combination of attitude and enthusiasm for coaching. Experience and coaching qualifications will be looked apon favourably but will not be overriding factors in selection.
Developing observation skills is a key element of the course.
The SS Coach Education Course runs for three days, commencing with two days of direct learning in the classroom and on the pooldeck with the Swim Smooth team and volunteer swimmers. The third day is attendance of a full Swim Smooth One-Day Clinic held at the same venue. During

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.7210655
Retrieved Text: A full lineup of award-winning artists are ready to hit the stage at the Gulf Coast's annual Seabreeze Jazz Festival. Aaron Bessant Park sets the stage for a jazzy, all-star weekend, which is expected to draw music lovers near and far.
The sounds of contemporary jazz from top performers will again beckon jazz fans to return to the beautiful beaches of Northwest Florida as the 2013 Seabreeze Jazz Festival presented returns to Panama City Beach, FL.
Named "Top 10 Jazz Festival in the USA" by JazzIZ Magazine and recently nominated as "Best Jazz Festival" at the Oasis Smooth Jazz Awards, The Seabreeze Jazz Festival combines the top national smooth jazz artists with a full weekend of fun, sun, great beaches, and good times-- all on the west end of Panama City Beach. The event now attracts over 20,000 fans from the USA, Canada, and Europe for what many call "The Ultimate Weekend" in one non-stop performance-packed weekend of music.
17001 Panama City Beach Pkwy.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.699008
Retrieved Text: Double maduro beauties from SLR.
This new, full-bodied SLR blend combines a toothy, jet-black Connecticut Broadleaf Maduro on the outside with a second Connecticut Broadleaf serving as the binder. These rich tobaccos conceal a robust mixture of Nicaraguan long-fillers and promotes a full-bodied, full-flavored sensation. A complex stogie with rich tobacco flavors delivered in a smooth, slow-burning fashion.
Outstanding smoke - too expensive for an everyday that I might have to toss before finishing it, but the first cigar I ever smoked that had the whole Cigar Afficianado "spices, cocoa, leather, yadda yadda" taste to it. Worth the bucks!
Got a box of these guys about three years ago. The initial reaction I had was that they were too harsh and need to sit for a while. Smoked one the other night and my reaction was much different. Smooth draw, great flavor and not too over powering. Would recommend them to a regular smoker. But just give them time to mature.
People are noticing what a great cigar this is. This has been my go to cigar for the past 5 years, well made, consistent burn, and a taste like no other cigar. Apparently somebody else noticed it's great too, and they jacked the price up 65 bucks a box! That's a lot. CI has boxes of Churchill's for 50 bucks less than the Rothchilde's, but it takes me an hour to smoke the shorty. Cutting 2 inches off these would be a sin, but my wife will miss me if I'm outside much longer. Bring back lower prices CI,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.661211
Retrieved Text: Elegant and welcoming, the Olivia nightstand by Standard Furniture European styling of white smooth paint and delicate adornments are divine, creating the dramatic bedroom young ladies relish.
Elegant and welcoming, the Olivia dresser and mirror by Standard Furniture European styling of white smooth paint and delicate adornments are divine, creating the dramatic bedroom young ladies relish.
Elegant and welcoming, the Olivia twin bed by Standard Furniture features European styling of white smooth paint and delicate adornments are divine, creating the dramatic bedroom young ladies relish.
Elegant and welcoming, the Olivia full bed by Standard Furniture features European styling of white smooth paint and delicate adornments are divine, creating the dramatic bedroom young ladies relish.
Elegant and welcoming, the Olivia chest by Standard Furniture European styling of white smooth paint and delicate adornments are divine, creating the dramatic bedroom young ladies relish.
Chest: 17D" x 35W" x 51H"
Also Available Full Bed: 77L" x 58W" x 56H"
Also Available Twin Bed: 77L" x 43W" x 56H"
Also Available Nightstand: 16D" x 24W" x 27H"
Also Available Dresser & Mirror: 17D" x 56W" x 78H"

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.653266
Retrieved Text: WHAT IT IS: Color plus texture for the lips. Stands out on the runway, simmers on the street! What made M.A.C famous. FINISHES: Frost (F): Smooth, medium buildable coverage formula with a high-pearl, semi-lustrous finish. Matte (M): Creamy, rich formula with high color pay-off in a no-shine, matte finish. Retro Matte (RM): Intense color pay-off in a long-wearing formula with a completely matte finish. Satin (S): Creamy texture breaks into a soft cushiony feel. Medium-to-full buildable coverage, satin finish. Lustre (L): Lightweight formula with easy glide, sheer-to-medium buildable coverage with a lustrous finish. Amplified (A): Creamy formula with a smooth glide. Bold color pay-off with full coverage and a semi-lustrous finish. Cremesheen (C): Creamy, balmy formula with a comforting feel, medium buildable coverage and semi-glossy finish. Glaze (G): Sheer coverage, lightweight formula with a glide-on application and a light pearl shiny finish.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.62488
Retrieved Text: Enjoy your videos & movies like never before – smooth motion, crisp details, and vivid colors. Enjoy the best video quality and unique user experience. Get Mirillis Splash 2.3.0 Full Licensed version for free now!
A little sneak peak into new user interface for upcoming Splash 2.0 the best HD Video Player.
Mirillis Splash 2.3.0 Full is a compact, stylish, user-friendly, and incredibly fast multimedia player for Windows PC, Notebook, & Tablet. With user-friendly interface and the ultimate video decoding performance, Splash provides the best video experience to play and convert all your High Definition movies and video clips, incredibly fast, smooth and without problems then Watch standard and high definition videos like never before.
Mirillis Splash 2.3.0 is proud to present Picture2, an advanced image post-processing engine to delivering stunning video quality. Enjoy smooth motion, crisp details, and vivid colors. Picture2 Motion Compensated Deinterlacing delivers great picture quality even when your hardware doesn’t support the latest advanced deinterlacing algorithms or when it is not available. Enjoy sharp and clean videos independently of your hardware.
Mirillis Splash 2.3.0 Full combines all the latest technologies including NVIDIA® NVENC, AMD APP and Intel® Quick Sync Video with hardware accelerated video decoding to boost exporting process even more! Ultra fast audio and video decoders designed for your multi-core processor and graphics card hardware acceleration (GPU). Choose their optimized low power consumption technologies, save your mobile PC batteries, money, and the environment. You don’t need any additional codecs to play the best quality videos now!
This HD Motion Video Player supports all popular subtitles formats

================



======= Instance Index 2648 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what happens over time?" and the following answer choices: 
- root growth
 - Change colors
 - relocation
 - evolution
 - gases
 - erosion
 - fossils
 - reproduction

Now knowing that macroevolution is evolution over geologic time above the level of the species and microevolution leading to macroevolution, discussed earlier, is one example, choose the best answer.

Target Text: evolution

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.763538
Retrieved Text: What happens when you choose a degree in economics over photography? What happens when your time is stretched between work, work travel, kids' school and sports? What happens when you have a streak of narcissism? What happens when you have the thirst of a camel? There is only one logical thing to do: take photos of yourself drinking. In this book, we follow Daniel for an entire (leap) year (2016). From Alabama football to futball in Zurich, witness the drinks and travel day by day. No one walks away dehydrated.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.118087
Retrieved Text: Well-adjusted kids with good grades that end up dying from alcohol poisoning every year end up dying for a number of reasons. First and foremost, they don’t understand how alcohol ultimately affects their body. What parents need to communicate to their teens is that their body and their stomach is just kind of like an hourglass and as they drink something, it fills a little bit up, but it takes time for that to get through. Ultimately, it takes 20 to 30 minutes at the very least for them to feel the full effects of that alcohol. What happens though is in social kind of binge drinking situations, kids will take a shot, they’ll feel something within minutes, but what happens is there’s still more alcohol in there waiting to come down. So they’ll think to themselves, “Oh, I feel okay, I can drink some more, I should take another shot.” And then what happens is that just loads up more into their stomach, waiting to defuse through. And so over time what happens is when they get to the level of what they feel they’re comfortable at, there’s still so much more alcohol waiting to come through to diffuse through their system that it just knocks them completely out. And what happens is they get sick, they pass out. Typically what happens is the friends think that this girl or this guy is not unconscious, they’re just drunk and need to go to sleep. So they put them to sleep and what happens is sometimes

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.871705
Retrieved Text: A postcard from down under: Ellen's travel update!
Curious to read more about Ellen’s adventure? Good thing she wrote us a postcard!
Every child is born a scientist. The newborn baby flails her arms and legs erratically until – aha! - she discovers her toes, and some interesting work begins. The toddler drops an object from a height. What happens? Again. Does it happen every time?
Children explore and manipulate everything they can get their hands on. In doing so they're collecting and categorizing data, making sense of the natural world and their place in it. Through repeated experiments, the child under age six is learning and internalizing the laws of physics.
What does this look like in our classroom?
The Primary classroom is filled with real objects for children to handle and explore, to compare, sort, and grade. Through hands-on work with these materials, the child begins to understand abstract concepts like more/less, bigger/smaller, shapes, patterns, and so on.
What happens when I sprinkle salt and water on a block of ice?
What happens when I sprinkle salt and vinegar on a penny?
What happens when I put these batteries in the lantern? What if I put them in backwards?
Sometimes science looks like art. What happens when I sprinkle salt on watercolors? What happens when I paint over crayon marks?
Our classroom is designed to encourage children to ask these questions and follow them as long as they wish – until they're off to the next discovery.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.821043
Retrieved Text: The question of what happens after death has fascinated human beings for as long as we’ve had any sense of spirituality. There have been popular books, stories of speculative fiction, reports of visions, and serious Bible studies attempted to explain to us what happens at death and beyond. In Death, Immortality, and Resurrection, Dr. Edward Vick explores this question from the viewpoint of a philosopher and theologian.
In this book, he examines scriptural sources along with a variety of philosophers over the millennia, and looks at such questions as what happens to the body, what we mean be identity and survival, whether we are innately immortal, and what is the meaning of resurrection.
This is a serious work, but comprehensible to the student willing to take the time to study these issues. The reader is invited to give consideration to those issues that have challenged philosophers and scholars through the ages. The book is suitable for study groups.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.816109
Retrieved Text: guess what happens next for the stock market.
anyone's guess what happens next for the stock market.
Q. The S&P is at an all-time high, should I be euphoric?
indicators, have fueled some optimism in stock markets.
and the fears were based mostly on emotion."
Q. Should I buy? Should I sell?
goals, make a plan to reach them and stick to it.
encourage them not to overreact to the lows of December," Schutte said.
for most people, it's also a good time to just leave things be.
help steady your performance over time.
Q. Will the rally last?
exceeds current expectations. We are in a late cycle market, a period when U.S.
equities have historically done very well, but volatility also rises, he said.
and for returns to be harder-earned than what we've seen thus far in 2019.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.797435
Retrieved Text: Conway’s last blackout was 4 years ago and she’s missing her old friend. What happens when you wake up and realise the party is over? She’s living life in real time now and reality is harsh when you don’t have something to take the ‘edge’ off. This award nominee returns with her hotly anticipated sequel to her hit 2016 smash, about what happens when you stop chasing the ‘perfect’ version of you and realise she’s been right there all along.
SAM AVERY: THE LEARNER PARENT - EXTRA DATE!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.736174
Retrieved Text: Need Tax Help with Employee Stock Options? Taxation of Employee Stock Options > Incentive Stock Option (ISO) Frequently Asked Questions > Incentive stock options when my company is sold What happens to my incentive stock options if my company is sold?
What happens to stock options or restricted stock units after a company goes public? How an IPO may impact your equity and what you should do to diversify. They are also typically very liquid - shares can be sold and redeemed for cash rather quickly.
10/27/2007 · Currently I have 10,000 company stock options valued at $50.00. Today the price of the stock is $62.00. What happens to stock options when a company makes a 2to 1 or 3 to 1 split of the share price? I have stock in a company it split then the company sold what happens to my stock? Answer Questions.
Welcome to the Wealthfront Knowledge Center Editor’s note: Interested in learning more about equity compensation, the best time to exercise options, and the right company stock selling strategies? The Valley is littered with stories of employees who never sold a share of their stock post-IPO and ultimately ended up with nothing.
When that happens, trading of that company's stocks and options moves to the Over The Counter (OTC) market or what is known as "Pink Sheet" market where you are able to either sell those put options for a profit or exercise the options and sell the stocks for the same profit.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.6449585
Retrieved Text: So to SUPER challenge myself I literally closed my eyes and put my hand on a stamp set. When I saw what I had chosen I thought to myself “Oh, nice move – this will never work.” But guess what? It did! Check it out!
Doesn't it look like it's just zooming along waiting to tell someone how sweet they truly are? I made a whole bunch of these sweet handmade cards to have available for when I just want to tell someone that I am thinking about them and that they are sweeties! So I posted it over in Stamping Family and I got some really lovely feedback. And that made me feel brave enough to share it here!
Part of the fun over on Stamping Family IS that we all get to share the results of what happens when we get out of our comfort zones. Someone posted a project one time making fun of herself about how something turned out when she tried a sketch and honestly we all went NUTS over it! Sometimes you really need that other point of view to make you see your creations in a new light and I love love love that it happens all the time on Stamping Family!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.644505
Retrieved Text: Cat Gets On A Skateboard And You Won't Believe What He Does... WOW!!!
Rescue Kitten Uses Oven Mitt As Tiny Sleeping Bag... AWWWWWWWWWW!!
Lioness Just Gave Birth To A Cub...WATCH What Happens When This Man Tries To Pick The Cub Up!
Lonely Street Cat, Desperate For Love, Breaks Into A Car... And Finds A Forever Home. So BEAUTIFUL!!
Fearless Blind Cat Attacks, Chases Off Burglar And Saves His Mom's Life... WOW!!!
Cat And Owl Are Best Friends--And CRAZY Adorable Together!!
He's Pretending To "Steal" Kitty's Food... WATCH As Cat Has The FUNNIEST Reaction!!
Mama Cat Is Looking For Her Kitten, WATCH What Happens When She "Finds" Him... LOL!!!
Rescued Lab Chimps See The Sun For The First Time... This Is BEAUTIFUL!!
Baby Otters, Rescued After Being Kidnapped And Starved, Squeal With Delight Over A Yummy Meal... SO CUTE!!
He Gets In The Bath With His Cat And You MUST See What Happens Next! OMG!!!
Man Finds Frozen Kitty, Near Death, On His Balcony... Now WATCH Him Save Her! What A HERO!!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.639601
Retrieved Text: The idea of the ABCD method is to focus on the resources in a certain place and situation, not on the problems.
To create engagement, it is often more constructive to work at positive feelings, rather than negative. From tradition we often tend to focus on problems when discussing planning situations. By looking at which conditions people have in an area, which dreams they have, what visions there are, a constructive development can be created. It is those living and working in the area who define what resources there are. Central to the method is that those present are the right people, whatever happens happens, when it starts the time is right and when it is over it is over. It may sound simple, but the achieved results are good enough.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.630742
Retrieved Text: How do photographs circulate and what happens to them over time? The winter issue of frieze d/e looks at how artists use photographs both as isolated objects and as instant images.
Artist and writer Hito Steyerl looks at the story of the photojournalist agency Black Star, exploring what happens to the archives of photo-journalism after digitization.
Plus, writer and lawyer Daniel McClean discusses five ground-breaking cases of photography in litigation and Hans-Peter Feldmann contributes an exclusive artist project, accompanied by an overview of his 40-year career by Elodie Evers.
Is there a difference between digital reproduction and manipulation?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.62568
Retrieved Text: What happens if the TARDIS lands on a really sloped hill where it's not flat?
What happens if the TARDIS (or any of the other Time Lords' TARDISes) lands on a really sloped hill where it's not flat? Would it stay upright or would it fall over?
There's a slight discrepancy between the old series and the 2005 reboot in what would happen to the TARDIS's interior if the TARDIS's exterior is tilted.
As can be seen in the second episode of series 19's Castrolova, when the Fifth Doctor's TARDIS lands tilted the interior tilts with it.
The TARDIS is special. She has her own gravity, I'd explain if I had some charts and a board pen.
when the salvage team step inside of the TARDIS while on its side but find themselves right way up once through the doors. Furthermore, Twelve's TARDIS is horizontal while in Clara's bag during S8: E9 but the Doctor continues to walk around upright while stuck in the TARDIS. He can even "Addams Family" the miniature exterior from horizontal to vertical to escape an oncoming train. However, when the miniature TARDIS falls back onto its side a moment later in the scene the interior does quake although its orientation doesn't change.
Regarding what happens only to the exterior, the TARDIS can fall over if tilted too far, although this may be able to be countered if the Doctor knows the TARDIS won't be materialising upright. In the video @Valorum commented with, the TARDIS can fall if the ground beneath it gives way and it becomes unbalanced.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.625031
Retrieved Text: Joe Satriani announces the release of his 16th solo album, What Happens Next, set for release, January 12, 2018 on Sony/Legacy Recordings.
Chickenfoot), the latter reuniting with SATRIANI for the first time since their work in the supergroup Chickenfoot.
Joe is once again joined by producer/engineer/mixer Mike Fraser, his frequent collaborator over the last 20 years, on What Happens Next. Fraser is well-known for recording/mixing every AC/DC album since 1990’s The Razors Edge along with his classic works with Joe going back to the release of Crystal Planet in 1998.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.595484
Retrieved Text: Reality Happens, are you paying attention?
Reality happens to be….God setting the rules.
Reality happens, there is no avoiding it by exchanging the truth for a lie. Reality happens to be that which God ordains. He has set the Law of Motion in the heavens and on earth. The sun rules the day and the moon at night. The sea’s mighty movements are held in place and butterflies direct the course of the winds. All movement is by Divine decree.
Life itself is bound by God’s Laws. Entropy is another Law that was set in place. Because of it all matter loses its form over time. Have you looked in the mirror lately? And speaking of time, we are not allowed that much and it goes by so fast. And then we meet our Maker. Is there any way that our meeting could not be a dreadful thing?
We have been told of His Ten Commandments. Ten Laws to obey. If we did we wouldn’t be concerned with thoughts of our demise. But, reality happens and we discover that they are Holy Laws. Even though we would very much like to oblige, we discover that we can’t. Not perfectly anyway. It was no surprise to God. He knew we couldn’t, but for our sake He gave these Laws to us to reveal our condition by exposing our sin.
Reality happens to be a loving God.
In time He came, the savior of mankind. Jesus did what we could not do. He obeyed every one of God’s Laws. Innocent before God and man

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.580212
Retrieved Text: What happens if you get pulled over without car insurance in Delaware. Compare CAR INSURANCE right here and Save HUNDREDS of Dollars!
In many states you have during the tenure of your insurance company if it may be rotated among different insurance you may need to check the credit card, then the other party's insurers do not purchase a new insurance schemes available and would eventually increase your charges so much spam on the front wind shield and rear window. When you find out that you may have changed because insurance policies to the future, albeit somewhat selectively, but it does not always be true. The same coverages of different quotes from companies that are available according to the most affordable price. This vehicle insurance policies seem to pose the typical argument is that even if the Insured in an accident.
Once a good way to do some online research. It's easy to compare what happens if you get pulled over without car insurance in Delaware policy, you do. These companies offer, which you could however try sites that will come into play. Insurance companies (You can simply contact your insurer and amend the details.) If you are contemplating about car accidents and violations in the worst traffic offences, and leading causes. When you are patient enough to be monetary personal gain of the policies that not all options are of getting a what happens if you get pulled over without car insurance in Delaware is no reason to spend on their experience behind a steering wheel you

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.574993
Retrieved Text: Hello – I just installed your plugin, tweaked my settings, and click build index but nothing happens. I’ve left the page open and let it sit for an hour, but nothing changes. This is my staging site and I really want to use this plugin, but I can’t get it to work.
Tried disabling all other plugins and reactiving.
Tried deactiving Relevanssi and reinstalling – nothing changes.
No (Relevanssi-related) errors there. When you click the “Build index” button, what exactly happens? Does the indexing status bar and message box appear? If it does, does the box stay empty, or is something printed in it?
Divi works with Relevanssi, so that should not be an issue.
When I click the button – nothing happens at all. The button gets a blue shadow showing that I’ve clicked it, but the screen doesn’t change. There’s no loading wheel in the browser tab or anything. It’s like a dead button. I tried to use firefox browser this morning too to see if it was a browser issue. Nothing happens at all. Time doesn’t change.
I did a screencast to show you what I’m seeing. When I roll my mouse over the different submenu links you can see the bottom bar showing an action will take place. When I roll over the build the index button there’s no action and when I click it nothing happens.
This simulates a click on the indexing button, and should trigger the indexing. If it doesn’t, hopefully there’s an error message.
Well, that’s something I haven’t seen before, and I have no idea

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.553017
Retrieved Text: Leadership Question #3: How Can You Keep Inspiration Alive?
Continuing in my series of “20 Leadership Questions,” we come to the third question that Michael Smith asked when he interviewed me. This is one that every leader inevitably faces as his organizations grows.
We’ve all experienced it: the large bureaucracy where where the employees seem to be just punching the clock.
Last week, I had to get my drivers license renewed. This meant a trip to the Department of Safety’s Driver Service Center. While the process was quicker and more efficient than I expected, the people working the counter seemed lifeless. No smiles. No warmth. Just marking time. It was a little depressing.
However, this happens in the private sector as well. In fact, it happens any time people get disconnected from the their purpose.
Connect people to the larger story. People want to know that their organization matters. They want to know it is making a difference in the world. For this to happen, you must connect them to the larger story. Why was your organization founded? Why does it exist? What would happen if it disappeared? What is really at stake?
Resist creating new policies. I have seen this over and over again in organizations. Someone makes a mistake. Rather than dealing with the problem—which is likely an exception or an anomaly—the leaders create a new policy. Over time, these policies slow an organization down, like the ropes that rendered Gulliver immovable. The better tactic is to deal with problems and people head-on and only institute a policy if the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.551691
Retrieved Text: What happens when you try to open the door? What happens when you pop in a DVD? Does it read regular CDs? Give us more info please.
Your drive is experiencing mechanical problems. It is time to retire it and get yourself a new one. When it takes longer to troubleshoot and try to repair than the what? $40 it'll cost to replace it - it is wiser to replace it.
DVD burners today are disposable... even the high and mighty PLEXTOR line of optical drives are disposable. First DVD +/- RW drive I bought (Sony) cost me $450.00. I recently purchased an NEC dual layer DVD +/- RW drive for $38.00 (no tax/no shipping). We've come a long way... It's time for a new drive.
Opinion: Although optical drives are dirt cheap compared to what they once cost, I still like buying a "Brand" name over the generic crap the office supply stores sell.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.5302925
Retrieved Text: Two great options: “you can’t go wrong!”, can be paralyzing. Of course, it’s better to have too many than not enough, but choosing is never easy when we make being right or choosing best a necessary outcome.
Opt to look at is as an opportunity that might be great, likely will be great, make your choice, give it a well planned effort and see what happens. We so often think we have control over the future–real control–that we neglect to ride the changes and turns that are “what happens”. We view decisions as going from one clear point in time to another, when it’s the in-between times that really are where the action is. Our outcomes are made on the path from one defined “place” to another.
Not knowing the future should allow us to stop agonizing (not stop planning, researching or defining great options, just the agonizing) over two great options. Having to know what’s BEST is an exercise in wasted time and energy.
Celebrate your future, make an informed decision and be okay with not knowing. For now.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.529072
Retrieved Text: Is your Website Down, Broken or Been Hacked? We can fix it.
A strong partnership with your web developer is important. But what happens if that relationship breaks down? Or if your developer retires, or changes career? Or, to use an extreme and unfortunate example, passes away while your site is still in development?
Looking at things from a more technical angle, what happens if, over the years, the code your website uses is no longer supported? Or, if you've tried to design your own site and got in over your head? Or, if you simply don't have the time or expertise to make your own site do what you need it to do?
For times like these, Inspire created their 'Developer SOS' service. If any of these things happen to you or your business, just get in touch with us. We will assess the problem - or take over where your previous developer left off - do what needs to be done, and get you back in business with no further obligation. We have ridden to the rescue for clients in the UK, the United States and Europe - and can help YOU too!.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.514125
Retrieved Text: Right, so next on my list, the latest book I read was ‘Be Careful What You Wish For’ by Alexandra Potter.
What initially pulled me towards this book was, of course, the title. It is a common thing that people have warned us about for years. And well, they’ve almost always also had their own reasons or examples and the such.
I was very curious as to how Alexandra Potter would have put this forth in a different way that made it worth writing about.
I was wrong in one way. The author has, in fact, put the message forth in a very straightforward manner that allows us to relate it to what we’ve heard over the years and still make it interesting by having an engaging storyline with lots of details and a writing style that makes you wait, waiting to know what happens next.
The plot follows Heather Hamilton, a normal person who wishes for things all the time, small and big alike. One fine day, she happens to buy a Heather from a random gypsy on the street. Unbeknown to her, the heather is, in fact, a magical artifact that makes all her wishes come true. Every time she thinks or says “She wishes…..”, it happens!
Despite all her wishes coming true, Heather soon realizes that they might not always be exactly what she asked for. When Gabe, a handsome American answers her ad for a new housemate and James finally talks to her and they start going out and her boss gets a new client who brings

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.402333
Retrieved Text: Owning a house was never as easy as it is now. With the increasing competition among lenders, we are witnessing an unprecedented boom in home loans. They have made moving into a new or a larger home a relatively easy possibility. Millions of people owe the roofs over their heads to some form of home loan.
Increased competition has resulted in the lowering of home mortgage rates. This trend is visible through most parts of the world. Ads shout about ‘the lowest home mortgage rates’. Lower interest rates are the first things that many a cost-conscious customer looks for in these loans. Now let’s face it, most of us are cost conscious. Most of us will be tempted by the barrage of these ads. The added appeal lies in the fact that you need not pay these loans in a jiffy. You can take your own sweet time. Some lenders offer you a thirty year time period to repay the loan. Now thirty years is almost half your life time. Many feel they can repay this loan over that period of time, but there are potential risks involved in going in for these loans with low mortgage rates. For one thing, you cannot foresee and forecast the future accurately. Interest rates are liable to up and down. What happens to your loan if the rates shoot through the roof? What happens if you want to move on to another larger house after some time? What happens if real estate prices come crashing down? All these questions have

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.391082
Retrieved Text: What Happens to Your Benefits If You Die After You Retire? By John Grobe Thursday, December 4, 2008 You can have daily headlines from FedSmith.com delivered right to your desktop each business morning. The service is free and you don't get junk e-mail as the price of your subscription. Just visit our newsletter page to sign up! John Grobe is a retired federal employee with over 25 years of experience in federal human resources and President of Federal Career Experts, a training and consulting firm that specializes in federal employee retirement and career transition issues. This is a follow-up article to several recent articles on the topic of federal employee benefits. The earlier articles are: What Happens to Your Federal Employee Benefits if You Die While Still Working?, Leaving Government Before Retirement? What Happens To Your Benefits?, and If You Die Before You Retire, What Happens to Your Benefits? A Response to Readers' Questions. This article considers the question: What happens to your benefits if you die after you retire? Your spouse will be able to keep your health insurance if two conditions are met. First, you must have elected a survivor annuity. Second, your spouse must be enrolled with you on a self and family policy on the date of your death. If these conditions are met, you spouse will be able to continue your health insurance and Uncle will continue to pay his share. Your life insurance will be paid to your designated beneficiary. If the amount of your insurance is $5,000 or greater,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.369582
Retrieved Text: We all have the same 24/7/365. So what happens to our day? How do we begin it? What do we do all day long? What about at night? Where does our time go? This book is designed and written so you can become better focused on being in control of your time rather it being control over you. It will take 15-20 minutes a day to read and write.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.3361
Retrieved Text: The node running 3.0.2 was running over a multicast enabled network.
configurations and see what happens.
>> bit of time spare.
>> AG3.0.2 and AG 3.1 beta.
>> All three machines were running Windows XP.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.295194
Retrieved Text: I am indeed using BEx, let me try 3.5.1b.
BTW, this only happens on Dolphin, custom music is fine on Wii.
I suspect that's your problem. If it's not you can upload your files.
Also, here's the aforementioned video in my edit. I'm applying FPC 3.5.1b now but I think maybe seeing, or rather, hearing exactly what happens to me can help you help us. First song played is CSE, which all CSE songs sound the same. The second song, the Smash 4 menu theme, is over Menu 2 and so you can get a grasp of what happens when I play a song over CSE slots or replaced slots.
DERP... It seems Bandicam recorded NONE of the game audio, I'll make a new video later, trying 3.5.1b now.
If the problem isn't solved by 3.5.1b it would be more practical for me to have the files as previously mentioned so I can see what's going on in your setup.
Yes, that was my next plan.
Okay, so it didn't work, so I'm uploading the file now. Don't see how taking out the BRSTMs will help, but I'm still doing it since you asked me to.
And the power went out right when it was at like, 80%. With how long that took, I'm not trying to uploa again, sorry. Please just tell me what you do so I can fix the problem.
There's too many possibilities at this point so explaining what to do without having access to the files is impractical. I'd suggest trying the upload again later. Also, notifications aren't sent for

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.293137
Retrieved Text: Re: Deluge in the Jar!
Thunderfuck is right, too much water is just inviting bacterial (or otherwise) contamination. You COULD try to put a layer of dry verm ontop of your cakes to absorb some of the moisture from the cakes, although opening your jars will subject them to even more possible contaminants. Since you've already innoculated wait a week or two and see what happens, they might grow. If nothing appears after 2 weeks open the jars and smell them. Anything but BRF smell and/or mushroom smells is a bad thing, start over. If you can't wait 2 weeks, just start over now and save yourself some time, they'll probably get contaminated if they are too moist.
Water logged substrate is bad. Now they'll probably get contamninated. You should have started over again.
I've decided to bag my waterlogged batch... the brown rice flour looks ugly and in some patches looks a different color. I'm getting a little growth of mycelium, but I don't think they stand a chance. I'll set them aside and see what happens. Not holding my breath.
I'm returning to the boiling method of sterilization... my pressure cooker is a freaking headache! Luckily I have 2 Eq sporeprints so I can handle losing one syringe-full on this bad batch.
Thank you, all! I've decided to just be patient and see what happens. GT, good to hear from you! Sorry about the pressure cooker. I didn't mention it, but I constructed a HEPA filter box which my substrate jars went into immediately. Perhaps there is still hope

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.279738
Retrieved Text: Do You Ever Wonder About What Happens to Unclaimed Baggage?
It happens all the time--a bag is lost while flying. Most lost luggage makes it back to its owner eventually. But what happens to the bags that never get claimed? Chances are, they end up in Scottsboro, Alabama, at a place call Unclaimed Baggage.
Once a bag is considered permanently lost, the passenger is compensated for that loss. Unclaimed Baggage buys these bags sight unseen and ships them all to Scottsboro. About one million items pass through the store each year, about 60 percent of it clothing.
There have been some unusual items over the years. Strange things found in unclaimed luggage include a mummified falcon, a 19th century full suit of armor, a 40-carat natural emerald, the Muppet character “Hoggle” from the movie, “Labyrinth,” and a live rattlesnake.
All the items found in the lost luggage are offered for sale, most at a great bargain. What if you can’t make it to their Scottsboro store? Visit their website at unclaimedbaggage.com, where you’ll be able to take a virtual tour of the store.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.265349
Retrieved Text: without your health you have nothing!
This has happened to me on countless occasions at any given time. It's almost like I'm reading there thoughts or their thoughts are on a certain frequency and I'm attuned to it.
Can anyone identify with this? And how can I make this happen more frequently?
Perception is everything, because you think you see it, does it mean its true?
Oh yes although it doesn't work when I try to make it, lol.
You are correct this generally happens when two or more people are on the same frequency. You see it a lot with best friends and close family members. Sometimes with strangers which happens with me a lot. I think it depends to great deal on our own frequencies and how open those frequencies are to mingling with theirs. It can also happen when the other person is the one doing it, such as sending out those frequencies. Mostly it seems to happen randomly but some people can fine tune it with practice and simply noticing.
Notice what's going on around you within your own space when this happens and that should give you clues as to how to proceed.
Eh thanks for the reply. Next time I'll take in what else is happening around me and how I feel, bottle that moment and manifest it at a given time. What a skill to have knowing what someone is thinking.
All them times it has happened over the years it always feels normal, as of its supposed to happen.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.258876
Retrieved Text: UK lawmakers have seized control of Brexit. What happens next?
There were audible gasps in the UK Parliament on Monday night as lawmakers voted to seize control of the Brexit process from embattled Prime Minister Theresa May -- the first time in over a century that MPs have taken over the parliamentary timetable from the government.

================



======= Instance Index 1397 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What helps people see?" and the following answer choices: 
- cameras
 - plastic
 - bushes
 - an electron lens
 - focusing a lens
 - blinds
 - flashlights
 - dolphins

Now knowing that aflashlight requires a source of electricity to produce light and good lighting helps people see steps down, rugs or other obstacles, choose the best answer.

Target Text: flashlights

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.815662
Retrieved Text: Socorro Enders February 27, 2019 February 27, 2019 No Comments on How do you know which product suits you best?
Today there are actually so many things in this world that you can buy. But, how exactly do you know what to buy for yourself? There are some people in the world today who really need to figure out what they want to buy. But how exactly should one really get what they need from the stores. When you walk into a supermarket you see so many different signs and offers that are on the boards and aisles in the market. This helps you figure out what exactly you want to get for your home. A lot of people really need to understand the concept of this type of advertising.
How do you the different products are out on sale?
Today, there are many different sign boards which are used to show how people get their produce. However, when they are introducing a new brand into the market, the employees tend to use pull up banner stand printing Singapore has so that people will understand what they can get. It is an important part of advertising in a supermall or departmental store; as it allows people to understand what they would want to try out and see as well. It helps people to also know that there are plenty of things which people can buy.
There are many other kinds of purposes this actually serves as and mainly some of them are if you are having a sale or even

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.375927
Retrieved Text: May is Mental Health month, and while the nature of this blog is to be uplifting in helping women manage anxious thoughts, I have to deliver the darker truths as well.
Someone on the outside may look like they’ve got it all together, but they may still be going through a mild case of depression. And others may experience it more severely. Bi-polar disorder, postpartum and certain chemical makeup can cause depression to happen more frequently or intensely for some.
No matter the cause or severity, there’s one common trend for all who suffer from this mental mood disorder.
I sure did. At the time, I thought I would never get back to my normal self. Even though I felt hopeless, I was willing to at least try what my counselor had advised me.
Staying the course is crucial for all aspects of life. Whether you’re trying to write a book, raise a family, get a promotion, complete a race, or overcome depression, you have to commit and be willing to keep going…even when the words won’t come, the finish line is miles away, or you can’t stop crying. But how do you keep going when you’ve lost hope?
We often need help staying the course and seeing the light. This is where The Book of Hope comes in.
Krysta Gibson, publisher and editor of New Spirit Journal, has compiled a collection of personal stories to make up The Book of Hope: 31 True Stories from Real People Who Didn’t Give Up . I am beyond honored and delighted to have my

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.270634
Retrieved Text: The story, "What Is In Your Schoolbag?" helps learners practice vocabulary relating to school.
CLICK HERE for free worksheets!
"Colors, Colors, Colors", helps learners identify colors in English.
"What Can You Make With These Shapes?" will help learners identify shapes. Learners can use their own imaginations to create things with shapes.
"How Many Birds Are In The Tree?" helps learners practice counting and using number in English.
"What Do You Like?" will help learners practice the names of fruit as well as practice expressing their preferences.
"Do You Feel Better?" is about a boy's visit with a doctor. Learners can practice naming the parts of the body.
"Who Is That?" helps learners identify the people in their family in English.
"Let's Go To The Park!" will help learners identify things in a park/playground.
Learn the names of creatures you might see in a garden with the story, "What Is In Your Garden?"
Learners can practice talking about their abilities with the story, "What Can You Do?"
"What Is It?" helps learners identify things they may not know how to identify.
Learners can develop the skill of asking for foods they want with the story, "I Am Hungry!"
Learners can practice how to use prepositions of place with the story, "Where Is Mr. Chilly?"
With the story, "Where Do You Want To Go?" learners can practice telling people where they want to go.
With the story, "At The Zoo", learners can practice animal vocabulary and the Present Continuous Tense.
With the story, "At the Toy Store", learners can practice vocabulary relating to toys you can buy in a toy store.
The story, "Show And

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.220706
Retrieved Text: My focus in working with clients is to help clients gain and maintain control of themselves and their lives despite present and past obstacles, stresses, and trauma.
I see clients in person as well as via telephone and online/internet modes. I accept most insurances and charge fees for those who do not have insurance. Reduced fees are available for clients based on income and situation. Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions or refer anyone to me who is looking for a therapist. If you are interested in having groups run at my office or in the community, I would be more than happy to do so. Be sure to like my on Facebook (Margaret Andem ARNP, LCSW) to check out positive, inspiring quotes.
Psychotherapy helps people obtain the tools to help themselves through life's challenges. It helps people to see the areas of their lives where they can have control and assume that control. It helps people build themselves and their lives into something healthy.
No-one in life is perfect. We all have issues that we have to deal with and resolve. This is part of being human. The issues do not have to define who you are. People are not their issues. People have issues. Having issues or needing help to resolve issues does not make a persoon weak. Being able to recognize issues, the need to work on and resolve these issues, and the need for help with these issues shows strength and a willingess to see oneself as human. The work

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.127106
Retrieved Text: It is true to say that a lot of business people are not serious to include a business proposal in their businesses. They act purely on instinct which can result in their business being doomed. It is true to say that using a business plan gives you an extra edge over the other who do not apply it. In case you decide to go through with it you will be doing your business a favor, and it is wise that you do not let go of such a plan.A business proposal is a documentation of how the business is projected to operate.There are professionals who have come up, and they help people when it comes to writing business proposals.If you are not sure of how to go about it is wise that you consult such experts. Listed are some of the advantages of having a business proposal.
It helps you to identify the risks involved in the business. It aids you to scrutinize the difficulties which are mostly to take up the business and to calculate steps to conquer them. You will be saving your time and energy if you choose to take this path. There is a chance of you not being able to handle such problems in the future without planning them.
You will see that a business proposal usually helps someone a lot when it comes to attracting people who are interested in investing in their businesses. You will see that if you plan your proposal well and a lot of people understand it and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.045919
Retrieved Text: Motivation is an energy that drives people to action in order to attain a certain goal.
Most of us need motivation at whatever we do. It makes work easier and lighter and it helps us to see work not as a task but as a way to show our desire and ability to perform.
Motivation is the energy that fuels your enthusiasm to master your job and excel at it. It is a life-changing force that helps to build self-confidence, optimism and desire to deliver.
People who feel that their companies are not stable enough to provide them with job security are not motivated to work their best. An assurance that their employment is secure and that their contributions are needed for the company's success can motivate them to work at their best.
Trust is a great motivator and it helps people to be confident in themselves. People who feel that they are trusted become more responsible, and they tend to become more resourceful, creative and dependable.
Success stories inspire people. It is a force that can drive people to excellence and motivate them to become better at what they do. These stories carry hope and they bring to people a message that they can do things if they put their heart to it.
People who are down are in desperate need of moral support to keep them going. They are in need of encouraging words to propel them to act instead of resorting to despair and self-pity. People find motivation when they realize that there are still individuals who believe in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.933842
Retrieved Text: Measure happiness on a team, department and organizational level. Friday brings weekly improvements through guided conversations with your team. Say no to boring team meetings.
Friday measures employee happiness on a weekly basis, analyses it, and then feeds it back anonymously so that everyone across the organization gets the insights they need.
We guide teams in talking about their Happiness KPI each Monday so they can make their week better. Take a peek below at some of the key features and benefits.
At the end of each week we ask how happy people were at work. A week is our natural rhythm of working and, by asking every week, Friday helps teams reflect on their experience of working together.
Each team's scores are fed back to them on their dashboard so they can reflect on what went well during the week and what didn't. This immediate feedback provides the starting point for improving how the team works together.
We won't drown you with excessive information. Our pulse check builds up data on the core topics that impact happiness at work. Over six weeks we ask a variety of questions so you get a full understanding of your organization without everyone suffering from survey fatigue.
Friday helps employees better understand their own and their teams happiness. They'll learn what drives happiness, what undermines it, and how they can improve. With anonymous reporting on scores, employees are safe to express how they feel without fear of being singled out.
Friday helps team leaders manage conversations about the key issues affecting the way their team works

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.919045
Retrieved Text: Several times in therapy groups this week, there was spontaneous applause, as people supported each other’s perspectives and progress.
I remember attending an “Opening the Heart” weekend workshop many years ago, where each one of us received thunderous, sustained applause after introducing ourselves. I still vividly recall how that applause felt, after I had revealed myself and my vulnerabilities to many strangers.
How do you respond to applause?
No matter what kind of comment you leave below, you’re sure to get applause from me.
Gratitude is a kind of applause, so I’m now clapping for all those who helped me create today’s post and — of course! — YOU.
Day 2014: How do you stop catastrophizing?
When there are so many catastrophes around, how do you stop catastrophizing?
Do you share what you observe?
When the cupboard is bare, do you stock it?
Do you imagine a world without cancer?
Do you keep calm and carry on?
Do you get in touch with your strengths?
Do you change your life?
Do you try to see your way through all the clutter?
Do you let go of judgment and cognitive distortions, focusing on what helps?
Do you turn to music?
Do you share your catastrophizing with other people?
Do you forgive yourself and others for mistakes? Do you gird yourself for the next catastrophe? Or, do you focus on gratitude?
When I help people join my therapy groups, I tell them we will work on doing more of what helps and less of what doesn’t help. I help people understand that by saying, “What helps and what doesn’t help might include thoughts, behaviors, and other

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.906532
Retrieved Text: Therapy helps people cope with anxiety, depression, and a host of situational problems, but therapy isn’t magic. The truth is that therapy helps increase mental health by creating change in a how a person lives life, and how that same person sees life.
1) Therapy reinforces what is good in your life. A person who comes to therapy often can’t see anything except what is bad about his situation. Therapy makes sure to focus on the client’s strengths.
2) Therapy re-frames negative thought patterns. Often we see the things that happen to use through a distorted lens. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) helps put troubling thoughts and events in a more realistic frame, leading to a decrease in self-blame, depression, and anxiety. CBT is one of the most-used talk therapies for depression and anxiety, and can work relatively quickly.
3) Therapy teaches relaxation. Most people never check their posture or breathing, and are shocked to learn they hold a lot of tension in their bodies and breathe too shallowly. Therapy helps reverse this habit.
4) Therapy teaches how to ‘talk back’ to your inner critic. Do you have a little voice inside that is constantly running you down with thoughts like, “I’m too fat. I never do anything right. Why even try?” etc, and so forth? Therapy teaches you how to shut that voice up, or at least make it pipe down.
5) Therapy affirms reaching out over isolation. Depressed and anxious people tend to exaggerate the extent of their pathology and begin to withdraw from others and from group activities. Therapy

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.829535
Retrieved Text: When you sit down to start writing an essay do you stare at a blank page for ages thinking what to write? Well, you’re not alone – this happens to students, journalists and academics. In fact all writers, whether they are experts or beginners, have periods of what we call ‘writer’s block’.
Why do people get writer’s block? Well, it could be for many reasons such as lack of inspiration, the time of the day, tiredness etc. For students writing essays, it is often because they want to write perfectly from the beginning. However, this is almost impossible for even the most expert writers because writing is a process which involves a lot of revisions, editing and rewriting.
So how do you stop writer’s block? Well, the most important thing to do is to start getting your ideas out of your head. At this stage it doesn’t matter what you write as you will have plenty of time for rewriting and redrafting as you go through the essay writing process.
1. Free writing. This is where you write anything that comes into your head which is connected to the topic.
Why is it useful? It helps you get your ideas out on paper where they can be organised and rewritten. It helps you see where you have good ideas and where you have gaps in your information. It helps you see whether you can answer the question or just write about the topic. This is useful for focusing your research more.
2. Audio free writing. This is the same as number

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.742762
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Cued Speech UK > What is Cued Speech?
Cued speech helps deaf people see what you’re saying.
It’s a manual system of 8 handshapes in 4 positions near the mouth which completely clarify the lip-patterns of your speech and it is quick and comparatively easy to learn.
It turns your spoken language (English and many other languages) into a visual language. Research shows that with Cued Speech 96% of English can be accurately lip-read. You can help your deaf baby or child see the whole of the English language as clearly as hearing people can hear it.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.726037
Retrieved Text: What do legends do in the morning? There is no denying that successful people are busy people...so how do they spend their mornings? You might say things like they write down their goals for the day or spend a few hours reading etc. But success coach Tony Robbins helps us see through this video that the answer is developing their levels of appreciation!
In this video, Mr Robbins helps us understand the importance of taking time to appreciate the very lives that we are living. He recommends we do this through oxygenating our bodies and really paying attention to the three most important thing in our lives. Enjoy!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.725741
Retrieved Text: Facilitation, agenda, invitation template, local contacts. Funding for any costs.
Coordination of people, venue and food.
Setting a goal, or intent, helps to guide the design process. It’s easy to go straight into solutions and activities - starting with a clear intent helps everyone to focus on an aspiration for a community. Sometimes the intent is wide - it reaches across a community, and sometimes it helps to narrow the focus - for example it might be about a group of parents or a smaller geographical area.
The process of defining intent helps people to set aside judgement and begin to see their community of parents with fresh eyes. Everyone has a view of parenting, parents and their community. We all have a view of what’s good, what’s bad and what can be done about it.
The SKIP design process asks you to let go of all of this so you can begin to listen to parents and see them with fresh eyes. Being curious about their lives will help you to ask different questions and hear different answers.
The SKIP team has developed a workshop that can be part of the first community session, or held at a separate time. The workshop is almost a mini design process, where people actively interview each other and develop insights about what they see happening. These interviews are turned into insights and the groups then works together to identify a common goal.
Like all SKIP workshops there’s lots of interaction, thinking, talking, listening and creativity.
At the end of this session, we’ll ask the group

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.720705
Retrieved Text: Watch me as I interact with people in the street. The biggest challenge is getting yourself to do it. It feels strange, or uncomfortable. You get worried that people are going to wonder what you’re doing or think you’re weird. And that’s exactly the point! To feel uncomfortable, a little embarrassed, and to maybe have people question what you’re doing. This exposes you to your fears and helps you see that you can handle them. That they don’t have to hold you back.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.684651
Retrieved Text: What Is It About Animals That Helps People Heal?
To me, it’s because dogs are such loyal and constant companions. My Bulldog Archie is always excited to see me and that alone can make my day!
Daniel Allen, founder of the U.K.’s Pet Nation, offers an explanation:“Since childhood, everybody has had their own personal experiences with animals. Encounters can trigger individual memories, and stimulate those who may be shy or have issues with socializing or communicating. Animals are well-known social lubricants. Interaction can increase confidence and help individuals feel more widely accepted within their community and society.”Allen also believes the healing benefit of an animal is linked to the person’s mental health and human needs, and is not dependent on a particular dog breed or animal species.
via What Is It About Animals That Helps People Heal?.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.672284
Retrieved Text: Everything DiSC® is the leading personal assessment tool used by more than 40 million people to improve work productivity, teamwork and communication. DiSC is a personal assessment tool used to improve work productivity, teamwork and communication. If you participate in a DiSC assessment, you’ll be asked to complete a series of questions that produce a detailed report about your personality and behaviour. DiSC is non-judgmental and helps people discuss their behavioural differences.
The DiSC model provides a common language that people can use to better understand themselves and to adapt their behaviors with others. This can be within a work team, a sales relationship, a leadership position, or other relationships.
Increase your self-knowledge: how you respond to conflict, what motivates you, what causes you stress and how you solve problems.
Facilitate better teamwork and minimize team conflict.
Develop stronger sales skills by identifying and responding to customer styles.
Manage more effectively by understanding the dispositions and priorities of employees and team members.
Become more self-knowledgeable, well-rounded and effective leaders.
in-house tools for our large business clients to administer for themselves.
How is DiSC different then other assessments like Myers-Briggs?
DiSC looks at behaviours as a result of your personality type, rather than just personality type. Why is that important? Because behaviour is what others see, and what we see in them. DiSC helps us identify and name our own behaviours and those of others, and understand the motivations behind them so that we can strengthen our relationships. Personality assessments like Myers-Briggs help us gain insight into ourselves but they stop there. Everything DiSC helps us

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.655216
Retrieved Text: I work for a charity that helps homeless and people with drug addictions get to medical appointments. We are required to use our own vehicle and In turn we get reimbursed for gas, mileage, and they cover all maintenance expenses. My issue is that people see me picking these people up and dropping them off and I... show more I work for a charity that helps homeless and people with drug addictions get to medical appointments. We are required to use our own vehicle and In turn we get reimbursed for gas, mileage, and they cover all maintenance expenses. My issue is that people see me picking these people up and dropping them off and I always have this fear that people are assuming that I am picking up these people for illicit purposes. As I was leaving my condo one of the guys who maintains the property snickered in my face. He did it like he knows something about me. I think he’s from that lower income area where I work, and he might see me picking up those drug addict prostitutes. I would quit but I enjoy helping people and it pays a lot of money.
who cares ?? YOU know what you are doing is good, so heck with them !!!
you working for a charity and helping out those in need is great. you shouldn’t let what others say bother you. The fact that they are so quick to judge says a lot about their character and you shouldn’t let their opinions get to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.611432
Retrieved Text: Lets call a spade a spade. Unsecured debt is what is killing most middle class families. Rates from 18% t0 48% on credit cards and loan services companies are the number one item we help people with on a daily basis. We need to see some intervention that helps people protect themselves from themselves.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.609841
Retrieved Text: the Internet 1 | Репетитор по английскому языку. ОГЭ и ЕГЭ.
what dangers teenagers can face when they use the Internet.
The Internet today is almost all teenagers’ life. Social life of a modern teenager is in the Internet: they make new friends and communicate here. It also helps them to study: it’s impossible to prepare a project for school without it, some schoolchildren even have extra classes with their teachers online. The Internet is the best entertainment today: we can play games, listen to music and watch films.
Of course the Internet helps us to be in touch with people who live far away. We can write letters by e-mail, and our friends get them almost immediately. There are even programs like Skype which gives us a chance to see a person while we are talking. It’s also not expensive.
There are some dangers which teenagers can face. Firstly, there are examples of addiction when people couldn’t live a day without the Internet. Secondly, some harmful programs from the Internet can damage our computers.
The Internet today is our life. Teenagers’ social life is in the Internet. Young people make new friends and communicate here. They study in the Internet too. Nowadays it’s impossible to prepare a project for school without it. The Internet is the best entertainment today. We can play games, listen to music and watch films.
The Internet helps us to be in touch with people who live far away. We can write letters by e-mail and quickly get answers. There are programs like Skype which help us

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.608209
Retrieved Text: Our worship and creative teams work each week to provide an atmosphere that helps people experience the presence of God.
We are always looking for willing people to join our team! God has gifted you in a way you may not have even known about and we believe that that gift can be mined and refined.
*Although experience helps, there are many positions on our team where it is not required, so don't be afraid to step out of the boat and see what God can do through you.
*If you find that our team is not the right fit for you, we are dedicated to finding one of the amazing serve teams at our church that is!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.598448
Retrieved Text: Build your team for the busy holiday season. Ten industry experts were asked their favorite interview question. Here are #10things you can ask during the hiring process to acquire top talent.
“What do you value most in life and why?” This is a great way to find out if their values align with the company’s core values.
“What is your favorite skin care product and why?” I want to be the customer while they sell it to me. See how comfortable they are with the process and speaking on their feet.
“Tell me about a time when you exceeded your client’s expectations.” I like giving the applicant time to brag about themselves; it shows me how confident they are with opening up to guests.
“What gives your soul juice?” I love finding out what gives people their drive.
“What are your thoughts on teamwork and professional community?” It helps to understand how people get along with others and what drives them…especially in a commission environment where teamwork is important.
“Where do you see yourself in five years?” You can gauge if their goals and priorities are in line with those of your company.
“How will working with our company move you towards your career goals?” It tells me if they did their research on our company and have an authentic interest.
“What is the biggest inspiration you have for entering this industry?” I want to see where they are in their life and their ambition.
“What is your favorite thing about this business and how will you contribute to the business?” This helps me determine

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.588891
Retrieved Text: Articles and News - What does retirement look like for you?
Once you have established your ‘why’ you can then start to make decisions about making your money work harder for you or how and when to take benefits from your pension. With the changes to pension rules from April 2015 people will have much greater flexibility with their pension pots.
At Fort Financial Planning, we have The Visual Forecast™. This enables you to see visually what your financial future might look like and helps you make decisions about the future. It can help us answer the real questions about money like ‘how much longer do I need to work full time for?’ and ‘How much more can we spend in retirement without running out?’ In relation to inheritance tax planning it helps you see how much you can help your family now and in the future.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.563295
Retrieved Text: No one knows your circumstances better than you. No one knows the right answers better than you. Our role is to help you with the right questions. Sometimes the most valuable service we provide is that we help you recognize how your outcome is determined by your outlook – whether your focus be your career, your team's success, or your organization’s future.
Sometimes our attitudes and beliefs limit the potential benefits from what we know. A good coach helps you see what you're not already seeing. A good coach asks you questions that you cannot always answer right away, questions that require hard thinking, questions that test your assumptions, reveal possibilities and lead to right action that you might not otherwise have conceived. That's why the most successful people work with coaches.
Why do so many executives – people already in top positions – demand an executive coach as part of their benefits package? Because they know from experience that even their highly refined ability to see what is needed is limited by their own assumptions and beliefs. The same is true for all of us, regardless of status or position.
Most people know themselves pretty well and are able to make decisions and set goals based on who they are. Well, at least most people do this much of the time – ah, there lies the rub. The problem is we all use our own assumptions and beliefs to make decisions. These are driven by motivations that are often outside our own realm of awareness. Sometimes our assumptions

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.545421
Retrieved Text: Having a corporate blog is an important digital marketing strategy. It helps with SEO, gives your customers and clients important information, helps educate new customers and clients, and is a great platform to talk about what you do and how you do it.
Undoubtedly you spend a fair amount of time curating the content for your blog. You come up with ideas, write the content, optimize it for your website, and more. After it’s written, you want to make sure that people actually read it.
One of the best ways to get your blog content out there is to post it on your social media channels. Facebook is an especially powerful tool for posting your blog content and having people read and share it.
First thing is first, you should share your blog on your corporate Facebook account fairly soon after publishing it on your website. This ensures that the content is timely and lets people know that you published a new blog.
As an added bonus, sharing your blog on Facebook is totally free and it has the potential to spread far and wide. Encourage people to share it. Share it with your friends and business associates. The more eyes that see your blog post on Facebook, the better.
Using Facebook’s boosting options is a great way to get your blog content to the right people. When you boost a post, you choose who it goes to and can see how many people it can reach with a certain budget.
You can choose to pay per click, per 1000 impressions, or

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.538391
Retrieved Text: Healthy, smooth skin doesn’t happen by chance.
Dermalux LED (Light Emitting Diodes) Light Therapy is a multi-award winning, highly effective non-invasive treatment for many different skin concerns including: ageing, acne, rosacea, eczema, dermatitis, psoriasis and for aiding healing.
It uses light energy to rejuvenate and repair the skin safely with no irritation and no downtime. Fast, safe and pain-free, it produces great results for our patients.
Anyone on Roaccutane (or finished a course less than 6 months ago), St. John's wort.
Smoother, plumper skin. Reduced acne & breakouts. Quicker healing.
Minimises lines, soothes redness & irritation, reduces acne & breakouts and helps skin to heal following treatments.
Best results with a course of treatments. Single treatment after procedures helps skin heal.
Prices start from £60. Please contact the clinic for more information.
IS DERMALUX LED LIGHT THERAPY SAFE?
People often say that their skin feels better immediately after being exposed to sunlight. This is because natural sunlight contains a spectrum of visible and invisible wavelengths, only some of which are harmful (ultraviolet).
Based on this, Dermalux LED Light Therapy uses carefully selected near infrared, red and blue light to deliver the beneficial healing effects, moreover, it stimulates a cellular response, yet avoids the damaging effects of UV rays.
WHAT DOES RED LIGHT TREAT?
Red light has been proven to reduce lines, improve skin tone and texture. It stimulates the fibroblast cells which increase hydration, trigger the production of collagen and elastin, and plump up the skin.
WHAT DOES INFRA-RED LIGHT TREAT?
Infra-red light has similar effects and also soothes redness and irritation. Moreover, it has been clinically proven to accelerate

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.535783
Retrieved Text: Astrology is truly one of the loves of my life.
Reason #1: Astrology helps me to UNDERSTAND MYSELF better.
We’ve all got certain defaults and personality traits that can help us as well as work against us in certain situations. Astrology can help you see yourself up close and personal.
Reason #2: Astrology helps me to explain WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON.
Life is complicated. Sometimes we get caught up in certain influences and it’s nice to know what is going on behind the scenes.
Reason #3: Astrology tells me about the PHASE OF MY LIFE I’m currently in.
I personally love knowing why I’m drawn to certain things or feel a certain way during certain time periods. Astrology helps me to see what I should be doing in order to use the astrological influences around me to my advantage.
Reason #4: Astrology reveals WHERE I’M GOING NEXT.
Just as I love knowing about my current phase – I also like to have a little foresight into where I could potentially go next. This helps me focus on certain things NOW and preparation for the later.
Reason #5: Astrology gives me HOPE.
Some periods are just plain ‘ol ROUGH. I like having the hope factor that Astrology gives me. It helps me to quickly see when the rough patches will eventually end and how something beneficial will come out of it.
Reason #6: Astrology helps me to UNDERSTAND OTHERS better.
People can be great – but they can also be difficult. Astrology helps me to understand a little better where others are coming from. I can’t change

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.497066
Retrieved Text: A blog can help you establish credibility and authority in your industry: Nobody sees how big or small you are through a blog, provided the design is adequately done. What they do see is someone who is writing authoritatively on a particular topic. Write what you know, and speak confidently about it. Gone are the days where blogs are only about the random details of someone’s life. People in almost every industry write articles in the form of blog posts to share knowledge and establish credibility. You should too.
Extra content for your website builds SEO: There are a lot of factors that determine how your site ranks on search engines, and only Google knows exactly what they are. What we have seen, though, is that your entire site can help your pages rank. So, if you develop content throughout your site, it helps your overall ranking. A website selling blue widgets that has one page about blue widgets most likely will not rank as well as a site that has a large amount of content (many pages) devoted to blue widgets. Writing consistently on your blog not only helps others see you as an authority on a topic, but also helps Google to see you as an authority…and makes them more likely to give you better rankings.
Blogs give you content to be used for linking: One major element of Google’s ranking algorithms is links to your site from other sites. By writing relevant blog posts, you are giving other people content that they can link to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.49682
Retrieved Text: Write what you know. I’ve heard that advice all my life. But is it good advice?
What I know is my box, my comfort zone. The people that I am comfortable with are usually people like me. My comfort zone is where I live, where I worship, my own neighborhood grocery store where I know what’s on every aisle.
When I expand my circle of friends, I expand my thinking and see myself differently. When I travel to different places, I deepen my understanding of where I live. And when I open myself up to conversations about faith with people who bring different ideas, I gain a clearer understanding of my own belief in Jesus. Getting outside of my world helps to give me perspective. Getting outside the box helps me clarify what I know and helps me to be a better writer.
Getting outside the box helps me see the beauty of the box and appreciate “the vistas that extend from my feet”.
Are you thinking outside the of the box? Do you need to get out more?
Please share. Different views bring perspective!
I’m still basking in the glow of nature from my trip to Glacier Bay. Just being in a place of beauty refreshes the soul. Most amazing for me is the reminder of the diversity of the creatures in the world. The beauty, delight and joy of creation shows me the character of the Creator.
Where have you found beauty, delight and joy?
I go among the trees and sit still.
All my stirring becomes quiet around me like water.
Being in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.485462
Retrieved Text: Having a creative headshot can help your business stand out. Social media is everything these days and you want people to feel like they know you before they ever meet you. Having a photo that shows what you do or something about your personality helps people to be able to trust you faster!
Rachel makes getting your headshot done easy and convenient. All sessions are done on location any where around the Lehigh Valley and surrounding area. A questionnaire will be sent to you so that Rachel can get to know your business a little better. Knowing your business really helps to get the best possible images. To see pricing and more details about headshot sessions click here.
Have a headshot as creative as your business!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.472715
Retrieved Text: Dietary and lifestyle changes, medication, and surgery are all possible remedies for GERD. In many cases, a combination of options helps people relieve symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). The treatment your doctor recommends will depend on a number of factors, such as how severe your symptoms are, when they occur, and what you have tried in the past.
Depending on your particular situation, your GERD symptoms may improve simply by changing your diet and lifestyle. Many people find that there are several factors that make their symptoms worse, so it may take awhile to experiment and figure out exactly what you need to do to eliminate or reduce your symptoms.
For example, your doctor may suggest that you avoid certain foods that make your acid reflux worse. You might also be told to avoid eating anything close to bedtime (see GERD Diet). In some people, it helps to make lifestyle changes, such as stopping the use of tobacco products (see Smoking and GERD) or losing weight.
Wearing loose-fitting clothing. Tight clothing can put pressure on your stomach and worsen symptoms of GERD.
Raising the head of your bed 6 to 8 inches by putting blocks of wood under the bedposts -- just using extra pillows will not help.
While your doctor can give you some suggestions about what to try to relieve your symptoms, keep in mind that everyone is different. By paying close attention to your diet and activities for some time, you can try to figure out on your own which lifestyle changes might relieve your symptoms.

================



