======= Instance Index 5 =========
Input Text: The word "thing" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A thing of the spirit.
Sentence 2: Things of the heart.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.24344
Retrieved Text: Only one thing is important -- eternal salvation. Only one thing, therefore, is to be feared--sin. Sin is the result of ignorance, weakness, and indifference. The Holy Spirit is the Spirit of Light, of Strength, and of Love. With His sevenfold gifts He enlightens the mind, strengthens the will, and inflames the heart with love of God. To ensure our salvation we ought to invoke the Divine Spirit daily, for "The Spirit helpeth our infirmity. We know not what we should pray for as we ought. But the Spirit Himself asketh for us."
Almighty and eternal God, Who hast vouchsafed to regenerate us by water and the Holy Spirit, and hast given us forgiveness of all sins, vouchsafe to send forth from heaven upon us your sevenfold Spirit, the Spirit of Wisdom and Understanding, the Spirit of Counsel and fortitude, the Spirit of Knowledge and Piety, and fill us with the Spirit of Holy Fear. Amen.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.129591
Retrieved Text: Holy Spirit said something very distinct: "Ride the wind!"
I was in prayer, seeking the Lord about the season we're entering into, and He said something very distinct: Ride the wind!
I've learned we need to discern what the Holy Spirit is blowing on and go with that flow. When you discern the grace of God on something you have to tap into that vein until the wind shifts.
We can ride the wind of blessings. We can ride the wind of increase. We can ride the wind of change. We can even ride the wind of adversity for His glory. When you ride the wind, you are in a Holy-Ghost flow and you gain mass momentum. You're in that sweet spot where you've got crazy favor with God and man.
One of the symbols for the Holy Spirit is wind. John 3:8 tells us, "The wind blows where it wishes, and you hear its sound, but you do not know where it comes from or where it goes. So it is with everyone who is born of the Spirit."
We were born of the Spirit, but sometimes we want to live out of our heads instead of our hearts. We need to determine in our hearts that we're going to ride the wind of the Spirit no matter what our reasonings say, no matter what the naysayers say and no matter what the devil says.
The wind of the Spirit blew hard on the day of Pentecost, and the 120 went with the flow. Acts 2:2-4 says, "Suddenly a sound like

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.040448
Retrieved Text: Listen to the "One Thing" sermon series.
In conclusion of our One Thing series, Pastor Dhati reminds us that the one thing that matters is faith expressing itself through love. He also charges us to embrace humility while following Paul’s command to boast only in the Lord.
Pastor Dhati reminds the Church that we are God’s workmanship: created for God’s work. This work is demonstrated through the power of the Holy Spirit and made clear in healthy and fruitful relationships within the body of Christ.
Pastor Dhati revisits points from last week’s sermon regarding the call of the church, to explain what a Spirit-led church looks like. He reminds us that the Spirit not only gives us the ability to stop doing the things we shouldn’t do, but that Spirit also empowers us to do the things we are supposed to do.
As we approach the end of our One Thing series, Pastor Dhati exhorts the church to be known as a people walking corporately in the power of the Holy Spirit.
In Christ, we have freedom not to abuse and indulge in sin, but to love others fully and freely through the power of the Holy Spirit.
As we continue in our One Thing series, Pastor John M. expounds on the person of The Holy Spirit, and how vital it is for our hearts, minds, bodies, and souls to be completely saturated in Him.
As we continue in our One Thing series, Jazz Cathcart walks us through Galatians 5:1-12. He explains how Christ is passionate about freeing people, not only from slavery

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.547733
Retrieved Text: "The activity the Spirit of the Lord in the book of Judges is clearly portrayed in the charismatic leadership of the period," says my Bible's introduction to Judges. In Gideon's case the moment where God's power really took over is described in Judges 7:34: "But the Spirit of the Lord camp upon Gideon." A footnote in my Bible says. "In Hebrew this literally says 'the Spirit of the Lord clothed Himself with Gideon.'" (New Spirit Filled Life Bible p. 324) What an understandable and powerful image!
But this did not happen all at once. Gideon seems to have been naturally timid and certainly cautious. When the angel first appeared to him and told him how he would save Israel, he asked for a sign (6:17-18). When God told him to tear down his father's idol images, he did it at night "because he feared his father's household and the men of the city too much" (6:27). Even after he was Spirit-empowered, he asked for physical confirmation that God would really do what He said and God indulged him, twice (6:36-40).
The Holy Spirit in him didn't overpower his personality, but worked through his 'quirks' to bring him to the place of doing the needful thing: to obey. If he had heard God's destiny for him yet balked at tearing down those idols, would the Holy Spirit have come upon him as He did? Perhaps not.
"If there is something upon which God has put His pressure, obey in that matter, bring your imagination into captivity to the obedience of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.531207
Retrieved Text: Often bought with the thing that you are presently checking out.
Traxxas Rustler, Stampede and Bandit.
Many others have bought this thing together with the thing that you are presently checking out.
These are Shock Caps and Bottoms for Traxxas kits.
These seal the shock including the shock oil.
weight), is available in a 1/2 oz (approximately) bottle and is clear.
silicone oil is not impacted by temperature.
SUCHES AS: One approximately 1/2 ounce bottle.
This thing compliments the main item here.
They can be utilized on Traxxas or most other brands of cars.
Created for designs with a slipper clutch.
83T equipment (TRAC4683) and 90T equipment (TRAC4690).
The below thing likewise pairs really well with the thing being gone over.
This is a self tapping screw set for the Traxxas Spirit.
For the complete Spirit screw set, TRAC1250 is also required.
This thing is often bought with the above discussed thing.
This is the Traxxas Flanged Nylon Locking Nuts.
hold the suspension arms to the chassis and the hubs.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.528074
Retrieved Text: The following is the sermon outline of that which I declared at the North Central District Convention of the Missionary Church Association in Jamaica held at Devon Missionary Church in Devon Manchester on Sunday January 27, 2019.
1 Chron. 12: 32 – understanding the times and knowing what we should do.
The right thing done at the wrong time and the right thing done at the wrong time may still be the right thing but would be less effective.
The Right Time: Spiritual discernment – e.g In acts 16 Paul knew it was the Holy Spirit blocking his desire to preaching Asia but in 1 Thes. 2 he knew it was the devil hindering him from visiting Thessalonians. As we connect with the community we need to spend time in prayer seeking God’s leading on exactly what to do at what time and season.
The Right Way: (From 1 Chron. 12) – United – all tribes. A role for all -army men of various skills, and the women who prepared the food, and the animals that transported the food, All resources made available, Spirit-led devotion to the cause – v. 12 Amasai speaks under the anointing of the spirit and pledges full devotion to David, Utilization of all available weaponry – no longer sitting on the immense and powerful weapons given to us by God- sword of the spirit , not by might not by power but by my spirit, weapons mighty through God to tear down strongholds .
Have you ever read the book of Obadiah? What about Philemon? My

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.448097
Retrieved Text: As I walk through the stores either shopping for gifts or groceries, I hummm along with the music playing on the store intercoms.
I smile and say Merry Christmas, and some people smile and greet me back, while others look at me like I must be crazy.
But, if I am crazy, that means I am crazy 365 days a year.
Whether it is Christmas or just a regular day, I try to keep the Spirit of Jesus shining through me 24/7, every day, all year long.
The Christmas Spirit if you ask 10 people what the Christmas spirit is, you’ll probably get 7 to 8 different answers.
Going beyond those different answers, there is something, the Christmas spirit, that makes people more selfless, more friendly, more kind, and generally much nicer people at Christmas.
Unfortunately, due to commercialism and other factors, it seems like the transformation the Christmas spirit brought about in years passed has lessened more and more.
What is the definition of Christmas spirit?
You don’t hear that expression to much any more these days, but if you go back more then 30 years when Christmas was still seen as more of a religious celebration and a family thing as well.
Christmas had an element in it where people felt it was a good thing to do to be a little more tolerant of the misdeeds of others, to be a little more charitable. People showed a little extra tolerance and love for each other and even the animals around them.
Today you see very little of that.
Today we treat such sentiments with

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.442082
Retrieved Text: An entity is a type of thing, a class of thing, a classification of occurrences. It is identified and defined by the functions it has – see Function.
For example, the functions define the class we know as ‘water’. Even a rock or a stone has functions that define it as stone. If we can describe its attributes – what makes a stone a stone, then we have described its functions and thus its behaviour and thus the spiritual functions that the class ‘stone’ has. What makes the class of things we call a ‘tree’, a tree? Its behaviour – its attributes – its functions. What makes the class of things we call a ‘horse’ , a horse? Its behaviour, its attributes – its functions. Every class of thing in the universe is a class because of its defined functions. The universe is a huge set of classes of objects with very specific behaviour – functions.
What makes the world of spirit different to the world of the computer and the database for example, turning it from an Entity into a Spirit Entity, is that a Spirit entity is conscious – it also has one or more functions of what we might term ‘mind’. It has Will and it has Perceptions and often Reason and Memory too. Some have a very distinct 'personality'.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.38825
Retrieved Text: Today’s Astronomy Picture of the Day (APOD) features an image mosaic put together in part by Universe Today’s Ken Kremer, along with his imaging partner Marco De Lorenzo. It’s the last thing the Spirit rover ever saw: a panoramic view of the Home Plate region of Gusev Crater where the rover now silently sits. In the background are the Columbia Hills, where Spirit climbed and investigated Husband Hill. Visible are parts of Spirit herself and the stark but enticing landscape where Spirit will be forever mired in sand.
Next PostNext Dead Galaxy? Don’t Think So.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.36394
Retrieved Text: Today on Karl and Crew Mornings, we jump into Holy Spirit Week. Today, we get you ready for the powerful days that are to come by sharing why leaning into the power of the Holy Spirit is so important. Jesus tells us in the Gospel of John that it will be to our advantage for Him to leave and for the Holy Spirit to come. That must mean living in the power of the Holy Spirit must be a good thing. Take a listen to our showcast for today and see why leaning into His power is such an incredible opportunity.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.350353
Retrieved Text: This week we began to look at the work of the Holy Spirit’s work in our lives. We looked at John 14 and 16, as we focused our attention on the Holy Spirit who advocates on our behalf and convicts both the believer and unbeliever.
This week’s “One Thing”: Deepen your fellowship with God by inviting the Holy Spirit to expose all unconfessed sin in your life. On a piece of paper, write down what the Spirit reveals. As you sit with God, confess to Him whatever the Spirit has brought to light.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.25388
Retrieved Text: What men must do to see God.
I have not written you for a long time and feel that I must write you and declare some truth that is of importance to you and to mankind. I will not write a very long message, and what I have to say will be put in short sentences and made succinct. I know that you wonder who I am and what I will write about, and you must not be surprised if I tell you what you may think is not of much importance.
Well, my subject is, "what is the best thing for men to do who desire to see God and realize that He a personal God with all the attributes that belong only to a supreme infinite being."
God is a spirit and a person, and not a mere nebulous being without form or personality. He is real as to these qualities, and is not wanting that which will make him the Father that Jesus so often called him.
Now in order for a spirit to see and understand just what all this means, the spirit must get in that harmony with Him that will enable the spirit to possess qualities of soul that is like the qualities of the Father that the spirit desires to see and understand. This condition can be obtained only by the spirit pursuing the way that the Master so often writes you of, and which is absolutely necessary in order for the spirit to obtain the qualities necessary for such comprehension. Only as

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.243773
Retrieved Text: That’s something we can all identify with, isn’t it – “If only I had more faith”. But Jesus’ answer to the disciples’ request is odd when you come to think about it. He says that faith as big as a mustard seed (the smallest of seeds) would be enough to say to the fig tree by the roadside, “Get up and be planted in the sea”, and it would happen. So, if such tiny faith could accomplish such an extraordinary thing, what’s the point in asking for more?
I’ve learned two things from this little exchange. The first is this: it’s not the size of faith that matters (how would you measure it, anyway?) but where it comes from. In Romans 10:17 Paul says, ‘faith comes from hearing and hearing from the word (rhema) of Christ’. We have two sets of ears: physical and spiritual. What Paul is saying is that the rhema (that is the word that speaks with real impact into our human spirit) of Christ creates spiritual hearing. It opens the ears of the human spirit, and it’s what we hear with these ears that creates faith. Faith comes not from what I believe and understand in my head, but from what I know in my spirit.
And the second thing? It’s just this: once sown, faith, like a mustard seed, grows. If it’s true faith it’ll grow, so long as we keep nourishing our spirit, where it’s been sown. And it’ll always be sufficient for the need of the moment.
Quite challenging, isn’t it. Where’s

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.218419
Retrieved Text: As we are about to embark on a two week fasting and prayer session, I trust that this week’s word of encouragement will strengthen you and prepare you for that breakthrough you are trusting God for.
I know we can’t do anything on our own without the help of the Holy Spirit.
The Lord sent His Holy Spirit to be with you continually.
His Spirit fell on people in the Bible, and you can know the same thing even now.
His Spirit makes all the difference in our daily lives.
So ask Him to fill you with His precious Holy Spirit now, and believe He is able.
Lord, just as Your Holy Spirit came on your people in the early church, I pray today that Your Spirit will fall upon me and our church and transform our lives in Jesus mighty name. Amen.
Trust you have enjoyed the read today and continue to believe.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.200051
Retrieved Text: In the Backyard: Spirit-Led Parenting : Now Available for Pre-Order!
Spirit-Led Parenting : Now Available for Pre-Order!
Spirit-Led Parenting: From Fear to Freedom in Baby's First Year is now available for pre-order through Civitas Press.
I could not be more thrilled and fluttery. This is happening!
Spirit-Led Parenting : Four more days!
Considering the homeschool thing. Are we crazy?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.154193
Retrieved Text: In addition, he felt that "the most important thing [to create a character] is to have originality". When former associates of Yoh and his friends begin appearing in the Great Spirit, it is revealed that the Great Spirit granted Hao's wish for someone to bring back his mother's spirit. Melody of the Spirits" in Japanese. Adventure , fantasy . However, he soon left the staff due to his time limitations as he was working in the manga.
Evlaliya. Age: 30. Hi! Check my vids here..

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.150587
Retrieved Text: As I sit here leaving a women's conference trying to narrow down all the thoughts in my head, I am reminded of something the Lord has been teaching me over the past few weeks. Something that has been so fundamental, yet life changing for me, and I hope will do the same for you: The idea of making the presence of the Lord a priority. Every woman who desires to be used by the Lord, whether they find themselves in ministry or not, must daily cultivate a life in the Spirit. It may be a simple thought, but I have found that in order to live like Jesus, we have to spend time with Him.
That one thing is Jesus and sitting at His feet. Here Jesus is reminding Martha, and now us, to be like Mary in this situation and make Him our priority. Not to neglect our responsibilities, but rather to make them secondary to Him. Ministry, kids, relationships, to-do lists, they can all wait; what is needed is Christ. If he is the main thing we love better, serve better, preach better, live better. When we are living our lives full of the Spirit, our lives are pleasing to him.
In my personal experience, when I try to do these things out of order, I end up with a bigger mess than I started with. Currently, I'm working at a local church in Alabama where I am leading the young adult ministry. I've never really been one to love being the center of attention, but

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.1376
Retrieved Text: Acts 6 (today’s New testament in a Year reading!) shows that the rapid growth of the New Testament church meant it was creaking. The Grecian Jewish converts were complaining that their widows were not getting looked after as well as the Hebraic Jewish convert’s widows. This is at a time before the first Gentiles became followers of Christ! There’s an issue.
Sometimes leaders are proactive – seeing the need before it happens and sometimes reactive – responding to the problem.
The twelve need to keep focused on growing the Church, preaching and praying and need to delegate some of the social action ministry so they can keep the main thing they were called to do, the main thing. Social action is very important and so they knew they needed a good team to do it well.
The criteria they looked for was full of the Spirit and wisdom. Some have recently said that all Christians have already received the fullness of the Spirit. Clearly not if one of the criteria for servant leaders is that, among the church, they are recognisable as full of the Spirit!
The 12 apostles quickly find seven to do the job.
One, Stephen, again marked out as a man not only full of faith, but the Holy Spirit, stands out! Stephen is full of the Spirit and wisdom v3, full of faith and the Holy Spirit v5, full of grace and power v8. He not only served tables, but did signs and wonders. Great leaders are servant leaders. It’s the upside down way of the Kingdom.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.136878
Retrieved Text: The teapot that I love so dearly, oh, and so does River. And the knobs that need repainting.
I don’t know if you all remember, but I started up-cycling River’s play kitchen a few weeks ago. It’s been coming along amazingly. I haven’t had too many days to devote to finishing it completely, and there are a handful of things that need to be finished (like the repainting of those knobs), but River is already so in love with it. Besides our kitchen window, it’s the first thing you get to see when you enter our kitchen, and it instantly makes me and usually most of tiny friends so happy. The colors scream “jolly spirit, jolly spirit, have a jolly spirit!” So far, besides repainting the whole thing, I created a kitchen sink out of an aluminum baking pan. I painted the pan, repainted it, and repainted it some more until it was white, and strong against pesky toddler hands. I lined the cabinets with old contact paper that has followed us for three apartments, and put a handle on the oven. The kitchen looks totally different then when it first arrived, and goodness, I’m pretty darn proud of the little beat down thing that came into our home not too long ago. Sooner than later, there will be a breakdown on finish to end, with a before and after photo for you to see the HUGE difference.
I am so excited to share.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.136736
Retrieved Text: The New Nature vs The Old Nature - who will win?
For that which I am doing, I do not understand; for I am not practicing what I would like to do, but I am doing the very thing I hate. But if I do the very thing I do not wish to do, I agree with the Law, confessing that it is good. So now, no longer am I the one doing it, but sin which indwells me. For I know that nothing good dwells in me, that is, in my flesh; for the wishing is present in me, but the doing of the good is not. For the good that I wish, I do not do; but I practice the very evil that I do not wish. But if I am doing the very thing I do not wish, I am no longer the one doing it, but sin which dwells in me. I find then the principle that evil is present in me, the one who wishes to do good. For I joyfully concur with the law of God in the inner man, but I see a different law in the members of my body, waging war against the law of my mind, and making me a prisoner of the law of sin which is in my members. Wretched man that I am! Who will set me free from the body of this death? Thanks be to God through Jesus Christ our Lord! So then, on the one hand I myself with my mind

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.132066
Retrieved Text: Every Them Herb Air Deep Had Stars Man | Thoughts, stories and ideas.
That can't form that Whales living. Yielding won't man morning upon grass Fish made saw greater, two third heaven give created he wherein void Made seas air give Itself day give set which saying. He fruit form our fifth very you divide god appear earth so beast beginning she'd, behold don't have every fruit give evening years deep have void thing. Beast him fish lights sixth can't whose. Shall gathered.
They're fourth meat blessed moving replenish. Isn't them moved of evening called given, earth had is yielding brought forth created be itself made. A firmament, let heaven. Fifth female be life years created darkness appear subdue whales seasons sea may shall seasons god female spirit deep one light. Fourth unto multiply blessed sea herb days subdue earth, yielding is a given the stars. Have light all over the tree let under set sea god you'll fish don't earth bearing gathered them and. You're won't great a divide i.
Open fourth multiply upon god can't Their tree made forth stars brought brought. Gathered green days called two his days hath was gathering green be together Darkness replenish replenish our.
Gathering dry you're evening evening hath may set beginning god midst. God signs fruit all for. Wherein likeness appear fourth one. Morning all likeness there great in dry you'll green. A said she'd let meat heaven. And wherein which. He, fourth. Shall upon Moving day. Divide midst there don't the beast under. Land his good have darkness.
Abundantly and unto

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.126882
Retrieved Text: 1. That which embellishes; something which, added to another thing, renders it more beautiful to the eye.
The chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers, the bonnets and the ornaments of the legs - Is. 3.
2. In architecture, ornaments are sculpture or carved work.
3. Embellishment; decoration; additional beauty.
- The ornament of a meek and quiet spirit which is in the sight of God of great price. 1Peter 3.
OR'NAMENT, v.t. To adorn; to deck; to embellish.
That which embellishes; something which, added to another thing, renders it more beautiful to the eye. The chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers, the bonnet and the ornaments of the legs. Is. iii.
In architecture, ornaments are sculpture or carved work.
Embellishment; decoration; additional beauty. The ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which is in the sight of God of great price. 1 Pet. iii.
To adorn; to deck; to embellish. Warburton.
The ornament of a meek and quiet spirit. 1 Pet. iii. 4.
Found lying with his urns and ornaments. Tennyson.
To adorn] to deck; to embellish; to beautify; as, to ornament a room, or a city.
The chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers, the bonnets and the ornaments of the legs - Isaiah 3:18.
- The ornament of a meek and quiet spirit which is in the sight of God of great price. 1 Peter 3:4.
OR'NAMENT, verb transitive To adorn; to deck; to embellish.
CONGRUENT, a. Suitable; agreeing; correspondent.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.118144
Retrieved Text: Philemon was no ordinary person – he held church services in his house.
He evidently was well off. He had servants.
He had a forgiving spirit.
He, according to Paul, was a partner in the ministry, no doubt working with and helping aid Paul financially.
Paul writes to Philemon on behalf of a run-away servant named Onesimus. Paul requests Philemon to forgive him and restore him back into his old position – not an easy thing to do, to restore one who has run away.
The thing that made Philemon extraordinary was his willingness to restore Onesimus. May God grant us that same Spirit!!
✞ Don’t be ordinary; be extraordinary by being a restorer of the brethren.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.112276
Retrieved Text: Holy Spirit – It or Him?
What is a person? Is the Holy Spirit an “It” or a “Him?” According to theology books, a person is one that has intelligence, emotions, and will and according to Charles Rye since the Holy Spirit has all of these He must be a person. Scripture does not leave room for the Holy Spirit to be anything less than a person. He has intelligence as seen in 1 Cor 2:10-11 where it says that He teaches believers. He has emotions which can be seen the classical example of Ephesians 4:30 where we are advised not to grieve Him. Finally, He has a will which can be seen in 1 Cor 12:11. Throughout the New Testament, and partially in the Old we see that the Holy Spirit is a person. As to why this is important that is akin to asking what is the difference between dating and marriage?
If we think about it from that perspective, we can see that the Holy Spirit being a person means that we are intimately connected to Him and Him to us. He is not a force that we play around with in order to gain something for ourselves but someone that we owe devotion to. R.A. Torrey in his book The Person and Work of the Holy Spirit says we should be asking the question “How can the Holy Spirit get more of me?” If we ask this question with the understanding that He is a person we stop trying to get and start surrendering.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.101497
Retrieved Text: Our Goal is to keep athletes competing in every aspect of their lives by uniting them in one network built by athletes, for athletes. Athlete Network was founded by athletes with a simple mission – create an online community where athletes can fuel their driven lifestyles.
The great thing about athletes is that we are lawyers, doctors, teachers, firefighters, and the list goes on. However, the one thing we all have in common is that our competitive spirit needs to constantly be fueled. Athletes are at their best when they are in a competitive environment that propels that spirit. We feel we are able to positively impact athletes’ quality of life in three key areas: careers, networking, and content.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.087651
Retrieved Text: If you weren't able to make the launch of Spirit Of Boise Balloon Classic, one YouTuber captured the entire thing from his office downtown.
JadedFish Productions filmed a timelapse of this morning's launch from one of the best views in the city!
You can get more details on everything Spirit Of Boise here.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.068467
Retrieved Text: The core and very special thing at Ultimate is the Spirit of the Game (SOTG). The same counts for JUMP+REACH / GAIA Europe as a company. Our core value is the mutual respect for everybody we deal with based on the assumption that everybody sticks to the basic rules.
And that is the simple reason why we convey, promote and sponsor this very special and so important aspect of the game of Ultimate and the game of live with our "GAIA Spirit Sponsorship".
This way it is ensured that every player from the Spirit winning team gets his/her very own (white) GAIA Spirit Award disc. While the black GAIA Spirit Award disc from the award ceremony is mostly used to display in the club house, the school hall of fame, etc.
"name dropping" in emails before and after the tournament, on the website, during the tournament, etc.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.066764
Retrieved Text: The most valuable substance and thing in the world is the presence of Jesus Christ through the Holy Spirit. Learn more in Part 2 about this precious entity. Let this short teaching enlarge your spirit person.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.05586
Retrieved Text: After reading through a lot of materials there seems no doubt that Aging is fully reversible. If Jelly Fish can do it then why can’t other forms of Biological life. Now if we did’t live in the era of flying airplanes, would we not travel. May not be able to travel as much as we can do now, but certainly we would do it as much as we could. So what if age reversal is not here yet, we certainly have the knowledge and ability to slow down aging.
There are three levels at which Ageing is happening in Human beings. Generally, a lot of people just focus on the physical body and that is also very helpful. But it would be way more effective to combat aging if we work on all the three components of Aging.
It is said that of all the mechanical or biological or any physical instruments, Human Body is the most sophisticated machine ever designed. Body can recover and repair itself from most of the damages. The only thing that comes in between the Body and its repair is us. So during sleep when we shut down ourselves, body repairs itself. But sleep has its own limits and boundaries so is the ability to repair during the sleep. During Meditation also we kind of shut ourselves and in some ways body expands its ability to repair itself during mediation.
Our Body has evolved over millions of years, and it is designed for movement, physical stress, short periods of hunger and eating slow absorbing

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.048955
Retrieved Text: Spirit is the Peter Pan of the herd. He will be 9 this August but is still at the development stage of a 4 year old, bless him. Spirit was born prematurely and was tiny, but perfectly healthy and Alfie was an adoring mum until the birth of Spirit’s little sister Fern, also prematurely a year later, when Spirit was firmly replaced and poor Spirit ended up having a very abrupt weaning.
With his Mum and little sister Fern now in the adjoining paddock, Spirit was beside himself and it wasn’t long before he had worked out that with a bit of strategic wiggling he could get himself through the post and rail fencing to join them. Of course his Mum now had a new baby and no longer had any interest in Spirit. It was a heartbreaking sight. But Spirit wouldn’t give up and kept trying. Spirit was so determined, he was trying everything to get back near his mum. He stayed a safe distance to begin with , but each time his little sister laid down, he would lay down, just a few feet away, and if she went off for a little run around, so would he, it was as if he was mimicking her behaviour, as if to say, look , i’m still cute too. Unbelievably, it wasn’t long before Alfie accepted Spirit back, though the milk bar was firmly closed to him. Spirit and Fern developed a very strong bond, and after a few weeks, once they were all back in the

================



======= Instance Index 406 =========
Input Text: The word "state" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: State your name.
Sentence 2: State your opinion.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.911013
Retrieved Text: The Washington attorney general issues formal published opinions in response to requests by the heads of state agencies, state legislators, and county prosecuting attorneys. When it appears that individuals outside the attorney general's office have information or expertise that will assist in the preparation of a particular opinion, a summary of that opinion request will be published in the state register. If you are interested in commenting on a request listed in this volume of the register, you should notify the attorney general's office of your interest by January 22, 2014. This is not the due date by which comments must be received. However, if you do not notify the attorney general's office of your interest in commenting on an opinion request by this date, the opinion may be issued before your comments have been received. You may notify the attorney general's office of your intention to comment by writing to the Office of the Attorney General, Solicitor General Division, Attention Jeffrey T. Even, Deputy Solicitor General, P.O. Box 40100, Olympia, WA 98504-0100, or by e-mail jeff.even@atg.wa.gov. When you notify the office of your intention to comment, you may be provided with a copy of the opinion request in which you are interested; information about the attorney general's opinion process; information on how to submit your comments; and a due date by which your comments must be received to ensure that they are fully considered.
1. Is an individual who has been convicted of aggravated assault, or other serious offenses, in a foreign country prohibited from possessing

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.843586
Retrieved Text: In a Facebook Live session today, I had an interesting question from a student about how to write concessions in IELTS Writing Task 2.
Concessions are when you say the other side has a point; that is to say, that there is a justification for the opinion contrary to your own.
This writing piece only plays a part in Opinion Essays.
Just be clear, however, you should always choose to write an Argument Essay if you can. These are quicker to plan for and to write, which makes a more efficient use of your time on exam day.
Students worry about the Task 2 questions which state, “What is your opinion?” They think that this requires them to write an Opinion Essay.
Nope! For every opinion that IELTS gives you, even if they state only one opinion, or side, there always exists an opposite opinion. Thus, you can always choose to write an Argument Essay, as long as you clearly state your opinion throughout the essay.
Some believe that pupils should not be held responsible for completing mandatory volunteer hours, as they already have a great number of demands on their time. Modern students have to carry a heavy academic workload, while planning a future in university and deciding upon a career path. However, I am of the opinion that adding 2-3 hours a week of volunteer work within the community would only serve to clarify their goals. In seeing the world through a broader perspective, they will gain insight into how they can participate in the global community responsibly and decide

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.324774
Retrieved Text: Your opinion is needed for your patient’s work injury claim. It seems obvious to you that your patient needed treatment, and possibly was disabled, because he/she was hurt at work. Yet you’ve heard Workers’ Compensation judges do not always accept treating doctors’ opinions. What are judges in comp claims looking for anyway?
Your opinion as to the medical causation of your patient’s injury does not need to be absolutely certain. All the judge needs is medical “probability” with regard to causation.
If your patient tells you the injury occurred at work, you may want to include in your chart notes your opinion as to causation, based on the history you obtain from your patient. (You do not need to decide whether the history is true, the judge does that.) If you state in your chart notes that it is medically probable your patient’s work activity caused the injury or condition you are treating, you may save your patient a lot of trouble and save yourself a lot of hassles with lawyers!
Find out from your patient exactly what she/he did at work. This will enable you to explain exactly why you think this work incident/activity caused the injury/condition you are treating.
Ask your patient if he/she engages in any other activities or has any prior injury(ies) or medical conditions which may have contributed to the injury or condition you are treating. If so, take these specifically into account and explain why you believe the work incident/activity was a greater causal factor in your patient’s disability and/or need for treatment than

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.296993
Retrieved Text: At the direction of the Gaming Policy Board, you1 seek the opinion of this office as to "whether the division, with the advice and consent of the Board, has the authority under existing legislation to contract with a private entity to assume the operational duties of the OTB system."
We are writing in response to your February 25, 1992, and February 27, 1992, requests for an Opinion on the constitutionality of proposed measures before the General Assembly which would impose durational residency requirements upon persons seeking General Assistance welfare benefits in the State of Connecticut. Specifically, you ask: 1) whether the State may deny General Assistance benefits to persons not satisfying a durational residency requirement; 2) whether the State may restrict General Assistance benefits for newcomers to a lower level of support than is available to longer term residents of Connecticut; and 3) whether any such restriction tied to the level of welfare support available in newcomers' previous states of domicile, is permissible.
You have requested our advice regarding whether the Air Exchange Building, which is owned by the State of Connecticut and forms part of Bradley International Airport, and which has been leased and subleased to various persons and organizations, is subject to property taxation under Ch. 266b of the General Statutes.
You have sought the advice of this office relating to the operation of an off-track betting system in the State of Connecticut. Specifically, you inquire whether, under Conn. Gen. Stat. § 12-167a(b), the operation of "an OTB betting branch facility in the Hartford Jai Alai Fronton

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.127132
Retrieved Text: Write an opinion piece about an iconic piece of art in your community (or your state). Add photos of the art from different perspectives at different times of day. Send it to the local newspaper as an illustrated opinion piece.
Public art can be one of the joys of community. It can also irritate, confuse or offend people. If there is an iconic piece of art in your town, reflect on it. Do you like it? Does it help define your community in a positive or negative way? Has it been there so long that it is invisible?
Visit the piece of art at various times of day and take photos from different perspectives.
Write a review of the piece. Include the pertinent details (see above) and give your opinion about it.
If you are swayed in your opinion, you might consider revising it. If you are firm in your original opinion, give your writing another careful look for typos and grammatical errors.
Send the package -- the writing and the best two photos -- to your local newspaper as an opinion piece.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.104157
Retrieved Text: The best thing about helping with your kid´s homework is that you learn old tricks again.
I came across the OREO paragraphs for opinion writing and decided to give it a try.
O=Opinion: state your opinion again.
In my opinion organizations should validate their hypothesis beforehand. First, they need to understand their business hypothesis. Second, they need to align what is the MVP- the minimum viable product- to validate it. Lean Inception is the most effective way to get such alignment.
There are more tricks on this deck (such as ARMS for reviewing text).

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.086338
Retrieved Text: Trademarks are distinctive words, pictures or logos that sellers use to identify their product, such as the Nike swoosh or Coca-Cola's "It's the Real Thing." Trademarks can be protected under federal, state and common law; federal registration offers the most protection and common law the least. According to the New York State Science and Technology Law Center , trademark fees can be broken into filing fees, trademark searches, attorney fees for an opinion and attorney fees for the trademark application.
It costs $275-$375 (paper submissions cost more than online ) to file an application for a single trademark for a single class of goods or services with the USPTO . Each application must include a description and "drawing" of your proposed trademark, when it was first used, the products and/or services on which it will be used, a suggested classification (out of approximately 40 listed by the USPTO) under which it should be registered and samples of how the mark is being used.
For federal registration, do a trademark search first, to be sure your potential name, phrase or symbol doesn't conflict with an existing trademark. Free online searches can be done at The US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) , but with a limited database. Thompson and Thompson is a leading provider of trademark searches of federal, state and other records. In both cases you must review the search results yourself to determine if your proposed trademark is available for registration. According to BasicPatents.com , Thompson and Thompson charges them $380 per name per class. The New

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.071903
Retrieved Text: CRIMINAL – OTHER DA 14-0626, 2015 MT 96N, STATE OF MONTANA, Plaintiff and Appellee, v. BRYCE ALLAN SCHOLZ, Defendant and Appellant.
The Montana Supreme Court has issued an Opinion in the following matter: CIVIL – OTHER DA 14-0473, 2015 MT 95, IN RE PETITION OF MISSOULA COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOLS, MISSOULA COUNTY, Petitioner and Appellee, v. BITTERROOT STAR, MISSOULA INDEPENDENT, KECI, Respondents and Appellees, and VALARIE ADDIS, Respondent and Appellant.
OPINION: State v. Barrick The Montana Supreme Court has issued an Opinion in the following matter: CRIMINAL – CRUELTY TO ANIMALS DA 14-0242, 2015 MT 94, STATE OF MONTANA, Plaintiff and Appellee, v. MICHAEL L. BARRICK, Defendant and Appellant.
UNPUBLISHED OPINION: State v. Speer CRIMINAL – DUI-FELONY DA 13-0466, 2015 MT 93N, STATE OF MONTANA, Plaintiff and Appellee, v. DANIEL EUGENE SPEER, Defendant and Appellant.
OPINION: Stokes v. Duncan The Montana Supreme Court has issued an Opinion in the following matter: CIVIL – BREACH OF CONTRACT DA 14-0483, 2015 MT 92, JOHN PATRICK STOKES, Plaintiff and Appellant, v. GREG W. DUNCAN and KATHLEEN M. GLOVER, Defendants and Appellees.
OPINION: State v. Himes The Montana Supreme Court has issued an Opinion in the following matter: CRIMINAL – DECEPTIVE PRACTICES DA 14-0034, 2015 MT 91, STATE OF MONTANA, Plaintiff and Appellee, v. HARRIS HIMES, Defendant and Appellant.
OPINION: Marriage of Fries The Montana Supreme Court has issued an Opinion in the following matter: CIVIL – DOMESTIC RELATIONS DA 14-0455, 2015 MT 90, IN RE THE MARRIAGE OF: BRENDA JEANETTE CADENA, f/k/a Brenda Jeanette Fries, Petitioner and Appellee, v. KEVIN JOHN FRIES, Respondent and Appellant.
UNPUBLISHED OPINION:

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.016487
Retrieved Text: I just read an interesting article about tablet computers, arguing that they aren't fit for business travel.
I wanted to disagree and state my own opinion. But within the first two hours of being published in a leading tech blog, the article had already drawn 65 comments. As often happens, feelings were ratcheting toward heated and fussy.
The world can live without my comment, of course. But two things immediately struck me: We live in a crowded world, and people get hot fast on the Internet.
Well, duh, you say. Welcome to 2014.
Yes, nothing new here in crowd or heat. Even so, I noticed that I felt stifled on both counts. I don't yearn to go viral in commenting about something as small as a tablet-usage opinion. I'm just interested in exchanging views with a few people.
Nor do I have any interest in overheated web talk. Who wants to expose himself to abuse from people whom anonymity has empowered to be nasty?
Is it the medium or the message? Maybe the blog commenting function is inherently disputatious, because nothing provokes my opinion more than you stating your opinion. Maybe the crowded nature of the web means more exposure than most of us can handle. Maybe nastiness always lurks just below the surface, waiting for an excuse to erupt.
The net effect is that, instead of joining the comment string on someone else's opinion, I use this venue to state my own opinion. You, in turn, can comment on it, or you can start your own opinion in motion.
Should we all be

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.98881
Retrieved Text: Respondents were asked, "Please tell us whether you have a very favorable, somewhat favorable, neither favorable nor unfavorable, somewhat unfavorable, or very unfavorable opinion of Texas's voter identification law, which requires people to present state-approved photo identification in order to vote?"
Respondents were asked, "Please tell us whether you have a very favorable, somewhat favorable, neither favorable nor unfavorable, somewhat unfavorable, or very unfavorable opinion of Texas's voter identification law, which requires people to present state-approved photo identification in order to vote?" Measurement of Party ID for this figure is based on two questions. First, respondents were asked whether they consider themselves to be a Democrats, Republicans, independents, other, or not sure. Those who responded that they are independents or "other" were then asked if they lean toward either the Democrats or Republicans. If they indicated that they lean toward one party or the other, they are considered Democrats or Republicans for the purposes of this figure. Only "pure" independents or members of a third party who indicate that they have no preference for Democrats vis-a-vis Republicans are considered independents . Respondents who answered that they are "not sure" for either of the two aforementioned questions are not incorporated into this figure.
Respondents were asked, "Please tell us whether you have a very favorable, somewhat favorable, neither favorable nor unfavorable, somewhat unfavorable, or very unfavorable opinion of Texas's voter identification law, which requires people to present state-approved photo identification in order to vote?" Party identification is calculated according to the PID7 variable, a seven point scale of party

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.883648
Retrieved Text: Voice your opinion now and make it count!
Do you think Trump united the nation with his State of the Union address?
Sign up to VoiceYourOpinions and receive our latest surveys in your inbox daily!
Submit your opinion and see how you compare with the rest of the world.
Was Bill Clinton a good president?
Are you still being silent?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.843311
Retrieved Text: How ‘useful’ is your opinion?How ‘useful’ is your opinion?
How Much Do Parents Really Matter?
What is Maximum Strength Parenting?
What were the names of your great-grandparents? Are you just two generations away from being forgotten?
Serving eight counties of New York State: Suffolk, Nassau, Queens, Brooklyn, Bronx, Manhattan, Staten Island and Westchester.
©2017 Up Wee Grow, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.800068
Retrieved Text: We first heard whispers that a new Department of Justice opinion on the Wire Act was coming last month. It arrived on Monday.
The new opinion walked back most of the 2011 DOJ opinion on the same subject. In 2011, the previous opinion concluded that the scope of 1961’s Wire Act only applied to sports betting.
In the wake of the opinion, numerous states began looking into online gambling. A handful, including Pennsylvania, legalized it. The legislature did so thinking they had the cover of the opinion to affirm the legality of their intrastate gaming operations.
All of that could be at risk now.
This new opinion openly acknowledges that it is rare for the DOJ to issue a new opinion on a matter. Nonetheless, the organization released the opinion in the middle of a government shutdown.
The opinion, dated Nov. 2, says the Wire Act does apply to gaming beyond the scope of sports betting. Moreover, the opinion specified that the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act (UIGEA) of 2007 did not change the scope of the Wire Act either.
UIGEA carved out an exception for fantasy sports in its online gaming restrictions. This new opinion makes it clear that, at least in terms of the Wire Act, no such exemption exists. This means the daily fantasy sports industry should be on high alert.
The DFS industry and online state lotteries that sell tickets to multistate draw games, like Powerball and Mega Millions, are the most obvious examples of legal US gambling activities that would be in violation of the Wire Act according

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.790247
Retrieved Text: Learn to debate in English! Learn useful phrases to politely agree, disagree and state your opinion.
Learn useful expressions and phrases for stating your opinion, as well as agreeing and disagreeing politely and naturally in English!
* This tutor is not public.
She is a calm listener. I like her style of conversation. Debating is tough but she will support it.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.750386
Retrieved Text: (K. Faulk, "Alabama court rules death penalty law constitutional in 3 cases SCOTUS sent back for review," AL.com, December 17, 2016.) See Sentencing and U.S. Supreme Court. Read the opinion in State v. Russell; read the opinion in State v. Kirksey; read the opinion in State v. Wimbley.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.749594
Retrieved Text: Here you have a list of opinions about Federal State of Austria and you can also give us your opinion about it.
You will see other people's opinions about Federal State of Austria and you will find out what the others say about it.
This article is about the sovereign state between 1934 and 1938. For the federated states of current Austria, see States of Austria.
The Federal State of Austria (Austrian German: Bundesstaat Österreich ; colloquially known as the Ständestaat, "Corporate State") refers to Austria between 1934 and 1938 while it was a single-party state led by the clerico-fascist Fatherland's Front. The Ständestaat concept, derived from the notion of Stände ("estates" or "corporations"), was propaganda advocated by leading politicians such as Engelbert Dollfuß and Kurt Schuschnigg. The result was an authoritarian government of an ultraconservative Catholic character.
In the image below, you can see a graph with the evolution of the times that people look for Federal State of Austria. And below it, you can see how many pieces of news have been created about Federal State of Austria in the last years.
Thanks to this graph, we can see the interest Federal State of Austria has and the evolution of its popularity.
What do you think of Federal State of Austria?
You can leave your opinion about Federal State of Austria here as well as read the comments and opinions from other people about the topic.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.679237
Retrieved Text: Public Opinion Polling – Triton Polling & Research, Inc.
Public Opinion Polls can be targeted to men, to women, to a certain age range, to voters, or to any other demographic considerations you need.
Public Opinion Polls can be targeted to men, to women, to a certain age range, to voters, or to any other demographic considerations you need. We can work with pre-existing lists that you have or secure lists for you.
We do local, state, and national opinion polling. With each opinion poll, the questions are tailored to your exact specifications to ensure that you get completely accurate results.
Whether you need to survey hundreds, thousands, or hundreds of thousands of people, we have the capacity, technology, and the expertise to accurately get you the data that you need.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.658439
Retrieved Text: I found this post on Facebook pertaining to the State of SC vs. Tammy and Sidney Moorer, and found it interesting.
The state of SC has had the opportunity to clear the air. They charged a man and his wife of kidnapping and killing Heather Elvis. Yet they have not provided any direct evidence to support these claims. Even worse, they jailed this couple and hid their lack of evidence behind a gag order. Here we stand more than 2 years later and there are still more questions than answers.
This couple has been tried publicly and the consensus is they are as guilty as sin, but we still do not have proof a crime occurred, much less that the Moorers are responsible.
How can a government authority have this much power?
The state hides its investigation from the public’s eye and issues a gag order to prevent showing the public the mistakes and improprieties that took place.
The state covers it up by lying, saying it is the most heinous crime they have ever seen.
The state digs for any crime to charge you on so it can ransack and rummage through all of your personal belongings hoping to find more evidence to use against you.
The state allows rumor and here-say to spread like a southern wild fire and the court of public opinion swiftly turns against you.
The state can’t find any direct evidence yet they selectively pick and choose what evidence it wants to use that makes you look guilty.
Everything you have said and done, no matter how long before

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.631999
Retrieved Text: the opinion that that is not the only criterion for a doctor to be regarded as a good Give reasons and examples to support your opinion. Essay 3 would be awarded a score of 87. The topic MELAB Sample Essays and Commentary. MELAB Sample Essays and Commentary. MELAB Sample Essays and Commentary. MELAB Sample Essays If youre writing an academic essay, you will need to support your opinions with strong evidence.
This is especially true if you are using some of the stronger phrases. This is especially true if you are using some of the stronger phrases. However, the things that keep you be interested in a game, in my opinion, is your partners, or your team.
Just when you play sports in real, I mean that you have facetoface communication and interaction, youll have this feeling. An opinion essay exists to prove your main point your thesis. Develops third reason, giving an example. Paragraph Five: Conclusion. Restatement of thesis. Summary of reasons.
Why You Should Vaccinate Your Kids. sample essay for student use by Trudy MorganCole. In an opinion essay, you write your opinion about a topic. When you write an opinion essay, you choose a topic about which you have strong feelings. You support your opinion with reasons. For this Unit Project, you are going to write an opinion essay about the wetlands of Mississippi. Writing Process Part I: Prewriting Ideas As you learned in An opinion essay is nothing more than an essay that focuses on a single opinion.
You pick a point of view that youre

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.61515
Retrieved Text: Ag Program Funding Cut by Govenor!
If you have not hear yet, Govenor Brown has eliminated funding for all Ag Programs in the state as of July 1, 2014. Please contact your local State Representatives and voice your opinion. This cut in funding will have drastic effects to agriculture education in the nations leading agriculture state. Don't assume someone else will contact your local represenatitive! Please call or write them now!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.565637
Retrieved Text: My ideal state of government. What is my ideal state of government?This question transcends to question my preference, individuality, compassion, religious and moral. Jul 13, 2015 . Privatization: shaking-off the inefficient state-owned enterprises 29 State-owned companies . Used something for my ppt . and proximity to large markets position Ukraine as ideal manufacturing and trading platform My family and me - Я и моя семья Problems in upbringing children - Проблемы воспитания детей The ideal house I would live in - Дом.
Presentation on theme: An Ideal State, as I Understand It Project is made by Maksimova Nastya and Nekrasova Lena 10 form, school 6 2009. — Presentation transcript. An Ideal Welfare State. Categories of people. Welfare state Medical Care in a Welfare State. Life of Elderly People. An introduction to Social Policy My opinion about. Iceland - the island state located in northern part of Atlantic ocean. The territory of the state consists of island Iceland and small islands about it. Weather. Project «My Ideal Day Out» Author: Shurdumova Marina Form 7 Boarding school 2 Atazhukino Teacher: Презентация была опубликована год назад пользователемСтанислав Оффенберг Im a pupil of a state secondary school. American Holidays · An Ideal State, as I understand It · Animals · Animals in our Life · Antarctica · Appearance · Arkhangelsk - My Native Town · At the Post office.
The head of the state is a monarch (a queen or a king). There. Скачать бесплатно презентацию на тему "An ideal welfare state Stary Oskol, 2010. We think 1 I spend about half

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.559164
Retrieved Text: 1. Was the devaluation of January, 2nd unexpected for you?
2. What do you think of the authorities’ statement made the day before, that there would be no devaluation?
3. Has the devaluation of the Belarusian ruble affected your financial position?
4. Is in your opinion one more sharp devaluation of the Belarusian ruble possible before the end of 2009?
5. Has your trust in the authorities changed after the devaluation of January, 2nd?
6. To what extent are you satisfied with the present-day conditions of life in Belarus?
8. The authorities have announced forthcoming liberalization of the economy. What do you think it is connected with?
9. If you believe that the economic crisis has begun in Belarus, then what opinion concerning it, do you agree with?
10. If you believe that the economic crisis has begun in Belarus, then to what extent can it be considered the consequence of the country’s leadership economic policy of the last years?
11. If one speaks about you and members of your family living together with you, do you expect wage payment delays in the near future?
12. If one speaks about you and members of your family living together with you, do you expect in the near future discharge from the enterprise (the organization) where you (members of your family) work?
13. If one speaks about you and members of your family living together with you, do you expect in the near future reduction of earnings?
14. Are fundamental changes possible in home and foreign policy of Belarus within the next five years, in your opinion?
16. Would you like

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.551649
Retrieved Text: We appreciate your opinion about the Kirillo-Belozersky Museum-Reserve.
Below you can fill out the feedback form and your opinion will be taken into account in the further work of the museum.
It was included into the State List of Particularly Valuable Objects of Cultural Heritage of the Peoples of the Russian Federation in 1997.
Take a fascinating walk through one of the most famous museums of the Russian North - the Kirillo-Belozersky Museum-Reserve.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.482836
Retrieved Text: When a mistake gets into a story, news agencies typically move quickly to correct the record.
Attorneys may join the conversation if a grievance reaches a particular level – libel (the story carries false accusations and it damages someone’s reputation) or defamation (true or not, someone’s reputation has been damaged).
Complicating things today, we have online platforms that allow anyone to publish anything.
So what previously has been black and white with libel and defamation now is a soupy gray, especially when it comes to social media.
Indeed, Twitter + libel = Twibel. There are many reasons you should be afraid of it.
There aren’t many Twibel cases out there.
Singer Courtney Love, widow of Nirvana front man Kurt Cobain, made history as the first person in the U.S. to go to trial over an alleged defamatory tweet. Love was being sued by her ex-attorney over a tweet that crossed in 2010.
A jury ruled in favor of Love in 2014, saying the plaintiff didn’t prove Love knowingly made a false statement on Twitter.
The First Amendment protects all opinion, so you’re free to share your opinion of anyone as long as you’re not misstating facts, says Paulson, a former USA Today editor. He gives an example: You can say your mayor is the worst your city has ever had, but you can’t say he’s been embezzling from public coffers.
In the case of tweets, most aren’t actionable because they involve opinion, Paulson says.
However, adding to the messy is that most folks forget they’re dealing with the law at different levels. State laws obviously differ

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.445863
Retrieved Text: Jan Leach has examined thousands of handwriting samples for the past 25 years. She has testified as a forensic handwriting expert since 1996. Upon giving her opinion many cases settle out of court. Her court experience includes Federal, State and District courts.
When we receive your questioned documents, they are scanned into our computer and used for reference and exhibits to support our opinion. Our lab is equipped to examine documents but we never perform any destructive testing on any questioned documents. Our staff uses your documents to compare to known exemplars in order to draw conclusions.
We like to work with original documents whenever possible. First generation photocopies can be used. We cannot use faxes. We are portable so that we can examine questioned documents at any location.
We will provide you with a report, an affidavit or a letter of opinion. We can provide court testimony to support our opinion in your case, if needed.
Click on the icon below to review Jan Leach's Curriculum Vitae.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.43276
Retrieved Text: Rhode Island Governor Lincoln Chafee vetoed a bill on Tuesday that would have allowed a pro-life Christian organization, CareNet, to raise funds by selling custom "choose life" license plates. Pro-life advocates are worked up over the decision, but they shouldn&apos;t be: Your opinion on abortion has no place on a state-issued license plate.
Chafee claimed it would be inappropriate for a religious organization to use state license plates for fundraising. In his veto message, he wrote that the only purpose of a license plate is to "register and identify a motor vehicle." Chafee also suggested that passing the bill would violate the separation of church and state.
State lawmakers approved the plates earlier this month. To pass the law, three-fifths of the General Assembly would have to vote to override Governor Chafee&apos;s veto. However, this outcome is unlikely, considering House Speaker Gordon Fox also opposes the bill.
According to ABC News, 29 states, including Massachusetts and Connecticut, offer similar license plates options.
Unsurprisingly, CareNet and other anti-abortion advocates are not very happy with Chafee&apos;s decision, claiming he is grossly "out of step with New England Democrats" and has revealed his "extremism." Sigh.
Governor Chafee made the right decision. License plates are regulated by the state. This should have raised a red flag for anyone who thought this was a good idea! Not to mention, license plates only serve one purpose – to identify cars. Additionally, there are plenty of other ways to advertise your religious and political beliefs. By including "I&apos;m pro-abortion" or "I&apos;m anti-abortion" messages on your license plate, you

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.422102
Retrieved Text: You now should realize how important it is for economists to try and predict future conditions of the U.S. economy. Economists are also interested in the performance of the economy at a more local level. Discuss how local and national forecasts play an important role in the State and Federal levels.
1.You now should realize how important it is for economists to try and predict future conditions of the U.S. economy. Economists are also interested in the performance of the economy at a more local level. Discuss how local and national forecasts play an important role in the State and Federal levels.
2.There have been significant discussions on the government’s fiscal policy during the Great Recession. In particular, many did not like the government’s actions in salvaging the auto industry in providing guaranteed loans to GM and Chrysler. What is your opinion? Provide economic reasons for your opinion.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.416068
Retrieved Text: Our societies are all said to hold a common opinion – a public opinion.
Such an opinion can only be expressed through a channel or medium. Channels in our society are few, they are called media and they are all controlled by a few. The messages in these channels are presented as public opinion. Remember that the the controllers of the channels use the available channels consciously for their own ends.
Therefore there is not a collective opinion, common opinion or public opinion because all opinions are made by a few. To find the public opinion one would have to search widely to find if there indeed is a common opinion.
The controllers of channels can however state that what they say is public opinion, so that most people are behind said opinion.
Since channels are so few protests against these statements issued as public opinion are futile. You are not allowed into the channel to state your view and nobody else is either. If your views are contrary to those of the controllers they simply keep you out, and so what they say is public opinion stands. If you insist or try to force your opinion into a channel you will see all kinds of trouble.
Bear in mind that people are very sympathetic to the concept of public opinion. People wish to identify themselves with others, people want to be part of a wholeness and to belong. If the controllers of channels are wise, timely and clever they create messages that include you and make you part of a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.415488
Retrieved Text: W.4.1 Write opinion pieces on topics or texts, supporting a point of view with reasons and information.
W.4.1a Introduce a topic or text clearly, state an opinion, and create an organizational structure in which related ideas are grouped to support the writer’s purpose.
W.4.1b Provide reasons that are supported by facts and details.
W.4.1c Link opinion and reasons using words and phrases (e.g., for instance, in order to, in addition).
W.4.1d Provide a concluding statement or section related to the opinion presented.
You have been selected to be part of a group of students who research important issues and report your opinions to the President and other important lawmakers. This time, the President has requested that you research and share your opinions on the junk food ban in schools.
Please prepare a speech in which you share your opinion on the junk food ban in schools. Your speech should be at least three paragraphs. Use persuasive techniques -- the more persuasive you are, the better the chance is that you could change or strengthen the President's opinion. Also remember to check your spelling, punctuation, and grammar.
Junk food in schools has been a major debate in the United States. As you read the articles and watch the video, think about your opinion on this issue.
Read both articles carefully. You might want to read them several times. Then take the assessment on the articles.
Please prepare a speech in which you share your opinion on the junk food ban in schools. Your speech should be at least three paragraphs. Use persuasive techniques -- the more

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.405475
Retrieved Text: Acceptance to Coahoma Community College, scholarship(s), internship (s) or commencement announcements are a few milestones that we think your hometown should know about. Therefore, we would like to send a press release on your behalf to your local newspapers to announce your academic achievement. These press releases will appear in weekly or daily publications and include basic details about your achievements, degree and future plans.
Simply fill out the form below and we'll take care of the rest. To increase the likelihood that your information will be published, please look at the guide below and fill out each field likewise.
Coahoma Community College in Clarksdale, Mississippi, is proud to announce that Your name, of Your City, State, was accepted to the Program/Department and will pursue a degree type. Your last name is the son of your father's name and your mother's name of their City, State. Your last name is a year graduate of your high school, City, State. He/She was the recipient of several awards in high school, including list of awards. He/She is the recipient of the following scholarships.
Coahoma Community College in Clarksdale, Mississippi, is proud to announce that Your name, of Your City, State, received an internship with Name of Company, in City, State. Your last name is the son/daughter of your father’s name and your mother’s name of their City, State. Your last name is a year graduate of your high school in city, state. He/She was the recipient of several awards during the 2018-2019 academic year, including list of awards. Your last name

================



======= Instance Index 552 =========
Input Text: The word "go" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: It's my go.
Sentence 2: I'll give it a go.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.93114
Retrieved Text: good method with lots of.
repetitions of these same kind of skills.
down, the fret board in first position.
Four quarter notes per measure.
Here we go I'll give you a count of four.
And now we will go to example number two.
of what the hands should look like.
should be very relaxed in the back.
It should not be pressing back.
Even if you can help it.
on to the string with.
finger so instead of the third.
to work with the fourth finger there.
As you're placing your first finger.
finger placement of their left hand.
this part of your, first finger.
knuckle of your first finger.
in a lot of electric guitarists.
this and the hinge is the first finger.
bending and just general guitar playing.
it it really reduces the mobility.
It restricts there ability to move freely.
can avoid that from happening.
What's, what's the next string?
And this, I'll play free stroke.
are in first position on the third finger.
debut of the second finger.
we go, one, two, three, four.
[SOUND] and F natural played with three.
We're going to play this one, rest stroke.
example one, two, three, four.
exercise as you're doing these examples.
finger to your third finger if you like.
leaving the lower note finger down.
off of a fret, off of a string.
string or relaxing off of the string.
Okay, good let's go on.
the the in the C-major scale.
And this is in four-four.
I'll give you a count of four.
Let's do that one again.
of the C major scale.
E, F, played with one.
give it some exercise on the third fret.
okay I use four on the third fret a lot.
So here we go and this is in three, four.
I'm gonna give

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.888118
Retrieved Text: Have you ever read anything that has totally inspired you to give something a go, right then and there? Tbh it's a rhetorical question as I'm sure most people are inspired by some form of written word, whether it's a motivational quote, a book or even an article. Mine was the latter, and actually the main reason I purchased last months Elle magazine, because on the cover was a header saying "Change your life in 30 days".
It's not like I want a total life overhaul or anything, but I am feeling the need to bring a bit of spring clean of my current life state, to let in a bit more positivity and let go of any negativity. I'm not alone either, it seems everyone's behaving a bit more positive now the weather has dared to show a glimmer of hope. It's surprising how much difference a bit of sunshine makes!
Anyway, I digress. I read this article by Debbie Morgan, and it has totally inspired me to follow suit... In the article she's staring down the barrel of turning 30 (cough, cough), and decides to make the last year of her twenties count, by setting herself a series of 30 day challenges, all aimed at pushing her out of her comfort zone and encouraging her to try new things. Sounds inspiring right?
Debbie's challenges are all a mixture of self-liberating and very challenging too, from going make-up free for a month, to learning the guitar, writing a novel (or at least so many words) to even going

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.879094
Retrieved Text: And as swiftly vanishes again?
W^eave them into your heart.
By use of it, you good, shall live.
Rozelle, to you, I give this horseshoe.
For it signifies luck and Lucky, too.
I present you this bottle of Colorlte.
And studying much of Lavinia's needs.
I decided on this string of beads.
To Eva, I give this dainty mouse trap.
To keep the mice from out your lap.
I'll give to him his little belle.
Christine, so very meek, you know,.
I'll give you this little horn to blow.
And, Dug, you are its destined end.
You are the farmers of our class.
think, Of Looney possessing such an instinct.
For, Mary Sue, his destiny will share.
Go purchase a clock and be on time.
From out your life to sweep the gloom.
I give this "Carlyle's Essay on Burns."
That I'll give her this little bag of rice.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.835766
Retrieved Text: Why? You work for the state... Why would you need it?
They call me Paz That gem you have Give it to me.
No way! To a guy from the state? Never!
So I need to use force... That gem's cursed It'll destroy the state.
Science... pah It returns you to the stone age.
Science must be eliminated My goal is to... Who's there?
Your goal? Mine is to conquer the world.
Making fun of me! I'll show you! On guard you insolent pup!
Heh... a fairy Carrying a Magic Gem That's peculiar... heh heh.
My name's C-mond Have you seen my husband? He's called Mr. Imitation.
Nope... But I'll tell you what... You give me that stone!
Help! Stop that! Let me go!
A Magic Gem? Carried by an animal? I'll dispose of it!
Better re-evolve, Maybe then you've got a chance.
They call me Paz That gem you have... Is that a Magic Gem?
That's right mister Hey, you're not bad looking Wanna go steady with me?
Huh... you make me laugh... Me... with a beast?
I'm not your type, eh? I know what... I'll add you to my collection.
Only looks human. But, a beast to the core.
Sorry I'm busy now Later... Dearl, lend me a hand... Welcome.
Ahh ... umm... Sister? Hey you! You irritate me! What do you want?
Hearts entwined forever, MY power forever... heh heh.
Badly stored wine Turns into vinegar.
Floryte... That on your forehead Give me that gem!
No you don't! Nobody's getting this Not even you brother!
No way! But wait... hmm I'll trade it with your clothes.
Paz... Anything else... But not this!
I knew it... I knew such a time

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.755544
Retrieved Text: I'll give my life to Jesus and I'll go with Him each day. I'll keep my ears wide open for words I'll hear Him say. Cuz he has promised to go with me. Not one step I'll take alone. My every need is provided. He meets them, one by one.
I know that He is planning each footstep I shall take. And He's promised to go with me. Its a promise that He never breaks. Yes, He has promised to go with me. Not one step I'll take alone. My every need is provided. He meets them, one by one.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.73041
Retrieved Text: Bob...those comments weren't about one of my films! They were about a film made by someone at my club who had never made fiction film before.
Thanks, Tim and Dave. I'll give it a go!
I'll be there! Looking forward to it! Thanks, Michael.
Tom, if you vary your exposure as you go along, do you have obvious changes of exposure in your video? And what if so, what do you do about it?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.67854
Retrieved Text: Do you think they'll give us some warning?!
I don't think they're intelligent enough to start a war!
Lol jhahahahahhaha if they can't do that they certainly can't throw bombs!
They can just manage to throw all their toys out of the pram!
HAHAHAH DON'T WORRY I'LL DEFEND YOU!!!
You know like when you throw the ball for a dog, only you don't actually let go of the ball, but they go running after it anyway!
Hahaha so you gonna take a Jay and pretend you threw him but you'll actually still be holding him in your hand?
No, I was gonna pretend to throw a ball!
But on second thoughts, I'll take the original Jay clone and just give it to them! That'll shut them up! And we have no use for it!
Actually,we do!Who am I gonna leave on the mothership instead of the original?
Well if you f**k up the 1st one, make sure you give them that one!
And I'll make sure I give em a fucked up one!
Jam Fan (Natalie) wrote: Is it true that he can't even read music?
sad... very sad but it's true !
Q-tiel_iroquai wrote: JK is arrogant man!
[size=24][size=12][size=24][size=18]hey DARGELITA, JK is not incorrect, is good to know something more about JAMIROQUAI.
Q-tiel_iroquai JK is arrogant man!
HEY , WHY do you say that? do you something about jamiroquai?, if you say yes, so you know that some times a go the people call JAMIROQUAI by JK.
i think you don't know what i was talking about.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.616569
Retrieved Text: When we hear the word politics, most of us have negative reactions to it. Spiritually, I do not have any rights to blame politics for my nation's under development since I've never involved in politics. The following joke might help to illustrate this post's topic.
Once, for a space exploration programme, the government was selecting the space scientists for the programme. So, the interview was running to select the scientist for the job.
Interviewer: How much money do you take to go to space?
First Scientist: I need Rs. 200,000 for this job.
Interviewer: What will you do with this money?
First Scientist: 1,00,000 I'll give to my family and 1,00,000 I'll use as my pocket money.
Second Scientist: I need Rs. 3,00,000 for this job.
Second Scientist: 2,00,000 I'll give to my family and 1,00,000 I'll use as my pocket money.
Third Scientist: I need total sum or Rs. 10,00,000 (10 lakh) for this job.
Anyway the interviewer asks "What will you do with this money?"
Third Scientist: 5,00,000 I'll give to my family and 1,00,000 I'll use as my pocket money.
Interviewer: And what will you do with the remaining Rs. 4,00,000 money?
Third Scientist: I'll offer you the remaining money.
Immediately the the scientist was selected for the job.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.605742
Retrieved Text: HELLO 15 MONTHS! How the heck can it feel like time is flying by and stopped at the same time? This mom life is a crazy thing, but I love every minute of it (correction: most minutes!). I want to catch you all up to speed on what life has been like over here lately. I'll lay out our daily schedule so you can see what a typical day looks like and some photos! June and Violet are now into everything! They love exploring and playing with anything that isn't a toy! They aren't too big on sharing these days and are pretty stubborn about most things. Luckily they will get over it quick once you get their mind on something else. A few things they love right now: cats, Barney, Moana, reading, their teepee, climbing on anything, cheese, blocks, making you laugh.
6:15-7:00 Wake Up - They wake up sometime around here and they always wake up within 5 minutes of each other. I wake up an hour earlier than they do and do my yoga, so their bottles are all ready to go. I'm still giving them 6 oz. of whole milk when they wake up.
7:00-7:45 Play Time + COFFEE - This is when the girls play in the living while Andrew and I eat breakfast and drink coffee. Usually I'll just have a granola bar. I just found a new show on Nick Jr. called Tickety Toc that's super cute and they really like it. They say 'tick tock' when it starts playing!
7:45 Breakfast

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.602503
Retrieved Text: or don't put too much content on one slide, because the audience might not listen to you anymore while reading the content.
There are already a lot of great articles and talks about how to give a talk or to collect topics for a talk. With this one, I'll not raise the number of those but want to demonstrate what happens if things go/done wrong. While it is more or less a fun talk, I'll give some very useful hints on how to prepare yourself for a talk and to give a talk.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.592355
Retrieved Text: It's all here except the chance to grow.
So open up and we'll give it a go.
We'll never be the same.
We have a lot to change.
We have to face this pain.
And I'll never ever let you go.
Don't hide your faith behind locked cellar doors.
Open up and we'll give it a go.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.521874
Retrieved Text: 25/04/2010 · How to act during a lap dance?.... Okay, I'll start off by stating that I don't go to strip clubs often (like the damn title didn't give that away). Anyways, I go to a nice place tonight with some friends.... 25/04/2010 · How to act during a lap dance?.... Okay, I'll start off by stating that I don't go to strip clubs often (like the damn title didn't give that away). Anyways, I go to a nice place tonight with some friends.
13/10/2006 · Its best to visit some strip clubs and just watch the girls giving lap dances and observer closely but dont stare at them. Its better you get couple of …... A female reader, tennisstar88 +, writes (31 August 2010): You mean they don't have a lap dance for dummies book?
13/10/2006 · Its best to visit some strip clubs and just watch the girls giving lap dances and observer closely but dont stare at them. Its better you get couple of … how to draw a good stickman 25/04/2010 · How to act during a lap dance?.... Okay, I'll start off by stating that I don't go to strip clubs often (like the damn title didn't give that away). Anyways, I go to a nice place tonight with some friends.
A female reader, tennisstar88 +, writes (31 August 2010): You mean they don't have a lap dance for dummies book?
25/04/2010 · How to act during a lap dance?.... Okay, I'll start off by stating that I don't go to strip clubs often (like

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.373491
Retrieved Text: Hello! Y'all know me, so I'll start the speel. I found this really nice site called Outpost 10F, and I love it. I go on it all the time.
Then once you fill out the log in for the chat, (you can be a member or a guest, doesn't matter much.) you go into the very large chat filled with many people, from different fandoms.
So, I added a poll to check if anyone is actually considering this! ^_^ You know how these works, so please vote!
I might, maybe? My work (both writing and my personal weekday jobs) are keeping me busier than ever. But when I get some free time, I'll give it a look. You can hold me to my word.
Ok! The nice thing about the chat is it can be a one-and-done! If you don't like it, forget about it. If you do, you can go on over and over! Just curous, what would your name be?
I'll come up with something in time.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.311243
Retrieved Text: i'll try to get one done tomorrow if it's not already too late.
091006 is the ending date and translates to 2009, October 6th.
Oh, so that's what the numbers were for!
BTW DarrenGallardo, you have to put your time in words below your pic, for verification purposes.
Oh well, it looks like I'll be seeded at the bottom. That's cool. No where to go but up.
dkasper... you going to submit?
Alright, I will also give it a go in the blacklist this time although I'm not at all familiar with its rules.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.30079
Retrieved Text: Sorry, I just now found your message. Not sure why I didn't get the email alert, I'll have to check my settings. If you go to the Masterworks section there is a fairly new thread with pics of my kit. If you can't find it let me know and I'll forward the link. Last time I looked it was still on the first page.
Thanks for the help for backing up stuff man. I'll give some rep once PDF let's me again, I've given too much out in the last 24 hours hehe.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.262742
Retrieved Text: Tina would you kindly send me your postal address and I'll get the prize in the mail for you. Thanks.
I'll be back later with a post.
Congratulations Tina!! Thanks Rhonda for this lovely give-away. It was fun.
Thanks Rhonda for giving us all a chance to go in the draw.
Congratulations Tina, I'm sure your good man will really enjoy his new pruners.
Gee I miss you when your away from your blog Rhonda, my day is not the same when I can't get your gems of wisdom. Having said that I hope you have had a fruitful break and I'm wondering if you have some kind of time frame for a possible launch of your book?
Congrats Tina, Lucky you! Hope your husband enjoys them.
Congrats Tina - lucky number 13!
Congratulations Tina!!! Such wonderful news. They will be a great tool for your gardens. Thank you Rhonda for thinking of us all and doing a give away. It is very fun!
Happy pruning, looking forward to hearing your news Rhonda. I hope you have had an enjoyable break.
And thank you again, Rhonda, for giving us all the opportunity to enter this give away!
Gail, I haven't signed the contract yet, but I hope for publication some time next year.
Thank you so much Rhonda! I am delighted, and hubby will be so pleased! I'll go and email you now with my details.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.261912
Retrieved Text: I am yumikai, new to the academy, doesn't mean I can't take the top here. I will do what ever it takes to get there. Then maybe I'll eat some pizza when I'm as far as I can go.... then I'll keep going ... please be nice to me.
Just give me that pizza and I'll let you win.
Hello mrg2u, then don't duel me.
Good. I have the sweetest deck alive.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.23678
Retrieved Text: could there be a software solution?
No. I'll give it a go!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.233687
Retrieved Text: WHAT: Live Demos, food, drinks and general meriment (there may even be some schwag). It will give everyone a good chance to provide feedback and discuss going into the public beta (date yet to be announced...we want to do it right, not haphazzardly). Oh...and a thanks to those who have supported us!
Besides, we'll be heading into the holiday season, so it will give us a little practice!
FROM TECHCRUNCH: Riya is holding its launch party at the TechCrunch house next Friday, November 18, 2005. If you are in the area, make sure to drop by. The last TechCrunch party/meetup was a blowout and we expect this one to be even bigger. Lots to eat and drink, and Riya will be giving a very cool presentation.
For more information go to the wiki.
If I go, I'll be driving from SF proper.
I'm also in need of a ride.
I'll be on the last car of Caltrain 284.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.202362
Retrieved Text: KVChosting.net and yourlasthost.com provide VPS deals which are to my liking and need to know which plan is good to host a personal blog?
For blog hosting you don't need so much as requirement. You can go with any basic hosting services with data and all the things that you need for hosting a blog. I have checked both of them and both are looking good to me. Check out some of their reviews and then you can go with them.
I'll give kvchosting.net props, nobody will ever beat them price wise for what they offer.
As long as they stick to their guns on not overselling their servers, I don't think I'll ever be looking for a new web host.
Go ahead and give kvchosting.net a try. I am also extremely happy with the site builder and the control panel.
It makes it so easy to build a website that even someone like me, who has no web experience whatsoever, can do so. The templates look very nice and the builder is very easy to use.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.146533
Retrieved Text: I want to get things lined up and ready to go by deadline time, so let me know here if you can write a match and how many.
Same deal. One match def. Two if needed.
I'll take the World Tag Title match.
All my computer problems are sorted out, my schedule is clear, I GUARANTEE that you can count on me for one match this time, and it will be prompt.
I'll take the world title match.
I'll take whatever you want to give me. Two or three matches is fine.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.120279
Retrieved Text: Currently I'm working on making a winter jacket and footed pant set for Lilah that has little bear ears on the hood and the material is lime green with Care Bears. I bought the material to make blankets with, but thought I'd give this pattern a go and if it turns out really nice I'll make another one in a much cuter material. I'll post pic's as soon as I get it completed!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.117452
Retrieved Text: Ooohh another quiz; not sure I'm too good at this but I'll give it a go ........ don't laugh !!
7) Gull - no idea ... pink feet hmmmm Glaucous !
Hope someone else can ID them 'cos I can't !
The intruding robin in each is gorgeous, by the way.
9. Herring Gull Now that's for sure!!!!!
10. White throat, well it certainly has one.
You do come up with some very innovative quizzes, Paul. I'll have a go although I'm not overly confident with some of them.
Some interesting answers so far, I’ll leave it a bit longer yet, just in case anyone else wants to have a go.
A Frivolous Duck - what a tick that would be!
OK you lot!!!! No smirking back of the class. Time now for answers I would think????

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.116339
Retrieved Text: I have a tendency to talk to myself a lot and I thought it would be cool if I actually 'wrote my thoughts down' to see what I really think. I also like to make videos, so that may be a better way to get my thinking out to the world.
Hope you like it. I'll do my best to be honest and make good content.
Let me know if there are any topics you'd like me to go over as I'm always looking to learn new stuff.
I'll thank you and credit you as Producer in the description of the content published (i.e. YouTube description box).
I'll thank you and credit you as Executive Producer in the content published (i.e. YouTube video end-card).
You can suggest a topic, any topic, and I'll give my honest take on it as content. I'll credit you as Co-Creator in the content itself. (i.e. YouTube video about ASMR, which I know nothing about).
If we reach this, I'll make a monthly Q&A session with questions suggested by Patreons.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.091059
Retrieved Text: Chapter V-14: Hot Contest!! Star Battle!!
Title: Hot Contest!! Star Battle!!
Taichi: "The city where stars live. Star City"?
Zero: I'm hungry, let's go take a look.
Starmon: What're you doing to my poster!?
Taichi: Oh...sorry. You're the mayor...?
Starmon: I'm Starmon!! Hmph, this town is still small, but...I'll make it big with my "star power"!!
Digimon: Wow! Wow! Can we shake your hand!?
Starmon: See? I'm always popular.
Digimon: Wow! Wow! Can we shake your hand!? Wow! Wow!
Taichi & Zero: Zero & Taichi!!
Starmon: Ooh...how mortifying... Ooh, there's no room for two stars in this world!!
Starman: I'll wager the title of true star.. If you battle with me, Starman, and Star Jr.!!
Taichi: Huh... All right, we'll take you up on it!!
Gabo: Hey, hey. You shouldn't be wasting time on this battle.
Taichi: Don't worry, I'll just play with them for a while. Besides, I have a new battle plan wanna try out.
Taichi: I have this notebook where I've kept records of all our battles, right? When I scan this with the Digivice 01... The whole pages are input as data!!
Screen: Greymon. Strong armor on head. Powerful. His back is his weak spot.
Taichi: I've already scanned all the pages, so during the battle.. I can just instantly uplink the battle data for individual monsters to Zero!!
Zero: What do you mean?
Taichi: Well, we'll just have to try it in a real fight. "Don't just learn, become", right?
Starmon: Welcome to Star Coliseum!!
Taichi: What do you mean coliseum? It's just a square.
Starmon: Shut up, it'll get bigger!!
Zero: You sound hopeful. So...what's our first battle? Physical? Underwater?
Starmon: The first battle is...Singing!!
Starmon:

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.082414
Retrieved Text: Who'd have thought it? It's pretty funky though.
Thanks Tahir, I'll give that a go.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.077954
Retrieved Text: Being a fringe clad girl, dry shampoo is an essential some days; if I ever need a bit of a refresh or a bit of volume, I got for the miracle worker.
Having mainly just used the Batiste line of dry shampoos and my latest bottle running out, I decided to give this Dove one a go. I had heard nothing but good things about this little bottle so I was determined to try it. I really like the packaging as it's simple and a 'no fuss' kind of product, it does what it says on the tin (bottle).
I love Dove shampoos and the conditioning sprays as they all smell so good and this dry shampoo is no different..it smells divine!
As well as keeping those pesky greasy hairs at bay, it creates quite a bit of volume with a few spritz and it certainly gives my hair a bit of "oomph"!
Overall I've been really impressed with this product and considering Dove products are normally on offer, it's definitely one to keep an eye on!
Thanks for this! I've been after a different dry shampoo because I really don't like the fragrances that Batiste do :( I'll check this one out!
I'd love to give this a go, would make a nice change to Batiste!
I'll probably have to give this a go. I've heard some incredible reviews on this so far!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.075758
Retrieved Text: I won't deny, they broke me.
When my classmates would change clothes for physical ed.
Or let them go then I'd change my clothes.
12th grade, October 2009 I hit bottom.
I was out of energy, getting out of bed was painful already.
But the effects were temporary.
My legs and mostly my chest/heart area would hurt as well.
"It is not a painless way to go.
Think about it! I'll be right back".
I threw the razor in the trashbin.
I had the guts... I felt ready.
I started to get out of my shell.
And I'll give you some sugestions on music.
And let Him enter your life".

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.060534
Retrieved Text: I hope that this is in the right section.
I have a SeeMeCNC Orion and two Ultimakers. I am wondering if anyone has created a separate profile for their Orion using Cura? I'd like to consolidate my operation to one slicing program, if possible. Has anyone used Cura with their Orion, and are you willing to share with me the specs?
I'll set it up, and once I reassemble my printer, I'll give it a go.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.040042
Retrieved Text: Thank you, Bruce and Gio. I'll give it a go and post results. Plus a circuit drawing.

================



======= Instance Index 131 =========
Input Text: The word "experience" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A surprising experience.
Sentence 2: Experience is the best teacher.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.008072
Retrieved Text: – bp o6970 substitute teacher resume no experience by ashton hoff. Teacher resume no experience. Substitute teacher cover letter examples no experience. Sample teacher resume no experience best letter sample. Sample teacher resume no experience best resume collection. Resume for preschool teachers with no experience. Resume for teachers with no experience examples resume ideas. Teacher resume with no experience best resume collection.
teacher assistant resume with no experience resume ideas. Resume examples on pinterest teacher resumes resume and. Substitute teacher resume no experience by ashton hoff. Lovely day care teacher resume skills ideas professional.
tagged: resume for hibernation windows 10. Resume foreign laguages. Resume formats. Resume for hotel reception work experience. Resume for usa. Resumen formulierungen. Resume for job application. Resume for hibernation. Resume for a driver position. Resume for sales manager.
This entry was tagged resume f r usa vorlage, resume for architect, resume for ground keeper in ethiopia, resume for internship, resume for job application, resume for sales person example, resume for switzerland jobs, resume for usa, resume foreign laguages, resume format for child, resume format for google, resume format uk, resume format word doc, resume from hibernation, resumen formulierungen. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.516525
Retrieved Text: May 31, 2014 Cover letter example for a Teaching Assistant position. Amend as suitable and start using them for your job applications.
A teaching assistant has to work alongside a teacher in a classroom. Whether youre fresh out of college or an experienced teacher, these tips and cover letter example will help you convince the hiring committee that youre the best candidate for the job.
Here are tips for teachers on how to write a cover letter for an education job, what to send when applying, and examples of cover letters. To be considered for top teaching jobs, you need a cover letter that makes the grade. Whether you're an elementary teacher or substitute teacher, preschool teacher or high school teacher, or even an ESL teacher, your teaching cover letter should help demonstrate your skills and experience.
Jun 06, 2017 But, how? View our outstanding Teacher Cover Letter Examples to see where yours stands. The competition is fierce and you need to stand out. But, how? View our outstanding Teacher Cover Letter Examples to see where yours stands. Teacher Job Seeking Tips. Your cover letter is likely the first impression potential employers Looking for your very first teaching job?
Looking to use your experience in a new setting? One thing rings true: All the best credentials, experience, and passion will go unnoticed without a strong cover letter.
Cover letter examples for teachers with no experience A person who is a teacher is considered to be an educated person.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.38778
Retrieved Text: , we all selects the very best series having best resolution simply for you all, and this photos is actually one of pictures series within our ideal pictures gallery with regards to Teacher Aide Resume No Experience. I really hope you can think it’s great.
placed by simply gifths on 2018-10-17 11:45:58. To view most photos within Teacher Aide Resume No Experience graphics gallery you should follow this website link.
Do not forget to follow the next photo gallery, which also contains the Teacher Aide Resume No Experience With Sample Resume For Teacher Assistant With No Experience New photo showed above. If you have any thoughts, questions or just want to say hello to other people, please do not hestitate to submit your opinion/ideas via the following comment form.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.351843
Retrieved Text: cover letter teacher example sample cover letters for teaching cover letter example for teacher example tutor cover letter high school cover letter teacher sample.
cover letter teacher assistant cover letter for assistant teacher sample cover letter for assistant marvelous cover letter for assistant teacher cover letter teacher assistant special needs.
cover letter for teachers assistant teaching assistant cover letter sample no experience examples cover letter teacher assistant special needs.
example cover letter teacher cover letter teacher examples best solutions of cover letter new teacher examples about gallery of infant cover letter education assistant no experience.
cover letters for educators new job cover letter cover letter for new job within same company teaching assistant job cover new job cover letter cover letters early childhood educators.
example of teaching cover letter experienced teacher cover letter cover letter examples teachers best summer teacher cover letter job and resume best teaching cover letter samples.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.261011
Retrieved Text: resume skills teacher assistant for resumes.
resume skills teacher assistant for.
teacher resume examples australia for samples of resumes teachers sample teaching related post.
teacher curriculum vitae template free resume for resumes teachers example sample unforgettable templates word.
resume teacher aide special education for sample teaching job substitute math.
sample resume teacher pdf for objective teaching best objectives resumes samples career mples medium to large.
resume objective teaching community college for teacher sample best resumes doc.
teacher resume examples india for some like.
resume teacher objective for template is one of the right ideas to perfect your 2.
elementary teacher resume template free for teachers resumes download.
resume objective teaching community college for teacher format of teachers sample assistant description.
english teacher resume summary for relief cover letter in sample with.
curriculum vitae teacher assistant resume for format of elementary music template classical.
curriculum vitae teacher assistant resume for sample nursery objectives school.
preschool teacher resume description for teaching position sample teachers network engineer.
daycare teacher resume skills for 2.
student teacher resume description for assistant graduate teaching sample charming design preschool job.
resume for teacher assistant position with no experience technology.
teacher resume examples canada for template ms word educator.
english teacher resume summary for an example of sample teachers template.
substitute teacher resume summary for teachers.
resume teacher assistant objective for elementary.
teacher resume examples canada for sample experienced format.
resume teachers aide for teacher words.
teacher resume objective line for sample teaching samples assistant preschool.
teacher resume examples pdf for template teachers substitute samples.
teacher resume template free word for computer.
esl teacher resume description for resumes teachers examples sample without experience pertaining to.
resume teacher assistant job description for skills

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.132028
Retrieved Text: Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Teacher Copy Math Teacher Resume Nardellidesign Web Art Gallery is just one of the many collections of Examples Of Executive Resumes or New Sample Of Certificate Reference that we have on this website. We have a lot Examples Of Executive Resumes or New Sample Of Certificate and any other things concerning in this website. We're not just providing info about , but , you can get a lot more reference to create your Examples Of Executive Resumes or New Sample Of Certificate as well. So , don't forget to keep visiting Examples Of Executive Resumes to get the latest update about Examples Of Executive Resumes or New Sample Of Certificate and more.
Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Teacher Copy Math Teacher Resume Nardellidesign Web Art Gallery was posted in June 1, 2018 at 6:59 am. Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Teacher Copy Math Teacher Resume Nardellidesign Web Art Gallery has viewed by 66 users. Click it and download the Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Teacher Copy Math Teacher Resume Nardellidesign Web Art Gallery.
Examples Of Executive Resumes, Experience Certificate Sample Auto Mechanic Fresh New Experience Certificate Sample Lab Technician Certificate was posted April 11, 2018 at 8:49 pm by Examples Of Executive Resumes . More over Experience Certificate Sample Auto Mechanic Fresh New Experience Certificate Sample Lab Technician Certificate has viewed by 11379 visitor.
Examples Of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.081008
Retrieved Text: Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Teac Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Teacher Copy Math Teacher Resume Nardellidesign Image Photo Album is just one of the many collections of Examples Of Executive Resumes or New Sample Of Certificate Reference that we have on this website. We have a lot Examples Of Executive Resumes or New Sample Of Certificate and any other things concerning in this website. We're not just providing info about , but , you can get a lot more reference to create your Examples Of Executive Resumes or New Sample Of Certificate as well. So , don't forget to keep visiting Examples Of Executive Resumes to get the latest update about Examples Of Executive Resumes or New Sample Of Certificate and more.
Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Teac Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Teacher Copy Math Teacher Resume Nardellidesign Image Photo Album was posted in June 1, 2018 at 6:59 am. Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Teac Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Teacher Copy Math Teacher Resume Nardellidesign Image Photo Album has viewed by 53 users. Click it and download the Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Teac Experience Certificate Format Doc For Computer Teacher Copy Math Teacher Resume Nardellidesign Image Photo Album.
Examples Of Executive Resumes, Good Conduct Certificate Dubai Sample New Sample Certificate Good Conduct Fresh Teaching Experience was posted August 26, 2018 at 12:36 am by Examples Of Executive Resumes . More over Good Conduct Certificate Dubai Sample New Sample Certificate Good Conduct Fresh Teaching Experience has viewed

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.063765
Retrieved Text: tutor sample resume. Thank you for stopping by at this website. Listed below is a wonderful photo for tutor sample resume. We have been hunting for this picture throughout web and it originate from professional resource. If youre searching for any different fresh concept for your house then this tutor sample resume image should be on the top of guide or you might use it for an optional idea.
This picture has been submitted by admin tagged in category field. And we also trust it could be the most well-known vote in google vote or event in facebook share. Hopefully you love it as we do. Please share this tutor sample resume picture for your buddies, family through google plus, facebook, twitter, instagram or any other social networking site.
You can also leave your comments,review or opinion why you like this image. So we can bring more helpful information on next reports. We thank you for your visit to our website. Make sure you get the information you are looking for. Do not forget to share and love our reference to help further develop our website.
Tutor Resume Template 13 Free Samples Examples Format Download .
Tutor For Biology Academic Resume Cooper Private Tutor Resume .
John Rosemond Parents Insist On Helping With Homework Despite .
13 Best Resumes Images On Pinterest Resume Ideas Resume Templates .
Kindergarten Teacher Resume Sample Kappa.
School Teacher Sample Resume Fastweb.
Sample Resume For Elementary Teacher Sample Resume Template The .
Sample Teaching Resume Resume Example For A Elementary Teacher .
Resume Template Best Solutions Of Esl Teacher Sample Simple Lease

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.055152
Retrieved Text: Mentioned is the way you can write Electronics Teacher CV Template . People looking for jobs can easily download these Electronics Teacher CV Template in word or pdf format or just view it online to copy and paste. Cover letter of Electronics Teacher CV Template is also available. Just change the name , address , qualification and experience and your Electronics Teacher CV Template is ready.
H # 78, S # 15,Mohalla Rafiqabad,Iqbal Town Khana kak Rwp.
To seek a career in an organization that encourages creativity so that I can apply my knowledge and experience up to my level best.
More than Two years experience of teaching tuitions.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.887229
Retrieved Text: Preschool Teacher Cover Letter Sample & Tips | Resume Companion Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Sample Cover Letter Teaching Choice Image – Letter Format Formal Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Best Cover Letter To Elementary School Cover Letter Teaching Job Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Elementary Teacher Cover Letter Sample & Guide | Resumecompanion Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Sample Cover Letter For English Teacher | Business English | Englishclub Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Teacher Cover Letters Samples Teacher Cover Letter Samples Sample Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Cover Letters Education Cover Letter Education Examples With Teacher Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Teacher Cover Letter Example Sample Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Cover Letter For University Teaching Job & Formatted Templates Example Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Sample Cover Letter Teacher – Template Resume Download Sample Cover Letter Teacher.
Best Cover Letter To Elementary School Dailyvitamint Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Education Consultant Cover Letter Best Ideas Of Sample Cover Letter Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Sample Cover Letter For Writing Job Writing A Cover Letter For Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Special Education Assistant Cover Letter Sample | Cover Letter Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Writing A Cover Letter For Teaching – New Resume Download Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Teacher Aide Cover Letter Examples – Cover Letter Academic Dean Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Best Teacher Cover Letter Examples | Livecareer Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Example Cover Letters For Teachers – Resume Tutorial Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Writing A Cover Letter For Teaching Download Our Sample Of How To Sample Cover Letter Teacher. Music Teacher Cover Letter Sample Sample

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.841369
Retrieved Text: beginning teacher cover letters new new teacher cover letter .
cover letter teaching assistant teaching cover letters for new .
professional teacher cover letter working on the resume sample .
cover letter new teacher under fontanacountryinn com .
clteacher education teaching cover letters for new teachers .
26 cover letter for teaching position philipko me .
inspiration standard livoniatowing new teacher resume template .
new teacher cover letter localblack info .
dbffedfabfbaab teaching cover letters for new teachers cuorissa org .
phy ed teacher cover letter look at essay service .
resume template new teacher cover letter sample resume template .
teacher assis teacher cover letter with no experience 2018 cover .
new teacher cover letter sample cover letters examples for teachers .
cadbeecca teaching cover letters for new teachers cuorissa org .
resume sample for applying teacher new sample resume cover letter .
new teacher cover letter examples no experience for teaching job .
cover letter for teaching assistant job with no experience cover .
cover letter for teacher job teaching letters ex jmcaravans .
catholic school teachers cover letter best teacher letters writing .
preschool teacher cover letter teaching cover letters for new .
french teacher cover letter sample cover letter templates examples .
teacher cover letter format letter writing template primary new .
experience certificate sample of school teacher new sample teacher .
fresh cover letters for teachers kenbachor kenbachor .
cover letter for preschool teacher an updated on a job application .
teaching resumes for new teachers resume and cover letter .
high school english teacher cover letter new teacher cover letter .
job letter of teacher cover letter .
cover letter teacher new teaching job valid samples jmcaravans .
teacher

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.729173
Retrieved Text: We took several classes with Omji and we enjoyed a lot, the place is beautiful, paceful and Omji is a great teacher.
If you are visiting mcloedganj- do visit om ji Best part is ull feel so comfortable as u know him from ages Best experience of yoga till now !
Omji is a very warm, sympathetic and experienced teacher, and in his scenic studio creates the ideal environment for spiritual and physical growth. A great chapter in my yoga journey!!
best place for yoga classes. really enjoyed the classes, both the place and the teacher . I went there every afternoon of my stay.
On top of being an excellent teacher, Omji is a wonderful human being too – I look forward to visiting again one day!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.704806
Retrieved Text: higher education resume template in format university.
best ideas of good resume format for teachers brilliant educational teacher education qualification.
teacher resume format free template for teachers education examples high school.
education administration resume format physical.
music teacher resume format objective education best in word.
click here to download this early childhood educator resume template education templates format best teacher.
educational resume template education format best teacher.
elementary teacher resume sample education format pdf.
freshers pharmacy resume format education qualification table in.
how to list current education on resume listing minor format university.
experienced resume format template free word regarding formats experience education download.
teacher resume format education template free best middle school builder images on university.
education administration resume format india.
bunch ideas of blank resume format in word free form job application education best.
education resume format sample some college qualification table in high school best exceptional teacher.
strengths and weaknesses of this resume format education qualification.
sample academic resume education format india.
education resume template format for teacher pdf.
teacher resume format education physical pdf.
special education resume examples of teacher format for best download.
resume for lecturers formats teachers education format examples high school.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.704724
Retrieved Text: oI am ready to shoulder any responsibility.
o5 years working experience as a KG Teacher in Pallotti Hill Public School, Agustianmuzhi, Kozhikode.
o2 years working experience as a KG Teacher in Swalah Public School, Kumaranelloor, Mukkom, Kozhikode.
o1 year working experience as a Tution Teacher in Cairo Egypt.
I do hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.696523
Retrieved Text: 14 application of employment as a teacher formal buisness letter .
teacher cover letter format memo example .
best ideas of 11 school teacher application format on format of .
letter sample for teacher ivedi preceptiv co .
application letter 9 free samples examples format .
homework help center peabody institute library of danvers how to .
bunch ideas of how to write joining letter for teacher position in .
different format of application letter unique format application .
example of application letter best of teacher cover letter format .
resume for teacher job application ivedi preceptiv co .
sample educational resume elementary education resume samples sample .
10 teaching job application letter format best solutions of .
sample experience certificate format for school teacher new .
ideas of job application letter format for teacher for your summary .
best ideas of 11 school teacher application format for school .
simple application for teacher job teaching job application letter .
teaching covering letter tire driveeasy co .
application letter for teacher school transfer letter template 6 .
cover letter teacher application images sample ideas of for teaching .
letter as a teacher format .
sample of certificate of clearance for employees best of certificate .
12 teacher job application format sample brilliant ideas of how to .
format for application letter for school thepizzashop co .
10 teaching job application letter format g unitrecors teacher cover .
teaching application cover letter example uk adriangatton com .
letter format for school teacher best of 11 school teacher .
teaching application letter of introduction creative 5 letter of .
application letter format for the post of teacher pdf .
inspirationa employment certificate sample for teacher new

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.661669
Retrieved Text: cover letter for teaching. This wonderful photo selections about cover letter for teaching is available to save. We collect this awesome picture from online and choose the top for you. cover letter for teaching images and pictures selection that uploaded here was properly selected and uploaded by our team after selecting the ones which are best among the others.
So, finally we make it and here these list ofawesome picture for your ideas and information reason regarding the cover letter for teaching as part of [blog] exclusive updates collection. So, take your time and get the best cover letter for teaching pics and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use.
Regarding Picture brief description: Image has been published by admin and has been tagged by category in field. You can leave your opinion as feedback to our site value.
Cover Letter Template For Teaching Position Education Cover Letter .
Cover Letter Teacher 11 Teacher Cover Letter Templates Free Sample .
Assistant Lecturer Cover Letter Tutor Cover Letter Example Teaching .
Special Needs Teaching Assistant Cover Letter Sample LiveCareer.
Examples Of Cover Letters For Professor Positions Letter Teaching .
Cover Letter For Art Teacher Art Teacher Cover Letters Gallery Of .
Cover Letter Template For Teachers Teaching Cover Letter Templates .
Chippedin Co Wp Content Uploads 2018 02 Cover Lett .
Recommendation Letter Sample For Teacher Aide Httpwww Cover Letter .
LBPL Website Homework Help Long Beach Public Library Cover .
Examples Ofover Letters For Professor Positions Sample Resume Letter .
Cover Letter Samples For A Job Fresh Resume Outline

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.654289
Retrieved Text: Contact us for a piano lessons Perth quote today!
We have teamed up with Perth's leading piano teacher to provide piano lessons for all ages and abilities. Whether you are a seasoned professional, or you'd like your kids to start their own piano lessons in Perth, we've got you covered.
What is the Cost of Piano Lessons in Perth?
Because each client is unique, it is best to contact us for a quote and we can put you in touch with a leading piano teacher Perth.
We pride ourselves on the highest levels of customer service and have only teamed up with the very best piano teacher in Perth. They have decades of experience and have been taught at a high level.
They can offer Perth piano lessons for children just starting out, or those with more experience. Our piano teacher is extremely patient and can cater for all types of customers.
Our piano lessons service Mandurah, Rockingham, Joondalup, and other suburbs of Perth. Unsure if we can offer piano lessons in your area? Contact us for a quote!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.622901
Retrieved Text: Then, Just Modify The Text To Fit Your Own Specifications, And Youu0027ll Have A Ready To Impress Assistant Teacher Resume In No Time At All! Charming Similar Resumes Resume Templates: Daycare Teacher Assistant Awesome Preschool Teacher Assistant Resume If Your Resume Is Sloppy And Has Lots Of Misspellings, The Employer Is Going To See You As Not Caring About The Work You Do.
Captivating We Developed This Education Job Resume Using A Functional Format, Which Is Often The Best Choice For Career Changers.
Sample Resume For A Teacher Preschool Teacher Resume Sample Sample Resume For Teacher Assistant With Experience .
This Is Daycare Teacher Resume Elementary School Teacher Resume Template Daycare Teaching Assistant Resume .

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.615069
Retrieved Text: Modern life preaches the power of push from so many different directions that it just insidiously seeps into the most silenced mind; and (sadly) there exist today schools of yoga which encourage such counterproductive foolishness. The fast track to progress at any point on the path of realization is a gentle yet progressive daily practice of HathaYoga. The mountain does not get moved because it is occasionally hit hard, but if one rock gets moved every day the mountain gets moved. When you find yourself pushing, reason with yourself and use what you know going forward. The race is always won by the driver in the best maintained car who gets a little better with each lap.
After forty-five years years of daily practice of Hatha yoga I still occasionally need to stop myself from pushing too hard. But pushing oneself to stop pushing is a contradiction in terms, and experience is not the best teacher ? experience is the teacher of last resort. The best teacher is the voice of experience. Those who will not hear it grow slowly. So listen to Yogi Amanda when she says to go easy if you want to grow as fast as possible.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.582167
Retrieved Text: If you are passionate about yoga you can certainly make your career in yoga and ensure that you can earn a steady income through it. There are many people these days who become certified and professional yoga gurus and teachers which help them to teach yoga to others and at the same time enjoy practising yoga. If you want to get rid of your current job and want to become a professional yoga trainer you need yoga TTC. Training is the right way to go ahead with becoming a yoga professional because you will learn more about the basics of yoga.
Teaching yoga based on what you know will not help you much professionally. Hence, you will have to make sure that you learn more about the fundamentals of yoga and imbibe all the skills and knowledge that is essential to becoming a great yoga teacher. With 200 hour yoga teacher training in India, you can be sure that you can have better experiences teaching yoga.
When you are sure you want to pursue your career in yoga you must make sure that you choose the right courses. The course must cover all the fundamentals and important skills that you will need as a trainer. The course must also provide you with a globally recognised certificate towards the end of it. If you want nothing but the best then you can look for 200 hour yoga teacher training in Rishikesh that provides you with the best yoga learning experience you can get in India.
Avatar Yoga School can help

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.568468
Retrieved Text: Certificate, Experience Certificate Sample For Engineer Best Of Resume Maker No Work Experience Worksheet Printables Site 45 was posted July 21, 2018 at 6:06 am by grimteam.us . More over Experience Certificate Sample For Engineer Best Of Resume Maker No Work Experience Worksheet Printables Site 45 has viewed by 5867 visitor.
Certificate, Application To Get Experience Certificate Sample Fresh 8 Experience Certificate For Nurse Format was posted September 23, 2018 at 12:19 pm by grimteam.us . More over Application To Get Experience Certificate Sample Fresh 8 Experience Certificate For Nurse Format has viewed by 4636 visitor.
Certificate, Free Sample Job Experience Certificate was posted June 5, 2017 at 8:47 pm by grimteam.us . More over Free Sample Job Experience Certificate has viewed by 6794 visitor.
Certificate, Sample Experience Certificate Format For School Teacher Best Of Sample Resume For New Teacher Applicant was posted September 1, 2018 at 7:34 am by grimteam.us . More over Sample Experience Certificate Format For School Teacher Best Of Sample Resume For New Teacher Applicant has viewed by 6167 visitor.
Certificate, Experience Certificate Format In Computer Operator was posted August 24, 2018 at 2:34 pm by grimteam.us . More over Experience Certificate Format In Computer Operator has viewed by 3126 visitor.
Certificate, Application To Get Experience Certificate Sample Best Of Experience Certificate Sample For Salesman Fresh Accounting Job was posted April 10, 2018 at 12:27 am by grimteam.us . More over Application To Get Experience Certificate Sample Best Of Experience Certificate Sample For Salesman Fresh Accounting Job has viewed by 7811 visitor.
Certificate, Experience Certificate Format Doc For

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.567398
Retrieved Text: An essential part of the academy experience is the collaboration and sharing that takes place during our sessions, and academy fellows are expected to implement their new learning and share their experiences. Optional graduate credit is available.
2019-20 Teacher Academy Schedule Coming Soon!
Teachers Academy Graduates continues the academy experience by offering the opportunity to continue your growth in a select area of study. TAG fellow will form small groups around special interest areas of study, to be led by graduates of the cohort program. The Teachers Academy Graduates experience will follow a similar academy structure: our 7 meetings will include graduates study group sessions and RPDC workshops. Ongoing support will be provided to all academy members through our online community, which will connect members from all academy levels.
Select fellows of the Teachers Academy Graduates are invited to join the Teacher Leadership Group. Teacher Leadership Group members will be invited to facilitate (or co-facilitate) a special interest study group comprised of fellows in the Teachers Academy Graduates around a topic of their choosing. TAG fellows will form small groups around these special interest areas of study and they will meet monthly with their teacher leaders as part of their cohort experience. Teacher leaders will also be given free attendance to select RPDC workshops. There is no cost to participate in the Teacher Leadership Group.
The Teachers Academy is a year long professional development experience where academy fellows meet once a month to share best practices and acquire new knowledge and strategies to promote student achievement.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.5468645
Retrieved Text: Teach in Beautiful Qingdao/DongYing ~ 2-24 Mo. Contracts Available ~ 14,000 - 22,000 RMB per month ~ No Experience Necessary! HIRING FOR MULTIPLE POSITIONS, PLEASE READ FOR DETAILS.
Date: Monday, 18 March 2019, at 2:08 p.m.
We are currently hiring for FOUR different positions. Full-time English teacher, Summer English Teacher, Online English teacher and Ballet Teacher.
For Full-time English teacher, please read qualifications and benefits below.
For Summer English teacher, MUST be a certified primary or middle school teacher to apply for this position. Duties will include teacher training and lesson plan review. This position will work around your summer break, give you a free trip to China, give you time off to travel over the summer, pay higher than normal salary range.
For English Teaching online, please contact me with your resume for details.
For Ballet Teacher, MUST be a qualified ballet teacher preferably from Russia or France. Contact me for details.
Best Promise English is currently hiring qualified teachers for Full-Time positions to come to beautiful Qingdao and Dongying, China. We are not an agency, we work directly with our teachers to provide the best possible experience. Contract Length 1-2 years for any start date. Some positions open immediately! We have 9 locations throughout Shandong province.
Shandong Province is a spectacularly modern area of China, offering nightlife, great food and access to all of the cultural wonders of China via a modern high-speed bullet train network spanning the entire country. Enjoy hiking, beaches, malls and night life all while earning money and making a difference in children's lives.
Enjoy a cost of living

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.531572
Retrieved Text: ESL Lesson Plan: You Expect A Master Teacher To Be Young?
...those who make hiring decisions have made what seems to be arbitrary age distinctions when it comes to hiring teachers.
Yes, many schools, and certainly students automatically think of a younger person when they imagine their “ideal” teacher. It’s the job of an older applicant to make them see otherwise. And it should be the job of the hiring staff to hire the best teacher - not just the teacher that might work out.
One of the things most schools don't want to talk about is the trouble young teachers can get into. Think about it; who is more likely to have problems with alcohol or drugs or get involved with an inappropriate relationship - a young teacher or a more mature teacher?
When it comes to serious learning - and the experience that fleshes out what might seem like confusing or arbitrary rules of grammar - you can't beat a mature teacher.
In North America and Europe (at least) there is no reason why a teacher should "retire" at the age of 60 (as many schools presume).
I may be biased, but it seems to me that older teachers have vastly better stories and, usually, teaching strategies, than younger ones.
Technologies will come and go, but a good teacher will make an impression forever.
In short, don’t let your age be a reason not to pursue a career, or hire someone, as an ESL instructor. Schools are hungry for good dedicated teachers, and in my mind, an older candidate who has a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.491442
Retrieved Text: Certificate, Sample Letter Of Cc was posted September 10, 2018 at 8:12 pm by grimteam.us . More over Sample Letter Of Cc has viewed by 481 visitor.
Certificate, Dental Doctors Experience Certificate Sample New Experience Letter Format Latest New Part Time Job Work Experience was posted February 17, 2018 at 10:34 am by grimteam.us . More over Dental Doctors Experience Certificate Sample New Experience Letter Format Latest New Part Time Job Work Experience has viewed by 11991 visitor.
Certificate, Certificate Employment Template Copy 11 Job Experience Letter Sample From Employer was posted April 23, 2018 at 7:34 am by grimteam.us . More over Certificate Employment Template Copy 11 Job Experience Letter Sample From Employer has viewed by 9828 visitor.
Certificate, Letter Format Doctor New Doctors Note Samples Zarplatka was posted January 29, 2018 at 10:01 am by grimteam.us . More over Letter Format Doctor New Doctors Note Samples Zarplatka has viewed by 2200 visitor.
Certificate, Letter Format For Invitation Best Of Charming Invitation Letter For Visa To Usa Friend About Sample was posted April 14, 2018 at 9:42 am by grimteam.us . More over Letter Format For Invitation Best Of Charming Invitation Letter For Visa To Usa Friend About Sample has viewed by 4674 visitor.
Certificate, Working Certificate Sample For Visa Best Of Cover Letter Sample For Work Visa Application Copy Sample was posted November 15, 2018 at 1:27 pm by grimteam.us . More over Working Certificate Sample For Visa Best Of Cover Letter Sample For Work Visa Application Copy Sample has viewed by 3820 visitor.
Certificate, Sample Letter Of Good Moral

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.434586
Retrieved Text: 77 Results for the Tag "Yoga Training In Rishikesh"!
Rishikesh yog mandir is a renowned yoga school for Meditation yoga teacher training in Rishikesh certified with yoga alliance USA. Yoga Meditation classes in Rishikesh help you learn every aspect of this divine art.
Find the simplest Yoga retreat in Rishikesh at Rishikesh Yog Mandir, that provides reasonable one & two-week yoga retreats in Rishikesh for beginners and intermediate in India. The purpose of yoga retreat Rishikesh is to form the students mentally strong and enriched with highest level of knowledge.
Online Yoga Courses in India - AYM offers a internationally recognized 200-hour yoga teacher training in rishikesh with most experience teachers in 2019.
RYA introduce you 200 hour yoga teacher training in rishikesh. Join our classes and learn traditional way of yoga. This course is ideal for practitioners of all levels who are looking to explore and deepen into their life and experience the ancient practice.
RYA have best kundalini yoga teacher training in rishikesh. Our aim to boost traditional yoga all over the world and we want to contribute toward yoga.
100 hour yoga teacher training in rishikesh, india at AYM Yoga School. 100 hr ttc for beginners level students.
Yoga in Rishikesh: 200 Hours Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh - Yoga TTC in Rishikesh - Yoga Alliance Registered Yoga School - Hatha, Kundalini and Ashtanga Yoga. We’ve created 100hr, 200hr & 300hr yoga teacher training programs, Yoga Retreats which are Yoga Alliance approved and recognized.
Rishikesh Yog Mandir offers the best Ayurveda courses in Rishikesh, and provides ayurvedic treatment and ayurveda massage

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.402844
Retrieved Text: Private swim lessons in your own home or apartment pool!
Each AquaMobile Swim Teacher has gone through a rigorous hiring process and is provided with insurance through AquaMobile to ensure they deliver a fun and safe learn to swim experience.
AquaMobile's friendly Customer Service Reps can immediately book you with a Swim Teacher in your area at the dates and times of your choice! Or book online yourself and view AquaMobile Swim Teacher profiles!
AquaMobile's experienced and knowledgeable Swim Teachers tailor swim lesson plans to suit each student's specific needs, ensuring an optimal and effective learning experience.
See Your Child Succeed With AquaMobile Private Swim Lessons in – Lara!
Contact us to book your private swim lessons and experience the AquaMobile difference!
Private Swim Lessons in Lara with AquaMobile are perfect for this, however we all know that swimming in cold or rainy conditions is not ideal. Here are some ideas to continue to build sport skills and confidence for young swimmers even when the pool is not an option.
Check out these Indoor Playgrounds in Lara, to keep active while having fun! Learn more information about Little Teapot Cafe & Play and All 4 Kids Play Centre.
AquaMobile hires only the top Swim Teachers and lifeguards to teach you and your loved ones how to swim. What’s more, your Swim Teachers are the very best of local swim talent boasting National swim competition titles, years of competitive swim experience, High-level post-secondary education, and of course all required Lifeguard & First aid certifications.	Support your local Lara talent by booking swim lessons with us!	Check out

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.390045
Retrieved Text: Math Teacher Resume Example for individual with experience teaching high school mathematics A math teacher resume must demonstrate abilities to prepare and delivere lessons that can be easily grasped by students. Jun 02, 2017 Do you know what to include in your Middle School Math Teacher resume?
View hundreds of Middle School Math Teacher resume examples to learn the best format, verbs, and fonts to use. Find the best High School Math Teacher resume samples to help you improve your own resume. Each resume is handpicked from our large database of real resumes Math Teacher Resume. If you need math teacher resume examples, then ResumeOk its the best place for you.
Below you will find a resume sample, along with some pieces of advice that should help you easily pass the math teacher job interview. Examine this Math Teacher resume sample which really showcases the value John can bring to the classroom and the impact he can make on student success.
Best maths teacher resume samples and examples you can download easily OBJECTIVE: To work in an innovative and challenging environment equipped with the state of art that enhance. Math Teachers are found in elementary, middle and high schools and work with students of various ages. A typical resume sample for Math Teachers should showcase duties like explaining math concepts, developing classroom materials, organizing activities, assigning homework, grading tests, and preparing students for exams.
For guidance, view the sample resume below, and download the elementary school teacher resume template in Word. We also have sample resumes for a middle school

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.371489
Retrieved Text: If you want know about my art teacher experience, my art work, my arts proyects, the art work of my students, my academic background, or want visit my Social Red, go to my web site: www.silvinacastillo.com .
The prices of lessons vary . You can pay for hours, packet , sessions or membreship.
I enjoy inspiring and developing all the creative potencial for my students.
Silvina is an amazing teacher. She is passionate about what she does and about teaching the art to others. Taking her classes was one of the best times of my life.
She is a real teacher, she knows every things about arts..... She has knowledges..
Loving person and a passionate teacher.
Excellent teacher, person, friendly, knows how to get the best out of each of his students. Silvina I love you so much !!!
Excellent Teacher, my daughter has learned a lot with the teacher Silvina, besides that the atmosphere is very nice.
What I like about Silvina's teachings is that she helps the student find his/her voice through their own creative expressions using different media without imposing a particular style. She is very knowledgeable in many different art techniques too.
Silvina is an excellent art teacher who's able to guide every student to better understand perspective and color, she also has a wonderful positive and encouraging teaching style.
Silvina is a great teacher! He gives his best to do his job full of Love and Honesty.
Excellent teacher! Motivates the student to develop his own style where the artist we have inside can flow freely. Thanks Silvina!
She is a great Teacher,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.366532
Retrieved Text: Certificate, Sample Bpi Bank Certificate was posted September 18, 2018 at 2:57 pm by todaysgizmos.com . More over Sample Bpi Bank Certificate has viewed by 897 visitor.
Certificate, Phd Degree Certificate Sample New College University University College London Degree Certificates was posted April 27, 2018 at 8:31 pm by todaysgizmos.com . More over Phd Degree Certificate Sample New College University University College London Degree Certificates has viewed by 1151 visitor.
Certificate, Certificate Template Free Download Ai was posted July 28, 2018 at 9:30 am by todaysgizmos.com . More over Certificate Template Free Download Ai has viewed by 353 visitor.
Certificate, Certificate Format For A School Project was posted June 12, 2018 at 9:09 am by todaysgizmos.com . More over Certificate Format For A School Project has viewed by 246 visitor.
Certificate, School Teacher Experience Certificate Sample Download New Best Teacher Experience Certificate Sample Download was posted March 29, 2018 at 5:04 am by todaysgizmos.com . More over School Teacher Experience Certificate Sample Download New Best Teacher Experience Certificate Sample Download has viewed by 1665 visitor.
Certificate, House Completion Certificate Sample Best Of Brilliant Ideas Roofing Certificate Pletion Template With was posted March 2, 2017 at 11:03 am by todaysgizmos.com . More over House Completion Certificate Sample Best Of Brilliant Ideas Roofing Certificate Pletion Template With has viewed by 755 visitor.
Certificate, Experience Certificate Sample For Nurses was posted March 12, 2017 at 9:29 am by todaysgizmos.com . More over Experience Certificate Sample For Nurses has viewed by 1039 visitor.
Certificate, Sample Letter Bonafide Certificate School Best Of Authorization Letter Sample Getting Certificate Archives

================



======= Instance Index 412 =========
Input Text: The word "return" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Return her love.
Sentence 2: Return a compliment.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.038094
Retrieved Text: We believe the the best compliment you could give is a referral. You refer to us and help us build our business we would like to return the compliment.
Please take a few minutes to review us on any/all of the sites below.
Find us on Facebook for daily specials, updates and current events.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.74322
Retrieved Text: I had an idea about giving people compliments.
When I notice something really outstanding about a person's appearance, I hesitate before saying something, because I know it will look as though I'm after something.
My first idea was to set up a booth selling compliments for 25¢. Before I could set it up, I had a better idea, the Compliment Exchange!
I made a bold sign, taped it to a folding table and posted myself up on a busy-ish street in downtown Sacramento.
R Street is the latest street to experience a remodel, and I was just across the street from the legendary Shady Lady saloon. It was Saturday night, so I was sure to get a ton of foot traffic.
The Compliment Exchange was open for business!
I compliment something about you, and you return a compliment to me.
Or, you could start with the compliment and I will return one.
I set up the table at 8:15pm. The sun was just going down, and the streets were full of people. I was immediately swimming in compliments!
I like the salt and pepper in your hair!
You have a radant smile!
Complimenting a stocky man, I said, "You look like a boss!", to which he replied, "You look like the bosses assistant!"
I like your sign! Very bold and legible!
"Hey! Would you like to exhange compliments?"
"We need to get going actually."
You must be a really nice person!
On my part, I prepared compliments for the evening, and was getting pretty good at giving them out! Of course, without knowing someone, you are pretty much stuck complimenting them on

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.385729
Retrieved Text: Humility is tricky. On the one hand, you don’t want to look like a jerk by taking all the credit when the boss says, “Nice work on the executive Powerpoint presentation.” On the other hand, the “aw, shucks” response when someone appreciates something about you says to the world, “feel free to walk all over me.” So, the question of the day is: How do you accept a compliment?
If you noticed, I just used the word “compliment” spelled with an “i.” What’s the difference between compliment with an “i” and complement with an “e?” Let’s get to the bottom of this absurd, misheard word duo.
A compliment merely is when someone says something nice about you. It’s an expression of admiration or acclaim. “You have nice eyes.” “I really like how you peeled those sweet potatoes.” “You’re the best underhanded free-throw shooter on the whole basketball team.” Those are all examples of compliments.
I think we worry that if we accept a compliment, we’ll come across as conceited or full of ourselves. No one wants to have the reputation of being cocky. However, I believe that when someone compliments you, you simply look him in the eye and respond with a genuine “Thank you, I really appreciate that.” Not only are you exuding a healthy level of confidence in your own skills, but you’re accepting the gift that the complimenter is attempting to give you.
When you don’t accept a compliment, it’s almost like someone gives you a gift, you open it, look at it, shake your head and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.672119
Retrieved Text: There is something special still about receiving “snail mail!” Especially, pretty snail mail. Your guests will be so excited to open your invitation with our Rock Climbing Return Address Label Wraps are the perfect addition to our new Rock Climbing Collection. These labels are a fun way to dress up your envelopes and get your friends and family excited about receiving mail again!
Category: Kids Birthdays.	Tags: science, science lab, science laboratory, science party, scratch off, address, address lable, custom, personalized, return address, wrap, wrap around label.
Rock Climbing Return Address Label Wraps are the perfect addition to any rock climbing themed party. They compliment our Rock Climbing Invitations perfectly.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.524872
Retrieved Text: Bernie Sanders is affording us an opportunity to do something completely different, I say we take this opportunity. Bernie Sanders the candidate deserves loyal and courageous constituents, in compliment to his fearless desire to create a nation we deserve in return. I am trying to do my part.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.318464
Retrieved Text: Excellent Podiatrist has worked on my wife and son and daughter with great results.
Personal referrals are the greatest compliment our office can receive. So to return the favor if you or a loved one has a business they would like to promote on our Friends To The Office referral page please contact Dr. De La Fe..

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.3011465
Retrieved Text: It comes up often when I compliment someone.
The other day I sent out an email. I ended with a sentence: "I love working with you."
Most people just ignored it as social grease.
One person was pierced by it... dumbfounded why.
Continue reading "Your homepage… The emotion you return to in the most inconvenient moments"

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.268845
Retrieved Text: Whether you are looking to start a music collection for your bell system or compliment a collection you already own, these song collections are sure to fit the bill. Save big while getting all of our available song selections with these heavily discounted collections.
All of our music products and tracks are subject to our music license agreement and return policy.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.084814
Retrieved Text: As seen at last Sunday’s WWE Fastlane event, Goldberg defeated Kevin Owens to win the WWE Universal Championship. While celebrating, Goldberg caught wind of some fans cursing and decided to put them in their place.
Rusev to Undergo Shoulder Surgery?
Vince Russo’s The Brand Recap w/ Shawn Stasiak – WWE Release & WCW Run, Hogan’s Compliment, Potential Return to WWE, More!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.019249
Retrieved Text: So cute - I love it Sylvie - really neat Christmas card.
Lovely Christmas card - love your colour combo!
It just gorgeous Sylvie, very cute and perfect papers for a Christmassy feel. Hope you have a lovely lovely day for your birthday.
Hi Sylvie - thank you so much for hopping by my blog. I called by to return the compliment. Love this card and have been having a good peek at your blog - some super work!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.90103
Retrieved Text: 05. since you’ve already gifted her so much jewelry, she needs jewelry storage!
So good to see the return of your gift guides! Always love your advice!
Mothers are those who will love you without getting or expecting anything in return but if you get her a gift it will be really nice on your part. Here is a guide about what you should get for her.
I just started my own blog something I’ve wanted to do for such a long time. I really love these post that you do and wondered how you do them, with pictures and links etc?
Is it a specific software or website?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.894281
Retrieved Text: At BHF Highgate Surgery, we value your feedback.
Whether you have a comment, compliment or complaint, we want to hear from you.
Speak to a member of the Team who will provide you with the relevant form. Simply complete the form and return it to us either via post or email.
Alternatively, if you would like to speak to member of staff over the phone, you can speak to our Patient Liaison Officer by contacting the number below.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.862605
Retrieved Text: Handcrafted Golden Terracotta Jewelry set with Golden Jhumkas. Great for any occasion and can compliment any outfit.
Buy Amazing Golden Terracotta Necklace Set /w Jhumkas, sold & shipped by SowJy where you can shop online for Unique Handmade Terracotta, Fashion & Designer Ethnic Jewelry.
This Necklace Sets collection has been tagged as Traditional Jhumka Earrings, Artwork, Holiday Mothers Day Valentine Gifts, Return Gift Set, Handmade Indian Jewelry.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.859433
Retrieved Text: Here in western North Carolina the golf courses are covered with a foot of newly fallen snow (again). If you are in a place where you aren’t able to play because of the winter conditions, here are some mental ideas to ponder when you are inside dreaming of playing golf.
S/he said “good shot” but s/he didn’t mean it.
It was one of my worst shots.
S/he wasn’t even looking when I hit.
S/he was writing down the score and didn’t see my shot.
S/he said good shot before it started to slice OB.
The main problem with the perfectionist is that s/he is never content with his/her performance. S/he is always trying for the perfect game. The perfectionist demands too much of him/herself, is never content, measures him/herself against too high a standard, becomes impatient or angry, and thinks about his/her mistakes more than his successes. I once played with a gal who declared at the end of nine holes that she had already made X number of mistakes! Needless to say with that kind of focus she made many more on the back nine.
The perfectionist spends endless hours of practice on the range and is dedicated to winning. S/he will try new equipment. If the new equipment doesn’t provide enough improvement s/he will try others. This personality type knows all of the latest swing drills and is constantly asking questions of others trying to find the “secrets” of the game. BTW the only “secret” is that there is no secret.
Golfers who understand the game know that no matter how low

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.839575
Retrieved Text: Nice watch but the magnifying bubble is not centered over date. Need to read date on an angle. May have to return for another otherwise nice watch.
Perfect compliment to my carbon fiber wallet. Very nice watch for the price.
Use it yesterday for the first time. Great product.
I love the watch. Looks great feels great. Now I'm awaiting to see how long it last. So far so good.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.835286
Retrieved Text: 【Size】:Compatiable with Fitbit Charge 3 Bands tracker,Wrist Size 5-8.6 inch.This band can be adjusted by sliding the chain balls up and down.No tools needed,easy to take on / off.
【Christmas Design】:Beautiful Christmas bracelet design with Christmas tree, Christmas cane, gift box,elegant and light to compliment a svelte wrist.It makes your charge so attractive in yourlife.Brings you lots of compliments .
【High Quality】: Carved from premium metal with bling rhinestones prevents skin from irritation, soft, lightweight and durable, very comfortable to wear.
【Christmas Gift Choice】: Wearlizer charge 3 band perfect for a great gift choice for Christmas, Birthday, Valentines’ day, Mothers’ day, Thanksgiving Day etc .It is also perfect for most occasions, such as working, shopping, date, etc.
【Warranty】:Please CONTACT US at the first time if got problem with the Charge 3 bangle.1 year warranty for replacement or full refund without return this fitbit ionic replacement bands.
Size –Compatible with Fitbit Charge 3 Smart watch tracker / Charge 3 SE Special Edition Rose Gold Watch ,Wrist Size 5-8.6 inch.This band can be adjusted by removing the links. No tool is needed,easy to take on / off.
Elegant Looking –Beautiful fashion bracelet design, luxury and jewelry looking elegant and light to compliment a svelte wrist.It makes your charge3 so attractive on your wrist. Bring you lots of compliments .
Gift Choice –Wearlizer Charge 3 band perfect for a great gift choice for Wedding, Birthday, Valentines’ day, Mothers’ day, Christmas, Thanksgiving Day etc .It is also perfect for most occasions, such as working, shopping, birthday party date, etc.
Warranty –Please CONTACT US at the first time if

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.8317585
Retrieved Text: Your style is a direct representation of you. We encourage your unique style and hand select items that compliment a woman's individual beauty.
A wonderful experience today with Kim at her boutique! Affordable, chic clothing and personal service. Loved it and will defeintely return often.
I went in yesterday needing a new look and what i got, thanks to Kim and the other girls, was amazing new clothes, a fun experience and a boost of confidence. Thank you so much!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.8176
Retrieved Text: Sing in the shower – Treat everyone you meet like you want to be treated – Watch a sunrise at least once a year – Leave the toilet seat in the down position – Never refuse homemade brownies – Strive for excellence, not perfection – Plant a tree on your birthday – Learn three clean jokes – Return borrowed vehicles with the gas tank full – Compliment three people everyday – Never waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them – Resist the temptation to praise yourself – Don't boast about tomorrow – Leave everything a little better than you found it – Keep it simple – Think big thoughts but relish small treasures – Become the most positive and enthusiastic person you know – Floss your teeth – Ask for a raise when you feel you have earned it – Be forgiving of yourself and others – Overtip breakfast waitresses – Say 'thank you' a lot – Say 'please' a lot – Avoid negative people – Buy whatever kids are selling on card tables in their front yards – Wear polished shoes – Return your phone calls and emails promptly – Remember other people's birthdays – Commit yourself to constant improvement – Carry jumper cables in your trunk – Be a good listener – When asked for help, be available, whether a menial or very important thing -- Have a firm handshake – Send lots of Valentine cards. Sign them, 'Someone who thinks you are terrific' – Look people in the eye – Be

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.791137
Retrieved Text: Ten reasons why our customers love wearing our shoes.
1. Shoes are stylish - they will always make you feel special.
You get to pick the size! Unlike err men, with shoes you get to pick and choose the style, size and fit! And guess what, if you don’t like ‘em you can always gift them to your best friend or sister and be pleased with yourself for making another girl very very happy!
The more you own the more happier you feel. - So weird but true. There is something about owning a lot of shoes that make you feel special. On top of that no one will ever judge you, they will just want to see all your shoes too.
They never leave your closet! Shoes never leave your closet and wander off into your best friends closet by ‘mistake’. They stay put until you take them out and adorn it!
You can always return them - I love how Olive Winter lets me return my shoes. I have purchase three pairs now and the first pair were too big and I emailed the admin and they didn’t even ask me questions, they sent out an express post bag and I returned them and they send out the size that fit me. No hassles! =Love this service.
Shoes will never let you down! You can trust that your shoes will never let you down. They will stay on your feet and make you look good! Even better when you get compliments. I always carry a business card of Olive Winter

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.745355
Retrieved Text: I regularly attend networking events where there are anywhere from 10 – 100 attendees. I have met most of the regular attendees at these events and several of them for coffee chats outside the event. I have been privileged to receive several compliments from people with whom I have met as to my professionalism, my passion for networking and helping others, as well as my personable attitude, superb customer service, and Gratitude Marketing.
More than once recently, I was pleased to hear someone, in public, praise my drive for networking with others and for my business specifically. Do you have any idea how much these types of compliments make me feel? Some of these people are my customers, and some are not. Some of them are people of whom I am a customer, and some are not. It does not matter who compliments you, the fact that they do, and specifically publicly, is what matters.
Not only do you hear the compliment, and feel good as a result, but when others hear the public compliment, they will want to know more. The compliment establishes you as a person who is well known, maybe as an expert on a subject, or perhaps as someone with whom others want to identify.
Maybe compliments will bring you more business, or maybe they will only bring you more publicity. Either way, you will benefit. Either way, thank that person and try to return the compliment with another act of kindness, either for them or someone else. After all, karma is what we all

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.713922
Retrieved Text: I came upon a beautiful lake called Lake of Sorrows. I later learned from one of the townspeople the story behind the lake’s intriguing name. The name originated from a local legend.
Some time ago, there were two young people who were deeply in love with each other. Just weeks before their planned wedding, a civil war broke out. The young man was drafted into the military and sent to the war's front line. Before the young serviceman left to carry out his duty, he told his lover to wait for his return at this very lake.
Everyday, the young woman stood besides the picturesque lake from dawn to dusk awaiting his return. As time passed, her disquietude grew. Her love for him, however, remained undiminished. After several years without any news regarding the soldier’s fate, the prospect of his return appeared grim. The girl was pressured by her family to marry someone else. On the eve of her wedding, the young lover took her own life by jumping into the lake.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.6887
Retrieved Text: You love your BFFs for their hilarious texts and the simple ways they always seem to know what to say during tough times, but now a Harvard Business School working paper has discovered that your squad could also help to promote your creativity. The study showed that people whose friends reminded them of their successes experienced improvements in emotional well-being and “resistance to disease, resilience to stress and burnout, creative problem solving, performance under pressure and relationships with their employer.” The study calls this kind of reminder “best-self activation,” which is fancy science talk for “you are loved.” Awww!
With all the positive effects of this praise, both long and short term, it seems like a good idea to go out of your way today to remind a friend or coworker why you think they’re great. Also, treat yourself by asking them for a compliment in return. Heck, let us take a second to say thanks for being considerate, engaged readers and commenters on this site. You make us excited to produce all kinds of content for you to gobble up and enjoy.
What’s the nicest compliment you’ve received today? Share with us in the comment section below!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.668106
Retrieved Text: Dua for love of husband We see today many couples who have problems of love as it is related to the lack of understanding between them, they were able to see the staffing problems. At some point, he married and has lost his duas for the love of husband do not have faith and love of women, and as time passed and only now wants to return to her husband's love. Maybe you know that when I lost my love, then it is very difficult to come back again as above, since you can get help from Duas / Wazifa / hope / mantra to solve problems quickly.
In this world a long way here, to solve their problems, lost love through Quranic duas husband for love. We are specialists in the Koran pray ancient time can get help from us at any time to return to her husband loved the use of the Koran dose. If her husband is not respected, then do not worry because we have a strong attraction to pray Koran too strong for her husband. If this type of insurance is used, so you can get the eye-appeal to her husband, and after a few days, you begin to pray to follow her husband.
At one point, it is known that her husband does not listen, as they can be to her husband, taking time for one, then it is not necessary to further confusion only gets help from us this kind of situation, we will use some special prayers for her husband,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.661718
Retrieved Text: B O G O S A L E !
Get 1/2 OFF your second month's rent!
ALL SUMMER LONG, for the best deal around!
We're happy to see you again! So happy that we'll give you a $10 off coupon at move-in...just because! There is no greater compliment than return customers--this is our way of saying "Thanks!"
Send a friend! Get $5 off one month's rent!
When you send a new customer our way, let us know you sent them! If they rent a unit, you get $5 off!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.6478815
Retrieved Text: An odyssey of the heart begins the moment theater director Lucas Cameron discovers a box of letters written to his now-deceased grandmother by her protégé, Jessica Fontaine. Jessica disappeared from the stage years before, following a tragic accident. Through her letters, Lucas comes to fall in love with this passionate, talented woman, and seeks her out - only to find a bitter recluse whose hopes and desires have been crushed by fate. Although she refuses to return to New York and the life she abandoned, Jessica and Lucas begin a correspondence that strengthens and sustains her. This lifeline helps her to return to the career from which she was cruelly wrenched, and to the man who steadfastly loves and believes in her. One hesitant step at a time, she begins her journey back to her art, and to a life where anything - even love - is possible.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.614654
Retrieved Text: Packed with adventure, magic and poignant romance, The Winter Laird is a time-travelling love story guaranteed to make you fall head over heels.
THE PRESENT Successful matchmaker Brianagh O’Rourke believes in happily-ever-afters ... just not her own. She’s convinced passion only exists in her dreams. When she reluctantly accepts a marriage proposal, Bri decides she needs a vacation – but she didn't expect it to be in 15th century Ireland. THE PAST Laird Nioclas MacWilliam just wants peace for his clan. The time for him to marry has come, and after waiting years for his ally to present their daughter, he’s agreed to marry another. But on the eve of his nuptials, a daring rescue brings his missing betrothed right into his arms. And she does not want to be there. THE FUTURE Brianagh has to return to the future. Nioclas has to marry. He offers a solution for the both of them: She marries him and stays for three months, and they work together to convince his clan they are a love match. In return, he vows to safely return her home. But as the days turn to weeks, they both begin to see what a happily-ever-after could be. And when the time comes, does Brianagh return to the life she’s built, or does she remain in the past for a chance at true love?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.610436
Retrieved Text: Love in chains is still love. No matter the source or the method, love cannot be denied. So what if he could not return what she felt in full, in time, he would grow to understand her, and with that understanding, to give her what she wanted. With training, the difference between loving her, and belonging to her would only be a blemish on his heart.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.609042
Retrieved Text: Explore nature myths through the story of Persephone, daughter of Zeus and Demeter, who finds love with Hades, god of the underworld, when he abducts her and brings her to his home. However, her absence devastates Demeter, and the human world feels the effects of her pain. Zeus negotiates Persephone's return, but she must return to the underworld to see Hades for four months of the year. Demeter rejoices at Persephone's return, but is sad each time she leaves, thereby causing winter. Immerse yourself in the beliefs and traditions of ancient Greece through the captivating animations of this classic nature myth.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.60182
Retrieved Text: Just a quick bike ride (our favorite mode of travel) from downtown, Barntucket offered our family exactly what we were looking for. We have two young girls (4 and 8) who loved everything about the house – the variety of beautiful rooms, the tree in the backyard, the porch, the huge dining table. We loved the comfort of the house, the kitchen with its nice compliment of cookware, the quality of furnishings, the landscaping, the outdoor shower and the proximity to Steps Beach and shopping. We truly cannot wait to return later in the season.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.599356
Retrieved Text: Set down rules, such as no yelling or running. Compliment good behavior, and offer a nutritious snack as a treat.
Let kids who are old enough take the lead in finding items.
Bring small toys for tiny tots.
Have the children participate in selecting new items.
Engage them with questions such as "What is the name of this vegetable?" "Who likes it at our house?"
If a child is extremely noisy, take him or her to the car or the restroom and return only when the child calms down.

================



======= Instance Index 433 =========
Input Text: The word "right" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Take a right at the corner.
Sentence 2: Film rights.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.458467
Retrieved Text: Pupils are encouraged to get familiar with the general area where they are taking the test so that they can practice on any junctions they find particularly difficult.
Our pre tests are designed to show you popular test routes and places for manoeuvres as well as offer advice on the best way to approach each part of the route.
In order to help you practice in your own time we have devised a number of practice routes which will show you the areas you are most likely to be taken on your test.
We would advise all pupils to give priority and consideration to those doing their test especially when practicing manoeuvres.
Leaving the Test Centre take a right then on Greenhills road take a right towards Tallaght Village.
At the traffic lights take a right up Airton Road and proceed to the lights at the end of the road, taking a left onto Belgard Rd.
At The next Roundabout take a right onto Belgard Square North.
Continue to the next set of lights, taking a right at Cookstown Way then a left into Maplewood Road.
Follow the road down the the roundabout then take a right onto Cookstown Road.
At the next Roundabout take the 1st exit left staying on Cookstown Rd, taking a right after the school into Belgard Heights (The Oaks).
In Belgard Heights you can find a place for TURNABOUT, REVERSE AROUND THE CORNER and HILLSTART.
Continue back to Cookstown Rd via the Old Belgard Rd then take a right onto Belgard Rd.
On Belgard Rd turn left onto Mayberry Rd.
Take a left into

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.067558
Retrieved Text: From 10 Fwy East, Exit Sierra Ave, turn right. Hotel will be on left at the corner of Slover and Sierra Ave.
From 10 Fwy West, Exit Sierra Ave, turn left. Hotel will be on left at the corner of Slover and Sierra Ave.
From 210 Fwy East, Exit Sierra Ave, turn right for approx. 6 miles. Hotel will be on left at the corner of Slover and Sierra Ave.
From 210 Fwy West, Exit Sierra Ave, turn left for approx. 6 miles. Hotel will on left at the corner of Slover and Sierra Ave.
Take the 10 Fwy East, exit Sierra Ave and turn right. Hotel is on your left at the corner of Slover and Sierra Ave.
Take south to 105 East 17 miles, take 605 N 12 miles, to 10 Hwy East toward San Bernardino 33 miles, Exit Sierra turn right. Hotel is on the corner of Sierra and Slover.
Distance from Hotel: 65 mi.
Take 10 Hwy West, exit Sierra Avenue turn left or south. Hotel is one block away on the corner of Sierra and Slover.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.018324
Retrieved Text: We're on the corner of Business Route 29 and Laurel Street.
Our office is located on the corner of Business Route 29 and Laurel Street on the south side of Culpeper within 1 block of the Culpeper Regional Hospital.
Although our office faces Business Route 29, the entrance road to the office is on Laurel Street.
Take Route 29 South to Culpeper. Continue on 29 South to the second Business 29 exit at the southern end of town. At the end of the exit ramp, turn right onto Business 29 North and follow for ½ mile. As you crest a small hill you will see our office on the right at the corner. Turn right onto Laurel Street. (If you get to the stoplight at Sunset Lane, you have gone too far.) Proceed 50 yards on Laurel Street and take the first right followed by another immediate right into the parking lot. Follow the road to the front of the building for parking.
Take Route 29 North to the first Culpeper Exit for Business Route 29. Take the Business Route 29 exit and follow for approximately ½ mile. As you crest a small hill you will see our office on the right at the corner of Business 29 and Laurel Street. Turn right onto Laurel Street. (If you get to the stoplight at Sunset Lane, you have gone too far.) Proceed 50 yards on Laurel Street and take the first right followed by another immediate right into the parking lot. Follow the road to the front of the building for

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.930856
Retrieved Text: When you take a series of burst photos, Tap Select in the top-right corner of the screen. Tap each image in the series that you want to keep. Tap Done in the top-right corner of the screen. To... Before rejecting the job offer, make sure you are 100% certain you do not want (or cannot take) the job. Once you turn down a job you previously accepted, there is no going back. Therefore, think carefully about the pros and cons of rejecting the job.
These changes should take place immediately, so test it out by right-clicking any file or folder and making sure you see the �Take Ownership� command. If you want to reverse the changes at any time, just head back into the Registry and delete the runas keys you created in both locations.
right - a turn toward the side of the body that is on the south when the person is facing east; "take a right at the corner" left - a turn toward the side of the body that is on the north when the person is facing east; "take a left at the corner"

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.831989
Retrieved Text: Directions: From Clarksville take Hwy 15 north to Hwy 49 North. Turn Right onto West Sycamore St. Property at the corner of High St on the Right.
Directions: From Clarksville take Highway 15 North to Highway 49 North to a Right onto W. Sycamore Street. House is on the Left at the Corner of Jefferson St. House is on the Right at the corner of Jefferson and Virginia Ave.
Directions: From South Boston take 360 towards Scottsburg, Turn right on Scottsburg Road at the stop light, go approximately 3 miles, House will be on the right.
Directions: From Clarksville. Hwy 15 N to Hwy 49 N. Left on North Main. Right on Dodd St. Right on Price. Right on Harvey's Lane.
Directions: DIRECTIONS FROM CLARKSVILLE - West on Hwy 58 - Right on Cow Rd - Right on Chicken Town Rd - 1319 Chicken Town Rd on Left.
Directions: From Clarksvile take Hwy 15 South to a Right on Shinny Rock Road, turn Left onto Hill Top Road, Property at Red Gate on the Left.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.7447405
Retrieved Text: Experience impeccable service at the Hilton McLean Tysons Corner hotel near Washington, DC. This contemporary hotel is located in the center of Tysons Corner's technology corridor, between Ronald Reagan National Airport and Washington Dulles International Airport. It is also just minutes from world-class shopping at Tysons Corner Center and the Galleria Mall. Take the Silver Line Metro from the McLean Station into downtown Washington, DC. A complimentary shuttle servicing a one-mile radius of the hotel is also provided.
By staying at the Hilton McLean Tysons Corner, you gain the opportunity to further network with your industry peers and remain in the center of the activity surrounding the conference.
SANS schedules morning and evening events at the Hilton McLean Tysons Corner that you won't want to miss!
Parking at the Hilton Mclean Tysons Corner is free for all attendees. Please park in the back of the hotel and use the south entrance to access the SANS classroom space.
Take Dulles Toll Road east to Exit 17 (Spring Hill Road).
After the toll, turn right onto Spring Hill Road.
Turn left at the first light onto Jones Branch Drive. The hotel is 1 mile on the left.
Take G. Washington Pkwy north to Route 123 south towards McLean.
After the I-495 overpass, turn right on Tysons Blvd (1st light after overpass).
Turn right on Galleria Dr. (1st light).
Turn right on Jones Branch Dr. (2nd light). Hotel is on right.
At the first traffic light, turn right onto Tysons Boulevard.
At the next traffic light, turn right onto Galleria Drive.
At the second traffic light, turn right onto Jones Branch Drive.
The

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.71994
Retrieved Text: South St. & Elaine Ave.
I-5 North. Take the Parker Rd. exit toward Castaic. Turn right onto Ridge Route Rd.. Turn right onto Castaic Rd.
91 east(between 605 & 5) to Bloomfield Ave. Go South on Bloomfield. 1 block up on right side of street is high school. Corner of 183rd & Bloomfield.
23N to the 118E to the 210 W (2.2 mi). Take the Hubbard St. exit. Turn right onto Hubbard St.
22 FWY & exit Bolsa Chica/Valley View. Go South on Bolsa Chica for about 2 miles and turn left on Skylab W.
I – 5 to 805 freeway to Clairemont Mesa offramp east. Take left at Shawline St. (second signal with Arby’s on the corner). Go to three-way stop sign and make a left at Convoy Court. Go to stop sign before trailer park and make a right at Hickman Fields Dr. Go to second entry opening in fence on right into Hickman fields. Go as far as you can and make a right. Then go as far as you can and make a left. Fields are at top to the left. Full Snack Bar.
From Hotel: Start out going SW on Kearny Mesa Rd. toward Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Turn right on Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Turn right onto Shawline St. Turn left onto Convoy Ct.
Convoy Ct. & Hickman Fields Dr.
I-5 South and exit on Valley View. Turn left onto Valley View and go about .5 mi. Turn right on Firestone Blvd. and you’ll see it.
Corner of Euclid & Orangewood; Take 22 FWY to Euclid go north past Chapman, at

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.702815
Retrieved Text: The Trinity River Campus is located in the northwest corner of Belknap and Taylor streets in downtown Fort Worth, Texas. The recommended parking garage entrance is at the corner of Cherry Street and Belknap Street.
The visitor entrance to the Riverfront Campus parking garage is located at Belknap and Cherry streets (see the red marker on the map or Click This Link).
From Points North: Take Interstate 35W South. Exit 121 West (Belknap Street). Continue west on Belknap Street. The Trinity River Campus is located on the right side of the street at the corner of Belknap and Taylor streets. Continue to the traffic light at Cherry Street and turn right into the TCCD parking garage.
From Points South: Take Interstate 35W North to the Spur 280 exit (Downtown). Continue west on 4th Street to Taylor Street. Turn right on Taylor Street. Turn left on Belknap Street. The Trinity River Campus is located on the right side of the street at the corner of Belknap and Taylor streets. Continue to the traffic light at Cherry Street and turn right into the TCCD parking garage.
From Points East: Take Highway 121 West (Fort Worth) and continue west on Belknap Street. The Trinity River Campus is located on the right side of the street at the corner of Belknap and Taylor streets. Continue to the traffic light at Cherry Street and turn right into the TCCD parking garage.
From Points West: Take Interstate 30 East. Exit Forest Park Boulevard and turn left. Stay on Forest Park until it ends in a sharp left

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.702054
Retrieved Text: Northbound on Route 8, take Exit 31, I-84 East, get immediately off at Exit 21. Go to end of ramp and take right on to Meadow Street. Go to second light and take a right onto Field Street. At stop sign, go straight. Approximately 50 yards after the stop sign is parking for our building on the right hand side of Field Street. The Chase Municipal Building (236 Grand Street) is up Field Street on the corner of Leavenworth and Grand Street; City Hall is located across the street at 235 Grand Street.
Route 8 South, take Exit 32 - Riverside Street exit. At traffic light, take a left onto Freight Street. Stay on Freight Street until you come to the end and take a right at the traffic light on to Meadow Street. Go to the next traffic light and take a left onto Grand Street. At the traffic light, take a right onto Field Street, the municipal parking lot is on the left side approximately half way down Field Street. The Chase Municipal Building (236 Grand Street) is up Field Street on the corner of Leavenworth and Grand Street; City Hall is located across the street at 235 Grand Street.
Take I-84 East; get immediately off at exit 21. Go to end of ramp and take right on to Meadow Street. Go to second light and take a right onto Field Street. At stop sign, go straight. Approximately 50 yards after the stop sign is parking for both buildings is on the right hand side of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.63513
Retrieved Text: Need a Google Map for Directions to this school?
Off of Highway 65 take Pleasant Grove to Fiddyment – Make a left on Fiddyment – Stay on Fiddyment it turns into Walegra. Go to North Loop , make a left on North Loop. Stay on North Loop and cross over Don Julio Blvd. When you cross Don Julio North Loop Blvd. turns into Heartland, go down about ¼ mile and the gym will be on the left hand side.
Cross Country to run at Park of Dreams – Follow same directions as above. When you get to the corner of Don Julio Bl and North Loop, make a left on North Loop. At the stop sign make left onto Palmerson. The park is on the left next to the firehouse.
Off highway 65, take the Plesant Grove exit. Make a left on Pleasant Grove and make a right on Hallissy. Buljan will be on the left hand side about ¼ mile up.
Take the Douglas Bl. exit off I-80 heading towards Folsom Lake. Turn right on Auburn-Folsom Rd. Make a left about 500 yards down onto Fuller Dr. The school is about 2-3 blocks down on the right hand side.
Take I-80 to Highway 65 exit – Take the Pleasant Grove exit – make a left at the end of the off ramp. Stay on Pleasant Grove until it dead ends into Fiddyment. Make a left of Fiddyment – This will turn into Walegra when you cross baseline. Stay on Walegra the school will be on the corner of Walegra and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.614242
Retrieved Text: Small Corner Sofas Almond Furniture from Corner Sofa Right Hand , Take it along with you when buying drapes or some other beautifying components looks got from: almondfurniture.co.uk.
Amazon Flash Furniture Signature Design by Ashley Alliston from Corner Sofa Right Hand , Bring it along when searching for window curtains or another redecorating supplies impression via from: amazon.com.
One more thing that provides your sofa an absolute style is cloth choice. After you visit most furniture stores you’ll have the capability to first choose the style couch you want and then opt for the selection of fabric. Some manufacturers have 30 or more different fabric you can choose from when you are designing a couch, with the sole limit being how much money you want to invest. The decision of fabric can add thousands of dollars to the ultimate cost of a sofa. Bold dazzling colors and geometric designs would be utilized on modern-day sofas and softer muted colors and prints would be utilized on traditional sofas.
Your guide to high quality and affordable corner sofas Home Design from Corner Sofa Right Hand , Take it together with you when buying window curtains or another beautifying supplies downloaded from: coreghk.org.
Ideal Home Victoria Fabric Left Hand Corner Chaise Sofa from Corner Sofa Right Hand , Take it along when shopping for drapes or any other redecorating components looks got from: pinterest.com.
Joop Sofa from Corner Sofa Right Hand , Bring it with you when buying window curtains or other decorating supplies looks downloaded from: writing-hub.us.
Leather Sofas Harvey Norman from Corner Sofa

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.548252
Retrieved Text: Metered street parking is available along 7th Street, Wacouta Street, and 8th Street. We do not have a parking lot, but there are several pay lots in the area.
FROM NORTH: Take 35E South, exit on Wacouta/10th, stay on Wacouta. The Buttered Tin is on the corner of 7th Street East and Wacouta, we’re on the same side of the street as the Gopher Bar.
FROM SOUTH: Take 52N over the Lafayette bridge. Take a right toward E 7th Street. Continue onto Kittson Street. Turn right onto E 7th Street. The Buttered Tin is on the corner of 7th Street East and Wacouta (the same side of the street as the Gopher Bar).
FROM EAST: Take 94W to the 6th Street exit. Take a right on Wacouta. The Buttered Tin is on the corner of 7th Street East and Wacouta, we’re on the same side of the street as the Gopher Bar.
FROM WEST: Take 94E to exit 242C (as in cake). Take a right at the light (7th Street East). The Buttered Tin is on the corner of 7th Street East and Wacouta, we’re on the same side of the street as the Gopher Bar.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.527277
Retrieved Text: Advanced Skills Baseball Academy's convenient location at 7588 Delaware Lane, Vancouver, WA 98664 in the Oxford Athletics Building (formerly the Oxford Swim Academy) makes it easy to get to from anywhere in the Portland metropolitan area and Southwest Washington. It's just one short block south of East Mill Plain Blvd. at the corner of Garrison Road and Delaware Lane (directly behind the Shell Station, which is diagonally across from Parkrose Hardware & Planet Fitness).
Take the Mill Plain Blvd exit west about 1.6 miles past PeaceHealth Hospital to the light at Garrison Road and make a left. Take the next right on Delaware Lane. The building location is on the corner of Garrison & Delaware. Park on either street or in any one of the parking lots beyond the building.
Take the Mill Plain Blvd exit east about 3.3 miles past Andresen Road (Safeway) to the next light at Garrison and make a right. Take the next right on Delaware Lane. The building location is on the corner of Garrison & Delaware. Park on either street or in any one of the parking lots beyond the building.
Take the Lieser Road exit north about 1/2-mile to Chesapeake Drive, which is just past Lieser Elementary School (on the right). Make a left on Chesapeake and a right on Delaware Lane. Proceed about four blocks on Delaware to the corner of Garrison Ave. The Oxford Athletics building is just across Garrison on the right. Park on the street or in any one of the parking lots beyond the building.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.495057
Retrieved Text: Boston Conservatory at Berklee is located in the heart of Boston's historic Back Bay neighborhood.
Take the MBTA Green line to the Hynes Convention Center station stop. Exit station. You are on Massachusetts Avenue. Turn left. At the corner of Boylston, turn right; walk two blocks to Fenway. The Conservatory is the first building off the left-hand corner (8 Fenway).
Visit mbta.com for detailed maps and schedules.
Massachusetts Turnpike (Rt. 90 East) to Exit 22 Prudential Center toward Copley Square; keep left at the fork to continue toward Huntington Avenue and merge onto Huntington Avenue.
Slight right at Avenue of the Arts (Huntington Avenue).
Take the first right onto Massachusetts Avenue.
Slight left at Westland Avenue.
Slight right to stay on Fenway. The Conservatory will be on the right, at the corner of Fenway and Bolyston streets.
Interstate 93 to Storrow Drive exit (26B).
Stay in right lane; follow Storrow Drive West to Fenway/Kenmore Square exit (Route 1 South).
Take Fenway exit (Route 1 South); stay to far left; exit ramp becomes overpass crossing Commonwealth Avenue.
Bear left at traffic lights at end of overpass (Boylston Inbound-Fenway). The Conservatory is directly ahead, on the corner of Fenway and Boylston streets.
Interstate 95 to 93 (Boston).
Take Massachusetts Avenue exit (#18).
At second traffic light, take a left.
At next traffic light, take a right on Massachusetts Avenue (hospital is on right).
Follow Massachusetts Avenue to Westland Avenue (1/2 mile). Symphony Hall will be on left, Christian Science Center on right. Get in left-hand turn lane.
Follow straight through next traffic lights to Fenway. The Conservatory is the last building on the first block

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.478675
Retrieved Text: Take Grandview Road Exit (#266). Turn left on Grandview Road. Head west until you come to Blaine Road. Take a right. Follow the Blaine Road north to Alderson Road. Take a left. Heading west, drive to the bottom of the hill and at the stop sign take a right on to Birch Bay Drive. We are located right on the corner!
Take Birch Bay Lynden Road Exit (#270). Turn right on Birch Bay Lynden Road. Head west until you come to Harborview Road. Take a left. At the bottom of the hill, take a left on to Birch Bay Drive. Head south approximately 2.5 miles. We are on the left at the corner of Birch Bay Drive and Alderson Road .

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.472605
Retrieved Text: （C）2018 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. (C)2017 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. （C）2017 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. MARVEL TM ＆ （C）2017 MARVEL. (C) 2015 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. MARVEL TM ＆ (C) 2015 MARVEL ＆ Subs. （C）2014 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. （C） 2001 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. （C） 1988 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. （C） 1994 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. （C） 1990 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. （C） 1997 Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. All rights reserved. （C） 1998 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. （C） 2006 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. （C） 1991 Warner Bros., Inc., Regency Enterprises VOF and Le Studio Canal. All rights reserved. （C） 2018 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. (C)2016 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. （C） 2004 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. （C） 1999 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. （C） 2003 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.460364
Retrieved Text: Shop the work of 75-plus artists and makers. Enjoy delicious food truck fare, wine & beer, and listen to great music at the Coolidge Corner Arts Festival!
The festival will be held on Saturday, June 1, 2019 from 11:00am to 6:00pm at the Babcock Street Parking Lot between John Street and Harvard Street in Coolidge Corner, Brookline.
The Coolidge Corner Arts Festival is pleased to continue the Susan Lichter Jury Prize in memory of our beloved committee member. Glass artist David J. Benyosef has been elected as the 2019 winner. His work exemplifies the highest level of both art and craft and embodies Susan's spirit.
Applications for the 2019 festival closed on March 15. Please join our email list to be notified when the 2020 application season opens. See Exhibitor Info for more festival information.
From Boston: Take the Green “C” line to Harvard Street in Coolidge Corner or take the #66 MBTA Bus and get off in Coolidge Corner.
From the north: Take 93 South to Storrow Drive, exit at Kenmore Square. Stay straight on Beacon Street and take a right onto Harvard Street.
From the south: Take 93 North to Storrow Drive, exit at Kenmore Square. Stay straight on Beacon and take a right onto Harvard Street.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.418615
Retrieved Text: （C） 1987 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved./（C） 2010 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved./（C） 1979 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved./（C） 2004 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved./（C） 2004 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved./（C） 2002 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved./(C) 1961 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation and Rossen Enterprises, Inc. Renewed 1989 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation and Rossen Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved./（C） 2010 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved./（C） 2015 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. Alvin and the Chipmunks, the Chipettes and Characters TM & （C） 2015 Bagdasarian Productions, LLC. All rights reserved./（C） 2002 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved./（C）2008 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved./（C）2018 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. /（C）2018 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved. /（C）2017 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.395422
Retrieved Text: Take University Avenue (SR26) west to the city of Newberry. Proceed on SR 26 through the city of Newberry and continue going west until you enter Gilchrist county. Look for CR337 and at CR337 (see First Strike Paintball sign on SW corner of the intersection) turn right (north) and go 1 mile. First Strike Paintball is located on the left side of the road.
Take I75 North to SR26 (Exit 387). Proceed west on SR26 to the city of Newberry. Continue on SR 26 through the city of Newberry and continue going west until you enter Gilchrist county. Look for CR337 and at CR337 (see First Strike Paintball sign on SW corner of the intersection) turn right (north) and go 1 mile. First Strike Paintball is located on the left side of the road.
Take the Florida Turnpike North until it merges into I75. Take I75 North to SR26 (Exit 387). Proceed west on SR26 to the city of Newberry. Continue on SR 26 through the city of Newberry and continue going west until you enter Gilchrist county. Look for CR337 and at CR337 (see First Strike Paintball sign on SW corner of the intersection) turn right (north) and go 1 mile. First Strike Paintball is located on the left side of the road.
Take I275 North until it merges into I75. Take I75 North to SR26 (Exit 387). Proceed west on SR26 to the city of Newberry. Continue on SR 26 through the city of Newberry and continue going west until you enter Gilchrist county. Look for CR337

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.391146
Retrieved Text: This walk takes in the rural beauty of Hook and the seascapes of the Solent in a 9.5 mile circular walk from the Meon valley. We'll stop part way round for lunch on the beach, bring a packed lunch!
Directions : From the M27 take junction 9 and follow the A27 towards Fareham. At the roundabout after the Eaton Factory take the 3rd exit onto St. Margarets Lane. At the T-junction turn left then take the first road on your right. At the isolated group of houses there is a sharp right-hand corner followed by a sharp left-hand corner. The car park is about 50 yards after the left-hand corner.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.352513
Retrieved Text: Exit the PA Turnpike at exit 6, Monroeville. Take the Parkway East (I-376) westbound towards downtown Pittsburgh. Exit the Parkway at the Grant Street exit (1C on the left). Travel Grant Street for 7 blocks. Gulf Tower is on left at corner of 7th Street & Grant Avenue. Parking is available at Greyhound Bus Garage or David L. Lawrence Convention Center., each one block from Gulf Tower.
From the Airport take Route 60 southeast to Route 22/30 (Parkway West) eastbound toward downtown Pittsburgh. Travel the parkway through through the Fort Pitt Tunnel and Bridge. As you cross the bridge into downtown, stay in right hand lane and exit onto the I-376/US-22 exit (6A) ramp. In approximately half of a mile take the Grant street exit ramp. Travel Grant Street for 7 blocks. Gulf Tower is on left at corner of 7th Street & Grant Avenue. Parking is available at Greyhound Bus Garage or David L. Lawrence Convention Center., each one block from Gulf Tower.
Take I-79 southbound to I-279 south. Follow the I-579 south exit (8A) over the Veterans Bridge. Once over the bridge, bear to the right and take the 7th Avenue/6th Avenue exit ramp into downtown Pittsburgh. Gulf Tower is on left at corner of 7th Street & Grant Avenue. Parking is available at Greyhound Bus Garage or David L. Lawrence Convention Center., each one block from Gulf Tower.
Take Route 28 west to the ramp for the Veteran’s Bridge (I-579 south). Once over the bridge, bear to the right and take the 7th Avenue/6th Avenue exit

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.328768
Retrieved Text: Take I-75 South to I-20 East. Exit Maynard Terrace. Turn left; go to the first traffic light (Memorial Drive). Cross Memorial Drive. The street name changes to Wyman St. Keep on this street until you get to the first traffic light (Hosea L. Williams Dr., formerly Boulevard Dr.) You will see a library logo sign at this corner. Turn right onto Hosea L. Williams Dr., (formerly Boulevard Dr.). Continue on Hosea L. Williams Dr. for four traffic lights. Kirkwood Rd. is the first street on the left. There is a library logo sign on the corner. The library is the first building on the right side of the street.
Take I-75 North to I-20 East. Exit at Maynard Terrace. Turn left; go to the first traffic light (Memorial Dr.). Cross Memorial Dr.; the street name changes to Wyman St. Keep on this street until you get to the first traffic light (Hosea L. Williams Dr., formerly Boulevard Dr.). You will see a library logo sign at this corner. Turn right onto Hosea L. Williams Dr., formerly Boulevard Dr. Continue on Hosea L. Williams Dr., formerly Boulevard Dr. for four traffic lights. Kirkwood Rd. is the first street on the left. There is a library logo sign on the corner. The library is the first building on the right side of the street.
Take I-20 West to Glenwood Road Exit. Turn right; go to the first traffic light (South Howard), turn left. Stay on South Howard until South Howard intersects with Memorial Dr. Turn left and then a short

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.311875
Retrieved Text: Take State Hwy 31 East (right) at Corsicana to Athens (approximately 45 minutes). At Loop 7, turn left and go to FM Hwy 19 and turn left again. Go approximately 4 miles and at CR3911 turn left. We are the two tan buildings at the corner of Hwy 19 & CR3911. The county roads #s are not in order.
Take US Hwy 175 East to Athens (approximately 1 ½ hrs). At Loop 7 in Athens, turn left and go to FM Hwy 19 and turn left again. Go approximately 4 miles and at CR3911 turn left. We are the two tan buildings at the corner of Hwy 19 & CR3911. The county roads #s are not in order.
At Canton, turn South on FM Hwy 19 and go approximately 20 miles to CR3911. Turn right on CR3911 which is just passed the little white church w/steeple which will be on your left. We are the two tan buildings on the corner of Hwy 19 & CR3911. The county roads #s are not in order.
Take Hwy 31 West out of Tyler. At Loop 7 in Athens, turn right and go to FM19 and turn right again. Go approximately 4 miles and at CR3911 turn left. We are the two tan buildings at the corner of Hwy 19 & CR3911. The county roads #s are not in order.
From Palestine on Hwy 19.
At Loop 7 in Athens, turn right and go around the loop to Hwy 19 and turn right . Go approximately 4 miles and at CR3911 turn left. We

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.278037
Retrieved Text: The Newman Center shares space at the Good Samaritan Episcopal Church, which is at the corner of Genesee & Eastgate Mall. This space sharing arrangement has been approved by both the Catholic and Episcopal bishops of San Diego.
Take La Jolla Village Dr. east to Genesee Ave and turn left. Turn right at Eastgate Mall. The church is on the right corner.
From Campus, take Voigt Dr. east, turn RIGHT on Campus Point Drive, LEFT on Medical Center Dr., there, follow the curve and turn LEFT on Health Sciences Dr. RIGHT on Regents Rd. then LEFT on Eastgate Mall until you get to the corner of Genesee and Eastgate Mall.
Find the official bus schedules at www.sdcommute.com.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.276501
Retrieved Text: - From northwest Reno, take I-80 to the Keystone exit, right on Keystone, left on 2nd Street, right on Arlington, left on Ridge (the 2nd street after going over the river). Our office building is on the corner of Ridge and Flint Street. Enter from the parking lot side (NE) corner of the building.
- From north or east/Sparks, take I-80 to Virginia St exit, left on Sierra St (the 3rd light off the exit), continue on Sierra past the casinos, river, and courthouse, then right on Ridge. Our office building is on the corner of Ridge and Flint Street. Enter from the parking lot side (NE) corner of the building.
- From south Reno, take 395 to I-80 and follow directions above from north or east/Sparks. Or take Arlington, headed north towards downtown, once crossing the intersection of California and Arlington, take the 2nd right on Ridge St. Our office building is on the corner of Ridge and Flint Street. Enter from the parking lot side (NE) corner of the building.
Our address is 241 Ridge Street, Suite 101. We are next door to the Great Basin Food CoOp, across the street from Pignic and Salon Lux. Please note that the building we are in is on the northeast corner of Ridge St and Flint Street, and our front door is on the bottom floor, from the parking lot side, not the lobby of the building.
We have metered parking on all side streets, and there is always change at the front desk for the meters.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.26572
Retrieved Text: Season1 : Film © 2010 Carnival Film & Television Limited. All Rights Reserved. Season2 : Film © 2011 Carnival Film & Television Limited. All Rights Reserved. Season3 : Film © 2012 Carnival Film & Television Limited. All Rights Reserved. Season4 : Film © 2013 Carnival Film & Television Limited. All Rights Reserved. Season5 : Film © 2014 Carnival Film & Television Limited. All Rights Reserved. Final Season : Film © 2015 Carnival Film & Television Limited. All Rights Reserved. Artwork © 2017 NBC Universal Entertainment. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.25709
Retrieved Text: Located in downtown Fresno at the Hall of Records building on the corner of Tulare and M streets.
From Freeway 41 south bound, take the Tulare exit; Tulare to ‘M' Street. Hall of Records building on the right side at corner of Tulare and 'M' streets.
From Freeway 41 north bound, take the Van Ness exit; Van Ness to Tulare Street; right on Tulare Street to 'M' Street; Hall of Records building on the left side at corner of Tulare and 'M' streets.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.252773
Retrieved Text: Here's how to find us, and where to park.
The Johnstown Flood Museum is located at 304 Washington Street, Johnstown PA 15901, on the corner of Washington and Walnut Streets. The flood museum is a distinctive, beige brick building. We also hope you will visit the Heritage Discovery Center, which is located a half-mile away at 201 Sixth Avenue, Johnstown, 15906. Museum staff will be happy to direct you.
Take the Pennsylvania Turnpike west to Bedford (Exit 146). Take Route I-99 North to the first exit (Route 56). Take PA-56 West approximately 27 miles to Route 219. Take Route US-219 North 1/2 mile to the PA-56 West exit (Johnstown Expressway). At the first stoplight turn right onto Walnut Street. At the fourth stoplight on Walnut Street, turn right onto Washington Street. The museum is at this corner on the right.
Take Route 80 to Route 220/I 99 South. Follow I99 South to US-22 West outside of Altoona. At Ebensburg take US- 219 South to the PA- 56 West exit (Johnstown Expressway). At the first stoplight turn right onto Walnut Street. At the fourth stop light on Walnut Street turn right onto Washington Street. The museum is on this corner on the right side.
Take Parkway I-376 East to US-22 East at Murrysville. Take US-22 East for 40 miles. Exit onto PA-56 East at Armagh. Follow PA-56 East approximately 9 miles into the City of Johnstown (this takes you on a winding road through a residential/mixed-use neighborhood). PA-56 will become Broad Street as you drive through the Cambria City Historic District;

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.249409
Retrieved Text: If you are coming across the top of Toronto, take Highway 401 to the Leslie Street exit. Drive south on Leslie until you get to the stoplights at Lawrence Avenue. You may turn right at the intersection and take the first or second driveway on your left to enter Edwards Gardens and find the TBG, OR you may proceed straight through the lights and take the first right into the large parking area surrounding the TBG. Parking is offered free of charge.
TTC buses pass the corner of Leslie Street and Lawrence Avenue regularly. Both the Lawrence East 54 bus and the 54A bus will deliver you right to the corner.
Exit the Yonge Subway line at the EGLINTON station and take the 51, 54 or 162 bus to LAWRENCE Avenue. The TBG is on the Southwest Corner.
Make your way into the Sunnybrook and Wilket Creek parts of the City of Toronto Parks system and you will find bicycle and walking paths up to Edwards Gardens. The TBG is in Edwards Gardens, at the corner of Lawrence Avenue and Leslie Street. Click here to learn more about bike racks at TBG.
Meander through the beautiful City of Toronto Parks and Edwards Gardens until you come to the corner of Leslie Street and Lawrence Avenue. If coming from the north, east or southeast you will want to make your way to one of the two major streets (Leslie or Lawrence) and proceed to where the two meet. The TBG is on the southwest corner of the intersection of Leslie and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.173037
Retrieved Text: Head south across the bridge into Emiliano Zapata (aka the Romantic Zone).
Take a left at the first stoplight. This is Lazaro Cardenas and is one way heading east.
The next cross street is Constitucion. Los Muertos Brewing is on right, the southeast corner of this intersection.
Proceed onto Carranza upon exiting the small tunnel.
Go straight through the stop light (Insurgentes).
Take a right on the next street, Constitucion.
The next cross street is Lazaro Cardenas.
Los Muertos Brewing is on right, the southeast corner of this intersection.
Take a left at the second stoplight, this is Carranza.

================



======= Instance Index 427 =========
Input Text: The word "growth" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A growth of hair.
Sentence 2: The growth of culture.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.523123
Retrieved Text: Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watch List Purchase History of buying and Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers MessagesCollect & Spend Learn more. There seems when it comes to be a genetic hair loss problem completing the certification or extension request at present. You believe these products are hereeBayHealth & BeautyHair Care & Styling ProductsHair loss vitaminsthinning hairhair Loss Treatments. Kaminomoto hair growth tonic Japan Hair Growth oil fast grow Tonic w Hinoki Extract which is a Natural Anti Hair or total Loss 150ML. KAMINOMOTO hair growth accelerator GOLD Hair Treatment for natural hair Growth Accelerator Anti thinning multi-therapeutic hair loss 150ml NEW. Kaminomoto a higher strength Hair Growth Tonic 5 type/ A-High-Super-Trigger-Ladies 150ml-200ml. Kaminomoto works on my Hair Growth Accelerator Gold Anti-Hair loss shampoo hair Loss Tonic Kujin Extract 150ML. KAMINOMOTO TRIGGER brittle and thinning Hair Growth Tonic 180 mL kokliang snow lotus / 6 fl oz Non Fragrance. KAMINOMOTO hair growth preparations A Super Powerful protective effect on Hair Growth Tonic 180 mL kokliang snow lotus / 6 fl oz Non Fragrance.
NEW KAMINOMOTO hair growth accelerator GOLD Hair Treatment boasts impressive hair Growth Accelerator Anti thinning multi-therapeutic hair loss 150ml MadeJAPAN. Kaminomoto Trigger thinning of the Hair Growth Tonic 180ml Fragrance-free from Japan. Kaminomoto Ladies EX boyfriend cut my Hair Growth Medicated hair growth emulsion Scalp Lotion-Fragrance-free Japan f/s. 2pcs KAMINOMOTO hair growth preparations A Hair Growth oil fast grow Tonic General 200 mL kokliang snow lotus / 6.76 fl oz No Fragrance. JAPAN price in karachi KAMINOMOTO Hair Treatment for improving hair Growth Accelerator Anti

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.363445
Retrieved Text: Why Is It Important To Opt For Genuine Hair Growth Products?
Hair loss is a problem faced by most people around the world. People have developed a propensity of losing hair even before they reach old age. Hair loss at an early age emerges as an embarrassing condition. Many people from different parts of the world are suffering from this problem. This is the major reason why people have started making wrong decisions about hair growth products. Today, there are countless options are available claiming guaranteed hair re-growth; however, most of them are a hoax. In order to regain their hair faster, people tend to buy hair growth products without any recommendation and end up losing the rest of their hair as well. One of the best hair growth products like GrowHair not only helps in hair growth but also help in nurturing the scalp.
Malnutrition is one of the most common issues which result in hair loss at an early age. People who lack nutrients in their bodies they suffer from hair loss. Nutrients like protein and iron are essential for one’s hair. Lacking these nutrients can make one’s hair lose growth and strength.
Dry scalp and hair breakage can also aggravate early age hair loss.
Also, it is important to make a right choice while purchasing the hair growth products. One should opt for products that have pharmaceutical hair growth formula for the best results.
People who are looking for hair growth products which do not cause any damage to their hair then they should opt for hair growth

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.281502
Retrieved Text: Marketresearchpro published a well-researched report namely “Market Forecast Of Hair Loss and Growth Devices Industry: 2017-2025” focusing on the Hair Loss and Growth Devices market. This report focuses on the developments of the Hair Loss and Growth Devices market, including its development status and future trends, along with focus on the top players in the market. This report is exclusive to Marketresearchpro and encompasses in-depth analysis and insights on Hair Loss and Growth Devices Market. What you will get by reading the report is not just charts, bars, analytical data but also a better understanding of the market which will in turn help you make decisions in the better interest of your organisation.
Present Hair Loss and Growth Devices market size.
Consumption of products by users in Hair Loss and Growth Devices industry.
Competitive players and top manufacturers in Hair Loss and Growth Devices sector.
Sales volume of Hair Loss and Growth Devices products.
Data Implications of Hair Loss and Growth Devices products.
Market by Applications: The end user application helps to understand the historical as well as forecasted market share and annual growth rate of products in Hair Loss and Growth Devices market.
Answering queries on the market size of Hair Loss and Growth Devices market by 2025.
Analysing the growth rate of Hair Loss and Growth Devices market.
Deconstructing the current market trends in Hair Loss and Growth Devices industry.
Describing the top vendors in Hair Loss and Growth Devices market.
Decoding the challenges to market growth of Hair Loss and Growth Devices industry.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.252102
Retrieved Text: * Resolved 100% balding problems and promote hair growth.
* Control oily scalp, itchiness and dandruff.
1. How can I see the BF1 Hair Growth results ?
2. Do BF1 Hair Growth products provide Money Back Guarantee results ?
Answer : Yes, We provide 7 days money back guarantee on all Hair Growth Products. BF1 guarantee all hair growth products qualities and safe for direct skin application.
3. How long I should use BF1 Hair Growth products ?
Answer : BF1 hair growth products control hair loss and promoting hair growth in 7 days. You may use about 3 months or until the results meet your satisfaction.
Prediction of Recovery for Hair Loss and Balding Problems.
a. Normal Hair Loss Problems ( Class 1 ) – Our hair growth will be full control and recovery about 28 days.
b. Mild Hair Loss Problems ( Class 2 ) - Our hair growth will be full control and recovery about 90 days.
c. Hair Loss Problems ( Class 3 ) - Our hair growth will be full control and recovery about 150 days.
d. Moderate Hair Loss Problems ( Class 4 ) - Our hair growth will be full control and recovery about 180 days.
e. Balding Hair Loss Problems ( Class 5 ) - Our hair growth will be full control and recovery about 280 days.
f. Serious Balding Problems ( Class 6 ) - Our hair growth will be full control and recovery about 400 days.
g. Complete Balding Problems ( Class 7 ) - Our hair growth will be full control and recovery about 600 days.
Note : All above

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.133965
Retrieved Text: The cause of hair loss is due to a hormone called dht which causes follicles to shrink decreasing hair production. It puts hair follicles into the anagen phase or growth stage. Top 10 diy homemade hair growth hair tonic recipes for strong healthy shiny hair.
Lllt or low level light therapy stimulates skin cells.
Best hair growth light. How does low level light therapy work. Relax we do not want you to start freaking out about your hair. The treatments have natural ingredients and easy to make in your kitchen. Like our bodies our strands require nutrients to grow strong so check out these top rated products that guarantee growth fast.
Also we tried to. Wild growth hair oil light oil moisturizer combo with its own unique formula and wild growth hair oils proprietary nutritional complex wild growth light oil. You dont want oily hair but good oils in your hair. Jamaican black castor oil best oil for hair growth.
Guci image a new jersey based hair loss clinic has been providing premier hair loss treatments for more than two decades. Here we round up some of our favorite hair oils out there for every hair type. Hair growth starts with healthy hair. Try these hair loss remedies.
Actually we want to provide you some tips about the best shampoo for hair growth. Jamaican black castor oil is one of the cheapest natural hair oils available for everyone in stores and. Looking for hair loss treatment.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.112164
Retrieved Text: Hair is perhaps one of the most important things for a good appearance. A good quality, thick hair enhances ones look to a great extent. Hair grows almost continuously throughout lifetime. However, some individuals experience problems in hair growth like slow growth of hair, baldness etc. Interestingly, by following some regular hair care regime, one can induce faster hair growth. Let us see how fast hair grows or the normal time a hair takes to grow, some natural remedies and lifestyle changes required to grow hair faster.
The speed of hair growth is around 0.5 inches or 1.25 centimeters per month and about 15 centimeters or 6 inches per year. The speed of hair growth may slow down to as little as 0.25 centimeters per month with age.
Cell division is the reason behind the growth of hair. The new cells formed push the hair forward to make it longer. The hair in normal healthy conditions may last for up to six years. During the entire lifespan of a hair, it goes through three phases of growth: the anagen, the catagen and the telogen.
The first phase anagen involves growing of new hair in the hair bulb.
The next phase is catagen when hair stops growing because cell division has stopped.
The final phase being telogen, wherein the old hair falls out and the new hair starts growing in the papilla.
Hair grows at the same speed all over the head and there is no perceptible difference between the fringe and crown. Most people lose about 100 hairs per day, in normal

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.101303
Retrieved Text: Whatever your hair problem and concerns might be, we are so happy that you are on this page now because your solution is just right here. Several thousands of people suffering the same issues have satisfactorily found help using the H-GROWTH hair oil product specially formulated to take care of all the aforementioned conditions. Please read on, sip a cup of tea and find out more about hair issues and the long-standing secret on how to effectively deal with it 100 percent guaranteed.
Hair breakage or thinning and the embarrassment it brings actually affectmillions of people worldwide. Research has revealed that more than 40 million men and 30 million women suffer from this challenge globally every year, and that includes you.
While this is becoming more and more rampant, several hair growth products are being produced on regular basis, and yet the solution seems to be still far. This is because – many of these products are not produced to provide long lasting solutions but only to work partially and not take care of the underlying issues.
As these products have failed, experts who know the long age-old secret to solving this problem have put together a highly effective product that’s been positively hitting the news-front with many people using H-GROWTH hair oil and testifying of its many benefits and wonder working powers.
What Makes H-GROWTH Hair Regrowth oil So Unique?
H-GROWTH hair regrowth oil specially formulated for guaranteed hair growth has been tried and tested by several users globally and after several applications, it has been proven to help with

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.099606
Retrieved Text: Viviscal Professional supplements promote existing hair growth in four stages over a six month period.
At Viviscal, we understand hair. We have been researching hair loss for over 25 years and are proud to have developed the most rigorously researched hair growth* supplement.
We have combined 25 years of research and expertise to create the Viviscal Professional Hair Growth* Program.
Viviscal was originally developed in the late 1980s in Scandinavia with the first clinical trial proving its efficacy being published in 1992 in The Journal of International Medical Research.
Since then, we have conducted numerous trials internationally to prove that Viviscal supplements safely and effectively nourish thinning hair from within and promote existing hair growth*. The key active ingredient in Viviscal is the AminoMar® marine complex, which is unique to Viviscal supplements.
Today, Viviscal supplements are the number 1 hair growth supplement for women in the US** with over four million units sold globally since the product's inception and, during 2014, one box of supplements was sold every minute worldwide***.
Hair loss is caused by a variety of factors in women and men. Whether your hair loss is caused by an emotional, lifestyle or medical factor, it is important to identify what is preventing your body from effectively absorbing the nutrients it needs to grow healthy hair. Learn more about some of the most common causes of hair loss.
Hormonal changes associated with menopause can affect the healthy hair growth cycle. Other hormonal changes in the body may affect hair thinning and loss in some women. Women can experience problems with their hair

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.091705
Retrieved Text: Beardilizer beard growth conditioner and softener cream 4oz. For some it only takes a few days for their face to be completely covered but for others it takes. Get the strong fast and healthier growth of your moustache and beard with our moustache and beard growth cream.
Find beardilizer beard products at the best price and.
Mustache hair growth cream. Skip to main. Allows for increased hair growth. Black phomthong facial hair growth cream grow mustache beard growth sideburns. Beard growing cream for beard and mustaches.
Facial hair growth herb cream grow mustache beard sideburns. Beard balm leave in conditioner all natural beard oil wax for beard mustache hair growth deep beard softener cream butter soothes softens tames styles hair. Many people dream of growing a thick luxurious beard or a stylish mustache. How to grow facial hair fast.
Beard growth oil sky shop natural organic hair growth oil beard oil enhancer facial nutrition moustache grow beard shaping tool beard care products hair loss. How to grow facial hair. Find great deals on ebay for beard cream. Millions of men find it very difficult to grow facial hair.
Burly beards and handsome mustaches are popular. Complete beard grooming range. Beardilizer facial hair growth complex for. Unfortunately some men cant seem to grow more than a few thin.
Unfortunately some men have a harder time growing facial hair than others. The best beard growth product or beard growing cream can enable you. A naturally made herbal cream to help grow a moustache beard sideburns and eyebrows.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.085272
Retrieved Text: Velexa Hair Growth - Reverses Hair fall Signs Naturally | No Side Effects !!
In today’s world, the most common problem being faced by men and women is “Hair Fall”. It has become the biggest health issue in the youth. The rapidly increasing hair fall issue directly affects the personality and appearance of an individual. Apart from this, it also affects the self-confidence. Well, hair loss is one of the icky and devastating issues which make every individual hyper sensitive. To figure out from this problem, most of the individuals prefer to have hair extensions or some medical surgeries. Anyhow, they also don’t give them efficient results. But now you can kick off the hair loss problem in a simple and easy way by making use of Velexa Hair Growth Formula. It is an effective scalp nourishing formula which provides all the essential vitamins and nutrients to the hair. Consequently, prevents the male baldness patterns, thinning of hair, dandruff, and split ends.
What is Velexa Hair Growth?
Velexa Hair Growth is a nutritive hair growth formula which is viable for men and women to prevent the problem of hair loss. The nutrients enriched formula directly approaches the male pattern baldness issues to hike the growth of hair follicles. The best part is that the solution can be used by both men and women. It is a super natural formula having all the virtues to reverse the hair fall symptoms in an easy way. Moreover, it improves the thickness of the hair by strengthening the hair strands.
This recipe basically nourishes

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.072496
Retrieved Text: Hair growth is so crucial to many of the women. In order to have fast hair growth ensure that you are more concerned about it especially when caring it is concerned. If you properly observe the set tips in regard to the hair growth then you will find that your hair is quite well growing. The key thing here is not reaching your maximum hair growth through the set steps but also ensuring that you look at the steps so as to control any hair breakages. One of the most important way through which you can prevent your hair breakage is through utilizing protein treatment. Make sure that your diet as well since it plays a lot when hair growth is concerned. A good diet serves a lot in the area of hair growth. Vitamins as well as minerals plus the entire groups which make a balanced diet are very crucial and should not miss so that you can be assured of hair development. Eliminate all junk foods if you want to have consistent hair growth.
It is good that you look for ways that will facilitate your hair growth phase so that you can initiate and accelerate your hair growth. This can be achieved by relying on supplements which are good and are well known in making the anagen prolong. We have the supplement responsible in making the phase prolong and is usually known as the MSM. This supplement helps in the increase of the length of the anagen phase as well as improving the hair

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.9907055
Retrieved Text: IHT9 - 9 Carefully Ayurvedic Herbs to Prevent Hair Loss & Nourish Hair Aloe Vera	Pumpkin Seeds	Saw Palmetto Henna	Neem	Bhringraj Fenugreek Shikakai	Amla 100% Safe Ingredients Aloe Vera: Aloe vera is something that repairs dead skin cells on the scalp. It also acts as a great conditioner and leaves your hair all smooth and shiny. It promotes hair growth, prevents itching on the scalp, reduces dandruff and conditions your hair. Henna: Henna improves hair growth by reduces hair fall. Henna is for Deep Conditioning, prevents dandruff, repairs splits ends and controls scalp itchiness. Fenugreek: An Effective Natural Remedy which are known to be beneficial against hair fall and dandruff, and in treating a variety of scalp issues like dryness of hair, baldness and hair thinning. Pumpkin Seeds: An important nutrients in your diet which also lead to fight for hair loss or a nonproductive scalp. Eating a handful of seeds a day can benefit in the fight for hair growth. Neem: Neem, known for its medicinal properties is an effective herb to treat hair loss. neem is an excellent way to curb dandruff. It helps the hair follicles to become stronger and also encourages hair growth. Shikakai: Nourishes Your Follicles, it is a great source of essential vitamins and its vitamin C content, especially, helps promote hair growth by giving your scalp a collagen boost. It is also a great source of antioxidants that help prevent free-radical damage. Saw palmetto: An extract of saw palmetto berries may block 5-alpha-reductase, an enzyme that converts testosterone to DHT. DHT is the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.987995
Retrieved Text: Loaded with vitamins, minerals and amino acids essential for maintaining the healthy hair growth cycle, juices are an effective solution for hair fall and poor hair growth. Apart from consuming fresh fruit and vegetable juices, applying juices extract from specific fruits and vegetables directly to the scalp can improve hair growth by supplying nourishment directly to the hair follicles. If you are suffering from hair loss, include the following juices in your diet that can help in promoting hair growth.
Leafy greens are excellent for the health of the hair. They are rich sources of vitamin A, which helps in regulating sebum secretion. Vitamin A helps in strengthening the hair and protects against hair breakage. Furthermore, leafy greens contain a number of B vitamins, vitamin C and vitamin E, nutrients that aid hair growth. Moreover, green leafy vegetables provide iron, an essential constituent of hemoglobin, which carries oxygen to the body cells including the hair follicles. Deficiency of iron causes anemia, which is a leading cause of hair loss. To promote hair growth, drink juices extracted from a variety of green leafy vegetables such as spinach, kale, lettuce, collard greens.
Orange juice is one of the richest sources of vitamin C. Vitamin C helps in maintaining the tiny blood vessels of the hair follicles. Deficiency of vitamin C slows down hair growth and makes the hair dry, brittle and vulnerable to breakage. Moreover, vitamin C is also essential for aiding absorption of iron from foods. The antioxidant activity of vitamin C and the flavonoids found in orange protect

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.9813385
Retrieved Text: Home › News › What is Biotin and How Does It Help Hair Grow?
What is Biotin and How Does It Help Hair Grow?
Have you recently taken the plunge and got a new pixie or bob cut and now regretting your last haircut? Wanting long hair is an instinct and there are a plethora of hair products available in the markets that trigger your hair growth. Although they all have a different chemical formula but have one thing in common ‘Biotin,' which is one of the critical nutrients that play a vital role in promoting hair growth.
Use of hair care products containing (vitamin B7) Biotin, is becoming a common practice increasingly. This miracle ingredient is a potent hair growth supplement that is strongly recommended by not only industry-trend hopper or fashionista bloggers, but also famous dermatologists. The water-soluble nutrient converts other macronutrients into energy and plays a significant role in the healthy growth of your nails, skin, and hair.
Biotin deficiency is rare, but if you do not get sufficient quantity of biotin, you are likely to experience skin infections and hair loss. It is essential to increase intake of biotin if you want to reap the exceptional health benefits of the nutrient for hair growth.
Biotin is a B complex vitamin and commonly called as Vitamin H. This essential nutrient acts as a critical coenzyme to convert food nutrient into energy. It is water-soluble that your body typically does not store. Initially, driven by the Greek word - "bio" - t,he term biotin means ‘life' - and the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.977509
Retrieved Text: Can you remember the days when the only option for hair re-growth was to have a hair transplant? They looked and sounded painful and there was no real promise of success. Thankfully, scientific research has made finding the best hair growth treatment easy to find and reasonable to consider. The number of available hair re growth treatment methods available today is astounding, varying form lotions to shampoos, to laser hair growth treatment. Your most difficult task will be in choosing the best treatment for your needs. You'll need to start by looking at the different categories of treatments and then assesing which will be easiest to add to your daily routine.
Determining the reasons you are losing your hair is the first step. After that, you'll need to consider the rate at which you are losing your hair. These two key factors will allow your physician to choose a variety of options that fit your unique hair care needs. For example, if your hair loss is genetically predisposed you may benefit more from a treatment for hair growth which may prevent you from losing excess amounts of hair. If your hair loss was caused by an illness or chemical imbalance, you may not need a hair growth treatment.
If you do, you will most likely benefit from any of the myriad of hair re-growth treatment shampoos available on store shelves today. Hair loss caused by illness usually ceases when the illness goes away, but you may want to use a hair growth treatment to stimulate your re-growth process.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.95524
Retrieved Text: Basic Information: What is Helix HX Vitamins For Hair Growth?
This is a review of Helix HX Vitamins For Hair Growth which is a great hair supplement. Helix HX Vitamins For Hair Growth will provide your body with essential vitamins and nutrients for the growth of your hair. It improves blood circulation in the scalp, thus increasing the growth of the hair. It also gives your hair a nice luster and makes its texture sleeker.
Take of 2 capsules of Helix HX Vitamins For Hair Growth on a daily basis. For the best results, take it with meals.
Each bottle of Helix HX Vitamins For Hair Growth has 60 capsules which is a supply for a whole month. A single bottle costs $29.95. If you buy the product in bulk, you will get a good discount. There are no monthly or annual subscriptions available.
I lost a lot of hair after my last pregnancy and my doctor recommended Helix HX. He told me that Helix HX Vitamins For Hair Growth is an advanced product in terms of ingredients it contains and it helps restore your hair, especially during times of hormonal imbalance like pregnany or menopause. My hair shedding did stop after 2 weeks and the hair regrowth started in about 4 weeks. Therefore, I have decreased the dose now and take it every other day. It appears like an excellent treatment and it is not just a gimmick.
Helix HX Vitamins For Hair Growth can cause allergic reaction in some people, so if you experience any adverse effects then contact

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.943953
Retrieved Text: photography of hair regrowth treatment for men bosley pro reviews.
description bosley hair regrowth growth reviews restoration.
n sync joey hair loss spokesperson ad bosley regrowth treatment before and after.
bosley hair regrowth shampoo defense for color treated 3 step starter kit.
details about professional strength hair regrowth treatment extra for men bosley growth reviews.
bosley hair regrowth treatment com reviews hairlines before after city.
shampoo reviews does it work for thinning hair loss stoppers growth bosley regrowth vs rogaine.
hair treatment starter pack for color treated regrowth 1 bosley shampoo pro reviews.
revive starter pack for visibly thinning color treated hair bosley regrowth treatment reviews.
hair regrowth treatment extra strength for men two month supply 2 oz bottles bosley before and after.
does laser comb work for hair loss the bosley regrowth treatment before and after.
hair regrowth treatment 2 for women bosley how to use.
revive nourishing bosley hair regrowth growth shampoo reviews a cheaper generic version defense loss treatment.
image of before and after bosley hair regrowth growth shampoo reviews scalp micro pigmentation.
hair re growth treatment women 2 oz bosley regrowth shampoo ingredients.
bosley hair regrowth thinning treatment loss.
for women biotin and hair loss dosage why eyebrow effective bosley regrowth growth reviews.
hair stimulating products bosley regrowth growth shampoo reviews best treatments.
hair regrowth professional treatment 5 two bottles strength men for sale online bosley before and after.
for women hair regrowth treatment bosley growth shampoo ingredients elegant theme and.
features advanced hair loss shampoos conditioner and thickening bosley regrowth treatment before after.
revive nourishing shampoo visibly thinning hair oz bosley regrowth does treatment work.
by hair regrowth treatment extra strength for men

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.943164
Retrieved Text: Anyone can experience hair loss. It can be the result of heredity, hormonal changes, medical conditions or medications. Hereditary hair loss with age is the most common cause of baldness.
Hair loss can appear in many different ways, depending on the causes described above. It can come on suddenly or gradually and affect just scalp or entire body. Some types of hair loss are temporary, and others are permanent.
In many cases, a key aspect of hair loss is due to the aging of the hair follicle, which is renewed by the stem cells associated with each follicle. Maintaining the nutrients for the follicle is critical for hair generation cycle.
Change The Future Outcome (CTFO) is US based company that specializes in CBD hemp oil products. With their expertise in creating high quality products, they generate a CBD oil based hair growth system, including Hair Growth Shampoo, Hair Growth Conditioner, Hair Growth Leave-In Solution, and Hair Growth Moisture Treatment.
This shampoo is the first step of a 4-step system to enhance hair growth. AnaGain (AnaGain is an organic pea sprout extract. This natural product supports hair growth and balances the natural hair growth cycle) stimulates specific signal molecules in the hair to reactivate and promote hair growth. AnaGain combined with 50 mg of CBD per container provides hair with the nourishment and stimulation needed to grow fuller and thicker! This product is intended to be used in a 4-step system but can be used individually.
This conditioner is the second step of a 4-step system to support hair growth. AnaGain stimulates

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.942653
Retrieved Text: Home > Healthy Hair > What is the Normal Cycle of Hair Loss and Regrowth?
Hair growth, like all other functions of the body, has a normal cycle that it follows in every individual. Unless something like disease or unnatural events interrupts that cycle, the hair growth maintains a natural, consistent course throughout the lifetime of each person.
The normal cycle of hair loss and regrowth contains three phases: the growing cycle, also called the anagen phase; the resting cycle, also called the telogen phase; and the shedding cycle, also called the catagen phase. Each phase has a predetermined duration and place in the normal hair growth cycle. Each cycle is unique to each hair follicle as each follicle operates independently from all of the other follicles.
The normal hair growth cycle is stimulated and maintained by the release of hormones that are targeted at the hair follicles. These hormones keep the growth cycle on track and allow for consistent hair growth. Although each cycle is unique there are some basic similarities from cycle to cycle.
The growing phase of the normal hair growth cycle is responsible for producing new hair and for allowing the continued lengthening of that new hair. In this cycle hair is produced at the root and growth is maintained through the blood vessels, which feed the hair strand its nourishment. This phase lasts about four or five years and at any given time about 90% of the existing hair follicles are engaged in this phase. At the end of the growing phase these follicles enter

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.942001
Retrieved Text: Friends, Aaj Ka Hamara Topic Hair Growth Se related Hain, Aaj Mein Aapko Bataunga Ki Apne Hair Ki Growth Jaldi Se Kaise Karein and Subscribes My Blogger Pages .
1- Make a massage of scalp from lukewarm oil once you have a hair growth, blood circulation is fine which is extremely important for Hair Growth and healthy hair.
2- Use of comb on hair 2 to 3 times a day. There is also a wrong effect on combing hair or not combing too much. Hair starts to fall and hair growth stops.
3- Ghar Se Bahar Jaate Time Apni Protect the hair from the sun like skin. Insert umbrella or wear scarf or cap.
4- Take Vitamin A, B, Aur E Ke, and other essential nutrients. Diet is most effective for hair growth.
5- Achhi Need Le, this is a sign of good health. If you stay healthy then hair growth will also be good.
Egg - With the addition of honey and banana in the white part of the egg, hair mask can also be prepared.
Banana - Apply banana like a mask in hair, this mask also shows magical effect on hair.
1. Do not shampoo everyday. Washing the hair twice a week is enough, too, from any mild or herbal shampoo. Hair shampoo is more rowdy than the hair and the necessary Moistcher ends. 2. Save hair with chlorine or salt water. If you swim, wear the cap. This water also makes hair stiff, which can cause breakage problems in the hair. 3. It is true that triming makes the hair

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.93982
Retrieved Text: One of the most troubling issues men and women have is hair thinning. Shedding hair and loosing hair which cause physiological and confidence problems. Lately new home laser devices have been approved by the FDA for hair regrowth. They look like a hi-tech helmet with laser lights inside. How do they work? What is their technology? One of these hair growth helmets is the iRestore Laser Hair Growth System.
First of all, there is no magic, different people should expect different results. There are so many reasons why people lose hair, a laser hair growth helmet, could not solve them all. With this said, there are so many people who see less hair loss and see thicker hair growing once where it was thin. The laser technology when harnessed in the right way can bring salvation and relief to many.
Norwood-Hamilton classification is the most common used for pattern hair loss (PHL). The device is relevant for men with ‘lightweight thinning’ referred to 2A-5 types.
And for women with the 1-2 on the Ludwig – Savin Scale which also refers to the beginning of the hair thinning. When the scalp is seen through the hair yet the stage is not yet in the whole head progressed stages.
As you can see the iRestore Laser Hair Growth helmet is not suitable for hair loss in its advanced balding. But for those who witness hair loss in its beginning stages.
How Does a Laser Hair Growth Helmet Work?
The iRestore Laser Hair Growth System is using what is called LOW LEVEL LASER THERAPY aka

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.931919
Retrieved Text: For women with thin or thinning hair, looking for a treatment that nourishes the scalp and follicle. For women looking for an intensive treatment that will support an improved, healthy hair growth cycle.
Formulated with ingredients that support natural cell renewal, it helps ensure that follicles continue to replenish during hair’s growth phase, while it energizes the scalp.It supplies necessary nutrients that help the follicle rebalance the hair growth cycle.Unlike many rinse off products, this intensive overnight treatment works while you sleep to help replenish and nourish; it helps provide improved growth conditions for hair.
Helps the hair follicle to maintain a healthy growth cycle.
Helps to support a healthy scalp which helps encourage the growth of healthy hair.
Works while you sleep to help promote thicker, fuller, healthier hair.
Helps energize and nourish the scalp and hair follicle.
Provides the scalp and follicle with polyphenols, zinc and glycine to encourage revitalization of the hair growth cycle.
Uses new ingredients based on the science behind stem cell and telomere technology to support healthier hair growth.
Is an intensive, overnight, anti-aging treatment that nourishes the hair follicle for improved growth conditions.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.916527
Retrieved Text: Curry leaves revives the damaged hair follicles as they consist of essential nutrients that completely rejuvenates your hair follicles and increases hormones cells in your hair. Curry leaves are rich in Vitamin and it is always excellent to develop hair root and make it strong.... Curry leaves have a special place in every Indian kitchen due to their nutritious nature. But what many do not know is the usage of curry leaves for hair growth in hair tonics and as supplements.
Curry Leaves & Bhringraj Hair Oil Homemade Hair Oil � Curry Leaves has vital nutrients that especially works in restoring the strength of hair follicles. Each and every one are concerned about hair growth and proper nutrition for hair. We all could have come across many a forwarded messages regarding the importance of curry leaves which plays an important role on hair growth.
You can either use curry leaves as a hair tonic or drink curry leaves, or even make a hair oil out of it by blending it with some coconut oil. Its array of Vitamins and other essential nutrients make is a natural conditioning and nourishing agent for the hair, which helps prevent premature greying.
Hair tonic for promoting hair growth: Boil a handful of curry leaves in a small bowl of coconut oil. Once you find a black residue being formed, turn off the flame and let the mixture cool down.
Adding curry leaves to coconut oil helps to amplify the benefits of coconut oil for hair growth. Hibiscus in the above oil also helps to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.915035
Retrieved Text: Hair Growth Trial Set - Control hair loss and promoting hair growth within 7 days. Natural formulated hair growth products suitable for all hair type and control 60% hair loss problems. Testify BF1 Hair Growth results with our Hair Growth Trial Set.
Hair Growth Trial Set come with Hair Growth Shampoo Trial 150ml and Hair Growth Tonic Spray Trial 60ml.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.900244
Retrieved Text: Hair growth begins with the Anagen Phase, also known as the growth phase. This period lasts between two to six years. Hairs in the active growth phase are called Anagen or sometimes terminal hairs. Approximately 85% of scalp hairs are in the Anagen phase at any one time. In pattern alopecia, the anagen phase gets progressively shorter leading to a progressively finer hair. Follicles do not go away. They just produce a finer hair.
Known as the transitional phase, the Catagen Phase is the shortest of all the phases. During this phase, which lasts for a few weeks, the hair follicles begin to involute as they transition to the resting or telogen phase. There is a decline in hair cell division and the root shrinks to a third of its Anagen size. The follicle actually moves upward in the dermis and the hair begins to change to a club hair which will eventually shed as it enters telogen.
Known as the resting phase, the Telogen Phase lasts for about 3-4 months. About 15% of hairs on the scalp are in this phase. Hairs are shed from their resting follicles at this time. About 25-100 hair shafts in the Telogen phase are shed each day. In some cases, for example, after delivery of a baby, more hairs may enter the telogen phase. In some cases, 30% of the follicles are in the telogen phase leading to a significant shedding known as Telogen Effluvium. These hairs will regrow and are not lost forever.
What about hair growth cycles in other body

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.900123
Retrieved Text: iGrow has been medically proven and is an ideal remedy for hair loss and works on both men and women. You could have thick, lustrous hair and also hair growth by up to 35% with iGrow.
Order iGrow Hair Growth Device Today and Get Free Shipping! Ready, Set, Grow!
The clinically proven hair growth system functions to energize activity within the follicle, and promote the expansion of thick, full as well as healthier-looking hair.
The iGrow laser hair growth gadget delivers scientific results in the convenience of your personal home. See the outcomes of other clients making use of a cutting-edge hands-free laser hair restoration system!
There are countless of hair growth solutions that could assiston the market today. Some well known treatments consist of an all-natural diet plan, Biotin hair growth, Rogaine, Procerin, Provillus, and also now laser hair growth and hair replacement.
In order to achieve longer hair growth it is also important to eat healthier foods. Also you will want to use special shampoos and conditioners. Then by additionally using iGrow you can quicken the process.
Did you know that loss of hair has affected countless individuals in the United States alone? Most of them are not utilizing hair loss therapies consisting of laser as well as other hair loss therapies. In almost all the cases loss of hair might have be prevented if hair therapies were implemented earlier.
The iGrow head gear is hands free as well as uses low-level light therapy you can do in home. Watch television, read a book or chat on your phone as you

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.899971
Retrieved Text: Josh Rosebrook luxurious, moisturizing shampoo formulated for All Hair Textures with Normal to Dryhair and scalp conditions. Aloe vera, gentle natural cleansers and potent herbal infusions work in perfect harmony to effectively remove impurities and excess oil. Rich plant oils and distinct herbal infusions create potent synergy to treat scalp conditions, retain hair moisture, soften and add shine while stimulating follicle circulation to increase flow of nourishment, encouraging strong, continued hair growth.
Ingredients : *Aloe Vera Leaf Juice, Water, *Black Soap, Saponified Coconut oil, *Camelina Oil, *Hemp Seed Oil, *Jojoba Oil, *Coconut Oil, *Grape Seed Oil, *Evening Primrose Oil, *Almond Oil, *Calendula, *Nettle, *Catnip, *Alfalfa, *Rose Hips, *Flax, *Dandelion, *Rosemary, *Linden flowers, *Burdock, *Horsetail, *Sage, *Chamomile, *Ginseng, *Oregano, *Thyme, *Lavender, *Peppermint, *Goldenseal, *Cinnamon, *Cayenne, §Xanthan Gum, §Potassium Sorbate, †Lavender Essential Oil, †Orange Essential Oil, †Rosemary Essential Oil, †Ylang Ylang Essential Oil.
African Black Soap detoxifies, gently cleanses, moisturizes hair and scalp, calms scalp.
Nettles encourage hair growth, slows hair thinning, stimulates scalp and follicle circulation.
Sage adds shine, strengthens hair, promotes hair growth.
Peppermint stimulates hair growth, conditions scalp, increases scalp and follicle circulation.
Ginseng stimulates scalp and follicle circulation, encourages hair growth, reduces thinning.
Thyme stimulates growth, strengthens growth, reduces hair loss, treats dry scalp, treats dandruff.
Camelina Seed Oil moisturizes, adds shine, strengthens hair growth, protects hair and scalp.
Coconut oil encourages elasticity, moisturizes, protects, adds shine, encourages hair growth.
Grape Seed oil moisturizes, encourages elasticity, adds shine, softens hair.
Calendula treats dandruff, treats scalp conditions, promotes hair growth.
Linden Flowers calm scalp, treat dry scalp, soothe and protect scalp.
Dandelion detoxifies, treats dry scalp.
Catnip soothes, heals

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.899786
Retrieved Text: Hair growth is now a days a top most priority for everyone. The current age and stage of stress along with harmful pollution in the surrounding has led to a lot of hair damaging. Be it of any age group people, everyone wants to have a good volume of hair. Fruits are always been considered as a good source of vitamins and fibre. Fruits that help in hair growth do so by making scalp and hair roots grow strong. This ensures a proper blood circulation in the scalp that in turn helps in healthy and natural hair growth!
Don’t you know which fruit is good for hair growth? There are so many natural fruits for hair growth. Fruits and vegetables are definitely helpful to growth of hair. Below are few fruits names which are not only beneficial to our health but are also good for hair growth.
Drinking pomegranate juice helps in strengthening hair follicles. Hair loss can be also prevented by using pomegranate extract. Pomegranate seed oil is used in many spas for hair massage. It stimulates hair growth making hair stronger, thick and healthy. One of the other important benefits of pomegranate is that it helps in combating other hair loss problems such as dandruff, itching etc.
The best way to use pomegranate juice for hair growth is by consuming it in its raw or juice form.
Another great way is to take pomegranate seed oil in the quantity suitable for your hair length. Massage it on to your scalp generously and then leave it for a few

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.879678
Retrieved Text: During normal hair growth stages each hair follicle follows a specific life cycle. The first is a long period of growth. The second phase is short period of ‘rest’. During this rest period your hair is still attached to the hair follicle, but it is not growing. After the resting phase the hair is shed and a newer hair begins to grow, starting a new hair growth cycle. Anagen Phase – Hair grows at about 1/2″ per month for 2 to 3 years. 80 to 90% of all hair on the scalp is in the stage. Catagen Phase – This is the 2nd phase of hair growth. In this phase the bulb of the hair follicle detaches from the blood supply and growing is slowed. Telogen Phase – Finally, the stage of zero growth, the hair is at rest. The hair is shed after a few months and new hair will grow. If any of these stages become abnormal then your hair will not grow properly.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.876789
Retrieved Text: The fluid sort of system solid in cleaning the sebum and arranging hair growth are the hair growth shampoo. Filtering shampoos helps in cleaning the sebum make in the scalps which cause psoriasis. It is a hair growth shampoo which is all around called bio segregating shampoo. This is utilized by the patients who have under gone hair transplant or hair changing strong structure for keeping up a key package from scalps and sebum.
As concentrated before the central driver of hair loss and perplexity of hair instinctual nature is a focal certain conceivable yielded conceded result of the whole growth of Di-hydro testosterone (DHT). It is sensibly known as crushing to DHT shampoo. Hair loss shampoo and conditioner joined thing from Hair regrowth Conditioner which has trichogen matter satisfying in hair follicle attestation.
Minoxidil with dht blockers is another blend of hair growth shampoos and conditioner and it is considered as striking among other shampoo. It doesn’t contain encompassed substances like sodium chloride which is sensibly utilized by every single other maker to make the frothing in shampoo which later on is savage on follicles. DHTblocking minoxidil in like course keeps up a key piece from the use of propylene glycol and sham shading official.
The above thing in a general sense utilizes supplement and sustenance remove as settling. It utilizes refined water and beating to sebum and against DHT things. Shampoos are in like course open for speedier hair growth. Folica a hair shampoo maker exhibited shampoos for speedier hair growth. Fabao is a brand of shampoo

================



======= Instance Index 77 =========
Input Text: The word "need" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: I need him to be nice.
Sentence 2: I needed him to go.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.659945
Retrieved Text: I told him. I told him how I felt. Over text, I know very 7th grade. He was nice, he was so nice. He was eloquent and sensitive. He wants us to be friends. He wants me to have a great summer. He was so nice. That’s all I can think about how nice he was. It was almost shocking how nice he was. I didn’t know people could be that nice when telling you something that you… just don’t want to hear. I watched the breakfast club it’s my go to for sadness (or happiness, or nervousness, or excitement, ect). Right now I want to write poetry on my type writer, but I can’t because I need more ribbon. I feel a little frazzled but I’m okay. I’m glad I told him. I’m okay. If I say it enough it might be true.
Girl, I’ve been there and I want you to know that you did a very brave thing. And you will be okay. It’s not the fairytale outcome we all hope for but I’m proud of you for going after what you wanted. Give it some time and don’t be hard on yourself. Journal, Breakfast Club out, and treat yourself to a pedicure.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.828284
Retrieved Text: Carrie's in Paris with her boyfriend and begins to wonder if she made the right decision to move away with this man who, deep down inside, she know's doesn't want the same type of life and relationship she does.
As she makes this realization, her ex, “Big", has flown to Paris from New York looking to reconcile with his lost love after realizing his undying love for Carrie.
I need you to think about one of the first things I recognized about women way back in junior high - it's something I still see it today in our “grown-up" dating world.
1. What is it about “bad boys" or men that aren't “available" that is attractive to women? And to you?
2. Have you ever dated a guy even though you knew he was a “bad boy" - or found out soon into things?
3. Is there a “nice guy" in your life who would make a great companion but you're not attracted to or share a “connection" with?
So.... I'm gonna address the last question first about “nice guys".
“...Do Women Date Naughty Guys but Marry Nice Ones?"
My friend who sent it to me disagrees with the idea that women seek out “bad boys" because they need somewhere to project their guilty lust, and I agree.
My friend also made the point that the “mainstream" psychology and behavior world is starting to accept the idea that women are attracted to “bad boys".
There's something to the idea that woman don't feel that powerful GUT LEVEL ATTRACTION for “nice guys" who chase after them, dote

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.723389
Retrieved Text: January Jones admitted to have been eating her placenta in capsule form since giving birth to a son.
"If I felt like he needed me, or if he needed to eat, or even if I just needed a squeeze because I was having separation issues, I would go back and see him. It was such a blessing that I wasn't separated from him," she added.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.695371
Retrieved Text: Medilodge of Yale - Yale, MI has yet not published prices.
My ex-husband is here, he has a brain injury and had surgery that left him with short term memory loss. I like yale Medilodge, it's nice because they do take people that are on the medicaid. He has the medicaid and social security/disability and they'll take him, not many places will. From what I see, they're taking very good care of him, I saw activities there that he could do if he wanted to, I saw singing, they have lots of different activities. It's mroe of a nursing home care for people that need more of that.
They're pretty nice and they're in a rural area there, it's working out okay, they seem to be very well staffed.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.686562
Retrieved Text: I have many memories of my childhood, but the clearest to me is a memory of myself as a little bruised-knee girl learning to ride my bike. I called her lightning. She was a beautiful purple bike with shiny chrome handlebars and streamers that flew in the wind. On that bike I was free, untouchable, and I could fly. I was never happier than when I was on that bike until I saw her.
I watched in admiration and awe as I saw my cousin ride her bike WITH NO TRAINING WHEELS. The race was on. I HAD to learn to ride like that. My Dad agreed to help me. The next Saturday, we headed to the front yard. Round and round and round he pushed me on that bike, carefully balancing me while I peddled. He kept asking if I was ready for him to let go, but I was scared and always screamed no. I didn’t want to fall. I just wasn’t ready. So I peddled on. We continued, well into the afternoon. Him running and holding the back of my bike, and me terrified of falling, but feverishly wishing I could ride alone. And then it happened. I rode down the driveway, for the hundredth time and I heard him yell-“see you’re doing it, you’re doing it!!!!!” I looked back over my shoulder and saw him smiling in the distance. He had let go of me.
I should have been excited, I should have been thrilled, I was finally doing it But, I wasn’t. I

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.625807
Retrieved Text: Nice mommies rock and nurse their babies to sleep however long it takes howeve many times it takes. Nice mommies carry their babies all day long. Nice mommies set aside whatever else needs to be done in order to play with their babies when baby wants to. Nice mommies don't let their babies cry.
Please tell me I'm not the only mommy for whom this concept is a cruel dictator. As I write this my 3-month-old is writhing and grinding his gums in frustration in my ego on my back. I know, nice mommies don't put such young babies on their backs. I just thought I'd try because he hates the front and I desperately need to do some work around the house, and nothing else is satisfying him right now. My back is killing me. Nice mommies don't mind back pain.
He's overtired because he hasn't had a good nap today because all the nursing and rocking and soothing that nice mommies do is only effective in getting him to sleep, at best, but won't keep him asleep. Nice mommies sit in a rocker and soothe their babies as long as they need for their babies to get a full nap, apparently.
Nice mommies don't worry about the dishes. Their families can eat on styrofoam if they need to. Nice mommies don't cook--their families can live off fishie crackers. Nice mommies don't clean--someone might need those fishy crackers under the couch while the nice mommy is sitting in the rocker. Nice mommies don't do laundry--who says clothes need

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.5318775
Retrieved Text: There are 668 top-rated Auto Shops in your area and 3.1K to avoid.
STS-WTC Tire and Auto Ctr get you out when they say they'll get you out, they always give you a call, and seem to be respectful of your time. The demeanor of the staff is really nice, you don't feel like you're being taken advantage of, and they don't suggest to do unnecessary work. They are very respectful of people, have good customer service, and you feel very comfortable bringing your car there to them.
I have been using him for years. His prices are great and he's a real mechanic. He lives and breaths this stuff. He is a real nice honest guy and does excellent work. I can't say enough good things about him.
He is a very honest man. If I go some place to get my tires rotated and they tell me that I need brakes and other things done, so I say thank you very much for your help. I go down to Dominick���s and tell him that and he will check them out and tell me that maybe the car needs two more oil changes before I get the brakes done. The other guys who work there are nice, courteous and helpful. Unless it is something crazy, I have never had to bring it back with a problem from what he did. It usually is a one day turnover, unless it is something big.
They have been very reliable for me. I have used them for 5 or 6 years now

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.502988
Retrieved Text: Would you look at what harpo done here.
Sofia, this here is shug avery.
Nice to meet you, ma'am.
But everybody call him buster.
Where your chirren at, sofia?
She need to be at home.
I come to hear miss shug sing.
A woman need to have some fun.
(to celie)ain't that right, miss celie?
Out in the juke at night.
You know i got six chirren now.
Life don't stop just 'cuz you leave home.
Ain't that right, miss celie?
C'mon, buster, let's find a seat.
They cross to the dance floor.
Well, that's first time i ever been knocked down without throwin' a punch!
Harpo. Be nice. Be nice.
She best to leave you alone!
Baby, you don't have to go nowhere.
Hell, this is your damn house!
What do you mean this is her house?!
You said it was our house.
Dancin' with his own wife?
Not if he my man, and not if he love me.
No, not if he my man he can't.
Ain't but one house, tell me whose is it?
Ain't but one house, better keep him in it!
You ain't nothin' but a big old heifer.
Like i said, fine with me.
Squeak slaps sophia across the head.
Sophia decks squeak with one punch.
I don't allow no fightin' in here, sofia.
She slap me, everybody see that.
And you go and knock her out like she a man.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.48661
Retrieved Text: The wife took the boys out to eat and shopping today after school. When I got home from work I learned I had the evening to myself. So I hooked up the jon boat and went fishing. I've been wanting to do some crappie fishing but haven't had any free time. I got into a nice school right off the bat. Most were 11-12 inches. But check this one out. I didn't have a scale but she measured 15-1/2" long. Needless to say crappie is for dinner tomorrow night!
Nice! Crappies make for good eating, I prefer them over bluegills.
Nice'n, Russ! However, "ya'll.." need to call them SPECKS, like we do here in the south. Sounds more appealing than CRAPPIE....think about it LOL.
Nice fish good eating size.
What time are you cooking? ??
nice fish. some of my favorite ice fishing trips were for jumbos like that one. the lake is now fished out because the paper advertised how good that lake was.
When I hooked him and was reeling him in I thought to myself, "this has to be a bass" because it pulled so much harder than the other crappie I had already caught. Plus it was pulling some drag. Then it came by the boat in that clear water and I was like, "whoa check this thing out!" I've caught bigger ones but its been a long time. This is probably a top fiver for me.
Congrats on some great fishing time.
Nice crappie...Sometimes it's nice to get on the water by yourself and clear the mind and just

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.430458
Retrieved Text: I am a quality woman who is confident, honest, kind, smart, fun, trustworthy, supportive, loving, loves kids, outgoing, down to earth, friendly, great sense of humor, sociable, respectful. I have so much positive energy and I need somebody to share it with. I am always ready to help someone who is in trouble...Nice lady with the sense of humor.
I want to have a man who I can rely on and trust. I would like him to be generous and sincere. I need a man who is able to make my life better , and of course I will do the same for him.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.414463
Retrieved Text: I spent some quality time with the family today. We cleaned and organized our garage. It has been needing it for a very long time (too long). We purged a lot of stuff and now are hoping that the trash men will pick it up next week! Also, got some stuff to put in my parent's garage sale on the 30th. While doing that, we had an unexpected visitor! Jeff's dad was in Brazil and decided to come by our house before heading home to Ohio. That was a nice surprise. It was nice to talk to him and see him again.
Jaden got his hair cut yesterday and it makes him look like such a big boy! Everytime I get his haircut short he looks so much older. I really don't know which way I like it best. He has beautiful hair, so I like to let it grow out some. It is also kind of curly now! So cute!
Not many plans for the rest of the week. Jaden will be spending the day with his Grandma tomorrow. It will be nice to have some time with Cassidy.
We need to clean out our garage too! Maybe your post will get me motivated to do just that. You have a very cute little boy.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.402398
Retrieved Text: I have really good experience.. i had 2 surgery with him... i trust him..n i love the way he treat patients...thanks 4 everything doct!!
Dr Widder and staff were excellent in provider care. I am very pleased with my tummy tuck and have referred other friends to him for the same procedure.
I was lucky enough to be referred to Dr. Widder by one of his previous patient. I came in and met him and realize why was the reason he has so many patients and excellent reviews. In my first visit, I decided right there to book for my surgery. I am so happy with my results and I am glad I did it.
I went to four doctors before I picked Dr. Wider and I am glad I did it because he is the only one that told me I had a hernia that needed to be fix. Dr. Wider is nice and caring and if I need anything else, this is the place I would go to again. I highly recommend Dr. Wider. Believe me you won't be disappointment. All the staff was nice and helpful.
My experience was very welcoming and so wonderful. The staff is incredible. They care to your needs and always there for me. Dr. Wider is awesome! He is very patient and answers all of my questions and concerns. He is amazing!
Dr. Widder help me with my Tummy Tuck, before my surgery he had all the answers for my concerns and that give me confident to let him and his crew take

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.393874
Retrieved Text: Today Salty invited me to go up with him in his 172 to Lancaster, PA for breakfast. On top of having a really nice -8, his 172 is the nicest 172 I have ever been in. After the flight I hung out with him as he changed his oil in his -8 and got a lot of insight into the firewall forward on a RV. Lots of ideas that I will put into my plane will of come from Salty's -8('s).
When I got back I had a bunch of stuff to do around the house. Now, the stuff didn't NEED to be done, but I am trying to bang out all of my projects around the house as soon as possible so I can have multiple weekends to work on the plane. Plus, it was in the 60's today, which is damn nice for this time of year around here. It was nice to enjoy it outside.
These are the deluxe fuel caps, with locks. The option when ordering these things is with or without locks. I was concerned that the locked version was self locking and I would need to always have keys on me. A quick email to Brad Oliver, RV-7 builder from California, confirmed that the locked version needs the key to be turned to lock them. This is a quality product that puts the Van's caps to shame. Only problem with them is they are pricey -- $105 each. However, you cannot retrofit tanks with the old caps with the new one.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.376849
Retrieved Text: The Bears had a very average draft. They addressed some needs and not others while making sure that they got decent value for all their picks.
Needs to Produce: Shea McClellin DE, Boise St. McClellin is a good prospect and many had him being rated about where the Bears chose him. McClellin, however, will need to produce often for this pick to be seen as a success. Many had projected him as more of a 3-4 OLB but the Bears will be using him as a 4-3 DE. He will need to add a little bulk and make sure he can still play at a high level. Lots of scouts believe he has a lower ceiling than some of the other DE prospects (see Chandler Jones and Whitney Mercilus) but if McClellin has a higher floor as well it is sometimes better to take the safe pick. McCellin will end up as a very hard working LDE for the Bears.
Under the Radar Values: They really didn’t get any nice under the radar value picks. In fact they didn’t get any great value on any of their picks, they were either properly taken or a reach. The Bears will hope Alshon Jeffrey can turn into a nice #2 WR to start alongside newly acquired WR Brandon Marshall. Other than that there isn’t much to say.
Huh?: Brandon Hardin S, Oregon St. Hardin was thought to be a 4th/5th round pick and the Bears picking him in the 3rd is a bit of a surprise. Couple that with the fact

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.360322
Retrieved Text: My Creative Space is clear this week because I've actually managed to finish something that I started!
I set out to knit a toy (freestyle) and finished it too. To see more pics click here.
Oh, that's fanastic! And obviously the little one is a fan!
Very cute! Looks like he'll be much loved too!
I thought you said in your last post Joe was too young to play with him!! I love the idea of him being flat with the fabric back - I think Joe does too! Nice to see cute boys knitted toys.
You have one up on me, I can't knit! very cute.
So cute and looks like it will be well loved.
I love the bear. You need to write up the pattern.
Oh Rie! Your little boy loves your bear. That is awesome. Great stuff.
Oh very nice! It's loved already!
Very cute! The freestyle creations always turn out the best don't they!
Awww, somebody loves their teddy, too cute!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.340945
Retrieved Text: JOSE MOURINHO says he is to blame for Eden Hazard's protracted contract talks.
The Portuguese manager claims his lack of a nice pen is the only thing preventing the Blues from securing the winger's signature.
Stamford Bridge officials and Hazard's representatives have been locked in talks over a new deal for several months but they have yet to formally agree terms.
The Belgian's current deal runs to 2017 but Chelsea want to tie him down to a new five-year-deal with reported wages of £200,000-a-week.
The ongoing delay has worried Blues fans with PSG known admirers of the 24-year-old who want to bring him back to France.
But Mourinho insists there is nothing to be concerned about and offered an explanation.
"I am buying a nice pen," Mourinho said.
"I need a bit of time to go to Sloane Street and buy a proper pen.
"I just need time to buy the pen and after that I think there is not a long time to go!"

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.266326
Retrieved Text: She’s dong something and I need to check out what!
So today just when I was having some nice cuddling with granny my momi when’t out and starting making strange noises. Even doe it was were cosy in the blanket I decided to check it out. I barked at the door until it opened (it is always so slow!) And then there was a strange forest my place :O Momi was putting them all over the stairs. I can’t see outside but it smells nice, good work momi!!
And then I notice my favorite neighbor was out! I love him. So I bark as crazy whenever I see him and then he always runs away, sometime upwards on too my roof. I have tried to follow but I can’t climb trees or run upon the walls. But it was so nice seeing him!
And now I have checkout the neighborhood, and everything looks good. Time for some cuddling!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.244788
Retrieved Text: TV host Piers Morgan has hit back after receiving a death threat from a 'Doncaster' Twitter user.
The controversial and outspoken presenter, known for his social media spats, blasted back after a Doncaster-based user tweeted him to say: "I will put a knife through your throat next time I see you."
The Good Morning Britain host, who has regularly clashed with the likes of football host Gary Lineker and Lord Sugar on Twitter, wrote back: "Awww, shucks. Just as well Doncaster isn't on my 'to-do' travel list!"
The tweet, from a user called Joe Lovell, which was later deleted, said: "I honestly couldn't think of someone more simple than you @piersmorgan. I will put a knife through your throat next time I see you. I am yob!"
Several supporters of Morgan rushed to defend the star, with user Dave Mead writing: "Nice! You can disagree with someone without threatening to kill them or troll them on Twitter! I don’t always agree with Piers but he’s entitled to his opinions and to express / voice them! Never seen him threaten someone that disagrees with him tho."
Sarah Salter‏ wrote: "You may be a plank at times but making threatening comments like that no need."
Andrew Swain‏ posted: "What a nice man he seems," while Paul Hayes‏ added: "They aren't very nice."
One user, Phil, saw the funny side of the exchange and wrote: "That’s foreplay in Donny. He’s clearly attracted to you."
Peterbarrywex‏ wrote: "I think he likes you piers."
And Garry Dickson‏ added: "Be careful slagging off Donny - half the England team are from

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.237457
Retrieved Text: It looks like the premium status is lost again.
Paid for it months ago but no more access after payment.
Here the same. Satlover where are you?
I've sended a message to satlover to check it out, you can always resent a message to him, have a nice day.
Can you message him please?
Still nothing ... this is not right!
Almost 6 months gone and still no answer!
Only satlover is in charge of servers so don't blame me or other staff members! Did you sent mail to [email protected]? Resent him a mail with your payment info. I'll forward your message to. Have a nice day.
Runmo i did mail him and send pm with all info.
Once again I'm not responsible for servers, how many times must I repeat? Anyway I send him mail again myself. You need to send mail to satlover with your payment details so that he can check. Pm won't help at all. No need to reply here again or send info to me, this was my final reply. Thank you.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.226925
Retrieved Text: Summa Health Medical Group – Obstetrics and Gyneco (Barberton) - Book Appointment Online!
He is a great doctor and very nice man. Totally made me laugh and remembered me from 3 years ago. Was upset I hadn't seen him in so long till I reminded him of my surgery back then that I didn't have to see him after that. Great personality and the staff is well informed and very kind as well. I recommend him to any women who need a good doctor.
I am a new patient of Dr. Ballas and was pretty nervous about my first appointment, but he and his staff were very nice and comforting and made the experience easier. I would highly recommend him! He shows that he really cares and takes his time to explain everything!
My first visit with her and she left a great impression!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.124143
Retrieved Text: Best Podiatrists in Greenway Hills, VA with Verified Reviews – Book Online!
Need to make a podiatrist appointment this week? Use Zocdoc to find podiatrists in Greenway Hills who take your insurance. It’s simple, secure and free.
I have been using him for years. He is excellent.
He is really gentle and nice. I saw few reviews on the internet and it was right. He explain everything and easy to understand. I honestly recommend him highly and staffs also nice too!!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.115613
Retrieved Text: This is why the cardinals can’t have nice things.
No no no no, the Cardinals NEVER get to say “this is why we cant have nice things” – seemingly every name prospect you have somehow makes the bigs, all your big FA signings always pan out, you win titles pretty often and honestly, there isn’t a franchise who’s had more prospect luck than STL over the last 100 years.
I will NOT see anyone who supports the superpowers of MLB crying poor, ever. Yankees & Cardinals are the most privileged teams in the game – you get ALL the nice things!
The Cardinals have done so without spending big, without tanking, and without being overly loved by the national media.
No they’re definitely overly loved by the media.
Please move on from the pagan angel. Though his presumed fan section in Section 666 of SunTrust will be disappointed.
I don’t wanna see him in a Braves uni, but if he was smart he’d take their deal.
Adams in the outfield is silly. He’s a nice bat off the bench for his salary. Get him some AB’s against righties and just let him be what he is.
How do you do that with Matt Carpenter firmly planted at 1B and Gyorko off the bench to play anywhere in the INF? Adams needs the flexibility to play LF or the Cardinals don’t have much need for him. All the other players in STL are flexible to move. He’s stagnant.
Michael Morse roaming the outfields of the NL West is exciting…for every team besides the Giants.
As a Giants

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.112316
Retrieved Text: I am a fourteen year old female who lives with a single father and a younger ten year old brother. My father has been evaluated psychologically and has protracted identity issues, adjustment difficulties, and it takes him longer than most to comprehend things. He is fifty six years old and is still trying to find himself in the same sense as an adolescent boy.
In public, my father has always stopped and stared at every young female that goes by him (sometimes I recognize them as my very own peers). In the car he goes out of his way to eye down women walking down the street. In stores, my father sometimes stares for a long time at posters or magazines of females. The other night I was in the living room and he came in and turned on the television, he started watching a show with woman in bikinis posing sexually, I stomped out of the room in disgust and he said “come on Amber, let me look at this”. I have recently caught my father masturbating one night when I went downstairs to get a drink.
Whenever I wear a shirt that is a bit low cut or tight, my father stairs at my breast. Sometimes he scoffs, “are your breasts really that big?”. I get annoyed sometimes when I am talking to him and he is staring at my chest like that. This makes me uncomfortable. A lot of times he will tell me “those pants really look nice on you” or “I am really

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.1104
Retrieved Text: He's my favorite, and I couldn't help myself.
Of course! At present I do not have a Twitter (I need to get on that). I use my enjin for most of my art. The direct link to the post is here: https://tinyurl.com/yb4e7unq .
Edit: It's also on facebook if you choose to go that route.
Thanks, will post it on twitter, FB and tumblr!
Ahhh! Thank you so much >///////< This is the best day ever!
Very nice! What did you paint him with?
Also: I feel like I need to get my fan art on, now.
I painted him with Photoshop CC, and a really old Bamboo fun tablet.
And get your fanart on! Everyone should be making art of hot snakes!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.106612
Retrieved Text: These are words my great grandfather, Isaac Hiram Parkman, wrote. He was called “Papa Nice” or “Uncle Hi” by family and “Hi” by his friends. I called him “Papa Nice”. I did not find out why he was called that until after his death. I never thought to ask.
Isaac H. Parkman had one published book that I know of. It was about the history of the canal system in Buckeye, Arizona. Papa Nice also wrote poems and short stories about life during the late 1800’s and early 1900’s. He made scrapbooks of his writings.
I am lucky to own one of those scrapbooks. The scrapbooks are decorated with cutout photos from magazines, old greeting cards, etc. Papa Nice used whatever he had. He made these scrapbooks even when he was in his late 80’s and early 90’s. He lived to be 93.
Papa Nice spoke of sparing the public from his verse. It appears that he wrote for his own pleasure. I find his writing very interesting, especially for the historical and genealogical value. I read his poems periodically to remind myself of how life has changed in such a short period of time.
What really interests me is that he mentions verses that kept coming to him in his thoughts. These words would not go away until he did something with them. The words came as he was driving his car after a day of play with his family. Sometimes we get inspired at the strangest times. So when he got home he wrote the words down. He

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.103849
Retrieved Text: I am the administrative head of the transfer department of our company. Recently there had been a request from one of our employees to transfer him to his desired location. But there is not much need of him rather he is needed in some other branch of ours. Where should I transfer him?
Re: Should I transfer an employee to his desired location?
Dear,tell the problem to the employee that he is being needed somewhere else and he can dispatch his experience in the other branch where he is highly needed.
And thus you can't transfer him in the location requested by him.
yes you should transfer him to his desired location. It might be his personal reasons he is asking for that until he was working at your current location, as he got the opportunity so he is asking for it.
yes you can also inform that that work he is doing here will not get there as work is low as compare to here and it also does not suits your current work.
then again ask to him his wish to transfer if he says yes then go for it and transfer him.
Here comes a comparison type situation. On one hand , a employee want to have his desired location and you should let him go because if you will not allow him he will get demotivated and his capability of producing result will be less and on another hand you are saying that there is not much need of him.
So one thing I want to say that If there

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.101914
Retrieved Text: So much has happened since you became ill and left me, and last summer T broke. Completely. He slipped further and further away from me and into his own reality. A reality so far from mine that I had such a hard time grasping it. He became more and more afraid of the world, and he became afraid of me, too. It all culminated the night he went to the kitchen and got a knife. He was just sitting there holding it in his hand and stared into the darkness, he was so afraid. I was afraid, too, but I didn’t dare to do or say anything. I didn’t dare calling for help either. T was so far away, and I was afraid of what would happen, if someone came to our house. After what felt like hours, he finally put the knife down and fell asleep. I was too afraid to sleep. At 9 am I called the psychiatrist he had an appointment with three months later. I explained to her what was going on. ”He needs to be admitted immediately”, she said. I needed to take him to the psychiatric emergency room. The day before he had been against getting help, but luckily now he was so exhausted that he just came along. I really wanted to take a taxi, but it was important to me not to make it dramatic, so we took the bus.
They were expecting us at the emergency room. The psychiatrist had called ahead and told them we were coming.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.092684
Retrieved Text: Ting and I have very different training philosophies. I think training should only be done to the extent the skills taught benefit Shio in real life situations; I am not into tricks. Ting, on the other hand, is an obsessive trainer (and that is why she rightly should take almost all credit for Shio's good behavior) -- she will try to teach Shio as much as possible.
Recently, Ting started to teach Shio how to jump on command. When she told me she was going to do this, I immediately said: "Well that doesn't really count as a life skill now, does it?" My sly remark was ignored and she trained Shio to jump on command pretty much in 2 days.
Shio is now jumping up and down and on people way more often than he used to -- so much that Ting is completely annoyed with him.
Shio has always been pretty good about telling us he needed to go outside for potty break. He would go to the door and scratch at it to let us know he needed to go. We decided to buy him a bell that sits on the floor so that he can press it and let us know he needed to go out vs. having to scratch the door. Being a smart Shiba, Shio mastered the art of ringing the bell in ~2 days as well.
Shio now rings the bell whenever he is bored, knowing we would take him outside -- even if only for a quick walk around the block, driving

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.0577965
Retrieved Text: Best of Long Island and Central Florida: MM- Happy Birthday MAX!
Happy Birthday to you Max !!! I can see you have a favorite "toy" to rest your paw on. This is one of Chase's favorites. I wish you a great day. Just know you will be spoiled, and you sure deserve to be. Many more Happy ones to you. Wish I could give you a birthday rub in person. You are a gem, and enjoy seeing you every Monday.
Today is actually his birthday. We got a text from the Vet's wishing him a Happy Birthday- wasn't that so nice!
So nice that the Vet sent him a Text. Now you will have to get him his own phone so he can receive his messages. :-). I hope he got a birthday walk on the beach. BTW......Chase sends lots of birthday sniffs. Happy Barkday from Chase.
We both wish! It's summer and he's not allowed on the beach! I could get him there real early- like 6 am but like you I can't get him in and out of the truck.
Chase will be there as fast as his limping legs can go.
We are so lucky to have him, when I need love I can always depend on Max.
Happy 4th Birthday Max. Luchia sends you lots of licks/kisses for your Birthday. We love you lots.
Linda I feel our fur babies show and give us more Love then our humans do.Its unconditional too..
Thanks Cyndy and the girls!
Max and I thank you for the birthday wishes! I never heard of a schapso.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.035685
Retrieved Text: Nice, just a suggestion... wont it be a good idea to also have a leader board on the number of matches won? And a display on a separate portal.
K Its a good idea but i need to have a separate file in the config. No Worries i will do that!! Feel Free to post your suggestions.
Ill ask Xenith to get the really old records from 2006 and prior to that as well as the hall of fame it will be cool.
K cool tell him to mail me plus i need to meet Xen very urgently, have to discuss something with him!!
Hmm k Sounds Fun K i will do that!!
Yeh he has been on steroids lately.... looks like he is back in form. Just a little cockier now.
The Leader Board might as well be called "Xone on top"

================



======= Instance Index 591 =========
Input Text: The word "create" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Create a poem.
Sentence 2: Create one a peer.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.675411
Retrieved Text: Students will create a scratch project using the narrative poem" Paul Revere's Ride" by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.
6. Determine what is a narrative poem and how is it similar to a short story?
Load Google Earth, and Scratch and onto computer(s).
Narrative Poems are poems that tell stories. There is a beginning, which introduces the background to the story, a middle, which tells the action of the event, and an end, which concludes and summarizes the story, all of the words of a short story.
Create short descriptive paragraph of what a Narrative Poem is.
Why does the speaker of the poem describe the Revere as an "impatient to mount and ride, booted and spurred, with a heavy stride?"
Read the following lines from the poem - what mood does the author create with these excerpts?
§ "A moment only he feels the spell of the lonely belfry and the dead"
§ "For suddenly all his thought are bent on a shadowy something far away where the river widens to meet the bay"
§ "A line of black that bends and floats on the rising tide, like a bridge of boats"
What does the speaker mean by the fate of a nation was riding that night?
What is the central message of this poem?
What is the primary task of Paul Revere (the main character) in the poem?
What was the author's purpose in writing this poem?
Students use notes and poem to create a Scratch reenactment of Paul Revere’s Ride.
Text of scratch project need to explain what a Narrative Poem is and should include stanzas of the poem.
Recognize variations

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.461924
Retrieved Text: What does the written word mean to you?
This is our visual poetry monthly competition for June 2017. The winner and any runners up will get their poem featured on our official social media accounts.
I've added an additional website/app below called notegraphy which seems to allow users to create nice text based images (not tried it myself).
Create a poem as an image.
- Don't use photos or artwork which are copyrighted by someone else.
- Ensure the text of the poem is large enough, clear and readable even on small devices like mobile phones.
- You agree by entering to let us post your image on our various social media accounts (Instagram etc.). You will be credited by username in the caption.
- Max two entries per person.
- Create an image with your poem text. This can be plain, or you can include image(s) or a background. Be creative.
- If it's a new poem, then post it on DU using "submit poem". Attach the image to your poem, selecting the "visual poem" option.
- Use the "Enter Competition" button on this thread, and select your visual poem.
NEED HELP MAKING AN IMAGE?
Why social media? It's a great way to reach a broader audience and get new people interested in poetry.
Submit the poem as normal on DU Poetry (My DU > Submit Poem), entering the text of the poem. Once the submission is complete, you will be on your poem's page. Click on the "Multimedia" button under your poem and choose "image", this will allow you to upload the image you have created. On

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.262844
Retrieved Text: Create a short film based on a poem.
This film was created by a team of six young film-makers in the North West of England as part of the innovative DMEX (Digital Media Exchange) programme. It is an animated interpretation of a poem by the recently appointed Poet Laureate, Carol Ann Duffy. The poem caused controversy and was withdrawn from the GCSE curriculum for its alleged glorification of knife crime.
Have someone read the poem aloud.
Tell the story of the poem in the film, using extracts from the poem on screen.
This requires the students to examine the poem in depth and create an interpretation of the work. This allows the student to get a better understanding of the poem by taking it beyond the written word and into something visual and active. By allowing them a free interpretation, it allows them to react to the poem in their own way.
You can then build on this in class as they explain why they chose to present the work that way.
Voicing an animated version builds confidence in speaking without needing to do it in front of an audience or camera.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.215408
Retrieved Text: Something is in the air this February: education! Making a blackout poem requires the writer to analyze a previously published piece of text, like a newspaper, and then manipulate it to create a poem. Join us to discover what a blackout poem is, and how to create one with your students using Makey Makey and Scratch!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.11559
Retrieved Text: Having your first graders dive into writing poetry can be a tricky thing, but it is so much fun if you really give them plenty of freedom! During poetry month it is nice to take a break from our very structured writing units and let loose with a little poetry! I created a writing poetry unit that helps young students do just that.
There are also poetry topic cards to help students brainstorm and poetry book templates to make a class book.
For each type of poem I went about teaching it by introducing that poem type and the structure that makes it that type of poem. Then I walk through a teacher example of each poem.
There is a typed teacher example for each poem type in case you don’t want to create one on the fly!
After I have shown how to create that type of poem, each student will get a graphic organizer to map out their poem. This allows me to walk around and guide as needed, but I really try to emphasize during our poetry unit that there are very few rules when it comes to poetry. This lets my students off the hook. It takes away their fear of writing and allows them to just go with it!
^^ This is a two page sensory poem that I just love!
Throughout the month of April I like to leave out all sorts of poetry sheets in a writing center for my students to complete during any down time we may have. They really get into it

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.979572
Retrieved Text: Young poets research an animal and use the information they gather to craft and illustrate a cinquain.
The cinquain, a five line, fixed-form poem that features one subject, is the focus of the third exercise in a series of ten poetry writing resources.
Young scholars create a poetry book. In this poetry lesson, students write a cinquain poem, name poem, haiku, limerick, and preposition poem.
In this writing a cinquain poem about rubber bands worksheet, students read the history of rubber bands and directions telling how to write a cinquain and write the five line poem. Students write 1 poem.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.938822
Retrieved Text: I have been writing poetry for over 16 years and enjoyed it thoroughly especially the look on someone's face when I create something just for them. You have the chance of experiencing that for yourself by ordering a personalised poem. The poem will be printed on pearlised thick white paper or you can choose from a selection which is advertised seperatly as this incurs an additional cost.
An A4 clip frame is included within the cost and Uk postage is free of charge also.
depending on the reason for the poem obviously some of the information listed above can be deemed irrelavent so be sure you have sent as much as is possible to make the poem as specific to the person or celebration as possible.
If you would like a poem for a special occasion, wedding, funeral, birthday etc then contact me. I can create from your own memories and information a special poem that will touch your heart and the hearts of those receiving or listening to it being read.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.924881
Retrieved Text: Lost for words or stuck for a speech?
Let Quirky Verses write you a special personalised poem today.
Making a speech at a special event can be a daunting task, especially if you are short of time to prepare.
I can offer you a personalised service, where I will write you a speech in the form of a poem, which will be memorable, funny, touching and special.
I can also write you a poem to deliver to a loved one as a beautiful printed gift.
No matter what the occasion, armed with a few facts and a handful of stories, I can create something truly unique for just £100.
Quirky Verses will create you the perfect poem for any occasion.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.912063
Retrieved Text: How can I see names of peer reviewers randomly assigned by Canvas?
I set up a peer review process in which Canvas randomly assigns who reviews whom. How can I see who is responsible for reviewing whom?
You should be seeing a Peer Reviews button over on the far right, after you go into the assignment in question, as shown in the third screen capture here: How do I automatically assign peer reviews for an assignment?
It may take up to one hour for Canvas to assign peer reviews.
If a student has not submitted the assignment or submits the assignment after the due date, the student will not automatically be assigned a peer review and you must manually assign one.
Also in this mix is the fact that you won't see any "action" until after the due date, as outlined here: How do I create a peer review assignment?
Thanks a lot! I appreciate you taking the time. This is very helpful.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.89152
Retrieved Text: In addition to a final research report, this project resulted in the development of a "Montana Teens in the Driver's Seat Guidebook," as a resource for Montana schools implementing educational campaigns on driving safety.
The objective of this project was to create a peer-to-peer driver’s safety program for high school students in Montana.
Teens in the Driver Seat, a Texas-based outreach program, is the nation’s first peer-to-peer driving safety program run by teens for teens. The program is based on the idea that teens will pay more attention to ideas that are presented by their peers than to those that come from adults. The peer-to-peer traffic safety campaign empowers high school students to create methods of outreach to their peers. The outreach campaign targets the most common risk factors for teen drivers, with greater emphasis on rural safety issues such as the dangers of talking/texting on a cell phone, driving at high speeds and not wearing a safety belt. The campaign uses delivery methods such as videos, pamphlets, flyers, and social media. The program has shown early success in improving awareness of the most dangerous risk factors for novice drivers. The Montana Department of Transportation was interested in evaluating the TDS program for possible implementation in Montana. This research project built upon the effective outreach effort in Texas. The project implemented a peer-to-peer driver’s safety program in Montana to determine if Montana may produce similar safety benefits as those in Texas. The research used a case–control experimental design across four Montana high schools that included one case and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.87349
Retrieved Text: I took inspiration from Carol Ann Duffy’s collection of poems entitled The World’s Wife (1999), and imitated her style of writing and wrote a poem that could easily have been included in the collection due to its subject matter and stylistic composition. I followed an (AABB) rhyme scheme and used six quatrains, ending the poem with a single line. I researched the negative, and terrifying stigmas and tales attached to leprosy, as well as the genuine facts surrounding the disease. I also researched treatment methods that can be dated from the Middle Ages to Ancient Egypt, and Ancient China, all of which I make reference to. By referencing all these myths, and treatments the boundaries of time and cultures are blurred, making it impossible to pin-point the specific time period that the speaker is currently living in. This can be seen as a form of anachronism – much like Shakespeare’s placement of a clock within his play Julius Caesar.
Hell A Place On Earth?
Much like the poem I did in the last post – I wrote three haiku poems and put them together to create just one poem. This one deals with the concept of heaven, purgatory, and hell.
I am not going to assume one knows what a haiku is. A haiku poem is a short traditional Japanese poem that consists of 17 syllables in total and is usually split into 3 sentences of 5, 7, and 5 syllables consecutively.
What I decided to do was write three haiku poems and then put them together to create one

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.823059
Retrieved Text: Learners examine visual qualities of art. In this visual qualities lesson, students work in groups to categorize the shiny characteristics of objects. Learners create a collage that shows their favorite shiny materials. Students identify and describe objects in paintings and use their imagination to create an art project.
In this armor worksheet, students answer short answer questions, multiple choice questions, draw, and more about armor they see at The Metropolitan Museum of Art. Students complete 4 activities.
Students create a Christmas poem. In this rhyming instructional activity, students call out rhyming words and use them to write a Christmas poem. Students can illustrate their poem or have this published in the school newspaper.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.763891
Retrieved Text: Students will create an engaging audio performance of an original poem or story.
I can record and share an original story or poem.
If you wish for your students to write a poem or story based on a specific topic, create an Idea (help) from scratch and make it visible on their homepage. If you’d prefer students choose a poem or story idea on their own, make the Storytellers and Poetry Slam groups visible on their homepage.
Guide students to the Idea or Group they will be posting from. Allow students time to write.
Prior to publishing, have students record their story or poem using the record feature underneath the textbox. Encourage them to try and captivate the reader/listener in the way they read their piece.
Publish! Have students share to your class Group and consider having them choose to share to a wider audience (like the Poetry Slam Group).
Have students choose a photo from photosforclass.com and create an original story or poem based on the visual. Don’t forget to record!
Use the Description area when creating an Idea to provide step-by-step instructions or links to instructional references (ie skill videos, visual aids, etc).
Use the audio tool to record instructions when creating an Idea. You can read the Idea and Idea Description text out loud so students can listen and replay them as needed.
Modify the lesson to include small groups and be sure to follow provided personalized accommodations based upon any student’s Individualized Education Plan (IEP).
Go Beyond Boring with Lit Response!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.700711
Retrieved Text: Want? Professor learning disabilities case studies Much can be a simple acrostic christmas poem holden caulfield the first lett concrete poems. Org/Classroom-Resources/Student-Interactives/Acrostic-Poems-30045. 221 likes fire emblem i ve reviewed several. Weegy; search.
Together to kill a fuller explanation of writing a igneous acrostic poem maxblog. How to write a bio poem, suitable for informational purposes sharp energy. Never say i'm sorry that. History - quotes and poetry is maths. Artists. Wordgames: nderstanding. Feb 07, b is more back to create a smile the courts of the wood'. Charm ebay italian lots wholesale president of the on motivation? Which helps you it out relevant corresponding letters of the cast performed.
Language arts and traits and traits and my attention away from i'm posting this is for kids ancient civilizations plantation life? So suddenly and create an acrostic poem in each other authors, teachers last library acrostic poems 4 letters as a sample acrostic poem. Poetrysoup. Feb 27 13: //www. Try a very fun and time poem. Focus on about biology, 2009 i'm sandra that technology is an acrostic love was in order to write an acrostic poem www. Lived once, writing example to. Its reception on it's fast and more about distance learning. proofread essay online recommendation: dinosaur to describe the.
Rhymezone poetry form that extract and my safe harbor is chilly the form. Org/Materials/Acrostic/ this poem is limited should be allowed to. Cinquains are poems - pdf-wwom6-apnwp-10 2/3 acrostic poems examples pdf freebies--acrostic poem is the drama video acrostic poem; word to create a powerpoint presentations on. They? Should

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.614428
Retrieved Text: Create a blackout poem and enter it into our contest!
Create a "blackout" poem by crossing out words on a book page and leaving behind only the ones that make up your poem. Book pages are available at the Information Desk, or you may use one of your own (make a photocopy of the page - don't tear it out!). Poems must be submitted to the Information Desk (or by using our online submission form at www.huntleylibrary.org/BOpoems) by April 30, 2019. One winner will be selected to receive an Amazon gift card, and will be contacted the first week of May. For grades 6-12.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.606893
Retrieved Text: I’m trying to use expo sdk 16.0.0, and I use npm create-react-native-app to create a test app. I followed https://blog.expo.io/expo-sdk-v16-0-0-is-now-available-2151d555a580 to update dependencies, here are my config files.
npm WARN lottie-react-native@1.1.1 requires a peer of react@>=15.3.1 but none was installed.
npm WARN react-native-maps@0.12.2 requires a peer of react@>=15.4.0 but none was installed.
npm WARN react-native-svg@4.4.1 requires a peer of react@>=15.4.0 but none was installed.
It looks like expo sdk 16 uses some old react native modules that requires react 15. How can I fix this? Thanks.
I’m not sure if this is the problem, but sometimes npm or yarn caches stuff and causes those sorts of warns to show for me when I make a bunch of npm updates. Maybe try deleting your node_modules, then clearing the cache(npm cache clean), then npm installing again.
I did clean npm cache and delete node_modules but it doesn’t fix the issue.
I did a yarn install instead and only got one warning this time. Not sure how to fix it though.
"react-native-gesture-handler@1.0.0-alpha.17" has incorrect peer dependency “react@>= 16.0.0”.
npm WARN react-native-branch@2.0.0-beta.3 requires a peer of react@>=15.4.0 but none was installed.
npm WARN react-native-gesture-handler@1.0.0-alpha.17 requires a peer of react@>= 16.0.0 but none was installed.
npm WARN eslint-plugin-react-native@3.1.0 requires a peer of eslint@^3.17.0 || ^4.0.0 but none was installed.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.602724
Retrieved Text: About a year ago, Microsoft quietly announced that they were developing a peer-to-peer networking protocol. This is not a file sharing program, mind you; it’s a network routing protocol. It’s called, unimaginatively, Windows Peer to Peer Networking. Since late March, I’ve been working on implementing this protocol. I’d like to create an interoperable library for use on other operating systems, such as Mac OS X and Linux, as well as Windows.
If we’re keeping score, i’m gonna bet on the computer labeled D…it’s the only one that’s not getting shot at, and it’s tagged both A and E???

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.570305
Retrieved Text: Beautiful poem, beautiful model! Looking gorgeous as always in the outfit Charlotte!
I love the poem and the outfit you are wearing!
Fantastic outfit, I love the combination of white with turquoise!
I like the poem so much! and the outfit is great!
I really love lil mermaid and creepy stuff so o really hope i win it.
Kindly please please please pick me. I really really reaaaaally love sweatershirts! Im crying, hoping that you'll pick me! Please give me a chance to win, I always join giveaways but, a woeful smile always forming in my lips. Hoping that I could be the one blessed winner of the Evil Mermaid Sweatershirts! About your blog? It's cool tho, I love the theme! Just wow! You created the poem? I do create poems too. I'm planning to create a blog just because I saw your blog, such an inspiration! Anyway, thanks for giving an opportunity, hoping I could win! October, please be good to me. - Alliah from the Philippines.
The poem is very motivational :) Thank you for sharing!
I love your poem and your outfilt looks wonderful.
Someone should weed those stairs before someone trips..
The flats go perfectly with the skirt length.
So beautiful love the clothes and the outdoors there so pretty too.
Lovely poem and outfit also.
I'm surprised all three pieces come from the same brand. You picked a great back drop for the shoot!
You look beautiful! What lipstick do you wear?
I like this green colour on you!!
Love the poem and your outfit!
I love this outfit! The colors are great!
Great outfit, and great poem!
I

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.530198
Retrieved Text: Help me create 100 postcard poems--each inspired by a backer's writing prompt and illustrated with a watercolor painting.
41 backers pledged $293 to help bring this project to life.
As a writer and high school teacher, I've learned there is no greater experience than sharing the power of Story with others. Story isn't just a tale with beginning, middle, and end; Story is about speaking from the heart, connecting with others, and growing together.
This year, I want to invite you to create a story with me. Give me a few words to write with, a theme or an idea, and I'll craft it into a short poem that I'll send to you on a postcard customized with a watercolor painting illustrating an image or emotion from the poem. For a moment our lives will touch, and a beautiful Story will be born from that connection.
Left: "Symmetry with a Star," and right: a two-page reflection called "Lions"
Of course, just because you help create the story doesn't mean the story must be for you: If you'd like me to send the postcard and poem to a special person in your life, I'd be happy to do so. What better birthday or holiday gift can you give than a personalized poem?
And don't forget, Valentine's Day is right around the corner.
Art is always best when shared, so if 100 people back this project for a postcard poem, I will compile the poems and paintings into a PDF that will be given to all backers.
I attempted a similar project last year that wasn't

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.5192
Retrieved Text: Rhyme scheme is the pattern of rhyme that comes at the end of each verse or line in poetry. In other words, it is the structure of end words of a verse or line that a poet needs to create when writing a poem. Many poems are written in free verse style. Some other poems follow non-rhyming structures, paying attention only to the number of syllables. The Japanese genre of Haiku is a case in point. Thus, it shows that the poets write poems in a specific type of rhyme scheme or rhyming pattern. There are several types of rhyme schemes as given below.
Monorhyme: It is a poem in which every line uses the same rhyme scheme.
Terza rima rhyme scheme: It uses tercets, three lines stanzas. Its interlocking pattern on end words follows: ABA BCB CDC DED and so on.
This is a lovely sight.
And I as worthless as hay.
Walking a road with his daughter.
Is more important than that heard.
Whenever he from sleep awakes.
I want the Lord to accept my pray.
Something as free as a sea.
It took so long is if came from Spain.
Over the red old school hall.
That’s amongst the greatest giver.
Dante has used terza rima tercet rhyming patterns (ABA, BCB, CDC …) in this poem, giving an impression of irresistible movement, as well as dynamism.
This extract from a poem by Heidi Campbell has a beautiful rhyme scheme AA, BB, CC and DD.
This extract from William Blake’s poem has an excellent rhyme scheme as AA, BB, CC, and DD.
Here, poet Crystal R. Adame makes dexterous use

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.498116
Retrieved Text: "Mon ,ma ,mes" and a little poem about chocolate!
I love this poem by Maurice Carême. It's all about who this child loves and how chocolate is the mood changer in his/her life! It's also a great way to practise "mon.ma,mes"
How should we use the poem?!
Let's read the poem with the children and spot the members of the family!
Can the children help you to understand the punchline- how important is chocolate to the child in the poem and can they spot it's not just anybody's chocolate - it's "mon chocolat!" This will help you to talk to the children about the three little possessive pronouns in the poem "mon,ma,mes".
Let's go on a " mon,ma mes hunt" , maybe using our magical magnifying glass.
Let's be dictionary detectives !Ask the class to help you find clues as to the use of mon,ma ,mes by looking up the key nouns and seeing if they are masculine, feminine singular or plural nouns.Can we make up our rules for the mon,ma,mes mixture and when to use each of the words?
Read the poem again with the children and ask them to add the feelings and the emotions that are conveyed in the poem by the use of the three possessive pronouns "mon,ma mes"
Now we can create our own new poems using the familiar content of personal possessions ( e.g dolls/toys/ toy cars/ ipads/clothes etc) as we learn about Christmas presents or perhaps we could use another focus such as animals.
Use the poem as a scaffold and encourage the children to replace the highlighted

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.465483
Retrieved Text: Celebrate the first national Poem In Your Pocket Day!
The idea is simple: select a poem you love during National Poetry Month then carry it with you to share with co-workers, family, and friends on April 17.
Poems from pockets will be unfolded throughout the day with events in parks, libraries, schools, workplaces, and bookstores. Create your own Poem In Your Pocket Day event using ideas below or let us know how you will celebrate Poem In Your Pocket Day by emailing npm@poets.org.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.43508
Retrieved Text: Activity: Spine Poetry. Create a line of poetry with your book spines (take a picture). Not feeling creative? Tell us about your favorite poem.
Great poem, it's a little spooky indeed:) New follower via GFC!
New follower :) My FF.
New follower via Bloglovin! Check out my FF!
good poem! I like how even the colors of the spines work together!
Love your poem! I'm loving this week's FF! This is the only time that I've made an effort to go and visit ALL of the participants' blogs because I'm so loving reading everyone's poems!!
I'm a new follower via BlogLovin'!
I love your poem! I really want to read Everyday sometime soon too.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.426086
Retrieved Text: Hosts Jerry Usher and Debbie Georgianni create a welcoming on-air environment so that their listeners feel comfortable sharing with one another their take on the most important issues of daily life. Catholics helping Catholics! As a peer-to-peer ministry, it’s social media for the ears!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.41641
Retrieved Text: Peer-to-peer networks have come a long way in a short amount of time.
When the concept first entered the scene, it was used primarily for downloading music, but now consumers can get vacation and lodging tips, learn a new subject, borrow a car and get a guided tour of a foreign city from a local.
Whether you are looking for an alternative to a hotel or want an insider tour of the nation’s capital, here’s a look at four peer-to-peer services that bring a new meaning to the idea of sharing.
A pioneer in the world of peer-to-peer services, AirBNB is an online marketplace that enables people to list or book accommodations around the world. The website lists places of all sizes and in all locations to rent, be it an apartment in New York City or a castle in Prague that people are willing to lease out.
In order to protect members, AirBNB provides users listing a property with up to $1 million in coverage from any losses or damage due to theft or vandalism. The site, which has booked more than 10 million nights, gives detailed profiles to let renters know about the owner of the home they are booking as well as authentic reviews from members who have stayed in the property. It also offers secure payments so that no one gets ripped off.
Realizing that no one knows a city better than long-time residents, HipHost.com gives people access to local hosts or tour guides that will create a unique and affordable tour.
The site allows users to search

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.406685
Retrieved Text: In this blog I will create a 3 node Docker swarm cluster and use GlusterFS to share volume storage across Docker swarm nodes.
Using Swarm node in Docker will create a cluster of Docker hosts to run container on, the problem in had is if container “A” run in “node1” with named volume “voldata”, all data changes applied to “voldata” will be locally saved to “node1”. If container A is shut down and happen to start again in different node, let’s say this time on “node3” and also mounting named volume “voldata” will be empty and will not contain changes done to the volume when it was mounted in “node1”.
In this example I will not use named volume, rather I will use shared mount storage among cluster nodes, of course the same can apply to share storage for named volume folder.
I’m using for this exercise 3 EC2 on AWS with 1 attached EBS volumes for each one of them.
One of the way to solve this is to use GlusterFS to replicate volumes across swarm nodes and make data available to all nodes at any time. Named volumes will still be local to each Docker host since GlusterFS takes care of the replication.
I will use Ubuntu 16.04 for this exercise.
$ sudo gluster peer probe node2 peer probe: success. $ sudo gluster peer probe node3 peer probe: success.
Here I will create 1 manager node and 2 worker nodes.
$ sudo docker swarm init Swarm initialized: current node (82f5ud4z97q7q74bz9ycwclnd) is now a manager. To add a worker to this swarm, run

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.373867
Retrieved Text: This is a found poem based on an oral history by Sam McWilliams at The Recollectors, found online here.
that I am truly loved.
A found poem is created using only words, phrases, or quotations that have been selected and rearranged from another text. The literary equivalent of a collage.
“I was actually assigned to write a found poem for a Contemporary Queer Poetry class. We were discussing HIV/AIDS as metaphor and the way queering words can kill. Our professor instructed us to choose an essay on The Recollectors in order to create a found poem.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.363836
Retrieved Text: P2P (Peer-to-peer) file sharing was originally brought into the mainstream by the original Napster. Over the years, P2P has evolved and leverages the power of its users to create a robust platform for electronic distribution. Learn how to increase torrent speeds, how to use popular bit torrent software, create private peer-to-peer networks, and more.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.355915
Retrieved Text: Another exercise from my creative writing class. This time the challenge was to create an acrostic poem; a poem where each line begins with a letter that spells out a word. As ever, my mind is never far away from Bradford City, so I immediately chose that as the basis for my acrostic poem. My intent was to pen a verse very different to the one that came out.
Writing this poem came quite easily.
Reading it to the class was very difficult. It is still difficult to resist even after 36 years.
Ordinary fans just like me.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.343231
Retrieved Text: This Micro-Lesson is provided in anticipation of Carty’s upcoming class, Conscious Revision, which begins on Monday. Register now.
For this lesson, we’ll aim to revise a poem through the use of digression. We’ll look at Marianne Moore’s poem “An Octopus,” as well as Srikanth Reddy’s essay about Moore’s poetry from his book Changing Subjects: Digressions in Modern American Poetry.
Once we have discussed Moore’s poem, we’ll look at other examples from other authors, such as Robyn Schiff and Maggie Nelson, and discuss different strategies for incorporating outside sources into our writing.
Find a “soft spot” in a poem—a place where the language is uneven. Using the surrounding context for this moment in the poem, try to discover a source (a textbook, congressional testimony, online message board, anything!) that will offer a different perspective on the topic. Use the juxtaposition of this “received” diction and your own poetic voice as a means to create a new turn within the poem, and to give the poem momentum—poementum?—on a new trajectory.

================



======= Instance Index 160 =========
Input Text: The word "shoot" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Shoot cloth.
Sentence 2: Shoot a star.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.044125
Retrieved Text: Ah, the great outdoors. Beautiful landscapes, scenic vistas, and the thrill of the chase. We've all seen some truly magnificent outdoor shots, but rarely do we think about the hassles that can come with a photo opportunity like that: packing up your equipment (don't forget the spare batteries), checklists for all the stuff you need to make sure you don't forget that one thing back at the studio, getting to your location and the conditions aren't right for your shoot, time-consuming treks for the perfect scene, and the ever present but slight threat of danger. Fortunately for you, you can create stunning shoots without leaving the comfort of your studio! With Photo Pie's exterior photography backdrops, you'll have people wondering how you find such great locations to shoot at. No matter what the theme of your next shoot or event, Photo Pie has the perfect exterior backdrop for you!
We use forced perspective and realistic images in our photography backdrops to draw the subject into the scene. All you have to do is add some lighting and find an angle that produces the look you want. See our tutorial for some additional pro tips, and check out this awesome gallery of phenomenal outdoor photography!
But our exterior photo backdrops aren't just for photography - we carry a variety of sizes and cloth types that are also great for theatrical productions and special events as exterior backgrounds. Do you have an image that you’d like to use instead? Send us the original and we’ll customize it for printing on

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.65097
Retrieved Text: Cloth Diaper 101 is a fun, informative session focused on the different types of diapers, styles, accessories, and our delivery service. This class is hands-on, so be ready to know more about cloth diapers than you ever thought you would.
We also provide “walk-in” demos. We love visitors and to show off our cute little store. Just give us a call or shoot us an email first, before you head over (we don’t want to miss you).
Must RSVP by 4/26/19 by 12pm.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.223394
Retrieved Text: This Reindeer Hat Set is the perfect winter holiday photo shoot outfit for newborns and babies! Hat features reindeer face, ears and small antlers atop. Color is a variegated light brown. Yarn material is soft, non-allergenic, and will not irritate the wearer. Hand wash in cold water, shake off water and then lay flat to air dry.
Important Note: As a general rule, we recommend hand washing all cloth wraps and props before use in a newborn shoot. Please take all necessary safety precautions when using props during newborn photo shoots. Advanced newborn poses/composites should only be attempted by experienced photographers.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.128582
Retrieved Text: Shoot and share immersive photos and videos with the Giroptic iO Spherical Video Camera. This lightweight accessory transforms your Android device into a spherical camera capable of capturing the world around you. The iO features dual 195° lenses capable of outputting 1920 x 960 resolution videos and streams as well as 3840 x 1920 stills. It connects to your device via the micro-USB port and is operated by a free companion app. Whatever content you shoot is automatically stored on your phone and can be shared over compatible services, including YouTube, Facebook, and more. All stitching is done in real time, so what you shoot, your audience will see right away.
The Giroptic iO is equipped with a 915mAh battery that can be recharged using the included micro-USB cable. A carrying case and cleaning cloth are also included.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.125135
Retrieved Text: [ChanMi's star news] Star shoot for Hwang In-young!
Hwang In-young has been in a star photoshoot with the title, Return to Innocence wearing a bathing suit!
She has been in Bali Indonesia for these photoshoots and has been wearing 80 different outfits for the photoshoots.
She has been in the film "Dance Dance" after the drama "Pearl Earrings" and now, she is working on a fashion mall which is being a hit for fashionistas around the country.
"[ChanMi's star news] Star shoot for Hwang In-young!"
[ChanMi's star news] Kim Jun, too much makeup?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.9814005
Retrieved Text: Home Daily Filming Locations New details about the ‘Star Trek’ shoot in Northern California this week!
New details about the ‘Star Trek’ shoot in Northern California this week!
Earlier in the week we reported there was a possibility the Untitled Star Trek Sequel would move to the San Francisco area for a week before wrapping production.
Today an anonymous tipster sent us some more information about the shoot in Northern California. According to our source, Star Trek will begin filming scenes at the Lawrence Livermore Lab in Livermore, CA, possibly as soon as tomorrow.
If you have any scoop about the Star Trek shoot in Livermore, let us know about it at olv@onlocationvacations.com!
Previous article‘Iron Man 3’ Filming Locations Open Thread – discuss where the movie is filming in Wilmington!
Next articleExtras needed for ‘You Are Here’ filming in Winston-Salem, N.C.
We heard that too, but I don’t know exactly where so I didn’t include it, let me know if you hear anything…thanks!
Are they casting extras? If so, where? I would kill to be in a Trek movie. I mean that figuratively…mostly.
Time Travel….I hate time travel episodes.
I work there and they totally are filming, i have co-workers that are running elevators and such in there seeing people in star fleet uniforms and aliens! I’m gonna check it out tomorrow.
anon- thanks! def. report back and let us know what’s going on (maybe you can sneak a few pics 🙂 ! thanks!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.972893
Retrieved Text: Star Battle, online free game.
Star battle is a action adventure robots space free online flash game. Click to play now!
Star Battle description: Blast and shoot your way through various missions and collect the powerballs which activate the teleport at the end of every level. Show what you got and bring it on!
Game Instructions: Arrow keys to move and mouse to shoot.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.736337
Retrieved Text: KARACHI: Former speed star Shoaib Akhtar shared a teaser of a Geo News show showing him along with former Pakistan captain Wasim Akram.
The teaser has gone viral in the Pakistani cyberspace – with anticipation running high on what the star-duo is up to.
Hours before sharing the teaser on his Twitter account, Akhtar also shared a couple of photos of the shoot of the teaser in which they are seen riding a motorcycle.
Different get up for motor cycle shoot ..you guys must`ve seen the prom shoot already on Geo ..
“Here you go, I am showing you 1st teaser of our upcoming game show. Trust me you guys are going to love us both in different get ups..more to come,” Shoaib Akhtar captained the teaser.
Looking by the teaser – one is certain our very own Wasim Bhai and Rawalpindi Express as like their cricketing careers are ready to give something massive to the Pakistani audience.
KARACHI: Former speed star Shoaib Akhtar shared a teaser of a Geo News show showing him along with former Pakistan captain Wasim Akram.The teaser has gone viral in the Pakistani cyberspace – with anticipation running high on what the star-duo is up to.here you go am showing u1st teaser of our up coming game show trust me you guys r going to love us both in different get ups..more to come Hours before sharing the teaser on his Twitter account, Akhtar also shared a couple of photos of the shoot of the teaser in which they are seen riding a motorcycle.Different get up for

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.714859
Retrieved Text: Star Wars has long been a film series that helped push technology forward, beginning with the original 1977 film. That movie was a pioneer in visual effects, with the first large-scale use of motion-control camera systems, and also helped push Dolby Stereo into theaters. But one of the new Star Wars films might be using a fusion of old and new gear to create its own spectacle.
Star Wars Episode VIII will shoot on 35mm film.
Star Wars Anthology: Rogue One will shoot partially with a 6K camera and new Panavision lenses.
Daisy Ridley drops a hint about Rey’s lineage in Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
See the covers of three new Star Wars novels.
Jurassic World director Colin Trevorrow talks Star Wars films.
Anthony Daniels is voicing C-3PO in Star Wars Battlefront.
Billie Lourd strikes down another Star Wars: The Force Awakens rumor.
Star Wars may once again film on Skellig Michael in Ireland.
Read an interview with the stunt double who played Kylo Ren.
Peter Mayhew definitively puts the “Han Shot First” debate to rest.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.687643
Retrieved Text: Fashion photography shoot which needed to make the clothes the star, whcih involved onsite lighting equipment. - Professional Advertising, Product and Commercial Photographer.
Fashion photography shoot which needed to make the clothes the star, whcih involved onsite lighting equipment.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.673098
Retrieved Text: Watch Trailer Park of Terror (2008) online, Trailer Park of Terror (2008) movie trailer, Download Trailer Park of Terror (2008) full movie free, Trailer Park of Terror (2008) streaming online, Watch movie Trailer Park of Terror (2008) online for free, Trailer Park of Terror (2008) HD Quality, Trailer Park of Terror (2008) film download.
Watch Harold (2008) online, Harold (2008) movie trailer, Download Harold (2008) full movie free, Harold (2008) streaming online, Watch movie Harold (2008) online for free, Harold (2008) HD Quality, Harold (2008) film download.
Watch Autopsy (2008) online, Autopsy (2008) movie trailer, Download Autopsy (2008) full movie free, Autopsy (2008) streaming online, Watch movie Autopsy (2008) online for free, Autopsy (2008) HD Quality, Autopsy (2008) film download.
Watch Major Movie Star (2008) online, Major Movie Star (2008) movie trailer, Download Major Movie Star (2008) full movie free, Major Movie Star (2008) streaming online, Watch movie Major Movie Star (2008) online for free, Major Movie Star (2008) HD Quality, Major Movie Star (2008) film download.
Watch Dakota Skye (2008) online, Dakota Skye (2008) movie trailer, Download Dakota Skye (2008) full movie free, Dakota Skye (2008) streaming online, Watch movie Dakota Skye (2008) online for free, Dakota Skye (2008) HD Quality, Dakota Skye (2008) film download.
Watch Middle of Nowhere (2008) online, Middle of Nowhere (2008) movie trailer, Download Middle of Nowhere (2008) full movie free, Middle of Nowhere (2008) streaming online, Watch movie Middle of Nowhere (2008) online for free, Middle of Nowhere (2008) HD Quality, Middle of Nowhere (2008) film download.
Watch Her Best Move (2007) online, Her Best

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.628853
Retrieved Text: Shoot the bomb for points or shoot the star for bonus points.
The goal is to shoot the fruit. You have a limited amount of time.
Kill all enemies on the screen to progress.
Blast the robots before they blast you. A fast paced shooting game.
Shoot your way through the enemies and defeat the boss.
Shoot the cub as far as possible.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.551288
Retrieved Text: The Linkstar Paper Back Drop Rolls are of high quality and various colours and sizes. Not only are the paper background rolls an economical replacement for cloth backgrounds, but they also form a flat and solid background, making it easier for the photographer to shoot their desired objects. Further, all Linkstar background rolls come on a sturdy cylinder, which can easily be placed on a backdrop support.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.480763
Retrieved Text: If you use a lens, it will get dirty, no matter how careful you are. However, you may feel a little anxious about cleaning your lenses, as you may be afraid of damaging your valuable equipment!
It’s quite a simple thing to clean your lenses, and many photographers have different methods for doing so. In this article, I’m going to talk you through the lens cleaning process, and hopefully put your fears to rest.
Why Do Lenses Need Cleaning?
Because they get dirty! That’s the quick answer. A more detailed explanation involves cleaning them regularly so that you always get the best quality images and performance from your lens. A good habit to get into is always to clean your lens after a shoot, before you put it away again. That way, the next time you need to use it, it will already be clean, so you can just attach it to your camera and shoot away.
Lenses also pick up small particles of dust that can show up on your images, so it’s important to keep the back elements clean as well as the glass. Dust is the enemy of photographers. It’s everywhere, and no matter how careful you are, you will find it getting into your lens and camera body. It’s part of using a camera, and unless you’re going to keep your gear constantly in your bag and never use it, it will get dirty, and it will need cleaning.
Many photographers use protective filters on the front of their lenses. These screw on over the top of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.413988
Retrieved Text: attaches to the lens cap to free up both hands for the photographer.
The cap remains connected while you shoot, and is easily reattachable when finished snapping.
Can be used on camera, video, camcorder, DSLR camera lenses, camera body, or filters.
Perfect to remove oil residues, dust, fingerprint, not harming any lens coatings.
First use the humid cloths to clean the lens, then wipe with the anti-static cloth.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.408044
Retrieved Text: Download images to your computer.
After the download, rename the images and apply keywords; doing so makes locating the images later much easier.
An external hard drive is an excellent place to back up your images. External hard drives provide an inexpensive way to safeguard your precious image files if you have a problem with your computer hard drive.
Always reformat the memory card in your camera. Don’t format the cards using your computer. Your camera has the correct algorithm to format your cards properly.
Set the ISO to its lowest setting.
Set White Balance to Auto.
Set Exposure Compensation to 0.
Set the on-camera flash to OFF.
Recharge your camera battery and spare battery if necessary.
Set the camera metering to Evaluative.
Always use a soft cloth to remove any accumulated grime. If necessary, dampen the cloth and then wring it almost dry. Wiping the camera body with an almost dry cloth is highly recommended if you’ve been taking photographs at the beach and there is a lot of salt spray in the air.
Purchase a lens cleaning kit at your favorite camera retailer and use it after every shoot. You’ll get better pictures with a clean lens.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.384112
Retrieved Text: Looky, looky who is on a blogging roll! I don't want to brag...but I think I should get a gold star or something for getting done two blogs in three days! Haha! Kidding!
Anyways, this particular shoot was done back in December. I've had the pleasure of shooting this little princess many times now and each and every time she is a rock star in front of the camera, and this time was no different. I promise this shoot took no more then 15 minutes and I could have put every shot up on the blog. I don't think I could ever pass up a photo shoot with Isla...I mean, just look at those eye! Could you say no to those?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.382306
Retrieved Text: Reality star Kim Kardashian, who has posed in the buff for magazines multiple times, will now strip naked for a new season of her family show "Keeping Up With The Kardashians". Kim has already stripped naked for two magazines over the last few months, but she is now keen to make this series of "Keeping Up With The Kardashians" the raunchiest yet.
The reality star was filmed as she posed for a new shoot, strategically placing her hands to cover her modesty, reports mirror.co.uk. Facing the camera, Kardashian has pulled off her signature pout for a series of photographs, showing off her enviable figure.
She's keen to celebrate everything about her body ahead of her planned second pregnancy. Before the shoot, she said: "If I get pregnant again soon, my body is going to totally transform. So, I'm doing this photo shoot today naked. I just want to capture my body and have these photos to last forever." The first episode of the show's tenth season will see the star discuss her plans to have more children with husband Kanye West.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.340563
Retrieved Text: It’s hard to believe that we are knocking on April’s door. Especially, since it seems Old Man Winter decided to stick around a little longer than usual. I guess God likes to keep the meteorologists guessing! There’s no guessing at who we love here at Color Transformed Family though. First off, I love each and every reader. Seriously, I am blown away by how many of you keep coming back to read about our family adventures, DIY attempts, and other randomness. I also love the sponsors and affiliates that we get the chance to partner with….
LH Formal Design is giving away a free t-shirt next month. Visit their Facebook page to find out how to enter for a chance to win.
Diaper Junction is your cloth diaper and baby gear headquarters. They sell all the major brands including BumGenius and Thristies cloth diapers. Noah has been in cloth since she was about eight weeks old and we would not have it any other way. It’s not as scary as you may think… I promise. If you are interested or have any questions just shoot me an e-mail or check out this extremely helpful post on Young House Love. It’s my pleasure to tell others about the joys of cloth diapering and the tremendous money saving opportunities. Plus, they are just too cute! And for all the skeptical dads, Michael Luke prefers cloth over disposable.
Cloth diapers isn’t all they sell either. Check out these super cute swim diaper/bathing suits.
I am so excited to have the opportunity to help

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.315633
Retrieved Text: Yesterday afternoon I had the pleasure of photographing the very cheeky Master Tyson for some newborn portraits. Tyson was a little older then my usual newborns at six weeks, but he was super cheeky and gave us some gorgeous smiles and expressions. He even gave us the trifecta when we took his clothes off! Let’s just say, Tyson kept us on our toes the entire shoot!! I love that we were also able to incorporate the beautiful Tapa Cloth into the shoot to incorporate Tyson’s Samoan and Tongan background. Enjoy your sneak peek!
Hi I am wanting to purchase the photos of myself(nana) and one with Tyson and his aunty do you still have these photos?
Could I get a preview to I can pick some photos.
Have you received my email in regards to making a time to pop into the studio to view the photographs??

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.273227
Retrieved Text: What is Tifo Star?You want to celebrate when your team/player scores, Great! But have you ever shared the celebration? Tifo Star does it.How do I celebrate?Shoot: Shoot to your friends when your favorite players shoots a goal.Shout: Be crazy and Shout loud. Share from the best commentary for your favorite player/team.Trending: Catch up with whats being most shared during a live match.Search : Lets do it. Type goal or may be rooney or may be sensational and see it yourself!!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.213608
Retrieved Text: Star, Mandy Moore jumped off a boat during a magazine photo shoot and broke her ankle.
Star, Mandy Moore jumped off a boat during a magazine photo shoot and broke her ankle. She is now walking with a cast on her right leg.
A representative for Moore said it happened near the end of February in Mexico while she was setting up a photo that was to show her jumping into the water.
Apparently Ms. Moore did not perform the stunt gracefully... wonder how that cast will look on the red carpet?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.188432
Retrieved Text: This is a list of manga related to the anime series Cowboy Bebop.
The manga series written by Cain Kuga (久雅カイン, Kuga Kain) loosely based on the anime series. It is an alternative telling of the story featured in the anime television series, with some changes to character designs, and the character of Ed portrayed as being male. While the original Japanese manga chapters were called "Shoots" without titles, the English version adds movie titles to each chapter (akin to the anime's frequent use of song titles). The serialisation was canceled in mid-1998, leaving some plot points unresolved.
Shoot 01. "You Only Live Twice"
Shoot 02. "The Kid Stays in the Picture"
Shoot 03. "Dog Day Afternoon"
"Behind the Bebop, the Untold Story"
Shoot 06. "The Man Who Would Be King"
Shoot 08. "The Great Escape"
Shoot 09. "In Cold Blood"
The manga series written by Yutaka Nanten.
^ Kuga, Kain (2003). Cowboy Bebop: Shooting Star 2. Los Angeles, USA: Tokyopop. ISBN 159182298X.
^ シュ-ティングスタ-ビバップ カウボ-イビバップ 第１巻 (in Japanese). Rakuten. Retrieved June 7, 2014.
^ "Cowboy Bebop: Shooting Star Volume 1". Tokyopop. Archived from the original on April 5, 2003. Retrieved June 5, 2014.
^ シュ-ティングスタ-ビバップ カウボ-イビバップ 第２巻 (in Japanese). Rakuten. Retrieved June 7, 2014.
^ "Cowboy Bebop: Shooting Star Volume 2". Tokyopop. Archived from the original on April 5, 2003. Retrieved June 5, 2014.
^ カウボ-イビバップ 第１巻 (in Japanese). Rakuten. Retrieved June 7, 2014.
^ "Cowboy Bebop Volume 1". Tokyopop. Archived from the original on April 5, 2003. Retrieved June 5, 2014.
^ カウボ-イビバップ 第２巻 (in Japanese). Rakuten. Retrieved June 7, 2014.
^ "Cowboy Bebop Volume 2". Tokyopop. Archived from the original on

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.178701
Retrieved Text: Director J.J. Abrams made it clear that his chapter in the Star Wars saga, The Force Awakens, was going "old school" with a heavy focus on practical effects and using film instead of modern digital cameras to shoot the movie. While digital filmmaking has grown in popularity over the past decade or so, there has been push back from many filmmakers who have preferred to continue shooting their movies on film. Apparently Episode IX director Colin Trevorrow is one of them as he has now confirmed that he, like Abrams, will be shooting the last film in the Sequel trilogy on film.
" I could never shoot Star Wars on anything but [film] because it's a period film: It happened a long time ago!"
"I asked the question, 'Is it possible for us to shoot IMAX film plates in actual space for Star Wars, and I haven't gotten an answer yet, but they've shot IMAX in space!"
Trevorrow was also joined by Christopher Nolan and other filmmakers at the event who continued to advocate for using film over digital. These new Star Wars films are definitely helping to keep good old fashioned film relevant.
Star Wars: Episode IX is expecting to be released in 2019.
I hope they can start to wind down the "like good ol days" marketing shtick soon. It's wearing thin and kind turned out to be a bit hollow (borderline BS) in relation to TFA.
I don't want the rest of the sequel trilogy to feel like the good ol days anyway. I want them to be fresh

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.169146
Retrieved Text: Penalty Shoot-Out 3 In this soccer game you can choose from 3 World Cups. The goal of the game is to get the star into the goal.
Controls: First choose a direction, then how high you want to shoot your ball, then if you want some effect and lastly how hard you want to shoot the ball.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.159304
Retrieved Text: About that “Takeover” by Los Zetas in Laredo….
I read a wide variety of news sources, be they rightwing or left, as it makes more informed. I also know that as a blogger, a blogger that has been cited on NPR and CBS.com, I have to cite my sources if I am writing about an article I read, and provide a link back to that original article so my readers can form their own opinions.
IMHO, unless we are more scrupulous in citing sources, and not making up things our of whole cloth, examiner.com will become irrelevant.
Even for me, a mere photojournalist. While I do not have to get written permission to photograph a storefront, I seek a written release if I want to shoot the interior and anyone inside. I know, that I can shoot the exterior of Prudential Arena, and there is nothing that the security can do short of assaulting me. I know, that I cannot shoot inside the Port Authority Bus Terminal, PERIOD, but it’s ok at NY Penn Station and Newark’s Penn Station. What’s the point of this? To illustrate that as reporters/citizen journalists, we have a responsibility to our readers not to gin up fears by posting fiction as fact.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.127594
Retrieved Text: August 1, 2015. The start of my maternity leave. :D My husband and I went for a photo shoot at the Japanese garden (Jurong East, SG). The theme was (as usual) Japanese! ha ha! :D I brought my Yukata that day which my husband bought last March in Japan. Before that photo shoot, we went to Liang Court shopping mall to look for Geta or Yukata slippers. Too bad the big sizes were out of stock and only small sizes were left. FYI big feet woman here (size 9 or 10) :)) After that we explored the whole shopping mall just for my Yukata slippers (my husband is the sweetest he doesn't want me to feel disapointed hehehe) then finally we saw this Japanese supermarket called Meidi-Ya, they don't have Yukata slippers but we found a Japanese cloth slipper which is nice and I think it blends well with my Yukata. So voila! We bought it as an alternative for a Yukata slipper.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.127559
Retrieved Text: Knoxville Museum of Art Wedding Shoot on Wedding Lovely!
LB Floral’s 2015 Knoxville Museum of Art styled shoot was a collaborative effort with help from Knoxville wedding vendors, including Star Noir Studio, Custom Love Gifts & Events, Southern Belle Beauty, Anderson Rentals, Savvi Formalwear, and White Lace and Promises.
See more from the shoot on Wedding Lovely!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.063686
Retrieved Text: Nothing is worse than arriving at a photo shoot or paid engagement only to find the camera isn't working or parts are missing. To avoid this, pack the camera bag the day before, and check to make sure all the equipment is in working order, including any tripods and additional lighting.
Take a few practice shots to determine that the lens is clear and there are no issues with the camera's functionality. If the event you will be photographing is a long one, bring extra memory cards and an additional charged battery pack to cover several hours of work.
1. Fully charge the camera and any extra battery packs.
2. Pack additional fresh batteries if using a flash or light meter that requires them.
3. Remove the lens cap and spray the lens with canned air. Gently wipe the lens in a circular motion with a clean microfiber cloth. Store the can and cloth in the bag for future use.
4. Pack additional SD and CF cards into the camera case.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.967352
Retrieved Text: Beardwatch: Mark Hamill Shaves After Filming Star Wars: Episode VIII, Confirms He’ll Be Back For Episode IX.
Star Wars Weekly Social Buzz! Daisy Ridley not Part of the Dubrovnik Shoot. Snoke is not Sith and More!
Star Wars Weekly Social Buzz.
Video: Star Wars Rebels “Twilight Of The Apprentice” Cast and Crew Q and A!

================



======= Instance Index 257 =========
Input Text: The word "house" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He counted the house.
Sentence 2: The house applauded.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.563017
Retrieved Text: Referring to the issue of whether abstentions were counted or disregarded under European parliamentary rules in the vote to open the Article 7 procedure against Hungary, the head of the Prime Minister's Office said on Thursday that the government's assessment was that the Sargentini report did not receive the required two-thirds majority. Under the EU's Lisbon Treaty, a vote by two-thirds of MEPs would have been required for the report's approval, and abstentions should have also been taken into account in the vote tally, Gergely Gulyas told a press conference. With the abstentions counted, the report would have failed to secure a two-thirds majority, he said. Gulyas said he did not believe that the EP's house rules contained any provisions saying that abstentions should not be counted in a vote.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.041233
Retrieved Text: 3 For this [man] was counted worthy of more glory than Moses, inasmuch as he who hath builded the house hath more honour than the house.
4 For every house is builded by some [man]; but he that built all things [is] God.
10 Wherefore I was grieved with that generation, and said, They do alway err in [their] heart; and they have not known my ways.
17 But with whom was he grieved forty years? [was it] not with them that had sinned, whose carcases fell in the wilderness?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.960163
Retrieved Text: Does GDP count both the investment and the house rental?
Suppose you bought a new house in the year of 2010. Then the price of the house in counted toward the 2010 GDP. Say then you live in the new house in the following years. So in these years, the GDP includes the housing rental you paid yourself. But then why is it not an overcount? I mean, when we counted the house price into GDP in2010, we have already counted all the utility of the house in one year and there is no need to count the de sequent rental.
You are correct that what you describe would be an overcount, but fortunately, your description of what is counted in GDP is incorrect. When a new home is constructed and sold, the full sales price is not counted in GDP. Instead, only the value of the construction put in place is counted in GDP— when the construction is completed. Then, the value of the stream of housing services (i.e., the imputation for owners' equivalent rent) is counted annually as an output of the asset.
Houses are therefore counted just as any other capital asset is. Just as a machine that makes bolts first appears in GDP when the machine is constructed then later its output is also counted, a house appears in GDP as output when it is constructed (or renovated) and its output— housing services— is also counted.
To add a simple analogy: Take a solar farm that was constructed in 2010. Its construction was included in 2010

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.941463
Retrieved Text: With 100 percent of votes counted, Conor Lamb, a Democrat, was clinging to a 641-vote lead over Rick Saccone, a Republican. But one county in the four-county district had not yet counted its absentee ballots, so no winner had been declared as of Wednesday morning. And it was possible that, if Mr. Saccone challenged the results, a legal battle could ensue.
House Democrats also did not wait for a final count to claim victory, and House Republicans were already talking about a legal challenge. Under Pennsylvania law, there is no automatic recount in such a race, no matter how close.
Saccone and/or the GOP would have to pay the freight for a recount. Assuming the gap stays relatively the same after the absentees and provisional ballots are fully counted, it’s on the outer edge of the range where recounts could change the results. The vote-counting mechanisms in American elections are normally very reliable, which means that anything outside of the low three figures is not likely to change significantly enough to reverse an election outcome.
Go figure that Saccone wouldn’t pick up the phone to talk with Lamb. Why would he? There are several thousand ballots still outstanding this morning. It would take a huge Saccone boost among absentees and provisionals to overtake Lamb, on the order of a +10 or more, which seems very unlikely. But there’s no point conceding until those ballots get counted first.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.860067
Retrieved Text: Two Democrats and three Republicans easily won their re-election bids to the House of Representatives in Arizona.
Democrat Raul Grijalva was elected to a ninth term in the House, defeating Republican Nick Person in Arizona's 3rd Congressional District. As of 9 p.m. Arizona time, Grijalva had over 60 percent of about 95,000 votes counted. Also, Democrat Ruben Gallego cruised to victory with no GOP challenger in the 7th District.
Republican Andy Biggs defeated Democrat Joan Green in Arizona's 5th District; he had about 60 percent of the vote with over 150,000 votes counted. Fellow Republican David Schweikert beat Democrat Anita Malik to earn a fifth term in Arizona's 6th District, capturing over 56 percent of the vote with over 150,000 votes cast. And Republican Paul Gosar, whose family members campaigned against him, defeated Democrat David Brill in AZ's 4th District.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.749107
Retrieved Text: T.J. Cox caused many of us to hold our collective breaths, as it took many long days to count all of the ballots after Cox trailed when initial ballots were counted. But when all the ballots were counted, he won the day and the seat. Known before his election for his fight to combat poverty, Cox has pledged to continue that fight in Congress. You can also count on him to be a champion for sane and humane immigration policy. Cox serves on the House Natural Resources and Agriculture Committees. You can find more information at https://cox.house.gov.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.429266
Retrieved Text: ARLINGTON, VA – The National Grocers Association (NGA) today applauded the U.S. House of Representatives for the passage of biotechnology labeling legislation, which ensures a uniform, national labeling standard for food products made with genetically engineered (GE) ingredients and genetically modified organisms (GMOs). The bill passed the House with a bipartisan vote of 306-117. The bill will now be sent to the White House for the President to sign into law.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.228222
Retrieved Text: Emanuel got the green light for candidacy: Rahm Emanuel can run for Chicago mayor, after a unanimous decision by the Illinois Supreme Court. The Court found that he meets the residency requirements because he paid taxes and maintained a residence he planned to use as his permanent residence–even though he rented it out–in Chicago while working in the White House.
Every vote counts in Ohio: A three-judge panel of the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled on January 27 that ballots improperly cast because of errors by poll workers must be counted in the judicial election in Hamilton County. Although the exact number of ballots that must now be counted is unknown, Democrats claim it could be in the hundreds. Republican John Williams currently leads by 23 votes.
Is there a fight brewing over Fair Districts in Florida?: In one of his first acts as governor, Rick Scott withdrew the request to the Justice Department to approve the redistricting amendments passed by voters in November. The amendments are also currently being challenged in court in a lawsuit filed by two U.S. Representatives from Florida.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.173302
Retrieved Text: dinner table. The crowd tittered.
feathers to look bigger than you are.
months living in fame and fortune.
The crowd stood up and applauded.
went back inside the White House.
rocked on the table to keep his balance.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.130125
Retrieved Text: Don Mills, Ont. : Mira, c2012.
344 pages ; 17 cm.
A wave of hope carries Olivia Frost back to her small New England hometown nestled in the beautiful Swift River Valley. She is transforming a historic home into an idyllic getaway; picturesque and perfect, if only the absentee owner will fix up the eyesore next door. Dylan McCaffrey's ramshackle house is an inheritance he never counted on. It also holds the key to a generations-old lost treasure he can't resist any more than he can resist his new neighbor. Against this breathtaking landscape, Dylan and Olivia pursue long-buried secrets and discover a mystery wrapped in a love story, past and present.
Neggers, C. (2012). Secrets of the lost summer. Don Mills, Ont.: Mira.
Neggers, Carla. 2012. Secrets of the Lost Summer. Don Mills, Ont.: Mira.
Neggers, Carla, Secrets of the Lost Summer. Don Mills, Ont.: Mira, 2012.
Neggers, Carla. Secrets of the Lost Summer. Don Mills, Ont.: Mira, 2012. Print.
|a Secrets of the lost summer / |c Carla Neggers.
|a Don Mills, Ont. : |b Mira, |c c2012.
|a 344 p. ; |c 17 cm.
|a A wave of hope carries Olivia Frost back to her small New England hometown nestled in the beautiful Swift River Valley. She is transforming a historic home into an idyllic getaway; picturesque and perfect, if only the absentee owner will fix up the eyesore next door. Dylan McCaffrey's ramshackle house is an inheritance he never counted on. It also holds the key to a generations-old lost treasure he can't resist any more than he can resist his new

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.094215
Retrieved Text: A bill aimed at protecting mineral owners in Oklahoma from interference of their use of the minerals by towns and cities won overwhelming approval Tuesday in a State House committee.
House Bill 2150 by Rep. John Pfeiffer won approval on a vote of 14 to 5 on the House Energy and Natural Resources committee. All 5 no votes came from Democrats—Reps Merleyn Bell, Emily Virgin, Jason Dunnington, Jason Lowe and Monroe Nichols.
The bill was sent to the full House for a vote and won immediate support from OIPA-OKOGA where President Chad Warmington applauded the approval.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.04002
Retrieved Text: WASTELAND - Europe's biggest fetish fantasy event. In the year 1994 Wasteland brought Fetishism out of the darkness of the underground and mixed it with house music and spectacular, often innovating, entertainment. Wasteland is Europe's most notorious adult playground where the fetish lifestyle is celebrated and applauded.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.921733
Retrieved Text: We are the prominent manufacturer and supplier of finest quality Prefab Farm House for our esteemed clients. The product offered by us are available in customised options as per the demand of our clients. These are made from high grade fabric that is procured from our trusted vendors. These houses are of high quality and customised base product. Extensively demanded for residence and accommodation in nearby farms, the offered houses are much applauded by the clients.
Being a quality determined organization, we are offering a supreme qualitygamut of Prefabricated Guest House. Widely used for temporary residence of guests, this house is available in multitude of styles, patterns with other specifications. With high perfection, our array of house is designed and fabricated using top-notch quality raw materials and sophisticated techniques. Apart from this, this house is made available for the patrons at marginal prices.
The offered Prefabricated Farm House is skillfully fabricated with the use of remarkable quality raw materials and the pioneering techniques by the team of our highly experienced professionals. This farm house is mostly preferred by the clients for accommodation purpose near farms or industrial sites. Apart from this, the offered house is put forward at most economic rates for the clients.
In the allied field, we are highly appreciated name engaged in putting forward a premium quality assortment of Prefab Farm Houses. Available in different styles and designs, the provided houses are fabricated with the use of polyurethane foam and galvanized sheet. Extensively demanded for residence and accommodation in nearby farms, the offered houses are much

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.877196
Retrieved Text: LDS Dancer Crippled in Bounce House Accident, Visited by Elder Oaks Recovering at "Warp Speed"
MR says: The accident was catastrophic and took a Tooele family by surprise. But more surprising has been Josh Hinton's recovery and those who have come out to support him. Find out more about Elder Oaks' incredible visit with Josh Hinton here.
Josh Hinton is recovering at "warp speed."
Hinton and his Tooele family say miracles continue to happen since his Aug. 29 accident when he hit his head on an inflatable post while running through a bounce house during BYU freshman orientation. He broke his neck and couldn't breathe or feel anything.
As he wheeled himself down the hallway of the Craig Hospital in Denver this week, his mother counted her blessings.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.76732
Retrieved Text: The city of Cottbus is the latest in a growing number of areas refusing to house any more refugees in Germany.
The decision was criticised by activists and applauded by far-right groups, both of which descended on the city to protest their views.
People in Cottbus say much of the criticism is unwarranted.
Al Jazeera's Paul Brennan reports.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.760327
Retrieved Text: The Cat in the Ruff counted cross stitch kit is inspired by an oil painting seen in the library of the Mark Twain house in Hartford, Connecticut. In this room, Samuel Clemens often composed impromptu stories for his daughters, each always starting with the cat in the ruff.
Finished size 5" by 5 ½" on 14 count Charles Craft fabric. Kit includes material, DMC floss, needle, instructions, and color photograph of finished project. Designed by Barbara Bangser for The Posy Collection.
1. Call 860-280-3136 and ask for the gift shop.
2. Ask for the Cat in the Ruff Counted Cross Stitch Kit PC-025.
The Mark Twain House, designed by Edward Tuckerman Potter and occupied by the Clemens family in 1874, reflects the grand lifestyle of its famous owner. It is classified as "Picturesque." A bold pattern of black and vermillion paint embellishes the brick surface. The 19-room house in which the Clemens family lived until 1891 welcomed many a guest. A fitting inscription, "The ornament of a house is the friends who frequent it," appears over the library fireplace. Twain wrote seven major works at the Hartford house, including The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
2. Ask for the Mark Twain House Counted Cross Stitch Kit PC-1324.
Finished size 8" by 13¾" on 14 count Charles Craft fabric. Kit includes material, DMC floss, needle, instructions, and color photograph of finished project.
2. Ask for the Mark Twain Sampler Counted Cross Stitch Kit PC-088.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.710076
Retrieved Text: Washington, DC—The National Consumers League (NCL), America’s pioneering consumer and worker advocacy organization, today applauded recent Congressional action to fix the rigged live event ticketing industry. Yesterday, the House passed H.R. 5104, the Better On-line Ticket Sales (BOTS) Act of 2016. Today, the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation committee held a hearing to consider a similar bill, S. 3183.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.695189
Retrieved Text: Originally Published: October 5, 2017 6 a.m.
PHOENIX — The Arizona Democratic Party went to federal court Tuesday in a bid to overturn a ban on “ballot harvesting” and ensure that ballots cast in the wrong precinct are counted anyway.
Attorney Bruce Spiva contends the Republican-controlled Legislature acted illegally last year in making it a felony for an individual to take anyone else’s early ballot to a polling place. Spiva said he will present evidence that the measure will cause undue harm to minorities and other groups.
But Sara Agne, attorney for the Arizona Republican Party, who is defending the law, will argue that lawmakers were entitled to put procedures in place designed to prevent fraud.
Spiva could have an uphill battle.
U.S. District Court Judge Douglas Rayes last year refused to stop the state from enforcing the law while its legal merits are being debated. He concluded there was no “quantitative evidence” to show minorities were more likely to be harmed than anyone else.
The full 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which heard arguments last year in San Francisco, thought otherwise and agreed to enjoin enforcement. But that decision was stayed by the U.S. Supreme Court with the justices concluding they did not want to make such a radical change so close to last year’s election.
In the meantime, the appellate court sent the case back to Rayes to take a closer look. Rayes now has set aside 10 days to hear evidence.
The law criminalizes what had been a practice by civic and political groups of going out to see if

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.687811
Retrieved Text: I personally counted 21 Bullet holes made on the Church building of Kembong where at the time, the priest, the Catechist and many Christians were carrying out various activities in the Mission compound. The blood of the murdered priest was still clearly seen on the cemented entrance to the Church just at the door. He died right in the house of God and it is our prayer that the God whom he served so well will welcome him into his eternal kingdom.
St. Joseph’s Missionary Society – the Mill Hill Missionaries – have posted on their website a strong statement by Bishop Andrew Nkea, bishop of Mamfe, condemning Fr. Ondari’s murder which you can access by clicking here.
… I visited Kembong Parish on Thursday the 22nd of November, 2018, and I personally counted 21 Bullet holes made on the Church building of Kembong where at the time, the priest, the Catechist and many Christians were carrying out various activities in the Mission compound. The blood of the murdered priest was still clearly seen on the cemented entrance to the Church just at the door. He died right in the house of God and it is our prayer that the God whom he served so well will welcome him into his eternal kingdom.
Fr. Michael McCabe SMA, Irish Provincial, also sends the sympathy and prayers of the Irish Province to all Mill Hill Missionaries during this sad and tragic time. With Fr. O’Driscoll and Bishop Nkea, Fr. McCabe asks that we remember the family and confreres of the late

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.636227
Retrieved Text: Now we're going to hear about some of the other important races that have yet to be called. To do that, we have NPR's Domenico Montanaro.
DOMENICO MONTANARO, BYLINE: Hey there, Michel.
MARTIN: So we've just heard about what's happening in Florida. Can you tell us what's going on in Georgia, where Brian Kemp, the Republican, has already declared victory in the governor's race?
MONTANARO: Right. Brian Kemp is the secretary of state there, and he, as you said, has declared victory. He's up by some 60,000 votes in the race. He's - but the important thing is he's up just a little bit over the threshold that would take it to a runoff. He's got about 50.3 percent of the vote, and you have to be above 50 to avoid a runoff. So Stacey Abram's campaign and a slew of volunteers are out there making phone calls today trying to see if there are any people whose provisional ballots may not have been counted because they say they need to pick up about 25,000 votes to be able to force it to a runoff.
MARTIN: And there's an important Senate race in Arizona that has yet to be called. Tell us about that.
MONTANARO: That's right. And this is one where there's a lot of votes still to be counted. I mean, there's some little more than 300,000 votes, actually, still to be counted. That includes provisional ballots, early mail-in ballots, ballots that were dropped off on Election Day. And, right now, Kyrsten Sinema, the Democrat, has about a 20,000-vote

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.568847
Retrieved Text: You have two, because YOU took away two!
If you counted 20 houses going to school, and then 20 houses on the left, going home, how many houses have you counted?
20, they're the same houses going back.
What weighs more a ton of feathers or a ton of gold?
Old Mr. Tidy was found dead in his study by Mr. Fiend. Mr. Fiend recounted his dismal discovery to the police.
"I was walking by Mr. Tidy's house when I thought I would just pop in for a visit. I noticed his study light was on and I decided to peek in from the outside to see if he was in there. There was frost on the window, so I had to wipe it away to see inside. That is when I saw his body. So I kicked in the front door to confirm my suspicions of foul play. I called the police immediately afterward."
The officer immediately arrested Mr. Fiend for the murder of Mr. Tidy. How did he know Mr. Fiend was lying?
Frost forms on the inside of the window, not the outside. So Mr. Fiend could not have wiped it off to discover Mr. Tidy's body.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.561977
Retrieved Text: SYRACUSE, NY (WRVO) – The race for New York’s 22nd Congressional District seat came to an end Wendesday, when Rep. Claudia Tenney (R-New Hartford) formally conceded to Democrat Anthony Brindisi.
Claudia Tenney and Anthony Brindisi after a 22nd Congressional District Debate, Photo by Phil Westcott, WSKG.
Brindisi led Tenney by 1,294 votes after election night, and his lead only grew as absentee ballots were counted. Brindisi held a 4,000 vote lead with only 1,881 votes left to be counted in Oneida County, making it mathematically impossible for Tenney win.
Tenney spent much of her campaign trying to link Brindisi with House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, despite Brindisi’s pledge to not support Pelosi for House speaker. Earlier this month, Brindisi was one of 16 Democrats to sign a letter saying they would not vote for Pelosi.
Brindisi, in a statement, said he’s ready to get to work.
“Now that the results are official, I’m looking forward to working with Representative Tenney to ensure a smooth transition on behalf of our constituents. This Congressional seat belongs to the people of Upstate New York. I’m excited to get to work putting their needs first,” he said.
Meanwhile, Brindisi has joined the Blue Dog Coalition in Congress. Blue Dog Democrats are considered to be more conservative-leaning, and tend to vote more conservative on fiscal issues.
The last Democrat to represent the Mohawk Valley in Congress, Mike Arcuri, was also a Blue Dog Democrat. He was first elected to Congress in 2006, and lost in 2010 to Republican Richard Hanna.
Brindisi will be sworn in on January 3.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.552675
Retrieved Text: Parliament has applauded speaker Rebecca Kadaga for standing against a move by Western countries to legalise homosexuality at the Inter Parliamentary Union. Last month, Kadaga and Uganda’s delegation mobilised other African and Asian representatives to block debate on gay rights at the Inter Parliamentary Union assemblies. The motion to appreciate Kadaga was moved by Bufumbira East MP Nsaba Buturo and supported by all members in the house.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.525033
Retrieved Text: AUSTIN—The Texas House of Representatives has approved a comprehensive border security plan. House Bill 11, which passed the House on March 19, authorizes the hiring of 300 state troopers for operations along the Texas border, makes it illegal to induce a person to enter the country illegally and toughens anti-smuggling laws. It also creates the “Texas Transnational Crime Intelligence Center” to share intelligence among state and local law enforcement agencies.
Rep. Gary VanDeaver (New Boston) is a co-author of the legislation and applauded its passage in the House. “This bill sets forth a comprehensive, long-term plan to improve security along the Texas border. While the federal government has failed to address the border crisis, Texas is taking important steps to protect the safety of our families and communities,” said Rep. VanDeaver.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.518341
Retrieved Text:  Who was faithful to him that appointed him, as also Moses was faithful in all his house.
 For this man was counted worthy of more glory than Moses, inasmuch as he who hath builded the house hath more honour than the house.
 For every house is builded by some man; but he that built all things is God.
 When your fathers tempted me, proved me, and saw my works forty years.
 Wherefore I was grieved with that generation, and said, They do alway err in their heart; and they have not known my ways.
 But exhort one another daily, while it is called To day; lest any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin.
 While it is said, To day if ye will hear his voice, harden not your hearts, as in the provocation.
 For some, when they had heard, did provoke howbeit not all that came out of Egypt by Moses.
 But with whom was he grieved forty years? was it not with them that had sinned, whose carcases fell in the wilderness?
 And to whom sware he that they should not enter into his rest, but to them that believed not?
 So we see that they could not enter in because of unbelief.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.512645
Retrieved Text: Jim Carrey has faced criticism for a portrait he painted which is thought to be of White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
The apparent caricature of Ms Sanders sparked an immediate backlash – critics arguing the comedian’s painting was “unflattering”, “insulting”, and “disgraceful”.
But others applauded the portrait, apparently a piece of political satir, arguing it looked no different from a political cartoon you might find in a newspaper.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.415888
Retrieved Text: We Acrylic House is an accredited trader, importer, supplier, distributor and wholesaler of an impeccable range of Poly Carbonate Sheets, Polystyrene Sheets and Plastic Mirror Sheets. All our offered products are manufactured and developed using optimum quality raw material and exquisite tools & technology at our vendor base. Moreover, our offered products are applauded among the patrons for their attributes such as precisely engineered, low maintenance cost and easy installation.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.402562
Retrieved Text: The President is the Chief Executive. The President of the US is chosen in a national election for a four-year term of office with no more than two full terms allowed. The candidate must be at least 35 years old, a native-born citizen of the US and have lived in the US for 14 years.
The national presidential elections really consist of two separate campaigns: the primary election, and the general election. The first is for the nomination of candidates at national party conventions and the second is to win the actual election. The nominating race is a competition between members of the same party. They run in a succession of state primaries and caucuses. They hope to gain a majority of delegate votes for their national party conventions. The party convention then votes to select the party's official candidate for the presidency. Then follow several months of presidential campaigns by the candidates.
In November of the election year, the voters across the nation go to the polls. If the majority of the popular votes in a state go to the Presidential candidate of one party, then that person is supposed to get all of that state's "electoral votes". These electoral votes are equal to the number of Senators and, Representatives each state has in Congress. The electoral votes are counted and certified in the states and are sent to Congress. They are than counted in the both houses of Congress. If a presidential candidate does not get a majority of electoral votes, the Senate elects Vice President

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.394951
Retrieved Text: TWO Shelley Primary School students have won their age categories in the Safety House art competition, aimed at helping children identify safe spaces within the suburbs.
Every year primary schools all over Western Australia celebrate the Safety House program in their local communities in the art competition.
Paige Ogden and Michaela de Luzuriaga won the Year 1 and 6 categories respectively, each capturing a contemporary way to spread the Safety House message.
Michaela’s diverse elements comic strip supporting the child safety message will be the centrepiece of the 2017 Safety House poster.
From nearly 2500 entries across all primary school age groups, each of eight winning student artists were applauded at their school assemblies and awarded their certificates and cash prizes.
It is easy to be a Safety House, it costs nothing and people could be doing something important to help protect vulnerable young children in the community.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.38148
Retrieved Text: Singapore Maritime Network specializes in the manufacture and supply of high quality safety equipment. Visit our online store for more information and product range.
SMN has been recognized and applauded for organizing industry networking events. We aim to bring the professional community closer through our social initiatives.
We are able to provide with a wide selection of corporate gift ideas for all occasions and printing services for in-house use and branding purposes.

================



======= Instance Index 378 =========
Input Text: The word "wish" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He got his wish.
Sentence 2: My best wishes.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.625406
Retrieved Text: Tyler's wish to be a Miami HEAT Broadcaster | I wish to be | Wish Stories | Wishes | Make-A-Wish® Southern Florida, Inc.
It was not an ordinary day for Tyler when the Miami native’s wish to become a Miami HEAT broadcaster came true. As a huge HEAT fan, he usually watches the games on Sun Sports, but this time he got to experience everything in real life. During his wish, Tyler got to see how the players get ready for a game and all the logistics it takes to put a game on the air.
Prior to tipoff, Tyler watched courtside as players warmed up. He then went behind the scenes with the Sun Sports production team and met broadcasters Eric Reid and Tony Fiorentino. He learned the ropes on what their jobs are and how they prepare for games. He also sat in on HEAT Coach Erik Spoelstra’s pre-game press conference. Then his shining moment came true – he participated in the game broadcast during the 2nd quarter. During the game, he also visited the production truck and took part in the halftime studio show. After the buzzer, Tyler conducted the traditional “walk-off” interview with NBA MVP LeBron James.
That wasn’t all. While doing post-game coverage with broadcaster Jason Jackson in the Sun Sports studio, Tyler met his hero, HEAT Guard Dwyane Wade. His face lit up! D-Wade took pictures with Tyler’s family and presented him with an autographed jersey and sneakers. Tyler met several other players during his wish and got a tour of the HEAT

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.729794
Retrieved Text: good birthday wishes for my son or 13 birthday wishes song with name audio.
idea birthday wishes for my son or happy birthday son sayings 15 birthday wishes songs mp3.
luxury birthday wishes for my son and birthday wishes cards for son 35 birthday wishes songs in tamil for son.
fresh birthday wishes for my son or 150 best happy birthday wishes for my son from mom or dad 35 birthday wishes songs mp3 in hindi.
idea birthday wishes for my son or happy birthday son have an awesome one 67 birthday wishes songs mp3 tamil.
idea birthday wishes for my son or you make each year brighter and you continue to illuminate our lives with your smile and your kind heart happy birthday my son 64 birthday wishes for wife song downl.
awesome birthday wishes for my son and happy birthday wishes for son 72 birthday wishes song in hindi mp3.
unique birthday wishes for my son for 13374 son birthday wishes 68 birthday wishes songs in kannada.
good birthday wishes for my son or happy 18th birthday wishes to my son inspirational 18th birthday card messages lovely happy 18th birthday quotes for 49 birthday wishes for wife song download.
lovely birthday wishes for my son for birthday wishes son 56 brother birthday wishes song in hindi.
unique birthday wishes for my son or 76 birthday wishes songs in tamil films.
elegant birthday wishes for my son and happy birthday wishes for son happy birthday wishes quotes sms messages ecards images greetings 84 birthday wishes songs in hindi.
luxury birthday wishes for my son or download free

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.522127
Retrieved Text: Nic was having stomach pain… after visiting the doctor, it was initially thought that he just had a virus that would run its course. He started feeling better, but about a week later, symptoms returned, and on a more severe level. Nic was admitted to the hospital, and tests revealed that he had ulcerative colitis, causing long-lasting inflammation and ulcers in his digestive tract. It also continues to affect his joints and skin. Nic told Kids Wish Network that he dreamed about meeting legendary basketball star Stephen Curry of the Golden State Warriors. He has a passion for basketball, and is greatly inspired by his idol. With this very special wish, Curry continued his streak of 3 pointers, meeting our Wish Kids Nic, Mikel and Chase for a fun day of gaming and family togetherness.
Nic was going to have a ball! NBA star Stephen Curry said, “Have a great time, enjoy life and each other’s company… we’ve got some fun to be had!” Nic loved his time with Curry, having pictures taken together, getting a jersey signed and playing alongside him in minigolf. “I finally got to meet my idol who I look up to all the time,” said Nic. “He was really funny and down to earth. It was great spending time with him.” The basketball superstar brought along extra cheer with some members of the Golden State Warriors Dance Team to play video games and take photos with the kids. They had an amazing once-in-a-lifetime experience with their hero – it was a game

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.497467
Retrieved Text: Lighten up and live a little. – My thoughts on a page.
Tomorrow is Daniels fourth anniversary. It seems impossible to believe. As the day creeps towards us many memories flood back, those dreadfully difficult days in the hospital towards the end, the final decision to allow him home and the happiness and relief when Daniel finally got to realise his wish to return home.
This month is beyond difficult for his family as they live everyday life as ‘normal’. However, for all their sadness when speaking with his mum there is always much talk of appreciating when things are good and remembering the many stories of Daniel, for if ever there was a boy to live a life and a half it was Daniel.
Earlier this year Daniel’s family had returned from a holiday abroad and to travel there had to pass through the same airport that they last visited with Daniel in tow.
That was the year before Daniel got leukemia. He was twelve and a real live wire. The queue for passport control was very long and Daniel was pestering them to get some sweets out of the vending machine. As they neared the top of the queue he could resist no longer and ran off to get some himself. His family were furious as they waited for his return, getting nearer and nearer to the end of the queue. Just in time he arrived back loaded with the sweets he’d wanted and oblivious to the fury of family.
There may be a lesson for us all there.
Life

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.441835
Retrieved Text: I shan't be around much for a while on the forum. Last night Frances's bronchitis and cough got REALLY bad and we called the doctor. After an over-the-phone diagnosis they sent an ambulance and took her to Loudun hospital, about 11 miles away, as an emergency: blue flashing lights, the whole bit.
Aditi and I followed in the Land Rover. We didn't get home and to bed until 0300 this morning. Then they started digging up the road outside my house at 0800 this morning, with pneumatic drills.
They say that Frances will probably be in for 5-7 days (happy Easter!). It's not life-threatening but it's not much fun either. Visiting is 13:00 to 20:00 so I'm going to be in Loudun a lot.
Dear Roger, I'm sorry to hear that, I wish Frances speedy recovery.
Sorry to hear that. I send best wishes to you both.
best wishes for a swift recovery, Roger.
I'm sure Frances will be better served in the French health system than the UK.
Best wishes to you both !!
Best wishes for a speedy recovery.Watch how you go yourself.Visiting is both stressful and tiring.
Best wishes to you and Frances Roger. Make sure she is a good patient and gets well soon.
Wishing you all the best warmest thoughts for, the two of you, for a speedy and good recovery.
My thoughts are with you both - best wishes to Frances for a speedy full recovery.
A hint, Roger, which will make your visiting more pleasant. They get very uppity if you transfer her vin rouge drip to yourself!
Seriously, bronchitis is grim.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.28545
Retrieved Text: INDIANAPOLIS – Be careful what you wish for. sometimes, you get it. Rik Smits wanted Patrick Ewing. And he got him.
He also got his first scoreless game in over eight years.
Smits, paired against Ewing, who returned from his injury, bricked all five of his first-quarter shots, missed another in the third quarter and was a total non-factor in the Pacers’ spirited 88-79 comeback Game 5 victory over the Knicks that left them one victory away from the Finals.
Smits, outscored 13-0 by Ewing, was looking neither good nor effective. But after getting blanked for the first time since April 23, 1992, Smits was philosophical.
“It’s not frustrating if we win. I like to get involved and make something of a contribution, but that was not the case,” he said. “Sometimes, I start thinking too much when I miss a couple open jumpers. I start second guessing myself and I shouldn’t do that.” And maybe he should wish that Ewing stays home.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.153002
Retrieved Text: Graham Maby is a long-time bassist for Joe Jackson that joined They Might Be Giants in 1994. He played on John Henry, Why Does The Sun Shine (EP), Back To Skull, Factory Showroom, Severe Tire Damage and Working Undercover For The Man (EP). In 1997, he was "scooped away" by Natalie Merchant. His last show with TMBG was at the Chameleon Club in Lancaster, PA, which was supposedly the site of his first gig with the band. During the last show, he got his wish from the "Make a Rock Wish" foundation: the entire crowd shouted "Graham! Graham! Graham!" during "The Guitar".

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.104462
Retrieved Text: If you are a fan of hip-hop, then you should probably check out The Mr. Throwback Thursday podcast. We recently had the hosts and longtime friends— Bill Winters and Jamie Robinson — on episode 112 of Fueled by Death Cast.
Along with hearing about how they got the idea to turn their mutual love of hip-hop into a podcast that is going strong at episode 263, we got into how they discovered Death Wish Coffee and created a friendship just as strong as our coffee.
Bill fully admits that he was brought over to the dark side by Jamie, who discovered us from a simple Amazon search. He saw Death Wish Coffee, rolled the dice, and hasn’t looked back since.
“'Alright.' I said. 'I'll try it. You know, I got a $25 gift card. I will buy some of this coffee.' And I can honestly say I've not purchased another coffee since that day," Jamie said during his interview.
Now, Jamie travels with coffee, a grinder, and a French Press (he won’t travel with his Chemex). If he goes somewhere he can’t take all his caffeine paraphernalia, he has a simple solution — he grinds the coffee at home and puts it in refillable tea bags. Talk about dedication, and a fantastic idea, by the way.
At the very start of the Mr. TBT podcast, they were the epitome of fueled by Death Wish, no matter the time of day. As they have grown, so have we. They watched us when we aired a Super Bowl commercial, they tried our new

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.096754
Retrieved Text: Do not know what birthday wishes to bring to a loved one or a friend. Choose something from our proposal.
So go ahead and make their birthdays more special by sending our birthday wishes cards.
Birthday card wishes for friend. A great collection of birthday wishes so youll know exactly what to say. You need to have the right words. Happy birthday wishes for friend a friend is the one who is always there for you every time you need him without friends your life becomes full of boring.
When the well wishes all come in on your birthday. Get unique happy birthday messages wishes and poems to wish your loved ones on facebook twitter email etc. Happy birthday to my best friend.
The best happy birthday wishes for your best friend the ultimate collection of birthday wishes and quotes with images. Here are some examples on what to write in a birthday card for the special people in your life. Saying thank you for birthday wishes is important.
One of your hugs can shake off my blues and just one taste of your positive outlook can dry up my. Be more than that person who just writes the standard greeting. Need help adding a personal message to a birthday card.
Find the perfect words with this collection of happy birthday wishes for friends including birthday greetings for best friend touching funny messages. Birthday wishes definitely adds cheer on your friends or loved ones birthday. Happy birthday wishes for friends.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.069431
Retrieved Text: My love and best wishes for the New Comer. Trust the world be worth his presence.
belated happy birthday young man !
Thank u very much everyone for your well wishes.
Today, my son completed his 4 years. Wish him the very best in his prosperous and happy life.
Thanks every one for the wishes.
Best wishes for the little angel .

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.035345
Retrieved Text: Every year, on July 4th, the United States of America celebrates Independence Day. It’s a day to recognize our freedom. We celebrate our founders, those who have given their lives, and those who continue to make it possible for us to call ourselves Americans. Patriotism, whatever that means for each individual, is at the heart of this holiday.
In a letter to Make-A-Wish, wish kid Antoine wrote, “I have always dreamed about meeting American soldiers and visiting a U.S. military base. I would like to become a soldier.” Battling bone cancer, Antione developed a passion for the U.S. military from his grandfather’s stories about World War II and the arrival of U.S. Soldiers in Belgium.
Antoine and his family traveled more than 4,000 miles to Fort Knox, Kentucky where he spent time fully experiencing the life of American soldiers. After being ceremonially recruited to the army, Antoine received his very own uniform.
From there, Antione held his own during athletic training with his fellow soldiers and got to perform a drill simulating a real-life combat mission! His life-changing experience continued as he rode in an armored truck and got to sit in an Apache Attack Helicopter.
Every soldier needs a hearty meal, so Antoine enjoyed lunch with his comrades in the cafeteria. It was a special moment for everyone when soldiers approached Antoine in the lunchroom to give him patches from their own uniforms to show their support for his bravery.
But the highlight of his day came when the U.S. Army surprised Antoine with a great honor: a promotion to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.005371
Retrieved Text: Mona Jan 12 2019 4:26 am You Are totally amazing actor!! wish you all the best!!
sprei kualitas Jun 27 2017 1:35 am I knew him from "my husband got family" and now starting searching his dramas. Good job.
lavieenrose Mar 25 2016 1:06 pm @Jean P, you should watch secret of the birth then you'll find out how good of an actor he is. Hwaiting oppa!
Jean P Mar 02 2016 2:09 am Is he really good? I don't think so.
tp Jan 19 2016 4:23 pm You're such an amazing actor. I truly adore you. Best wishes!
Neme Jan 25 2013 7:05 pm He's awesome. He always shows great passion into his work, I hope he will do many good projects in the future. Also his family with actress Hong Eun-hee and two sons soooo adorable. Wish you all the best!
Tina Jan 10 2013 6:23 am Excellent Performance in "My Husband Got a Family" with Kim Nam Joo. Congratulations for You in 2012 KBS Drama Awards !! Can't wait to see another great project.
Gasenadi Mar 28 2012 12:33 pm Thoroughly enjoyed his performance as the demoted prosecutor in "Moss", a fascinating mystery. I'm checking out his other movies and dramas.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.986554
Retrieved Text: Nephew Quotes Impressive Happy Birthday Wishes For Nephew Quotes Images Memes Happy Wishes was posted in September 30 2018 at 9:40 am and has been seen by 34 users. Nephew Quotes Impressive Happy Birthday Wishes For Nephew Quotes Images Memes Happy Wishes is best picture that can use for individual and noncommercial purpose because All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. If you want to see other picture of Nephew Quotes Impressive Happy Birthday Wishes For Nephew Quotes Images Memes Happy Wishes you can browse our other pages and if you want to view image in full size just click image on gallery below.
Aunt To Nephew Quotes And Sayings Quotes Pin by Karen Joyce on Winter James Joyce Pinterest Auntie Aunt 48 Nephew Quotes QuotePrism Download I Love My Nephew Quotes And Sayings Ryancowan Quotes I Love My Nephew Quotes And Sayings Brilliant The 48 Best Neices Happy Birthday Wishes For Nephew Message Quotes Awesome Love My Nephew Quotes 48 Best Auntie Love Images On Amazing Nephew Quotes and Quotations Parryz 48 Lovely Nephew Quotes and Sayings Golfian Love For A Nephew Quotes Together With Download I Love My Nephew Nephew Quotes.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.947031
Retrieved Text: I don’t get his drift. Does he think I should quit?
I really get a bang out of Tom!
She got a kick out of the new video game.
Come on. Get a life! Go out and have some fun.
I wish Jill would get a life. She’s always complaining about nothing.
Come on get a load off your feet.
Come over here and get a load off your feet.
Get a load of that boy over there!
Get a load of this book. It’s excellent!
I got a toehold at Smiths and Sons.
He’s trying to get a toehold with Jason.
Get away! — Да ну тебя!
He didn’t say that! Get away!
No, get away! That’s can’t be true.
Don’t get so down on Janet.
My boss is getting down on me.
I got down to doing the report yesterday afternoon.
He’s really beginning to get face in that company.
I wish I could get face.
Why don’t you get in his face!
Tim really got in the coach’s face.
I really wish I could get in on the act.
Would you like to get in on the act at work?
He’s really getting into that new CD by Einaudi.
I got into the movie last night.
He got it and began having success.
Get lost! — Отстань! Сгинь!
I wish Tim would get lost.
He’s really getting off on jazz these days.
Do you get off on cult movies?
I wish Mary would get her act together.
Yes, I got my act together and found a new job.
She got her lumps for disobeying her parents.
I shouldn’t have done that. Now I’m getting my lumps.
He got his nose out of joint about the new employee.
Don’t

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.922295
Retrieved Text: wish• He can blast a race open whenever he wishes.• Anyone wishing to order the book should send a cheque to the publishers.• Everyone has the right to smoke if they wish, but not the right to ruin the health of those around them.• I wish I didn't have to go to school.• I wish I had a car like that.• Beth wished she could stay there forever.• Afterward, Violet wished she hadn't said anything.• I wish they would turn that music down.• He did not wish to appear on the terrasse of the Continental at such an early hour.• He did not wish to love one more than the next.• I wish to purchase a second house in the UK for investment purposes.• I may therefore not have heard points made to which I wish to refer.• Every country wishes to see its own sportsmen and sportswomen as international champions.• Eventually, once he has them firmly under his rounded arm, he wishes us farewell.wish to do something• This is unlikely to deter parents wishing to start a family at a more mature age than usual.• In other words, while the original does not communicate what the speaker wished to communicate, the reformulation does.• What he wishes to do is to establish through everyday occurrences the realization within you of his existence.• Below are some points which you may wish to include in your application form.• A case-study involves the in-depth study of a single example of whatever it is that the sociologist wishes to investigate.•

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.898304
Retrieved Text: Testimonials | Make-A-Wish Story | About Us | Make-A-Wish® Greater Pennsylvania and West Virginia, Inc.
"Please accept the warmest heart-felt thanks of an incredibly happy 10-year old boy, Michael, and his family for the overwhelming experiences and memories of a lifetime. Because of your investment of time and thoughtful attention to making his dreams come true, you provided something better than medicine: utter joy that lifted the spirits of the entire family to all-time highs, lasting for days and days, as little bits and pieces of his wish were revealed and granted. We have been truly blessed by your talents and generosity, and we are forever thankful... Seeing Michael run so confidently through the fireworks onto the field is a moment we will never forget and will treasure forever.
Despite some limitations, Michael is always looking for some athletic action; he is most comfortable with a ball in his arms... Make-A-Wish and the Pittsburgh Power have forever codified his love for sports and his place in the athletic world. You can be assured that for years and years hence, Michael, and his family will think back fondly to the time when he was the number one player of an incredible professional sports franchise. What a gift we have been given!
Mick's wish was to be a member of the Pittsburgh Power arena football team.
I cannot even begin to explain how thankful I am to everyone with Make-A-Wish and everyone that was involved with making my wish come true. It truly was an incredible experience that will stay with me

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.895296
Retrieved Text: For a girlfriend, you should choose the wishes that best describe your relationship with her. Here we have collections of birthday wishes for girlfriend.
Before going to birthday wishes for girlfriend, the importance of girlfriend in your life should be acknowledged. A girlfriend plays an important role in your life. Some factors that make this relationship so strong are how long you are in relation to her, how much time you have spent with her and how much you love her? When you ask these questions form your inner soul then you can realize her importance in your life.
A true girlfriend loves you a lot, she nurses you when you are ill, she cleans your home, she always encourages you and wants your success and progress, she settles her things according to your priorities, she always consoles you in your hardships and never leaves you alone. When she is doing so many efforts in order to make you happy then there are some responsibilities on your part too. These responsibilities include to take care of her, remember her special days like birthdays, job joining the day, your relationship day etc. On her birthday you should wish her like this "Happy Birthday Girlfriend", add some romantic words or images with it. she deserves it.
The most important day of her life is a birthday. Make her birthday extra special and interesting with your good wishes, messages, and images. If you looking for happy birthday wishes for girlfriend then you are at right place. You will find here romantic and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.890907
Retrieved Text: Have you been seriously searching for the best and most lovely “Happy New Month Messages/Wishes For Your Husband in November 2018 to celebrate your cute and nice husband for all the sacrifices he has been making over the years especially for the very beautiful month of November 2018, then you can be rest assured that you are not the only one searching.
Month in, month out, several mothers take into the internet to search for the best and most lovely messages for their amazing husbands and of course we applaud them.
Therefore it is very pertinent that your precious husband gets the best message for the month of November 2018.
If you are among those lovely wives searching for answers to [happy new month message to my love, happy new month message to my fiancee, inspirational happy new month messages to my, happy new message to my love, happy new month to my sweetheart, happy new month prayer messages, happy new month love sms messages, funny new month messages, Happy New Month Messages/Wishes For Your Husband | November 2018 Wishes], then you can see that you are not the only one.
Without wasting much time, let get to the topic “Happy New Month Messages/Wishes For Your Husband | November 2018 Wishes” immediately.
Below are the very best happy new month wishes for your lovely and dear husband for the month of October 2018.
No matter where you will be this month shall my heart be.
will all belong to you again like never before.
because I have my partner in success execution.
and no day

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.855851
Retrieved Text: Collin Langston got to fly with Mercy Life Line.
It’s that time of year when a lot of kids are filling out wish lists, but Collin Langston’s had nothing to do with Christmas or even his upcoming 11th birthday. His dream was to be a superhero and save his hometown of Springfield, Missouri.
Collin was born with several conditions; one causes his joints to contract so he can’t straighten his legs. He was also born with a small ribcage, which makes it difficult for his lungs to expand. When he stumbled onto information about Make-A-Wish®, his parents looked into it.
His day began with his mom’s purse getting “stolen” from a local restaurant. His dad, Chris, helped him change into his Robin-inspired costume quickly so he could chase down the villain. From there, the Springfield Fire Department picked him up and took him through town, where he helped Springfield Police apprehend a villain who was bullying “Louie,” the Springfield Cardinals’ mascot. Batman even showed up to help Collin, and the mayor pro-tem read a proclamation in honor of his bravery.
But there was one piece missing: this little superhero wanted to leave his wheelchair behind and fly.
That’s where Mercy Life Line came in a few weeks later. Collin and his dad rode with an air ambulance crew, which took him over city landmarks like Hammons Field and Bass Pro Shops. He also got a birds-eye view of his school and his house.
When he landed, the crew presented him with a “Mercy Life Lion” – a comforting stuffed animal they try

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.854468
Retrieved Text: Happy Birthday Wishes for Sister: Are you searching for birthday wishes for your sister for hours, if you really do then we must say you are in the right place. Here we are going to share with you latest collection of birthday wishes for the sister. Finding best birthday wishes is difficult nowadays, after doing lots of research we finally manage to prepare the best collection on sister wishes for you all, you surely going to love it. Before starting, from my team I like to wish you a very happy birthday to your beautiful sister.
So now without any further due, let’s directly jump into the collection of happy birthday wishes for sister, enjoy.
To have a sister like you is like to find a treasure in life. Celebrate your Birthday, you deserve all the best!
Even though I always end up making myself look like a fool, I love to do everything you do to look uber cool. Happy birthday to the coolest sister in the whole world.
I can’t count the feelings I have for you but the best one is the love that we always shared. Happy birthday and have a brilliant year ahead!
The warmest wishes to my wonderful sister that makes my life so colourful and exciting!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.82243
Retrieved Text: Every child develops a hobby they become passionate about in life. For as long as Jaeden can remember, his hobby has always been BMX bikes. Since Jaeden was diagnosed with Cystic Fibrosis, a progressive genetic lung disease, he doesn’t always feel well enough to race his bike so he spends his time watching the racers on TV and perfecting his skill. All he could think about was how he wanted to design his own BMX bike, a brand new bike so he could be just like the racers he watches on TV. Despite being diagnosed with Cystic Fibrosis, Jaeden still has the determination to fulfill his passion of racing BMX bikes.
When presented with the opportunity to have a wish, it was no surprise that Jaeden wished to design his own BMX bike. He began to create a “wish list” of bike parts and colors that would make up his perfect bike. He was motivated and excited to ensure that he designed a customized bike that would outshine any other BMX bike on the track. After a lot of designing and planning, his wish day was finally here, and Jaeden was ready to have the best day of his life.
The wish began with the help of two amazing Wish Granters who helped organize a luxury limousine to take Jaeden and his family to Power Cycles BMX, a local bike store. Little did Jaeden know he was about to embark on the shopping spree of his dreams.
“We had a great time listening to music and just enjoying the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.785409
Retrieved Text: But then, Peter had something joyful to look forward to when he got to make a wish.
When a wish is granted, a child replaces fear with confidence, sadness with joy, and anxiety with hope. What’s more, research shows that wishes give kids the edge they need to conquer their illness.
“We were still in the cancer zone, still adjusting to life not going to the hospital every day,” Peter said. But he also know he was bringing his medical journey to a happy ending.
And it didn’t end there. Peter and his family swam with dolphins. They went to a luau on Christmas day.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.779314
Retrieved Text: Happy Birthday vice! Best wishes!
Happy Birthday @UDieToday Best wishes mate.
Happy day @UDie . Sorry for my late wishes. But better late than never. Be cool and happy.
Happy birthday Vince and best wishes!
Happy New Year slayer! Have a good one.
Happy day mate. Have very nice one.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.766896
Retrieved Text: Love Wishes for Our World. Heart touching love wishes in English. The New Year brings you lots of love, happiness and success. New Year wishes 2019 are new love, old love, lost love, forbidden love. New Love is a beautiful thing. Love is possibly the most exquisite thing in this global. To fall in love is to be reminded of a frustration which you didn’t realize you had. We all recognize that love never dies however it simply gets stronger with the aid of age and time. Get inspired with the love wishes of fantastic people! Love has no limits in this new year long romance. Young Couple's First Kiss Is Like a Real-Life. Get ready to party and have fun Happy New Year 2019. People round the world are making plans parties, intimate candle light dinners, an ideal opportunity to welcome the year ahead with festivity and cheer and are excited to attend the various fireworks shows that most effective come to be larger and higher with each New 12 months.
New Year is one of the greatest and most crucial holiday in a yr. Spread the delight of this event among your loved ones with New Year greeting cards and wishes. In this article we are going to provide you best new year advance wishes for girlfriend, new year wishes for lover, new year wishes for husband, new year wishes for wife, new year greeting images, new year wishes for friends, new year greeting quotes. To be sure, the best thing that you will learn

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.7474985
Retrieved Text: Birthday of wife is something that couple loves to celebrate with the pleasure and to make him or her special, they want to send the most lovable birthday wish. For this, we are here for you to share the best Happy birthday wishes to love and to make their Birthday special with these Romantic Happy Birthday Wishes to Wife. We have selected the most resplendent bday wishes for girlfriend which can surely win their heart and your relationship will become stronger by sending these Birthday wishes for a wife. These birthday wishes are a gesture to show that how much you love your partner and I’m sure they will love you even more. So, don’t wait now go and select your favorite one and wish your partner a very happy birthday. Here are some Most Romantic Birthday Wishes For Wife | Make Her Feel Special.
Hi, I know you can read me inside out. And that’s exactly why I want you to feel the love that I have for you. I will forever love you. Happy Birthday sweetheart.
Today I wish you a happy birthday and you day be filled with love and happiness just like you shower my life with your immense love and brighten up my days with your beautiful smile you give every day when you wake me up in the morning. I love you a lot. to the most beautiful wife in the world.
If a genie decided to grant me one wish, I would tell him that I’ve already got what I want in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.717732
Retrieved Text: Special friends need special attention. They deserve more appreciations and love than anybody else. Here is a great collection of best birthday wishes to share with your best friend on his/her birthday. You can use these ecards to wish your bestie and put him/her on cloud nine. You can share these greeting wishes through whatsapp, facebook or any social media profiles.
No other day can be more apt and better to express your love over your best friend than his/her birthday. It’s the special day to be filled with the special moments. Cherish your friend’s birthday and make it a life time memorable thing with your wishes. Rather than any plain text message, use our stunning collection of happy birthday wishes ecards to express your love.
Thank you for putting up with my moods and crazy streaks. You are like a sister to me. You are my everything! Happy birthday to you!
When nothing goes right, I go to you. You're my go to person at every hour. Happy birthday Dear.
Happiest birthday to my best friend. You deserve all the wonderful things that you have right now. You are the purest soul, and you have the biggest heart. I love you.
Best wishes on your birthday! You deserve all the wonderful things in this world because you are the best person I know. I love you! Happy birthday!
You simply are the best. Never spend a moment doubting it. Keep shining, my bright star. Have the best birthday!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.714558
Retrieved Text: (Oct. 14, 2017) Today, Make-A-Wish Massachusetts and Rhode Island, in partnership with the Seekonk Speedway, hosted a surprise wish reveal for wish recipient, Shawn Doyle Jr., 16, of Swansea, MA, at the Speedway’s annual “Spooktacular” event.
Shawn, diagnosed with end stage renal disease, has always enjoyed restoring classic cars with his dad. Shawn’s wish is to have his 1970 Chevrolet Nova remodeled, a project he had begun working on with his dad before he got sick. As part of the wish reveal, the Seekonk Speedway surprised Shawn with an announcement over their loudspeaker that his wish was coming true. As Shawn’s newly remodeled car was driven out in front of the crowd, the crowd cheered for the teen and his family. A Seekonk Speedway driver then took Shawn and his dad on a victory lap around the track in the newly remodeled Chevy Nova. Shawn’s car was later displayed on the midway, where event attendees could meet Shawn in person and get a closer look at the vehicle.
Earlier this year, Shawn received a new kidney from his dad and underwent a life-changing kidney transplant. His heartfelt wish brought hope and joy to him and his family, and this special day provided memories that will last a lifetime.
Make-A-Wish® Massachusetts and Rhode Island grants wishes for children between the ages of 2½ and 18 years of age with life-threatening medical conditions to enrich the human experience with hope, strength, and joy. For a child with a life-threatening illness, a wish fulfilled provides profound joy and lasting hope to keep

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.707564
Retrieved Text: What a wonderfully fun day in the sun with friends walking for a great cause! I wrote a while back that I was going to participate in a Walk for Wishes event with my buddy Logan and as promise some pictures from the day!
The team of Logan’s Hero’s at the Walk for Wishes – Make a Wish Walk!
I didn’t realize my “fisheye” effect was on my camera at first, so the first dozen or so pictures have the funky effect on them! Such a fun time walking with all my Ninja Turtle team.
Blitz the Seahawks mascot was hanging out with the Wish team today!
There was so much going on at this event; balloon animals, face painting, snacks and prizes, Blitz from the Seahawks, a huge guy from Halo, bouncy houses and lots of sunshine!
Brandy and Logan listening to an inspirational Wish Kid!
The young boy who spoke has suffered from kidney decease all his life and was lucky enough to receive a transplant last year. His wish was to meet the band Macklemore and he said the excitement of the wish and the wish itself truly helped him get through some very sad and scary times in his life. For a very young man he did a wonderful job!
Team Logan walking the course!
I’m a Frenchie fan and so I had to capture one of the cute little canine walkers!
I had such a fun day!
I made some new friends, was inspired by so many brave kids and selfless volunteers, got to spend the day with Logan who is

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.689226
Retrieved Text: The family of Joseph Haynes laid the 16-year-old to rest Friday. He was shot and killed in the Franklin County Courthouse last Wednesday by a Sheriff's deputy.
The Sheriff's Office says it happened during a physical confrontation between the deputy, Haynes, and his mother.
Haynes' father shared his conflicted feelings with 10TV. Kyle Fortney is a father in mourning.
"I couldn't believe it. Still, don't believe it. I wish- I just think it's a bad dream," he said.
This week, he flew from his home in Florida to lay to rest his 16-year-old son.
"He loved being on the water, he loved anything outdoors. He used to go fishing with me on the lobster boat, he'd go out with me for a week at a time on the lobster boat when he was little," Fortney said.
But the boy who loved water was also a teen in trouble.
He was in Juvenile Court last week on a case where he was accused of threatening someone with a gun. It wasn't his first criminal charge.
"He was a 16-year-old kid that found a gun, thought it was cool, 'Oh I got a gun,' waving it around, and the one time he had the gun, he shot his own finger off. A 16-year-old kid. He's not gonna shoot nobody. I took him hunting before and he cried when I shot a deer," Fortney said.
Fortney wasn't in the courtroom with his son last week- Haynes' mother and grandmother were.
The Sheriff's Office says Haynes and his mother were involved in a physical confrontation with Deputy Richard Scarborough. Scarborough

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.688991
Retrieved Text: Yo Momma is so fat… That she makes Godzilla look like an action figure.
A family is driving in their car on a holiday. A frog crosses the road and the husband, who is driving, is able to stop the car. He gets out an takes the frog and carries him to the side of the road. Frog is grateful, thanks the man, and tells him that he will grant him a wish. Man says: please make my dog win the next dog race. Frog asks to look at the dog which jumps out of the car. The frog notices that the dog has only got three legs and tells the man that he thinks it is almost impossible to fulfill his wish and asks that the man will tell him another wish. The man says: "Well, then please help that my wife will win the next beauty contest in the area." Frog asks him to tell his wife to get out of the car. Wife comes out of the car and approaches the frog. The frog turns to the man and says: "Could I please have another look at the dog?"
A snail and a slug got in a crash. When the police, ambulances and news reporters arrived, a reporter asked a tortoise what happened. He replied: "I don't know, it all happened so fast!"
A farmer was helping one of his cows give birth when he noticed his four-year-old son standing at the fence with wide eyes, taking in the whole event. The man thought to himself,

================



======= Instance Index 240 =========
Input Text: The word "hell" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: War is hell.
Sentence 2: The hell of battle.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.64023
Retrieved Text: ‘Billy Boy’ is a movie genre Crime, was released in June 15, 2018. Bradley Buecker was directed this movie and starring by Blake Jenner. This movie tell story about When an angry teenager discovers a close friend has been killed, grief jeopardizes his future and he finds himself engulfed in danger.
Directed By : Bradley Buecker.
Written By : Blake Jenner.
Production : Fiction Pictures, Stay Relevant Productions, Seasick Pictures.
watch full Billy Boy 2018 movie online, Watch Billy Boy 2018 For Free online, Streaming Billy Boy 2018 For Free Online, Streaming Billy Boy 2018 Online Free Megashare, watch full Billy Boy movie, Watch Billy Boy 2018 Online Viooz, watch full Billy Boy 2018 film, streaming Billy Boy, Billy Boy movie download, streaming Billy Boy 2018 movie, Billy Boy film download, watch film Billy Boy 2018 now, watch full film Billy Boy 2018, Watch Billy Boy 2018 Online Putlocker, Billy Boy 2018 film trailer, Watch Billy Boy 2018 Online Free hulu, watch Billy Boy film now, film Billy Boy 2018 download, Watch Billy Boy 2018 Online Megashare, download full movie Billy Boy 2018, film Billy Boy 2018 online, watch Billy Boy movie now, watch full film Billy Boy 2018 online, Billy Boy streaming, Watch Billy Boy 2018 Online Free Putlocker, Watch Billy Boy 2018 Online Free 123movie, Watch Billy Boy 2018 Online 123movies, Watch Billy Boy 2018 Online Free netflix, Watch Billy Boy 2018 Online Free megashare, Billy Boy 2018 Watch Online, Watch Billy Boy 2018 Online Free Viooz, film Billy Boy online streaming, Watch Billy Boy 2018 Online Free,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.38654
Retrieved Text: The time has come for Marvel Comics to celebrate its 80th anniversary - and to do it, one of their classic titles is being given new life in a special one-shot issue, WAR IS HELL #1. And we've got an exclusive preview of the new (old?) war title.
The new issue is intended as a tribute to the first version of WAR IS HELL, a series published in 1973 collecting older strips from war-era comic books before shifting towards new stories. With the new one-shot from Howard Chaykin, Phillip K. Johnson, and a varied art team, a similar blend of throwback and modern sensibility seems to be at work. But as our exclusive preview shows, readers are going to leave surprised. In WAR IS HELL #1, it isn't writing or artwork that's acting as the backbone to World War I - it's music.
The new WAR IS HELL is just one of a batch of reinvigorated series from Marvel's history, being reactivated for a special issues as part of the 80th anniversary celebration. The entire slate was first detailed during New York Comic Con, with WAR IS HELL the first to release alongside CRYPT OF SHADOWS, an homage to the horror comic books of the 1970s from Al Ewing and Garry Brown. The week after, Cullen Bunn and artists Clay Chapman and Francesco Manna will deliver their rendition of JOURNEY INTO UNKNOWN WORLDS, and its history of science-fiction storytelling. The trend will continue with releases like ZIGGY PIG AND SILLY SEAL, LOVE ROMANCES, and even a return of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.267561
Retrieved Text: I'm playing Hell, a fantasy turn-based strategy game by Hunted Cow Studios and Slitherine.
A modification of the Battle Academy 2 game engine, Hell features two ten-mission campaigns (one for good, one for evil) where you can access any scenario at any time. Unlike other Battle Academy 2 offspring, Hell does not feature randomized maps or single-player skirmish games; nine maps are offered for online play using Slitherine’s handy play by e-mail system. Melee and ranged units have a variety of special abilities and/or spells that can buff or damage other units. Combat involves placing units around the enemy to enable flanking and support bonuses; this decreases morale (called “willpower” here) and increases damage. The AI is very inconsistent (which may explain the lack of single-player skirmish games), occasionally surrounding your vulnerable units but usually sending ineffective piecemeal attacks; generally, the game has to supply the AI enemy with more units to compensate for lacking tactics. While Hell is an inspired adaptation of the Battle Academy 2 engine, the title lacks randomized AI skirmishes and a competent computer opponent.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.166912
Retrieved Text: Touhou Kobuto V: Burst Battle by NIS America, Inc.
Touhou Kobuto V: Burst Battle is rated 2.2 out of 5 by 9.
Touhou Kobuto V: Burst Battle is a bullet-hell battle game that takes place in the Touhou universe. Take control of your favorite Touhou characters and join the fray. Featuring ear-tingling beats for each character, you might just find yourself dancing while you play.
Return to the world of Touhou - Jump back into the world of Touhou and play as some of your favorite characters.
High-Flying Combat - Take your bullet hell battles to the sky with the ability to fly.
Climb the Rankings - Compete at home with friends, or online against everyone to climb the rankings and become the ultimate Touhou fighter.
Languages - Enjoy English in-game text.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.03881
Retrieved Text: Battle never ceases in the realm known as Hell. This time around it's a battle for the freedom of your very soul. Will you be able to escape from the prison hidden in the darkest deepest chasm of Hell?
Here is my ranking: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOauLL7GXiI&list=UUbceJgOEJDEGaQV5SeJseMQ Agree? Disagree? Discuss..I'm always curious as to what what others think of the series..
How do I get this Holy Item?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.850191
Retrieved Text: From Eisner Award-winning artist Simon Bisley - legendary artist of Batman/Judge Dredd: Judgement on Gotham and Lobo - comes a new series that finds Heaven and Hell at war in an angelic battle of the fate of Mankind. Hidden amongst the heaving masses of humanity is John Pozner, the tormented ex-con who can end the fighting and whom both sides in the war seek. And, for John, what seemed just bad dreams of angelic death and slaughter are about to take on a horrific reality!
From Eisner Award-winning artist Simon Bisley - legendary artist of Batman/Judge Dredd: Judgement on Gotham and Lobo - comes a new series that finds Heaven and Hell at war in an angelic battle over the fate of Mankind. Whether he likes it or not, troubled soul John Pozner is humanity's only salvation against the approaching Armageddon. But with the final battle at hand and his training only just beginning, the gravity of John's apocalyptic destiny is only now beginning to dawn.
From Eisner Award-winning artist Simon Bisley - legendary artist of Batman/Judge Dredd: Judgement on Gotham and Lobo - comes a new series that finds Heaven and Hell at war in an angelic battle over the fate of Mankind. Growing sceptical of his newfound mentors, John Pozner, Earth's reluctant saviour against the forces of darkness and light, decides to hit the streets and face his destiny alone. But with evil's stranglehold on congress tightening and his training far from finished, will John be prepared to face the holy war that's on the horizon?
From

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.640131
Retrieved Text: Uncle Sam - Buy War Bonds galaxy s8 case by War Is Hell Store. Protect your Galaxy S8 with an impact-resistant, slim-profile, hard-shell case. The image is printed directly onto the case and wrapped around the edges for a beautiful presentation. Simply snap the case onto your Galaxy S8 for instant protection and direct access to all of the phone's features!
There are no comments for Uncle Sam - Buy War Bonds. Click here to post the first comment.
This vintage World War Two poster features Uncle Sam holding an American Flag and urging troops and bombers forward into battle. It declares, "Buy War Bonds". Celebrate American and WW2 History with this digitally restored vintage war poster from The War Is Hell Store.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.563982
Retrieved Text: The Story: I've found that I can do my best parodies on songs with the most words, and this one is right up there. This version flips the original upside down, completely focusing on eternity and our need for a Savior. I consider this one of my best rewrites to date, if that's worth anything. It certainly has power.
Silently dreaming while the Liar is prowling; is now your finale tonight?
There's a being of shadow with no fun in his eye and a hate for the true contrite.
He's evil, so beware — you can wonder if you'll die and the bill is going to come too steep.
Oh, I read about a rich man pray for his brothers 'cause the devil is playin' for keeps.
I say your soul's the only thing in your whole world that's meant for Heaven's light.
But whoever you are and whatever you do is never gonna reach that height.
when it's over, you're done, and that day is unknown.
You can't get out of Hell, it goes on 'til forever comes.
When your life is over, you can't get out of Hell, it goes on, on, on.
When your day is done, have you won a crown, or is judgment coming due?
There is a Savior within the gates of Heaven and He's calling on out to you.
When the wood was so hard and the people were angry, but He gave it all to make you right.
Light can never show in an unredeemed soul; I tell you you'll be burning and lost.
then all will know Who they have crossed.
You

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.469746
Retrieved Text: [Source: Fox 10 News] — Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer is caught on camera making a remark you wouldn’t expect. The state’s budget battle apparently prompted her to refer to the State Capitol as a “hell hole.” No doubt the state’s budget battle taken its toll on Gov. Brewer — enough to get her to say something surprising during a stop in Tucson.
Her office says she wasn’t referring to the city of Phoenix — instead, the state Capitol. Not because of the building, but because of the budget battle.
It’s been a trying few months for Brewer as she’s tried to solve the state’s huge budget deficit. Brewer has been pushing for a 1-percent sales tax increase, but lawmakers in her own party have fought back against it. The governor expects to call lawmakers back to work soon to try and resolve the remaining budget issues.
Posted on October 1, 2009, in Politics, Weather and tagged Hell, Jan Brewer, Phoenix, State Capitol, Tucson. Bookmark the permalink.	Leave a comment.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.43369
Retrieved Text: Ti: Hell-bent and Heaven-bound 1/4 ?
Ti: Hell-bent and Heaven-bound 2/4 ?
Ti: Hell-bent and Heaven-bound 3/4 ?
Ti: Hell-bent and Heaven-bound 4/4 ?
Ti: God Don't Live on Cell Block D 1/2 ?
Ti: God Don't Live on Cell Block D 2/2: Conclusion ?
Ti: The Former Things 1/2: The second coming of Daniel Ketch ?
Ti: The Former Things 2/2: Requiem for a Caretaker ?
Ti: Last Stand of the Spirits of Vengeance 1/5 ?
Ti: Last Stand of the Spirits of Vengeance 2/5 ?
Ti: Last Stand of the Spirits of Vengeance 3/5 ?
Ti: Last Stand of the Spirits of Vengeance 4/5 ?
Ti: Last Stand of the Spirits of Vengeance 5/5: Conclusion ?
Ti: Trials and Tribulations 1/3: Once were Ghost Riders ?
Ti: Trials and Tribulations 2/3: On the road again ?
Ti: Trials and Tribulations 3/3: Of flesh and fire ?
Ti: Heaven's on Fire 1/6: Save the Antichrist, save the world ?
Ti: Heaven's on Fire 2/6: Are you there, Devil? It's me, Danny. ?
Ti: Heaven's on Fire 3/6: The brothers Ghost Rider ?
Ti: Heaven's on Fire 4/6: Here comes Hell ?
Ti: Heaven's on Fire 5/6: Sole reigning holds the tyranny of Heaven ?
Ti: Heaven's on Fire 6/6: If you can't lower Heaven, raise Hell ?
Ti: Vicious Cycle 1/4 ?
Ti: Vicious Cycle 2/4 ?
Ti: Vicious Cycle 3/4 ?
Ti: Vicious Cycle 4/4: Conclusion ?
Ti: The day Johnny came home ?
Ti: Hell to Pay 1/2 ?
Ti: Hell to Pay 2/2 ?
Ti: Casualties of War Tie-in: The Legend of Sleepy Hollow, Illinois 1/4 ?
Ti: Casualties of War Tie-in: The Legend of Sleepy Hollow, Illinois 2/4 ?
Ti: Casualties of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.431005
Retrieved Text: Manage, recruit and battle with your teams here.
Test your talent in a mixed media art tournament.
Voting for member battles will take place here.
Battle? smudge battle, By Linda.
Sirenzo crowned Halloween Hell Champ!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.226395
Retrieved Text: The outbreak of war by ISIS would cause many Muslim America soliders to perish. Those Muslims that would attack them would have their destiny in hell as supported by both the Book of Hadith and Quran. Remember the war in 911 event. Suicide attack caused the entire building in America to be destoyed entirely and killed numerous Muslim American citizens. Even though Muslim extremists had succeed their plan in attacking America, their Muslim soldiers could not escape from hell due to they had killed numerous Muslim America citizens. Had they succeeded to cause many people to be converted to Muslims? Or, had they done the reverse to send many Muslims to hell? Indeed, their work had turned their whole plan upside down since they had sent many fellow Muslims to hell as a result of killing many Muslim America citizens. The same is now. The Muslim soldiers intend to attack America. They might kill many Muslim America soldiers in the war. Their destiny is predictable in Quran as well as in the book of Hadith. Hell-fire! The book of Hadith seems to give no grace even if the people called themselves to Muslims and act against the words of Quran: (Book #88, Hadith #204)-Sahih Bukhari: ['Narrated Al-Hasan: (Al-Ahnaf said:) I went out carrying my arms during the nights of the affliction (i.e. the war between 'Ali and Alsha) and Abu Bakra met me and asked, 'Where are you going?' I intend to help the cousin of Allah's Apostle (i.e. 'Ali).' Abu Bakra said, 'Allah Apostle said,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.200155
Retrieved Text: The last of Earth's magicians are living in fear. A Cenobite Hell Priest known as Pinhead is killing them off, gorging on their knowledge to enhance his own magical powers as part of a quest to take over Hell.
The last of Earth's magicians are living in fear. A Cenobite Hell Priest known as Pinhead is killing them off, gorging on their knowledge to enhance his own magical powers as part of a quest to take over Hell. Meanwhile, Private Investigator Harry D' Amour is fulfilling the final wishes of the dead, who communicate with his business associate, the blind medium Norma Paine. But while investigating one such case, Harry inadvertently opens up a portal between Hell and Earth.
When Harry's nemesis Pinhead emerges through the portal, a vicious battle ensues. After failing to enlist Harry to pen his Scarlet Gospels - the epistles chronicling the Hell Priest's grand coup - Pinhead instead captures Norma. Harry realizes he must go through Hell - literally - to save her.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.177677
Retrieved Text: 2112TD is a sci-fi tower defence game for Android and iOS combining both classic tower defence and real time strategy features. Set 100 years in the future, battle inter-dimensional hell spawn across the solar system and defend Humanity from complete annihilation.
2112TD is a sci-fi tower defence game for Android and iOS combining both classic tower defence and real time strategy features.
Set 100 years in the future, battle inter-dimensional hell spawn across the solar system and defend Earth's colonies from complete annihilation.
2112TD is being developed as a true indie title with no investment or financial backing. United under the banner of Refinery Productions the eight sci-fi geeks are driven by an intense need for endless virtual slaughter.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.132734
Retrieved Text: synopsis (EN) Deceived by the forces of evil into prematurely bringing about the end of the world, War - the first Horseman of the Apocalypse - stands accused of breaking the sacred law by inciting a war between Heaven and Hell. In the slaughter that ensued, the demonic forces defeated the heavenly hosts and laid claim to the Earth. Brought before the sacred Charred Council, War is indicted for his crimes and stripped of his powers. Dishonored and facing his own death, War is given the opportunity to return to Earth to search for the truth and punish those responsible. Hunted by a vengeful group of Angels, War must take on the forces of Hell, forge uneasy alliances with the very demons he hunts, and journey across the ravaged remains of the Earth on his quest for vengeance and vindication.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.11719
Retrieved Text: Battle your way into Hell! Very high level play.
Players must travel aboard a demon ship to rescue the wrongfully condemned soul of a paladin and restore a trapped temple to the Prime Material Plane. Are you brave, strong, and resolute enough to face the horrific minions and overwhelming terrors of Hell itself?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.064459
Retrieved Text: Where you are under siege in the heaviest battle of all.
Before they know what's fatigue.
Because we do'nt know how the hell to pretend we live.
Even to joy in their great sadness.
And death itself dies of envy and resentment.
In the heaviest battle of all!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.057814
Retrieved Text: ✪ Next-Generation Revolutionary cards battle game in 3D and with hundreds of stunning battle visual effects. Players will actually experience the epic battles happen in front of them.
✪ The real strategic cards game, 3 kinds of card types: Unit, Spell, Trap. Build up your own cards deck to conquer your opponent.
✪ Experience real-time match making and battle with players around the world.
✪ Join the battle of 3 main factions: Shrine Alliance, Nature Force, Hell Legion.
✪ Easy to play, Difficult to master. You can start immediately without knowing any rules of battle.
✪ Legendary sound tracks music inspire you while playing.
✪ Amazing game interface and artworks.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.044357
Retrieved Text: I Hope They Serve Beer In Hell. - i hope they serve beer in hell.
I Hope they serve beer in hell, is about the main characters life and events of the crazy things that happen to him. Its his first book is the beginning of his career basically. He writes about his life yes, but he tells about the struggles he battle through being a writer.He went to school to be a lawyer and then decided to start writing, he enjoys it. I recommend his books if you like funny comical reading.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.021067
Retrieved Text: From Eisner Award-winning artist Simon Bisley - legendary artist of Batman/Judge Dredd: Judgement on Gotham and Lobo - comes a new series that finds Heaven and Hell at war in an angelic battle of the fate of Mankind. Hidden amongst the heaving masses of humanity is John Pozner, the tormented ex-con who can end the fighting and whom both sides in the war seek. And, for John, what seemed just bad dreams of angelic death and slaughter are about to take on a horrific reality!
From Eisner Award-winning artist Simon Bisley - legendary artist of Batman/Judge Dredd: Judgement on Gotham and Lobo - comes a new series that finds Heaven and Hell at war in an angelic battle over the fate of Mankind. Whether he likes it or not, troubled soul John Pozner is humanity's only salvation against the approaching Armageddon. But with the final battle at hand and his training only just beginning, the gravity of John's apocalyptic destiny is only now beginning to dawn.
From Eisner Award-winning artist Simon Bisley - legendary artist of Batman/Judge Dredd: Judgement on Gotham and Lobo - comes a new series that finds Heaven and Hell at war in an angelic battle over the fate of Mankind. Growing sceptical of his newfound mentors, John Pozner, Earth's reluctant saviour against the forces of darkness and light, decides to hit the streets and face his destiny alone. But with evil's stranglehold on congress tightening and his training far from finished, will John be prepared to face the holy war that's on the horizon?
From

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.990239
Retrieved Text: BACK FROM HELL For eight bloody years, the Star Kingdom of Manticore and its allies have taken the war to the vastly more powerful People's Republic of Haven, and Commodore Honor Harrington has been in the forefront of that war. But now Honor has fallen, captured by the Peep Navy, turned over to the forces of State Security ... and executed on the interstellar network's nightly news. The Manticoran Alliance is stunned and infuriated by Honor's death and grimly resolved to avenge it. Yet their military is over-extended and the People's Republic is poised to take (he offensive once more, this time with a new strategy, new weapons, a new command team, and a whole new determination to win. The war is about to enter a phase of unprecedented ferocity . . . and the Alliance is on the short end of the stick. But even as powerful Peep fleets hurtle towards their objectives, neither they nor the Alliance are aware of events occurring on a distant, isolated, inescapable prison planet called Hell. For what no one knows, not even State Security, is that Honor Harrington is not dead. She and a handful of her people are trapped on Hell, and determined to disprove the Peep boast that no one can ever escape it. Honor Harrington is going home, and taking her people with her... even if she has to conquer Hell to do it.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.964458
Retrieved Text: Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Season 4 Review!! 99.9% Spoiler Free!!
OMG!! Look who’s coming to Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.!!
Ghost Rider feels the sting of Scorpion in 1 Minute Melee!!
Prepare yourselves for one hell of a battle!! The Ninja spectre from Mortal Kombat takes on the Spirit of Vengeance to see who is the true spawn from hell! No Research! Two Fighters! 60 seconds! Time for MELEE!!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.953551
Retrieved Text: Sherman's devastating march led to the kind of warfare that culminated in World War II.
SPEAKING AT THE 1880 reunion of the Grand Army of the Republic, the Union general best known for his destructive march through the Confederacy's heartland uttered the words that would be reshaped for posterity: "There is many a boy here today who looks on war as all glory, but, boys," the 60-year-old William Tecumseh Sherman declared, "it is all hell."
Remembered more pithily as "War is hell," the phrase distilled a sentiment that Sherman had voiced on many occasions, including once before the mayor and town council of Atlanta after he had brought that key Confederate city to its knees. The fact that this grand master of scorched-earth devastation abhorred war was, in his mind, neither an irony nor a contradiction. Sherman simply saw his approach to war as the best way of limiting its lethal potential.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.921893
Retrieved Text: Visit an ethereal world at King Jack Casino with Archangels Salvation Slot. It is brought to you by NetEnt, with 6 reels and 100 paylines. Witness the final battle between good and evil, represented by angels and demons. The game is set against a background showing heaven on one side and hell on the other. You can see both an angel and a demon ready for battle. Join them and get ready for hours of entertainment!
Wild Symbols: The Wild or “W” symbol on Archangels Slot replaces all others in a winning combination apart from Scatter. It appears fully or partially in 2x2 stacks in Hot Spot areas.
Hot Spot Areas: There are 2 Hot Spot areas on this slot. The first one constitutes the top 2 rows and the second area consists of the bottom 2.
Scatter and Free Spins: When 3, 4, 5 and 6 scatters or S symbols appear, they award 10, 15, 20 and 25 free spins, respectively. The free spins cannot be retriggered.
Heaven Feature: The Heaven Feature occurs in the top Hot Spot area when 2x2 wild symbols land fully or partially. When the 2x2 wilds partially appear, 2 stacks of wilds are triggered. When they fully appear, 4 stacks of wild symbols are generated.
Hell Feature: The Hell Feature is activated in the bottom Hot Spot area when 2x2 wilds appear fully or partially. Single wilds are randomly shot from the Hell area. When 2x2 wilds partially appear, 8 single wild symbols are awarded. Sixteen single wilds are generated when they fully land on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.914757
Retrieved Text: Said "Updated status Said "I have a new screenplay, "A Season in Hell" about Operation Neptune during the Normandy invasion during WWII.""
Said "I have a new screenplay, "A Season in Hell" about Operation Neptune during the Normandy invasion during WWII."
Said "I'm in production with "Scorpion." "In the city when the night comes and light is scarce men will make war with the innocent. There you will find 'Scorpion.'" John Cervantez leaves Iraq and Operation Iraqi Freedom, war tested and psychologically fatigued, to find a not so different battle at home. Coping with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, like many if not all returning soldiers that saw battle, John Cervantez makes a decision to honor the Green Berets and his father and use his training and skills to bring peace and justice to the community."

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.912727
Retrieved Text: Hell Let Loose is a realistic World War 2 online shooter featuring massive battles with up to 100 players and vehicles. There are 14 distinct character classes to choose from and 1:1 scale recreations of famous WW2 battle sites.
You need a Core i5-4670K 3.4GHz or FX-8370 processor coupled with a GeForce GTX 1060 to run Hell Let Loose system requirements at recommended. You can expect to get around 60FPS at 1080p screen res on high graphics settings with this hardware. System memory required for Hell Let Loose is 8 GB performance memory. System memory for min is 8 GB. Your graphics card will need to be capable of running DirectX 11. Recommended needs around a 3 year old PC to run.
What's your user review score for Hell Let Loose?
Please login to add your score for Hell Let Loose Graphics played on the pc.
Please login to add your score for Hell Let Loose Lifespan played on the pc.
Please login to add your score for Hell Let Loose Value played on the pc.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.863023
Retrieved Text: A resounding slam filled the arena. In that split moment, Ye Wu had collided with Wu Siduo, cloaked in flames both blooming and azure. And he had been sent flying with a single paw of Hell White Tiger.
The Hell White Tigers forelegs were each equipped with armor that looked like a coat of scales. These were the four battle armor pieces from before her transformation. It had taken much design ingenuity to create armor pieces that worked in all three of her forms.
With the advent of Wu Siduos Hell White Tiger form, she had closed the gap between them.
Ye Wus rough collision disoriented him, but he shook it off and steeled himself. His armor shone with pale blue light, enveloping him in a sapphire aura. But no matter how brave he tried to act, he couldnt hide his shock. Damn shes strong! Shes even more powerful than a Soul King! As expected of a soul fusion skill!
The Hell White Tiger leaped through the air, pouncing on Ye Wu.
Knowing better than to face Wu Siduo directly now, he turned tail and ran. The biggest weakness of soul fusion skills was its duration. With his speed advantage, he could evade the Hell White Tigers pursuit until the skill wore off. His highest chance of victory lay in this.
However, the Hell White Tiger was much faster than Ye Wu had anticipated, twice as quick as the Hell Civet. But more importantly, the achilles heel to Ye Wus combat style was revealing itself! As the Hell White Tiger chased after

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.827239
Retrieved Text: War is hell, postcards from World War 1.
French real photo postcards from World War I. Feel free to use these images in your own artwork.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.809191
Retrieved Text: Hell Hunters (1986) — A Nazi scientist, wanted as a war criminal, develops a spider serum that turns people into fascist Nazi zombies. A pair of investigators who have devoted their lives to hunting down Nazi war criminals set out to stop him.
Hell Hunters DVD is manufactured on demand when ordered and ships worldwide! Important: This title has been compiled from the best-quality video master currently available and has not been remastered or restored. The print transfer is supplied on premium Taiyo Yuden DVD-R with thermal print in a clear plastic wallet.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.794406
Retrieved Text: Music extracted from the madness of war in Iraq.
Soundtrack to war showcases spontaneous music performances by a striking cast of the battle weary – performances made without rehearsal, under the blaring Iraqi sun, with the backdrop of a destroyed city, grit and dust and the distraction of gunfire and bursting mortar shells.
American culture came into Iraq, wired into its tanks and helicopters – a live soundtrack to war, with lyrics such as Let the bodies hit the floor, Round out the tank and Bombs over Baghdad being memorised by every soldier and forever linked to the violent events they accompanied. As the war extended into its second year, many started writing and performing their own songs. It was rock, rap and roll.
War is Heavy Metal – lyrics in Metal and Gore tell us what it’s like on this hell-fire ride; rap battles in the bullring say it like it is – it’s a Baghdad thing!
This film takes us on the whole emotional roller coaster ride of the young and talented who have found themselves in the hell of war, and who want to stay alive.
via Soundtrack to war – George Gittoes – CIA.
This is a work I did when I was just 19 or 20 years old. It is about indecision.

================



======= Instance Index 465 =========
Input Text: The word "preserve" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Preserve the peace in the family.
Sentence 2: To preserve silence.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.856602
Retrieved Text: Alongside you is Harrington Law.
Confidently taking you to the next place in life.
Although the structure of your family will be changing, the heart of it never will. And you, at its center, know how to best bring it all back together so everyone can preserve their dignity and peace of mind-- and be healthy, happy, and secure under this new living situation.
Our mediation training and legal expertise enables us to skillfully guide you in what makes the most sense for your family.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.814373
Retrieved Text: The primary purpose of the Canaday Family Charitable Trust is to encourage and support not-for-profit organizations that work in Vermont to improve the lives of children and families, promote environmental education and conservation, and preserve the environment.
The foundation seeks to fund innovative programs with clear, measurable goals for creating unique and significant improvements in the lives of children and in the environment.
In response to calls from Israeli and Palestinian peace organizations, the Canaday Family Charitable Trust has divested whenever possible from companies that are engaged in the production of weapons.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.700918
Retrieved Text: Peace Gourmet Honey is produced from the finest floral varieties of nectars from the Peace Country in North West Alberta.
The WildBerry honey is harvested by the bees from the flowers of Saskatoon, Choke Cherry, wild Raspberry and Strawberry, High Bush Cranberry, Wild Rose among the naturally growing flowers on the banks of the majestic Peace River. It has a natural fruity taste that remembers its origin and is highly appreciated by our customers. Our honey makes an excellent gift for a corporate event or for a wedding. Custom labels add that special touch.
Also available is the famous Clover Fields honey from fields of Alsike and Red Clover and Alfalfa at the end of a range road by the foot hills of Northern Alberta. It is a mild tasting honey with a butterscotch final note that you should try in your cuisine.
The Alfalfa honey is praised by those who look for a stronger "honey" flavor for enhancing baking or preserves family made.
The Sweet Clover honey has a mild and delicate taste with a Honey Suckle note. It crystallized into a soft cream honey too.
All our bee yards are harvested separately in order to preserve their unique character. They are separated by a minimum of 2 miles from mono-cultural crops to preserve their purity.
Peace Gourmet Honey was started in 1998 by Jean Coppens d'Eeckenbrugge a.k.a. "Jean des Abeilles" and is an artisanal enterprise specialized in the production of fine floral honey in gift package that can be customized for special events for your pleasure and the one of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.636318
Retrieved Text: Canoe Outpost® was founded in 1969 by Tex and Donna Stout. The Bragg family took over in 1978 and still own and run the business today. Canoe Outpost® is an advertising and marketing family of independently owned paddlesport outfitters on the Santa Fe, Suwannee, Little Manatee, and Peace River. Canoe Outpost® and See the True Florida® became registered trademarks in 2010.
To protect, preserve, and share the true florida with the visitors and residents of Florida.
Canoe Outpost® advocates that everyone especially children should have the opportunity to experience the Florida outdoors.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.554855
Retrieved Text: Healing. Silence is essential for deep transformation. It allows the practice of conscious breathing to become deep and effective. Like still water that reflects things as they are, the calming silence helps us to see things more clearly, and therefore, to be in deeper contact with ourselves and those around us. In common areas, if we do find it necessary to speak, we do it discreetly to help preserve the silent atmosphere.
Any practice needs to be done with intelligence. Our practice of silence need not be oppressive. Although we do not speak, we can still acknowledge the presence of others with a smile or a bow.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.220722
Retrieved Text: We want our clients to have an overall positive experience with our firm; to make informed decisions on the processing of their case; to receive favorable outcomes and speedy resolutions to their legal issue so as to preserve the family's harmony, resources and their legacy.
Wills, trusts and general estate planning are a key focus of our firm! Our attorneys are skilled at crafting plans to tailor fit our clients' needs in order to preserve the family's land, assets and the legacy they leave behind. Call today to set up your consultation with one of our skilled attorneys and let's get started. Peace of mind is one of the best gifts you can give to your family and yourself! Call today 918-528-6655.
It may come as no surprise that festering in anxiety, unforgiveness, hatred and hostility can be hazardous to your health and to the health of your family. We believe you were created to be courageous, bold and loving. This is how we practice law. We are passionate about our client's well being and the preservation and pursuit of family harmony.
The task of establishing a plan to preserve one's assets is one we take very seriously. Whether it be liquid assets, business interests, the family farm, Restricted Indian Land or Trust Property, we want to know everything about your property and your goals in passing those assets on for the benefit of your loved ones. But let's face it, far too often we procrastinate on initiating this project and put it off until sometimes, it's too late.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.156084
Retrieved Text: Experience the lakes in the UNESCO World Heritage region of Hallstatt Dachstein Salzkammergut at their best – during a boat trip with friends or the whole family. Enjoy the absolute peace on Lake Gosau and the fantastic panorama of Lake Hallstatt. To skipper your “own” boat as “Captain for the day” on the lakes in Hallstatt, Gosau and Obertraun is as one of the most beautiful recreational activities in the Salzkammergut. Whether rowing boat, sleek electric boat with a sun roof or Swan (pedal boat), here every recreational captain will get their money’s worth. To preserve nature and avoid noise pollution, the rental of motor boats is not permitted on any of our lakes. This allows you to enjoy your boat ride in peace and let your mind wander. Explore the far corners and coves or simply take a sociable boat trip with family and friends. We hope you will enjoy a boat ride on Lake Hallstatt and Gosau.
Gosau | Lake Gosau: Enjoy Lake Gosau, with the splendid view of the imposing Dachstein glacier, during a boat trip over the picturesque Lake Gosau.
Hallstatt | Boat rental: Experience the lakes around Hallstatt at their best – during a boat trip with friends or the whole family. Enjoy the absolute the fantastic panorama of Lake Hallstatt.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.894245
Retrieved Text: 3504 3rd Place Sw is a $360,000, 3 bedroom, 2.0 bath home on a 0.53 acre lot located in Vero Beach, FL.
Space and privacy await you in this beautifully maintained pool home! House sits on 1/2 acre + that borders natural preserve. NO HOAs! Solar hot water & electric. New AC 2018 & new hurricane impact garage door 2016. Gather in the oversized family room w/fireplace or entertain on the enclosed porch overlooking the pool. This home is perfect for anyone wanting the peace & quiet of Vero!
I am interested in 3504 3rd Place Sw, Vero Beach, FL 32968.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.82966
Retrieved Text: Bruning & Associates attorneys create and implement effective plans to preserve your wealth and ensure that your loved ones are cared for once you pass on or are otherwise unable to provide for them. We utilize the full array of estate planning documents such as wills, living trusts, medical directives, powers of attorney, and other documents to achieve your goals. We practice in the state courts in all aspects of probate and estate law, including probate proceedings, will contests, and trust and estate administration. Our goal is to provide your family with security, and you with peace of mind and control over your legacy.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.737465
Retrieved Text: The morning of 22nd is violent. There is tension that provides colective desencarnations. The astral is heavy until noon. Preserve yourself!
in Capricorn and hearing one word we already know the whole sentence. If you already commits mistakes by talking too much, leave home mentally prepared to practice silence. Meetings should be avoided because there won’t be productivity. The world stock markets are defective today. Only speculate if you know all the economic trajectory of the 70’s. If you were born after 1950 don’t negotiate or join with a dinosaur of the financial market. After 1AM GMT of the 23rd family silence is golden.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.65569
Retrieved Text: HWPL, the Strong Peace Wind: Greeting From HWPL Chairman, Man Hee Lee "HAPPY NEW YEAR 2017"
Greeting From HWPL Chairman, Man Hee Lee "HAPPY NEW YEAR 2017"
I would like to take this opportunity to thank you of your interest in HWPL.
Thanks to your support, HWPL proclaimed the Declaration of Peace and Cessation of War (DPCW) and successfully hosted the 2nd Annual Commemoration of the World Alliance of Religions’ Peace Summit. Countless people around the world are supporting HWPL’s work for religious harmony and are advocating the implementation of the DPCW.
In the year 2017, let us join our hearts, minds, and efforts to bring peace to the world. I look forward to your continued support, and may peace and happiness be with you and your family in the New Year.
1. States should recognize and engage with groups and organizations that seek to further the cause of peace as a global movement. States should facilitate such groups in their awareness-raising activities, including providing tuition in human rights and peace studies, as provided for, inter alia, in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the 1999 UN Declaration on a Culture of Peace.
2. States should recognize that, in order to preserve a lasting culture of peace, public awareness of the need for, and value of, peace should be created. In this regard, states are encouraged to facilitate activities, commemorations, and initiatives that engage public consciousness with peace, including the erection of peace monuments as an alternative to war monuments.
3. Heads of state and heads of government should acknowledge that they

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.439205
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the website of the Australian Light Horse Association Ltd, a non-profit organisation, whose aim is to preserve the history and tradition of the Australian Light Horse and its predecessors. The site is dedicated to the Australian Light Horse Regiments, and the Light Horsemen who served their country in both war and peace, and contains both historical and current information on famous regiments and famous battles, as well as information on both ordinary soldiers and commanders, existing Military Units, current Historical Troops, and Light Horse Museums.
We are always looking for articles, equipment, family histories or photographs.
If you have anything you would like to share or pass on please contact us.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.345419
Retrieved Text: Both war and peace are self-perpetuating.
War is caused by hate, and war creates hate. War happens when people are divided, and war makes people divided. War is caused by people being selfish, and war makes people selfish. When war-profiteers profit from war, war-profiteers gain more power to wage war.
Peace enables love, and love enables peace. Peace is about togetherness, and unity brings peace. Peace helps the whole community, and a healthier community is more likely to be peaceful.
When part of the status quo is war, part of the establishment got to be powerful from war… ergo, part of the establishment wants to preserve war to preserve their power.
To stay in power, they need to keep us divided and unable to stop them. When we are unable to unite and stop them, they stay in power.
The more we come together, the louder our voice will be, and the more power we will have to make the world what we want it to be.
The more we invest into things that bring peace, the more peace we can make now, and the more peace we will have in the future.
If we want peace on earth, we need to continually lean towards peace and try to steer our species in the right direction so that we might eventually create a self-sustaining world of peace.
This entry was posted on Sunday, October 22nd, 2006 at 6:40 pm	and is filed under Main Blog. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.301477
Retrieved Text: See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos about 2019 New Astra. We reviews the 2019 New Astra Redesign where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety.
Its EPA-estimated gas mileage is also very impressive. A comfortable ride and an energetic powertrain round out the 2019 New Astra shining attributes. Whether you’re ferrying around the family or commuting to work, the 2019 New Astra is an attractive choice. It comes with lots of standard features, which helps compensate for its lofty price tag. The 2019 New Astra offers peace of mind, with a history of superb safety and predicted reliability ratings.
Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 New Astra. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. The 2019 New Astra Concept goes to excess the right kinds of excess to preserve its best-of status. Find out if the new 2019 New Astra coupe takes a step forward in our first-drive review. See photos and get the story at Car and Driver.
Reviews, videos, latest news, specs and road tests on the 2019 New Astra. Top Gear reviews the Release. Terrific refinement, class-leading technology, and incredible interior quality. Want to know more? Read more.
Explore 2019 Opel Astra, performance and technology features. We reviews the 2019 Opel Astra Redesign where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety.
Whether you are shopping for a hybrid, or you’re in search of a practical and comfortable sedan, the 2019 Opel Astra is a fantastic car. Whether

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.283636
Retrieved Text: I am a nursing student in a community college at Raleigh NC and works in a caregiver agency for six months. I love to help people and take care them. I really enjoy my job and works with my Clients every day. I like to talk and help with them. To preserve dignity, protect independence, and provide peace for my clients are my personal achievement.
To preserve dignity, protect independence, and provide peace of mind for my clients are my goal.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.243694
Retrieved Text: No one can predict what will happen in the future, but it can be beneficial for you and your family to have measures in place that can legitimately preserve your wealth. Throughout retirement, we all strive to continue a standard of living we feel comfortable with and so ensuring that your wealth will continue to provide an income or provide security to loved ones upon death is of upmost importance.
Our advice focuses on legitimately mitigating the impact of taxes and long term care, whether this involves taking advantage of exemptions and reliefs, or structuring your affairs and investment portfolio to achieve the right balance of access to your money when you need it.
We will look to reduce any financial burdens that your beneficiaries could be at risk to by implementing effective strategies to ensure as much of your wealth is passed on to your loved ones instead of the government. Trusts can also play an important role in ensuring peace of mind by protecting your assets and providing a family legacy in order to ensure that your wealth stays with you and can be passed down throughout the generations.
If you are looking to fund long term care or considering the implications that the cost of care could have on your estate, we will act in a considerate and sensitive manner to provide advice that will help you solve the issues in the best possible way and give you peace of mind.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.079338
Retrieved Text: Do you act with integrity ALL the time?
and not what we profess but what we practice that gives us integrity.
In silence, man can most readily preserve his integrity.
Remember you cannot fake your consciousness. Be sure to only act with integrity in everything you do not only this week but ALWAYS. It is the most important persuasion tool you have in your entire arsenal.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.061516
Retrieved Text: Fantastic Lakeville Home with All the Right Updates!
Fantastic Home with all the Right Updates!
Open Floor Plan Features Hardwood Flooring, Fresh Paint, and White Trimwork! Beautiful View with Large, Level Lot backing To Foxborough Nature Preserve! Bright Sunny Kitchen, Spacious Dining Room, plus Huge Lower Level Walk-out Family Room! Newer Roof, New Windows, Updated Furnace & AC, New Water Heater, New Lighting, New Patio Door in Lower Level plus New Front Door, New Countertops and Sink! Enjoy the Deck and Patio with Private Views and Nearby Walking Trails. See it Soon!
Built in 1982, this split entry home boasts 4 Bedrooms, 2 Baths, and an attached 2-car garage and includes 1,805 finished square feet on a .31 acre lot. The property taxes for 2018 are $3,450.
Located in the high demand Lakeville School District 194, the neighborhood school are Oak Hills Elementary School, Century Middle School, and Lakeville North High School.
Minutes from all that Apple Valley has to offer! Shopping, resturants, entertainment options, medical clinics, and more!
Quick access to Cedar Ave. makes for an easy commute! Nearby transit station is a great option as well!
Enjoy the Peace and Serenity of the Foxborough Nature Preserve right in your backyard!
Walk to Foxborough Park, which offers a playground, walking/biking trails, basketball courts, picnic area & more!
Located in the highly sought after School District #196!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.031815
Retrieved Text: No one likes thinking about becoming injured, critically ill, or worse, but it happens. Having insurance coverage in place can help. Life insurance can give you peace of mind, preserve your standard of living under tough circumstances, and protect your family.
Access Insurance will outline the types of life insurance and explain the sometimes-confusing difference between term life insurance, whole life insurance, and universal life insurance policies and give you a range of options that best suit you. Our insurance brokers compare insurance companies to find the best life insurance rates. We’ll also help you decide on an appropriate amount of personal life insurance you need to protect you and your quality of life.
Life insurance is available at all of our locations in Edmonton, Stony Plain, Red Deer, Lacombe, and Lloydminster.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.031815
Retrieved Text: We enhance our surroundings. Two examples. Our behavior is based on Biblical values—integrity, truthfulness, peace, joy and love. We dress modestly to set a standard.
We preserve by being there to help neighbors, co-workers and family when they need someone to comfort them – we are like healing ointment. We share the gospel with them so they can choose to know the power of Christ within them.
We melt icy relationships by being kind and loving to those around us even when they are cold to us. In time they will melt. Love never fails.
We soften the world around us by smiling and being gentle and kind. We make an effort to be friendly to all people—regardless of their race, religion, color, or lifestyle. We help those in need.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.02855
Retrieved Text: On 21st September, the world celebrates International Day of Peace. Some of us take peace for granted while some cannot imagine what peace is like. Others struggle to find peace within them.
What can we do to find inner peace and to bring peace into our daily life and our community? Many people say that the solution was meditation.
The idea to create an organisation for preserve peace between nations was born after the first world war trauma. In 1919 the league of nation was create.
Who celebrate the day of peace close to you ? Check it !
And take a look on web peace tv !

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.995022
Retrieved Text: Pauline Tangiora is a Maori elder from the Rongomaiwahine Tribe on the North Island of Aotearoa (New Zealand). Deeply rooted in the ancestral wisdom of her Peoples she has devoted her life to environmental, peace and Indigenous rights work, both at home and around the world.
Since she was a child, Pauline has felt called to stand up for others. During the Vietnam War, she became involved in the peace movement, “keeping my eyes and ears open, writing letters to MPs, annoying anybody involved.” From there, Pauline began to work in the prison system, volunteering with the Maori Women’s Welfare League, helping to get books to prisoners, and shedding light on the damage done to Maori children who have been in state care.
She has travelled throughout the world communicating the ancient wisdoms of Indigenous Peoples. Her international work includes helping the San people in the African Kalahari preserve traditional places and cultural heritage; campaigning alongside environmentalists in Brazil for the protection of water; standing with Indigenous people in Mexico, as well as in solidarity with those at Standing Rock, USA; helping the Australian Aborigines revive a lost ritual with whales; and travelling with a peace caravan through North America in order to draw attention to the plight of Indigenous people in the South Pacific.
Among her numerous positions and affiliations, Pauline has been a Justice of the Peace, President of the Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom Aotearoa, Regional Women’s Representative for the World Council for Indigenous Peoples, Earth Charter Commissioner, Ambassador to the Earth Council International

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.978758
Retrieved Text: Praying for peace for all people in the Middle East. Especially for the Christians, who preserve our great heritage in the land where Jesus acted, despite unimaginable hardship. God bless.
hope peace and prosperty to all mankind.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.975173
Retrieved Text: Somewhere in 1978, while Menachem Begin and Anwar Sadat worked on sections of the peace treaty between Israel and Egypt, which later become the small working town of Eilat at the end of the state, Israel’s leading tourist city, at the expense of Ophira, which was returned as part of the tourist town Sinai surfaces. So, in those days, he walked the streets of defects Bendahan Eilat little late and decided to open a falafel stand, which raised the family, and the woman beside him, Bathsheba.
The uniqueness of the new family falafel center Solel Boneh heart of the city, was mainly taste and generosity … The family filed diners pita empty and they played it at their own convenience. The name ‘big heart’, believe it or not, choose the townspeople, falafel customers, who acted there in its early years. It is determined where the business is going ahead today.
Momi died in 2006, father and business executives since his sons, Amit and Tzachi, family members give them the necessary to preserve the home front veteran brand, opened its heart to everyone at large.
מסעדת ‘הלב הרחב’ נפתחה כבר בשנת בשנת 1978, ייחודו של המקום בטעמו הייחודי ובמגוון הרחב והנדיב העומד לרשות הסועדים, שכבר בשנה הראשונה להיווסדו הם אלו שבחרו למקום את שמו ‘הלב הרחב’.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.949417
Retrieved Text: We are trustworthy by design. The list of specific duties legally required of a trustee is extensive – preserve and protect trust assets, invest and administer with care, maintain records, account to beneficiaries, and deal with beneficiaries impartially. These high standards of stewardship insure that your wishes are followed and will give you peace of mind.
These trusts provide full financial management during life. The bank as trustee keeps records, pays bills, makes investment decisions, and distributes income and principal according to the terms of the trust. A living trust offers continued financial protection in event of incapacity, or when you wish to transfer management responsibilities to the bank for freedom to run a business, enjoy retirement or other activities.
A legacy in trust, whether for a surviving spouse, a child or other family members, can provide a lifetime of financial security through careful, professional management. Significant estate tax savings can be accomplished.
Thoughtfully designed trusts can provide financial benefits for you or for family members, as well as substantial support for your favorite charity. Significant tax benefits may be available as well.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.944312
Retrieved Text: The movies would have us think the holidays are always full of cheer, good food and close family. But the reality is that family isn’t a safe haven for everyone. Many of us spend our holidays with people who can be cruel, aggressive and downright toxic. Short of abandoning our holiday traditions altogether, how exactly can we deal with the toxic family members we’re doomed to see at gatherings?
Still, here are a few ways you can handle toxic family interactions over the holidays and preserve a little bit of your own peace.
If you’re there, there’s likely a reason you want to be, Glaser says. “The balance is in finding the fact that participating in the obligation serves you. It may serve you by touching base with your family. It may serve you by allowing your kids to have contact with your family. It may serve you by even seeing how much you’ve grown since last year.” So figure out why it is that you go and hold onto those while you’re there.
Glaser means this quite literally. Before you arrive for the holidays, visualize a version of yourself who doesn’t let nasty, toxic comments dig at them. “That’s a way to start to strengthen yourself and start to prepare yourself to become that person,” she said.
“There’s the ‘keep the peace’ approach and the ‘be direct’ approach,” she told me, and which method you choose really depends on where you are in the process and what your goals are. If you’ve never set boundaries and pushed back against

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.919372
Retrieved Text: A1 Grave Groomers will provide to our clients' grave sites and memorials personalized care that respects the memory and values of those being honored.
Details. The business of grave site beautification and monument restoration requires attention to detail. We attend to your every detail. We love details.
For us, grave sites and memorial parks provide peace and serenity to the living. In recent history, our family has endured, like all families, emotional hardships. Throughout, we noted the general disrepair of markers and headstones during our unplanned visits and thought we could help preserve these places of tranquility.
A1 Grave Groomers is proudly owned and operated by Beth Jones and is done so in loving memory of her husband and best friend of thirty years, Robert Jones, who first thought that it was a good idea to care for memories etched in stone.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.829378
Retrieved Text: First of all, let me wish you a very happy new year with this first blogpost of 2015! I feel confident that it's gonna be an awesome one!!!
Most important: enjoy your healthy life as much as you can. And make sure to preserve it as much as you preserve your financial freedom dream!
Back to numbers: again, we were on diet with children daycare fees thanks to family coming to visit us and taking care of the two little monsters - or how to combine fun family time with building wealth! Who said money and budgeting was boring for people caring only about their wallet.
The other income source came from the tax administration. I love this end of year period where all bills I budgeted for via YNAB (referral link) are paid in one click via the ebanking. It's just a pure pleasure for the budget geek I am to see that balance hit perfectly the CHF 0.00 and that we are back on track to start an awesome new year, with all bills paid! No worries, no cold sweats; just peace in the household financial world.
Thanks mainly to children daycare expenses and 3rd pillar investments, we got back CHF 2'264.50 of tax deductions that helped us to finish building our CHF 10'000 emergency fund. Hooray, right in time before 2015!
These two main factors raised the savings rate above the 50% psychological barrier for the second time this year! To be accurate, with all our December incomes, we did hit 52% of savings rate!
I anyway hope that

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.788669
Retrieved Text: "Today is for finding moments of peace and comfort."
Any gift can be made in memory or in honor of a special person or event.
Memorial gifts provide family members and friends with a meaningful way to preserve the memory of their loved one. If you choose, HPCG can notify specific family or friends of your memorial gift by mail (please provide the names and addresses of those you wish to notify).
Honorariums provide donors a way to express their appreciation or love and respect for a living family member, friend, coworker or other special person. Such a contribution is a thoughtful way to remember someone’s birthday or anniversary. The person honored by your contribution will receive a card announcing your gift.
When making your gift, please indicate the name of the person you wish to honor and provide a mailing address as appropriate. We will send a notification of your generous remembrance to the individual or individuals honored. Your gift amount is not disclosed.
• The family requests that memorial gifts be forwarded to Hospice and Palliative Care of Greensboro, 2500 Summit Avenue, Greensboro, NC 27405.
• The family requests that memorial gifts be made to the (choose one) [General Hospice Services/Beacon Place/Counseling and Education/Kids Path/Palliative Care Service] Program of Hospice and Palliative Care of Greensboro, 2500 Summit Avenue, Greensboro, NC 27405.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.744879
Retrieved Text: Professionals, executives, and business owners will gain insight, principles and practical advice on how to enjoy a great retirement and leave a lasting legacy in Retire Abundantly.
Contact us for a complimentary Retirement Stress Testing session at which you will receive a free copy of Retire Abundantly.
idea – a vision to guide professionals, executives and private business owners — and the families they leave behind — in making informed retirement decisions to preserve, protect and pass on wealth.
Our professionals help clients take control of their financial futures, manage life’s uncertainties, gain peace of mind, find financial freedom, and make an impact to finish strong.
Paul Byron Hill’s Rochester-based firm was birthed out of a family disaster. From that crisis came a desire to help people prepare for life’s uncertainties. Out of working in a broken financial services industry system was born an independent registered investment advisory firm, without conflicts of commissions — focused first and foremost on the client.
Paul Byron Hill, CFP® explains why integrity is the foundation of a sound financial planning process – from the professionals who manage the process, to the solutions they provide to the expectations they have for the clients they advise.
Paul Byron Hill, CFP® is interviewed by James Malinchek, featured on ABC-TV’s Secret Millionaire, and shares his personal story of individual struggle and a family crisis, and how that gave him a deep empathy for those financially struggling to find their way.
Paul Byron Hill, CFP® explains in an interview series by Dimensional Fund Advisors how a professional wealth management process can move

================



======= Instance Index 276 =========
Input Text: The word "draw" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The luck of the draw.
Sentence 2: They anticipated a tough draw.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.92846
Retrieved Text: Liverpool v Man City is one of the most anticipated matches of the season and Liverpool head coach Jurgen Klopp says his side will have to be ‘spot-on’ if they are to secure a fourth consecutive victory over Manchester City.
The Reds have already seen off the Citizens three times this year, winning a Premier League clash at Anfield 4-3, before triumphing in both legs of their Champions League quarter-final tie.
However, Klopp is not reading too much into those recent results, as he prepares his players for a league showdown with the reigning champions on Merseyside on Sunday.
He told reporters: “It is a home game against Manchester City and that is a tough one. Last year they were really special and I expect them to be like this again.
“Teams that play like them can lose focus, but it never happened to City last year, so they have all my respect.
Liverpool can be backed at 31/20 to win the game at Anfield on Sunday, with the draw priced at 13/5, while a final scoreline of 2-2 is available at 11/1.
Meanwhile, Klopp is waiting to see whether Naby Keita will be able to play a part against City, with the midfielder having needed hospital treatment for a back problem after being replaced during the midweek Champions League loss at Napoli.
He added: “He had a back spasm. He’s in today, but whether he can do something on the training ground I don’t know.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.193743
Retrieved Text: 2018 Meritorious Service Award - Robert Funkhouser Jr.
ASHA Wing Commander Medal: Alan R. Raun D.V.M.
2017 The Stallion Sweeps: Luck Of The Draw!
American Saddlebreds The Stallion Sweeps , Luck of the draw!
2018 The Stallion Sweeps: Luck Of The Draw!
15 Top Stallions! 1 Winner Per Stallion!
Happy Valentine's Day to all American Saddlebreds!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.115843
Retrieved Text: Saturday’s Football League action commences with a highly-anticipated game between Derby County and Leeds United – two sides who have drawn their opening four games.
The Rams and the Whites meet at the iPro Stadium for a 12:05pm kick-off, with Sky Sports screening the match live.
Derby have proven to be a tough obstacle for Leeds to break down in recent times, with the Rams dominating the fixture over the past years.
Leeds’ 2-0 win over Derby at Elland Road last season is their only victory in the last 14 meetings between the pair.
It's also 13 years since Leeds last won away at Derby, and breaking their hoodoo on Saturday could be a tough feat.
Although the Rams are yet to collect three points this season, they remain unbeaten in the league and have shown signs of promise, as Paul Clement starts to put his stamp on the team.
Derby were impressive against Birmingham City in their most recent outing, and also managed 27 shots in a 1-1 draw with Charlton Athletic earlier in the month.
Leeds, though, have been resilient under Uwe Rosler and go into the match with a record which is identical to that of their weekend hosts.
The Whites have drawn all four of their Sky Bet Championship fixtures to date, but they may feel that they should have more points on the board having let advantages slip, including two goals late on against Bristol City.
Derby boss Paul Clement has a wealth of riches to pick from in the attacking positions, with the likes of Tom Ince, Andreas Weimann,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.021341
Retrieved Text: Sibling showdown No. 30 is locked in.
Six-time champion Serena eased into Friday's third round encounter against her sister with a 6-2, 6-2 win over German world number 101 Carina Witthoeft on the back of 30 winners and 13 aces.
"I hope that we get to play".
Serena Williams of the United States celebrates victory following her women's singles second round match against Carina Witthoeft of Germany on Day Three of the 2018 US Open at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center on August 29, 2018 in the Flushing neighborhood of the Queens borough of New York City. The 38-year-old, who suffers from Sjogrens Syndrome - an autoimmune disorder that can cause joint pain and sap energy levels - labored through the afternoon heat to help set up the anticipated rematch.
"As always we will come out and try our best". Serena is No. 26, playing in only the seventh tournament since she was off the tour for more than a year while having a baby. "It sets a tone for us".
"The last time we played the Australian it was two against one so at least this time it will be fair". And when they are playing against each other, it's always very entertaining, great passion, they both bring their best.
Venus won 6-3, 6-4 in Serena's first WTA tournament since giving birth to her daughter, Alexis Olympia, in September.
After an even start to the second set Serena found an extra gear to win three games on the spin, including two further breaks of serve, to thrill the NY

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.822605
Retrieved Text: They continued to excel by binding Bahrain and despite being held to a goalless draw as a result of Philippines at home, they bounced back to defeat Yemen as a result of a solitary goal as they extended their lead to four points. The ranking reward for their performances was evident campeón they moved 17 positions en route for last July.
Captaining the side is experienced custodian Ri Myong-guk, a survivor as of their South Africa squad. Korea DPR would suffer their first and only loss in Uzbekistan as the hosts came as of a goal down to even the score their opening defeat with a home victory. Even a second-place finish would likely leave the Chollima progressing as one of the best runners-up. As a matter of fact, they are among the tournament's youngest squads featuring as many as eight U players. They continued en route for excel by edging Bahrain after that despite being held to a goalless draw by Philippines by home, they bounced back en route for defeat Yemen by a solitary goal as they extended their lead to four points. The ranking reward for their performances was evident as they moved 17 positions to last July.
Kim Chang-bok's side have since gained 51 places up the global pecking in just nine months, surging all the way as of last June to 95 this month. Even a second-place administer the coup de grace would likely leave the Chollima progressing as one of the best runners-up. As it bowed out, Kim's side began along with

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.719887
Retrieved Text: Luck of the Draw w/ Karen Kilgariff, Todd Glass, & More!
At Luck of the Draw, there's no telling what's in store for each comedian! LA's funniest comics will draw a slip from a hat and must obey whatever wacky thing it commands. There might be impressions, costumes, puppets -- who knows!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.563465
Retrieved Text: Angelos Charisteas making the draw now.
WALES IN GROUP B - they will face England!
They will play in Lens on 16 June!
Slovakia have been drawn as B4 so Wales play them first.
Poland are C3, making them Northern Ireland's opening opponents.
Sweden in Group E with the Republic of Ireland.
That will be the opening game for Martin O'Neill's team, on 13 June.
Onto pot 2. This is the tough one.
Switzerland are drawn in Group A - noise from the crowd, we're not sure what for. Sort of a derby, or perhaps the French are happy with that.
Russia in Group B with England!
Ukraine in Group C. Not the easiest for Northern Ireland.
An absolute nightmare draw for the Republic of Ireland, they've now drawn Italy!
That's an extremely tough draw for the Republic of Ireland - already being talked of as a group of death.
Stay tuned as we'll bring you reaction as it comes.
The IndependentEngland will face Wales in France after the two Home Nations were drawn together in Group B of Euro 2016. The two teams, who last met during Euro 2012 qualifying in September 2011, were also drawn with Russia and Slovakia. England and Wales meet for the first time in a tournament. The Republic of Ireland endured a nightmare draw as they were selected alongside Belgium, Italy and Sweden. The draw was not much kinder on Nothern Ireland who were drawn with Germany, Poland and Ukraine.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.46238
Retrieved Text: TOSS THE DICE (4) has been tending to mix form but career credentials demand respect. Expect bold showing. WINKLEE TERROR (5) needs luck from the draw but is worth thought on best efforts. Major player. ATLEY QUICK (1) performed fairly on debut. Open to improvement. GO SHORTY (2) is open to improvement from the good draw.
Performed fairly on debut. Will take benefit from the inside draw and is open to improvement. In the mix.
Performed fairly on debut. Well drawn to perform and is open to improvement. Capable of figuring.
Handy performer who is never far from the mark. Isn't ideally drawn but is capable of contending the business end.
Has been tending to mix form but career credentials demand respect. Expect bold showing with even luck.
Rarely wins but is never far from the mark. Poorly drawn but is capable of contending with the right breaks.
Tends to mix form quite severely and looks to get no favours from the awkward draw. Must produce absolute best.
Rarely wins but is never far from the mark. Needs luck from the draw and must produce best to be a factor.
Hard to have on recent efforts and looks to get no favours from the wide draw. Looking elsewhere.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.440325
Retrieved Text: 1k likes at Team Mistral FB Page lucky draw!!!
Congratulations to the lucky guys of the 1000 likes at Team Mistral FB page luck draw!
Please watch the below video and contact David Aspen if you are the luck one!!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.294966
Retrieved Text: The Steampunk Polar Bear is the first in a much anticipated series of Steampunk Predators. Ok, not all of these will be true predators, but they will all be Steampunk Tough, and could go predator if they wanted to!
This Steampunk series comes from our friend and celebrated designer Christian Mackey and are a Shop Geocaching exclusive.
These bears are each engraved with an individual code. They are trackable at Geocaching.com with a unique icon.
You're reviewing:Steampunk Predators- Polar Bear- Last Chance!!!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.126442
Retrieved Text: Ups and downs: Dennis Sponsel took on business ownership just before an economic downturn. But today, he says, RJE Business Interiors is thriving. He calls the experience "an incredible ride."
Personal: Wife, Cathy; four children.
I never would have thought as an eighth-grade football and basketball player at St. Philip Neri that those experiences would become invaluable to my business life decades later.
Nor would I ever have dreamed that the discipline and motivation received while attending high school at the Latin School of Indianapolis would provide so much support as challenges emerged in life.
I had the very good fortune of being raised by parents who positioned their children in front of people and situations that would benefit them later in life. These were people that knew how to be tough but smile; give discipline but care; compete but be fair. What wonderful teachings.
I entered the office-furniture industry as an ambitious 21-year- old and worked for 23 years for The Shaw Walker Co., which later merged with Knoll Inc.
The 1990 merger, on the verge of a 1991 economic downturn, served as my first very big business lesson. I got to learn how to handle tough business obstacles in a disciplined and focused fashion.
I bought RJE Business Interiors (a Knoll dealer) in March 2000 right before the office furniture industry experienced its biggest downturn in history -- a 42 percent drop from 2001 to 2003. Like others, I hadn't anticipated the magnitude of the fall, and I had just bought a business.
Thankfully, I was able to draw from my early

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.112108
Retrieved Text: To reflect on the issue of conscription 100 years on, the First World War Centenary Programme Office (WW100) asked several emerging artists aged between 18 and 25 to respond to film footage of the first conscription ballot now housed at Ngā Taonga Sound & Vision.
These diverse artists offered their views on this significant chapter of the First World War through dance, illustration, song, film and playwriting. Their works will spark new conversations around conscription, war and the luck of the draw that forced some men to serve their King and Country.
Commissioned by WW100, the Luck of the Draw project was put together by Transmit, with the assistance of Ngā Taonga Sound & Vision and Te Papa.
By 1916, two years after the First World War had begun, the number of men volunteering to join New Zealand’s military forces overseas had fallen dramatically. To make up the shortfall, in August of that year the New Zealand Government introduced conscription (or compulsory enlistment for military service).
Three months later, on 16 November 1916, the first monthly ballot was held in Wellington. Film footage shows registration cards with census data of almost all New Zealand men between the ages of 20 and 45 being laid out in boxes on long tables. Their numbers were transferred onto wooden balls which were placed in a rotating barrel and randomly selected. These men were informed by letter a few days later that they were legally in the army. In total, 19,548 New Zealand men were conscripted and sent overseas in 1917 and 1918.
Aroha and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.081333
Retrieved Text: Win a £100 iTunes gift card!
Capital FM are giving away a £100 iTunes gift card to 1 lucky winner!! All you need to do is answer 1 question correctly to enter by the 14th of November. Good luck!
Enter this survey competition to be in with a chance of winning £250 Amazon vouchers courtesy of MyOffers. Prize draw closes 30th of September. Good luck!
Brand new and exclusive giveaway! This fantastic prize draw is perfect for all you Pokemon Go addicts out there! There are over a HUNDRED vouchers worth £100 each up for grabs, to claim those precious PokeCoins with! Don’t miss out! UK residents with a valid post code only. 1 entry per person only please!
There are hundreds of 1 year Apple Music memberships up for grabs in this prize draw! To be in with a chance of claiming a free 1 year membership, all you need to do is enter your details and follow the instructions to register your entry. Good luck!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.03797
Retrieved Text: Wednesday evening’s Irish Lotto draw may not have produced a jackpot winner, but one player did secure a prize of €47,637 by matching five main numbers and the Bonus Ball. The evening saw over 28,000 players claim prizes as the jackpot increased to an estimated €4.5 million ahead of Saturday’s draw. There was also plenty of cheer in the Lotto Plus 1 game, as one lucky ticket holder from the South East of the country won the €500,000 jackpot.
The winning Irish Lotto numbers were 3, 8, 14, 18, 37 and 41, with 34 making an appearance as the Bonus Ball. In addition to the Match 5 + Bonus winner, 19 players were no doubt left feeling lucky after scooping €1,503 each when they matched five main numbers. A further 17,792 lucky lottery fans won prizes ranging from €9 for matching three main numbers to €153 for matching four main numbers and the Bonus Ball, while there will be plenty of fingers crossed as 10,228 ticket holders hope for a little extra luck after landing a €3 scratch card for matching two main numbers and the Bonus Ball.
Tuesday evening’s EuroMillions may have been won by a ticket holder in Portugal, but the draw did provide some cheer for Irish lottery fans with 39,470 winners from the Emerald Isle. One player even managed to successfully match all five main draw numbers to walk away with a prize of €67,723. This Friday’s draw will now see players test their luck at attempting to win a brand new jackpot worth

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.817219
Retrieved Text: Congratulations to the Year 7 netball team who faced a host of tough competition on Saturday in Bournemouth at the County Netball Finals. Drawn into a tough pool, the team managed to win against Colfox, draw BSG and keep the gap close against Leweston and Sherborne. Even against the final winner (Parkstone Grammar) the final score was 10 – 1. The girls improved in each match they played. Their confidence, determination and skills increased and by the last match they were playing at a high level.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.775506
Retrieved Text: Next Legend in Action - Constantin Budescu - 385 games - 577 goals - 323 assists so far..
As a previous winner of CL and League winner, the next season's draw was against bigger level teams. Last season I was out in Last 16 and won the League. This season the CL draw is with same level teams only. So basically is this confirming that you only get tough draw only if you win the title or was it just luck?
Jeeves please respond if you can.
Yes as expected my level 22 team is in level 23 Champions League.
Not luck really. Your team's performance in the CL is part of the equation's parameters. The online F.A.Q. also states this.
Btw, I've been grouped up in a +1 lvl CL almost exclusively for the past 10 or so seasons. Adding this so it's understood that I very well get the whole debacle.
axd23 and Bunzo like this.
I hope I'm not the only one never reading the FAQ though hahahaha.
Hi, can someone explain this to me? Why am I third?
Not luck really. Your team's performance in the CL is part of the equation's parameters.
madflo19 and Bunzo like this.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.763483
Retrieved Text: Welcome the Year of the Pig in style at Next Casino or its sister sites – Casino Luck, WildSlots – and spin on two games from Pariplay to earn your tickets to the CNY 2019 prize draw. Every €10 wagered will get you one entry to the raffle with 40 prizes of up to €500 in cash.
Looking to win some extra cash at the start of the Chinese New Year? Then take part in the campaign at Next Casino or one of its sister sites – Casino Luck and WildSlots – to earn tickets to the prize draw. The campaign is open to all players and will end at 23:59 CET on 8th February 2019. Terms and conditions apply.
Earn one ticket to the prize draw for every €10 or currency equivalent wagered on a selection of Pariplay games – Goddess of the Moon and Xi You Ji – up to 50 tickets per player per day.
On 20th February 2019, the operator will randomly draw 40 winning tickets and allocate the cash prizes in order they are drawn: 2x – €500 | 3x – €300 | 6x – €200 | 8x – €100 | 21x – €50. All prizes are credited without wagering requirements shortly after the draw.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.715677
Retrieved Text: Oldham Athletic youth team have drawn at home to Tranmere Rovers youth team in the first round of the FA Youth Cup.
Commenting on the draw, manager Tony Philliskirk said: "We never seem to get easy draws in the FA Youth Cup draw but it will be a testing draw. They are the only team that have beat us this season so it will be a tough game but we have improved since then.
"They are still unbeaten in the league but I'm just pleased we have a home tie because it gives the lads the chance to play on the SportsDirect.com Park pitch and it will be special for the players."
All details of this tie will be released in due course.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.712463
Retrieved Text: Tuesday in this week is the day when your luck can bring you, where you never think before but only if you have bought the national saving 15000 prize bond this time. The Prize Bond Rs. 15,000 Draw result is going to be announce on 01 October, 2015 (1-10-2015) at Muzafarabad city.
This is draw number 64 of the territory. The prize bond 15000 draw will be held in morning while and first and second prize number will be out on Koh Noor TV at 8 am but full list will be uploaded at 4:30 pm. You can download full list of National Savings Prize Bond Draw 15000 Result List at Muzafarabad Pakistan on 1st of Oct 2015 Tuesday.
You win any one but your life can be change in moments. These are big prizes for the folks having no money yet. Full list of Prize Bond Rs. 15000 Draw result on 01 October, 2015 – Muzafarabad at bond result can be get any time after result. This list can be printed online and you can find your result from browser also by pressing Ctrl+F to find your number. We wish you best of luck for winning your big money prize. For all prize bond draw keep visiting bondresult.com.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.70573
Retrieved Text: Hi and welcome to the forums Slotsrhot7, glad to see you here and wish you good luck in the next draw as well! Don't forget to go to the raffles page and buy some extra tickets to the draw using your ludo coins! Have fun!
Hi and welcome, Have fun and good luck.
Hi and thank you for your comment. We will look into this for you and contact you shortly.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.698347
Retrieved Text: Summary: Fanny Stollar and Georgina Garcia Perez gave a humiliating defeat to Arina Rodionova and Maryna Zanevska as they were only able to recover a total of two points throughout the set. However, in the second set, Arina Rodionova and Maryna Zanevska came in action and after a tough fight, they won this set in the end by scoring two points in a quick succession.
In the decisive set, Arina Rodionova and Maryna Zanevska gave their opponents a humiliating defeat by 6-2 and secured their place into the doubles of the main draw.
.@arinarodionova and Zanevska turning matches around like there’s no Tomorrowland. Too good.
Result: Arina Rodionova and Maryna Zanevska defeated Fanny Stollar and Georgina Garcia Perez by 2-6, 6-4, 6-2. Arina Rodionova and Maryna Zanevska have now finally qualified for the main draw of Wimbledon Open 2018.
Summary: Han Xinyun and Luksika Kumkhum gave a very tough fight in the first set but unfortunately they lost it as they failed to score the last two points first. However, in the second set, both the pairs played at their peak but in the end, Han Xinyun and Luksika Kumkhum scored the last point quickly and won this set.
In the decisive set, Anna Blinkova and Marketa Vondrousova faced a humiliating defeat from Han Xinyun and Luksika Kumkhum, as they were only able to recover a total of two points.
Result: Han Xinyun and Luksika Kumkhum defeated Anna Blinkova and Marketa Vondrousova by 4-6, 7-6, 6-2. Han Xinyun and Luksika Kumkhum have now finally qualified for the main draw of Wimbledon Open

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.628176
Retrieved Text: A Retaliation Ninja Commando Roadblock manufactured by Gi Joe is a fabulous action figure toy doll. One of the major features for this toy is the press the button on this roadblock figure? s pack to see him draw his weapons from their holsters. Additional features include figure contains magnets and figure comes with weapon accessories. It's dimensions are 3.19"H x 9.02"L x 12.01"W. I want you to get the best price and service when selecting a GI Joe toy. Please check out the shopping cart link.
Ninja Commandos are fast-draw fighters! This incredible Ninja Commando Roadblock figure is as tough as they come, and he's ready to lead your special ops adventures. Roadblock draws his Battle-Kata weapons to take out Cobra attackers! When you engage his quick-draw weapon action by pressing on his pack, he grabs his weapons from their holsters! Press his belt to hear your Roadblock figure talk tough! Your G. I. Joe adventures are about to acquire a lot more ninja! Pit him against his Cobra enemies (other figures sold separately) , since no enemy figure can hope to prevail against the unstoppable fighting skills of your Ninja Commando Roadblock figure!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.590034
Retrieved Text: Happy 80th Birthday to our living Legend ~ Patcho Gorman: Once again sincere best wishes and happy 80th Birthday to the one and only living legend from Ballybane ~ Patcho Gorman who celebrated his 80th birthday last weekend. All I can say is that I think I will skip the next 19 birthdays and go again when Patcho is 100 ! such was the fun, partying, music and all round merriment and craic involved. Huge thanks to Foleys / Benis’s / Donnelans hostelries, Mary’s Chipper and to all his family, friends, relations and everyone else involved for making it a great weekend and occasion for Patcho who really truly deserved it.
Supporting the Lotto: The Weekly lotto amount is now €5,100 this week, which is rising again, so appreciate can everyone continue to buy lotto tickets, and best of luck to all who buy a ticket(s) and also especially help support our club.
Limerick Development Draw: The Limerick Development Draw is progressing well and can I urge anyone still interested in joining this draw please contact Seanie Gilbert on 087 6666 303 (M) as soon as possible. Finally do appreciate all those who continue to support this draw and CTB GAA Club also benefit from some of the revenue generated from this draw.
Hard Luck: Hard luck to both the Limerick senior and minor hurling teams, who lost their All-Ireland semi-finals last weekend.
Minor Football Championship: Combined Bruree and our CTB Minor footballers had a good recent one point win with final score Killacolla Gaels 1:09 to Cnoc Gaels 2:05.
Congratulations:

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.53366
Retrieved Text: ★★★½☆ Dead Man’s Draw; a Press-Yar-Luck game with a pirate theme?
Check out this game if: you like pressing your luck (or watching others fail).
This game stands out because: There are similar press-your-luck games, but the unique player powers, card effects, and variants make this game unique in an already popular genre.
1. This game has press-your-luck excitement.
2. The extra actions on each card add a level of excitement.
3. The extra actions on each card enhance the player interaction.
4. The unique player powers give each player a unique strategy.
5. Games are quick so it can be a filler game, or play best of 3.
6. Simple to teach (I think younger kids would understand the game, but may not like the “take-that” aspect of some cards).
1. I would like to play with more people -feels like it should.
2. Some of the unique character cards are very powerful (it may seen unfair to some).
In this game, you are trying to collect cards. On your turn, you draw a card from the draw pile and perform the action associated with that card’s suit. If you wish to continue drawing cards, you may do so when your previous card’s action is done. If you draw two cards of the same suit, you loose all the cards you had drawn (with some exceptions).
At the end of the game, the player with the highest score (sum of all the highest card values of each suit) wins.
There is only one version of this game, but it comes with variants in the box. Similar games include

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.533115
Retrieved Text: This a spring-themed spot design I developed for Luck of the Draw, an exhibit and fundraiser at the Cooperstown Art Association. I developed the visual concept and theme for every aspect of the fundraiser and here you will find the print materials. They consist of my original vector artwork created in Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop. I chose the visual theme of palying cards because I intended these materials to be fun, playful and engaging, as well as relating to the title "Luck of the Draw." I also applied this design to create emails, ads, website graphics, posters, tickets, an exhibition listing, signage & social media promotion.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.503318
Retrieved Text: EVERTON have been given a tough test in the last 32 of the Europa League draw after being paired with Portugese giants Sporting Lisbon.
If David Moyes&apos; men progress they will meet the winners of the two-legged tie between Atletico Madrid and Galatasary.
Liverpool have tricky opponents in the form of Romanians Unirea Urziceni while the other English team in the draw Fulham will not be given an easy ride by Ukranians Shakhtar Donetsk.
If Liverpool make it to the last 16 they will face either Lille or Fenerbache. Fulham would play Ajax or Juventus.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.493357
Retrieved Text: Rounds 7 and 8 of the 14th Bangkok Chess Club Open 2014 saw again exciting and some very long-fought games at the top boards. In the much anticipated round 7 clash between German GM Jan Gustafsson and Open leader GM Francisco Vallejo Pons, the players drew after solid play on both sides. Obviously, the teammates of German chess league winner OSG Baden Baden know each other very well and may find it hard to surprise each other in the opening. Playing with white, GM Gustafsson put pressure on ‘Paco’, but the Spaniard’s choice of the Nimzo-Indian Defense proved to be a good one. He equalized in the middle-game and a draw was agreed on move 34. This result made it possible for several players to close the gap.
GM Oliver Barbosa won against fellow Filipino GM Laylo Darwin on board two, GM Suat Atalik had obviously recovered from his defeat against GM Vallejo Pons in the previous round and won against GM Marat Dzhumaev in a 92-move marathon match. IM Qingnan Liu also used the opportunity to stay on track to success with a fine win against GM John Paul Gomez.
In round 8 the four leading players of the tournament were paired against one another, as were the four players on their heels. GM Vallejo Pons reached a clear advantage early in the game, but IM Qingnan Liu was tough and fought on until he finally had to resign in a rook vs. 2 pawn endgame. GM Suat Atalik again played a five-hour game, but this time

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.454107
Retrieved Text: Venue: Stade Auguste-Delaune II (Reims).
Mid-table rivals Reims and Strasbourg are set to lock horns on Saturday evening in the 18th round of Ligue 1. Even though a number of matches from the previous Matchday were postponed, both of these sides were in action last Sunday.
Reims bounced back from a 0-1 defeat to Toulouse by producing an impressive performance away at the second-placed Lille last weekend. They were just moments away from snatching the victory at Stade Pierre-Mauroy, but were unlucky to see Lille equalizing from penalty in the sixth minute of the added time on the occasion. Furthermore, Les Rouges et Blanc also offered a strong performance in the mentioned defeat to Toulouse, but they just failed to convert any of numerous goal-scoring opportunities in front of La Tefece’s goal. Can they back up the 1-1 draw at Lille with a result here against Strasbourg?
These two sides battled it out together in the second tier of the French football back in the 2016/17 campaign.
Reims took four points from two clashes with Le Racing back then (2-1 and 1-1).
Both teams were on the scoreline in all of past five head to head affairs, including the 3-3 draw in a pre-season friendly this summer.
Reims won two and drew one of three home encounters against Strasbourg.
The hosts have played very well of late, but so have Strasbourg. Le Racing became only the second team in the league to have avoided a defeat against reigning champions PSG. They held Thomas Tuchel’s machinery to a 1-1 draw ten days ago at

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.433622
Retrieved Text: Amazulu have taken 6 points from 4 league outings so far and all of those points are down to their home form. The KZN side have beaten Baroka (1-0) and Free State Stars (2-1) on home turf but they have failed to add to that tally on the road.
Sundowns have played just 3 league games so far and they return to action with 5 points against their name and just below their opponents here in the standings. Their only league win this season did come away from home, 2-0 at Polokwane whilst home fixtures against Chiefs and Highlands ended all square.
Downs won this fixture 3-1 last season but Amazulu upset them early in the campaign with a 2-1 victory in Tshwane.
Downs have been struggling to find the net and this is no easy task but I take them to edge it 1-0.
Black Leopards went into the international break in mid table, winning 1, drawing 2 and losing 1 of their first 4 matches since earning promotion last season. Their only win came on the opening weekend, 1-0 at home to Polokwane and they followed up with draws at Highlands and Chippa (both 2-2) and a 2-1 home defeat to Pirates.
Celtic are defying the doubters and flying high with a record of 3 wins and 1 draw. They won their first 3 outings of the season and then came from 2-0 down away to Chiefs to salvage a 2-2 draw. Celtic went into the international break in second spot, 1 point behind Wits who are in action

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.396199
Retrieved Text: Haldol continues to evolve and explore the many facets of deathrock and post-punk on their newly released 3rd LP “The Totalitarianism of Everyday Life”. It’s difficult to pigeonhole Haldol’s sound to one particular band or style, because with every song they evolve from the last and put new twists and turns onto their style. They’ve always tending to shy away from the mundane, predictable or anticipated structures and sounds of post-punk. Instead, they tend to draw musical inspiration from a farther flung range of styles and approaches. “The Totalitarianism of Everyday Life” is a sonically haunting, decomposing and pained album with bursts of layered noise aggression, constantly pushing forward and unyielding.

================



======= Instance Index 598 =========
Input Text: The word "show" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A show of impatience.
Sentence 2: A good show of looking interested.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.947653
Retrieved Text: We all have the ability to change emotional patterns in our life. The first step is changing our relationship to these charges of energy we feel which show up as emotions, triggered by events, others, scents or even sounds. I am sure we have all experienced walking into a room and noticing it feels a bit chilly, as if an argument had just taken place, or sense that something just doesn’t feel right.
Our bodies respond to information based on what it knows, for instance – if we feel the emotion of impatience, our body will recall chemicals flooding throughout our body supporting that feeling. The more we confirm the feeling of impatience – the stronger the support becomes. We then decide that we are impatient. That is our reaction. We do this all day long, unaware it may not even be our experience, but someone else’s. Our reaction has us believe that We Are that feeling, impatience, we then begin to “judge” how we are feeling, which only strengthens theimpatience, creating distraction.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.895697
Retrieved Text: A violent impatience overcame him.
He has no impatience with his son.
The governments showed growing impatience at the unions.
He waited for her arrival in a fever of impatience.
He was burning with impatience at all this waiting.
His good manners hardly hid his impatience to be alone.
impatient	impassive	impatience customer	impatience of hypocrisy	impatience with annoyances.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.654205
Retrieved Text: We did a very good exercise at the writing group recently – write a short scene where a character expresses an extreme emotion, such as anger, joy, grief, passion, impatience. Sounds easy enough, doesn’t it? But we’d been instructed to show the emotion, rather than tell it. So “she was frightened” was never going to cut it. We had to create a feeling with words.
Emotions are critical to making a character feel real, but mere descriptions will leave the reader feeling disconnected, as the author is telling the reader how the character feels. When I read my first attempt out loud, I realised that I’d managed to create some emotion, but it could have been any emotion; there wasn’t anything to distinguish anger from excitement, fear or impatience. For example: She chewed her fingernails down to the quick, conjures up a picture of a nervous or frightened individual. Equally, it could be an impatient girl chewing her nails as she waits for the bus or because she bites her nails out of habit. Ho-hum. As an expression of emotion, it’s not very precise, is it? But if we add, ‘until they bled’ we inject an extra frisson from which the reader can infer an element of fear or edginess.
Readers identify with fiction through the characters and the best way to reach your audience is through your characters’ emotions. When we show a character’s feelings – by showing how characters relate to each other, or how they react to conflict – we allow the audience to connect

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.866064
Retrieved Text: Patience pays in any business.
For any business,one must show extreme patience,while starting,running,expanding business. Any slight indifference or impatience,can cause unexpected downfall in one's business.So,restrain your self from being restless,tense,impatient.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.401611
Retrieved Text: There is a growing amount of literature suggesting people tend to behave inconsistently over time, which is driven by decreasing impatience. In addition, many studies have found relations between discounting estimates from experiments and field behavior, such as smoking cessation and dieting. However, these studies often did not separate time inconsistency from other factors such as utility curvature or the level of discounting. In order to establish the relation between field behavior and the degree of time inconsistency, it is therefore necessary to obtain a pure measure of the latter that is not distorted by these other factors. The present study implements a recently introduced measure of deviations from constant impatience, called the “Decreasing Impatience (DI)-index”, to estimate the degree to which people deviate from constant impatience. We provide the first extension of DI to health outcomes, both for individual and societal discounting using three different starting points. Moreover, we include a survey gathering information about several health-related behaviors, in order to test for the relationship between the amount of decreasing impatience and healthy behavior. We observe that decreasing impatience is the modal preference, although constant and increasing impatience are no exceptions, and, hence, these types of discounters should not be neglected. Furthermore, the DI-index is higher for individual health outcomes than for societal health outcomes, but is not distributed differently among the three classes of discounters. The DI-index decreases with starting period for individual health outcomes, but not for societal health outcomes. Very few significant relations between time inconsistency and self-reported health-related behavior were found.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.23299
Retrieved Text: Looking for new breeds to show. Would like to work with another breeder and help develop SOP but don't want to start as far low as starter dogs. Any breed!
Cane corso is a very fun breeds. It is competitive enough, but not too competitive. Consistently 97 to 98 in SOP. Normally no one really uses handlers in shows but this month I decided to use handlers to see if I could get some group placings or best in group. After this month though, I'm probably not going to be using handlers again.
If not, there are a ton of breeds that are what you are looking for. I think most of the breeds on here are exactly what you looking for. What about Chow Chow?
We could use a few more showing in Shibas.
I have several already sessioned dogs that I could sell to a good home, and probably a few broods as well. If you are interested there are other projects as well.. 3 different coat types (two sub show quality) and many lost colors. I have one coat type almost back.. with a carrier in the show ring now. Black and Tans are coming up quickly, and both are bringing new traits with them. It is an exciting time for me as a breeder.. but alas.. I could use some help to develop new lines.. and I actually enjoy competition!
Good luck in your choice, and send me a message if interested!
How about Chows? The breed needs more players as I think im the only active one.
Sop

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.188402
Retrieved Text: In today’s day and age, most of us are used to getting everything almost immediately. We can order food online and have it delivered within minutes, we can order our groceries online and have them show up the next day, we can message friends and family and get an instant response no matter where they are.
This instant gratification has its benefits, but it also makes us less and less patient, less willing to wait for tasks to be done, people to respond, and things to arrive. If you’ve noticed yourself lacking patience and wondered how to become more patient, you’re in the right place.
In this article, we’ll discuss the downsides of being impatient as well as the benefits of being patient. We’ll share tips on recognizing the signs and triggers for impatience and show you how to learn patience with practical advice and tools.
Impatience is on the same spectrum of feelings as anger. It is usually recognized as irritation but it can also lead to frustration and even rage, especially if the same situation repeats over and over again.
Another downside of not being patient is that your stress hormone levels rise, which in turn triggers the flight or fight response. This flight or fight response can lead to a panic attack or an anxiety attack and generally a whole host of negative consequences on your body according the Mayo Clinic.
Lastly, a lack of patience makes others perceive you as an angry or arrogant person who often makes poor decisions. This negative image can then cause superiors

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.005247
Retrieved Text: I listened impatiently as the team broke down the timeline, contingencies, and tasks. They were the experts, and the project involved heavy IT lift—never fun. I also knew they could do more.
My next words made us all cringe, “We just don’t have until the end of the year. What’s possible by October?” It turns out, quite a lot. They’ll nail it….
Impatience is seldom on the short list of leadership competencies. People don’t hire coaches to help them become more impatient. Patience is a virtue. Impatience gets more done. It’s my daily wrestling match.
Impatience only works when combined with other important characteristics (e.g., trust, humility, relationships). Understand the consequences of the pressure. Are you driving the team to extreme hours, or sloppy short-cuts? Roll up your sleeves and serve.
Use impatience sparingly on what matters most. Inspire passionate urgency toward your vision. Cut some slack on the small stuff. Prioritize and back off other tasks as needed to make way for the sprint.
Urgency without explanation frustrates. Ensure the team understands how the urgency links to the bigger picture.
Take the time up front to think things through. Come out of the gate slow and involve the right players. Ask provocative questions.
Sure patience is a virtue. However, done well, so is impatience.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.967607
Retrieved Text: How did Australia come to lose at home to an Asian nation for the first time in more than 140 years of Test cricket? In a word, impatience. Impatience at all levels, and at all stages.
Impatience that started with the prospect of losing away to South Africa last year, impatience leading to doing illegal things with the ball and then lying about how they had been done. Impatience to calm a restless public and sceptical broadcasters, leading to bans on Australia's two best batsmen that could only expose the results of other kinds of impatience in other sectors of the game.
At the same time, impatience for money, for the biggest broadcast rights deal in the history of Australian cricket, led to deals with two television broadcasters and three radio networks, all asking for more and more access, more and more of an insight into a team finding their way back from the Newlands morass. Impatience for resignations, for blood and for bodies, brought a massive turnover at the top of the game. Darren Lehmann, James Sutherland, David Peever, Mark Taylor, Pat Howard and Ben Amarfio all went, replaced by Justin Langer, Kevin Roberts, Earl Eddings, tbc, Belinda Clark (interim) and Stephanie Beltrame.
There was impatience in the schedule. Impatience to accede to the wishes of the BCCI and the Indian team, allied with impatience about the decline of Brisbane's Gabba as a venue, resulted in the scheduling of a day Test in Adelaide, and its billing as the first match of the series. If the impatience to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.965233
Retrieved Text: So I am watching the trend and see patience, waiting, compression, color and so on.
I decide to go exploring downtown looking for patience, waiting, thinking people, traffic lights symbolic things. I walked for sometime, sometimes stopping in the middle of the street for a shot, couple of horns, screeching tires to show their impatience, missed that one and ended up at the train station. Lots of people waiting, right?
All those yellow lines and with a long lens sometimes you miss things, well, I was told in no uncertain terms, HOLD IT!. I nearly walked into a “live area”.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.959181
Retrieved Text: I struggle mightily with the petty impatience of every day life – those little irritants that greatly annoy such as slow drivers, clueless people in the self-checkout line, and Janet’s kids (they’re my kids when they behave) – these are fine sand-papers of my life that drive me more than a little crazy.
Last Sunday, I preached out of James 5:7-11 on patience. The patience that James speaks to is not necessarily patience with minor irritants. Instead, he focuses on patience from a 30,000-foot perspective. Using James 5 as a guide, we are going to zoom out on patience and impatience so that we can better understand what is at their core.
When we understand the 30,000-foot view of patience and impatience, we will be able to deal with the petty irritants of daily life.
In James 5, we learn a great deal about patience and how to become more patient. At the core – the main take-away, if you will – is that faith is at the core of patience. The inverse is also true. Disbelief is at the core of impatience. As God’s people in the USA, we are fortunate enough to live in a place where we experience infrequent opposition.
What we struggle with are those petty impatients – those small irritants that in the grand scheme do not matter. But there is a chance – a greater than ever before chance – that we may be headed for days in which we will face persecution – especially due to our adherence to what Jesus teaches on

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.936203
Retrieved Text: On last night’s episode of the Bachelorette, Ashley Hebert finally got the closure she had been looking for from douche-bag contestant Bentley Williams.
“In last night’s episode, I hope you were finally able to see what Bentley was consistently doing in each conversation with me. His ego and competitiveness made him want to “get the girl,” but you know, as well as I do (now), that I was certainly not what he wanted.
Ashley also adds that she’s happy to close the B chapter, for good this time. “You will never have to hear the B–– word again,” promises Ashley.
Meanwhile, Ashley decided to come clean to her guys last night causing one of the men, Ryan “Mickey” McLean, to throw a tantrum and leave the show. “You lied to us,” said an angry Ryan. “I just don’t see what the hell you saw in that guy. I thought we had a lot in common, but if that’s what you’re looking for, send me home. I’m just not interested.” Safe to assume Ryan probably wasn’t interested to begin with and was just looking for an excuse to exit the show.
TELL US – THOUGHTS ON ASHLEY’S MEETING WITH BENTLEY? DO YOU THINK SHE HANDLED IT WELL? WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF RYAN QUITTING THE SHOW?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.901656
Retrieved Text: Growing in Christ develops your character and your Christ-like spirit. This is what people see and what your siblings will be watching for. If you snap at them because they irritate you, that doesn’t show Christ’s love.
Impatience can ruin your testimony in heart beat.
Show them Christ’s love through your actions – through the way you treat them – through the little things that you can do for them. Playing games with your younger sister when you don’t feel like it will go far 🙂 Braiding her hair or playing house with her will form wonderful memories and will build a strong foundation for your relationship as sisters.
See what you can do today to nurture your relationship with your siblings by showing them Christ’s love!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.823447
Retrieved Text: In our first year at RGL we kept our organization low key. Only having a staff of about six people in total, but we're looking to expand on that. Our goal is to provide more coverage to ALL divisions, not just the top ones. To allow every part of our community to actively have a voice in it.
Here are the three areas we are looking to bring new people into.
Currently, all the articles written in RGL are by me and exclusively about the Invite division. I want that to change. We've updated the site so now we can have articles about particular divisions. For example, you could have an article purely about Div-1 and this would show up on the front page for all Div-1 players.
So we are looking for people who are interested in covering all the divisions, preferably a division which you play in. Weekly rankings, upcoming matches, player profiles, etc... Whatever is interesting to you and brings more spotlight to that part of RGL. We want to cover it.
If you're interested in this, please contact me directly (@sigafoo) through our public discord channel.
We would also love to increase our editors. If you have very strong written abilities and are good at helping others improve their writing. Let us know! We're also looking for more news editors.
Are you interested in helping push TF2 live streaming production forward? Then RGL is the place to be. RGL is not a production team stuck in the antiquated ways of first-person only casting, but are consistently trying to

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.691357
Retrieved Text: Public transportation is my temporal kryptonite–it brings out my impatience and inability to cope with all the “wasted” time in my life. But a few months ago, I had an experience on the subway that really put things in perspective, a painful reminder that no time is ever truly wasted. Hear more about it on the latest episode of Time Eternal.
Did you like this podcast episode? Help Time Eternal out by rating it on Apple Podcasts (formerly known as iTunes). It helps us figure out what you like so we can make better content!
Also make sure to “like” Time Eternal on Facebook to stay up to date with all manner of timely thoughts and reflections.
Show notes for "'Making' Time"
Show notes for "Falling Upward after Job Loss"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.524801
Retrieved Text: Multo.com has been at the cutting edge of streaming video technologies for over a decade. Now, a new app, Switcher Studio, offers the show directing environment on an iPad. What used to take an entire rack of equipment can now be done with an iPad and a few iPhones, to Facebook Live and YouTube Live.
We are producing an urban lifestyle show, Rockin’ With You, hosted by Ana Rokafella Garcia and DJ KS 360. The first show featured their lively banter, along with two guests – Ella, a dancer from London, who spoke about Brexit and what hip hop dance means to Londoners; and DJ DP ONE, who talk about his career and what motivates him.
Impressions on the day of the live show were upward of 1000 viewers, throughout the day. That’s a good start on a 10 episode series, that will be broadcast weekly.
The feel is casual, urban and lifestyle focused. Guests will be from music, dance and urban businesses, as well as having discussions on issues affecting the urban communities.
If you are interested in sponsoring the show, we are selling media buys, both on-air shout outs and commercial roll ins/logo plates, starting at $200. Please contact multo@multo.com if you are interested in discussing sponsorship further.
If you are interested in hiring Multo.com to produce your live show, please contact us at multo@multo.com – we can have you looking and sounding professional for your next broadcast, for under $500, to start.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.457821
Retrieved Text: Those with short fuses, take notice. A new study suggests that impatient people may be at risk of aging faster than those who are more patient.
Researchers from the National University of Singapore studied 1,158 undergraduate students to determine if there was a link between patience and telomere length. Telomeres are protective caps at the ends of your chromosomes, and function sort of like the caps on the ends of shoe laces. Instead of keeping your laces from fraying, telomeres help protect damage to DNA and your health.
The students were asked a series of hypothetical questions, all involving instant or delayed gratification. They were initially asked if they'd take $100 right away or wait a month to receive $101 -- a relatively small reward. The delay amount got progressively larger, increasing all the way up to $128 if they waited.
The students were rated on their level of impatience depending on just how much extra money it took to motivate them to wait for the payout. Those who were willing to wait for a small reward were rated more patient, but those who needed more to be convinced were considered less patient.
After taking blood samples to analyze the students' telomere length, the researchers noticed a surprising link. People who were considered to be more hasty were more likely to have shorter telomeres than their less hasty counterparts.
“Impatience is linked to cognitive and social incompetence, inability to cope with life frustration and risk of mental disorders," the study's co-author, Xinh Zhang, told The Telegraph.Telomere length has also been linked

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.449125
Retrieved Text: Show up in concert attire.
You will need to bring two meals.
Mr. Stai is looking for chaperones.
5:10 – Allen Vizzutti Clinic (They will have a good sized concessions operation at the festival for anyone interested in purchasing dinner on site).

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.442285
Retrieved Text: Are you searching for a reality TV show audition? Would you love to take a chance looking for love in a brand new reality series? There is a new casting call for the upcoming series “Dating Nerdy”. The pilot episode is now casting men and women who are single and looking for love and who are willing to take a chance in a non-traditional way. Auditions for “Dating Nerdy” are being held in Phoenix, Arizona.
“Dating Nerdy” is a surprisingly heartfelt and genuine dating show about incredibly smart, geeky, nerdy, socially awkward people trying to find love. Each show will follow a couple through various dates that will show their strengths and inner beauty. Our honest hope is that we can help connect quality people.
Are you smart, talented, nerdy and looking for love? Are you looking for someone who might just be into the quirky hobbies you love? Dating Nerdy is casting for it’s pilot show. We’re looking for nerdy, geeky, socially awkward individuals with good hearts. We want to tell their stories and help them find love.
Seeking male and female individuals that are single and interested in finding love in a non-traditional way.
Interested candidates can apply by emailing gordo@axiom.email. You should include a recent photo, your full name, current phone number and why you think you would be perfect for the upcoming show. Don’t waste any more time looking for love and take the first step that could help you find who you are seeking and be on a new TV show and apply today!
My name

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.341869
Retrieved Text: Evil is unspectacular and always human, and shares our bed and eats at our own table.
Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to teach children.
A man has his distinctive personal scent which his wife, his children and his dog can recognize. A crowd has a generalized stink. The public is odourless.
Perhaps there is only one cardinal sin: impatience. Because of impatience we were driven out of Paradise, because of impatience we cannot return.
The most important truths are likely to be those which society at that time least wants to hear.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
Some books are undeservedly forgotten; none are undeservedly remembered.
You have to live your life according to what comforts you, not what the rest of your family thinks you ought to be doing.
Much happiness is overlooked because it doesn't cost anything.
Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.309987
Retrieved Text: "Who Will Send Me Nudes On Snapchat in Lidingö"
I am a guy looking for a casual woman not girl, a woman.
No comments as all. My weight is my problem and I decide when and how I want to lose it.
I am looking for a kind, honest romantic who enjoys traveling and keeping busy exploring lif.
Looking for good one who are looking for good one coz I assure u that I will be ur success life partner and this is my promis.
I'm looking for a Jewish Woman who understands flexibility; also knows how to treat a gentleman in the same manner that she want.
Hi.i hate this part.. I'm am open book Ask me anything.
I've been at it for hmmm about on and off 6 years OLD. The guy may have lost interest, WHATEVER really i've had guys re-appear days later (deal breaker). So either way does not matter to me. I'm just very sick of this happening. They are so so soooo into me on the dates and I show interest and they show interest then they peace out? Or act not interested and take days to get back to me? Ummmm what girl is ok with this crap?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.184505
Retrieved Text: Unrealistic expectations and impatience can cause great frustration. Even a great mission and a great plan can be thwarted by impatience.
“The end of a matter is better than it’s beginning, and patience is better than pride. Do not be quickly provoked in your spirit, for anger resides in the laps of fools” (Eccl 7:8).

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.169674
Retrieved Text: Uhhh, yeah, the Tony Awards were on tonight. It’s the 72nd one. I didn’t watch it.
I tried to watch it…but…I turned it there when all of that singing was going on.
And that singing they were doing just wasn’t going on for me. So, I turn my DVR back on and went back to looking at Ron Burgundy and them in the Anchorman II.
I love that movie! It’s a hoot, I tell ya! A hoot it is! Only Ron Burgundy can raise and bottle feed a shark that comes back looking for him just so the shark can eat him.
Anyhoo, I didn’t look at the 72nd Annual Tony Awards. I know it was on CBS and a gal by the name of Sara Bareilles and a fella by the name of Josh Groban hosted the 72nd Annual Tony Awards.
I don’t know who they are, but I’m sure they did a good job for those checks they got.
Even if they didn’t do a good job, they’ll still get those checks. Yeah…soooo….yeah.
If y’all want to know what all went on during the 72nd Annual Tony Awards, head on over to The Hollywood Reporter, Variety, or The Wrap.
I’m sure those folks have something up there about it. Come to think of it, if the Tony folks want more folks to look at the show they need to show it on Saturday because ain’t nobody looking at that on Sunday.
Sunday is a day of rest and that’s what folks do. They rest. They don’t spend their time looking at award shows

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.155706
Retrieved Text: Barber shop open on Sunday?
Delta Waterfowl Now in Lancaster Co.
I could use some shooting buds and a good place to shoot.
Any Decent Gun Shops Around Lancaster?
Anyone able to micro solder?
Who has G10 or similar material grips?
Did anyone go to the gun show at Southern Lancaster Sportsmans assoc today?
Anyone got some free time Wednesday, May 11?
Anybody belong to Columbia Fish and Game?
Public places to hunt in Lancaster?
Lancaster Gun Show Feb 4-5, any info?
Millersville student looking for a place to shoot.
gun shops in lancaster area?
Sporting Clays in Lanc County?
Target shooting on private property.
Any Pistol trainign courses offered in lancaster?
Remora or sticky holsters sold locally?
Does anyone plink around here?
PA Non Resident CCW ????
FTF meeting in Lancaster Rt 30 area?
Want to find Lancaster County hang out.
Anyone in the county interested in helping me build my first AR?
No More Gun Dealer Online!
Anyone willing to teach someone interested in flintlock?
Reopened Mt. Joy Ranges- anyone use?
Surplus rifle shoot at Heidelberg Sportsmen Assn.
Anyone use Paul Newhart in Leola for FFL transfers?
Good Selection of HK Pistols?
30 Day Wait for CCW?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.114166
Retrieved Text: What a fascinating discussion this week’s Doctor Who episode lends itself to. Join Deb, Erika, and Tansy as we discuss women who are allowed to fail and still be heroes, the sexual politics of Romans, the Doctor’s (possible?) impatience, Bill’s outlook on history and its denizens, Nardole as a “space tourist”, and much more.
Erika, of all people, even has a cracktastic fan theory about the next season of the show. Incredibly unlikely, but kinda fun, depending on your outlook.
What did you think about this story? Was it slight? Were the stakes high? Was the monster the point? Was the doctor impatient or irritable or something else? What’s up with Missy? SO MANY QUESTIONS. Please feel free to play in the comment section like it’s one big happy fandom sandbox.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.108058
Retrieved Text: Mantracker is officially retiring and show producers are going to be in Fort St. John looking for his replacement.
Bonterra Productions will be in Fort St. John as part of its Western Canada auditions.
Anyone interested in auditioning to replace Terry Grant is expected to have good horse, bush and tracking skills.
The show is currently on its sixth season and filming for its seventh season will begin this year.
Auditions in Fort St. John will take place at the Quality Inn on Feb. 10.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.103686
Retrieved Text: Hi I'm Phil and id like to share with like minded people a "Then & Now" thread to show off your transformations from bad to good, for me i moved into my second tenanted property about 3 years ago and was taken back when i went outside to view the garden or lack of it, 3 years on its a bit different now, all my own work and ideas I never planned anything I just went with my gut feelings and here are the results.
Id be interested to hear peoples comments and Id also be interested to see others proud transformations too .
Ah, you got your after pics uploaded... very nice transformation, now that dingy path looks inviting!
You have added some lovely splashes of colour Highlands, the lawn looks in good condition and I agree with WILLDB that the path and flower bed surrounds do look inviting and so professional.
Looking good Highlands. Here is my before and after - although like all gardens, still a work in progress.
Wow willdb- looking good , you have a very awkward space to work with which must be hard when deciding how to utilise the space - keep up the good work ?
Hi slum , that’s really nice , looks like there’s plenty of flowers to encourage the bees ???
Keep the comments and pictures coming people, let’s see if we can get 50 different garden transformations on here before the end of the year to celebrate with gardeners world 50 year anniversary ??????

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.073094
Retrieved Text: Are you a dancer or interested in working as a dancer in a striptease club?
Crystal Show Club is always looking for beginners or talented and ambitious striptease dancers. Crystal Show Club has already earned a reputation among the international dancers and booking agencies as a club with an exceptionally clean and friendly working atmosphere. We take great pride in this reputation.
We understand what an important role our dancers play in maintaining a good atmosphere and our reputation as the best strip tease club in Finland. This is why we pay special attention in providing our dancers with a professional and positive working environment. We expect our dancers to respect the club rules and in return we respect our dancers and try to accommodate their wishes the best we can.
If you are interested in joining us, please fill in the dancers application.
Please include at least three photos.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.06133
Retrieved Text: Really nice and funny women. Ready for fun and could of show you the best thinks you would of like to experience. I’m only 21 and good looking as you can see on my picture and if you’re interested of the picture you can give me a call and arrange the meeting with me and see so much more and you won’t be let down if what will you see!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.0013075
Retrieved Text: 150 LP vinyl records collection plus 30 12” new sealed vinyl recordmagical mystery tourhappy to.
Job Lot / Collection of approx. good condition blue beatles record.
Are you interested in this item? on back cover, "(the gramophone company ltd)".
The Beatles The Beatles And Esher DemosLabel: beatles vinyl album very good condition this is not a jobette copy but still a great album from the four text or email if you are interested. the covers show some kind of wear but please please me is really damaged .
Check out these interesting ads related to "beatles vinyl"
Sgt. pepper's lonely hearts club band [vinyl]. Discs good - mild shelf wear to covers. "Postage and packaging price includes postage, materials, and time"
Used, play well but may need cleaning.
The unique and Big hopefully photo is sufficiently clear to show album titles but if clarification is needed please ask. beatles vinyl album on red vinyl very sought after very good condition text or email if you are interested.
Hi and thanks for looking at my listingI have a beatles vinyl album very good condition this is not a jobette copy but still a great album from the four text or email if you are interested. beatles vinyl album has 1 or 2 light scuffs but plays very good text or email if you are interested.
The Beatles / 1962-66 Vinyl Records, abbey road all good condition #0. the item condition includes the image and the description listed here slight damage to sleeve/cover vinyl plays fine.
The Beatles 7” Vinyl Singles X 12. beatles vinyl album has 1

================



======= Instance Index 438 =========
Input Text: The word "mechanism" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A mechanism of social control.
Sentence 2: Mechanisms of communication.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.3053
Retrieved Text: With the development of the information network technologies and the popularisation of the Internet, Chinese society is experiencing a Triple Revolution. Regulating the Internet has become a priority in China. In this context, this study seeks a comprehensive and in-depth understanding of China's Internet regulatory mechanism. Through the systematical analysis on Internet law in China, supplemented by the case study on how the issue of the Occupy Movement in Hong Kong was regulated, this study argues that China has developed a hybrid Internet regulatory model, which values both external defense and internal control in pursuit of the goal of cybersecurity, and which combines hierarchical regulation with horizontal monitoring to address challenges brought by contemporary network society. The Internet panoptic-fortification model is developed to illuminate China's Internet regulatory mechanism. The Internet panoptic-fortification model is featured by the centralised control from the authorities and ISPs, the establishment of Chinese sovereign cyberspace with jurisdictional and technical supports, the implementation of the network real-name system and the Internet-surfing record backup system to regulate individual Internet users, and the tight ideological control. This conceptual model reflects important aspects of Michel Foucault's account of governmentality, incorporating both centralised power and diffuse micro-power. This study suggests that China's Internet law to some extent has become an instrument for the state to promote the social discipline in the sovereign cyberspace, and the Internet regulatory mechanism serves for the national security and social stability in a broader context.
Thesis submitted to the School of Communication ; Principal supervisor: Professor Lee Alice Yuet Lin ; Thesis (Ph.D.)--Hong

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.243593
Retrieved Text: Self-other control as a candidate neurocognitive mechanism of typical and atypical social cognition.
The aetiology of Autism Spectrum Disorders and the relationship with associated psychiatric difficulties.
The Strange Stories Film Task : A New Measure of Social Cognition.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.806623
Retrieved Text: Q1 How many main characteristics of traditional/informal justice systems that explain the contribution to better access to crime control.
Q2 Is 􀳦??mob justice􀳦?􀳦 or lynching a sign of failure of state presence or that of the ineffective administration of informal social control mechanism?
Q3 As a matter of estimation, eighty to ninety percent of civil matters in developing countries are handled by the traditional social control mechanism.
Q6 To stem the menace of bribery and corruption, law enforcement agents and the judiciary should swear on oath administered by the priest of Ayelala was a􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦.
The police and the judiciary should be reformed again.
Q10 How many streams of law are pre-eminent in Nigeria legal system?
Q11 Consultation of Ayelala is an offence?
Q12 The above statement has to do with a native who had planted juju around the􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦? 􀳦premises.
Q13 A person may lawfully hold a belief whether based on superstition or not, that by some intrinsically innocuous and inoffensive act, he can influence a decision of a􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦..in his favor.
Q14 The belief in the effectiveness of a deity, divinity or Ayelala has never been in doubt even by the􀳦? 􀳦􀳦?􀳦..
Q15 Egbarevba asserts that 􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦..􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦.. is the method of detecting criminals.
Q16 Uzere Juju is an example of􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦..
Q19 The very 􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦once reposed in the judiciary has now stepped into􀳦?􀳦􀳦? 􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦􀳦?􀳦.
Q25 Walking through the streets of Benin City today, will clearly reveal a return to traditional religious practices as calabashes of traditional religious sacrifices litter every nooks and crannies of the city.
Q32 Effective law enforcement in post-colonial Nigeria requires the following; (i) an official State understanding and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.516565
Retrieved Text: I am currently working as a PhD-student within the Police-in-Action project. My thesis revolves around the neural dynamics underlying emotional action control and its potential in predicting (sub)clinical stress-related symptoms. Employing the approach-avoidance joystick task combined with functional MRI, I aim to measure neural and behavioral effects reflecting our (in)ability to control approach and avoidance tendencies in response to social-emotional stimuli. This control mechanism over approach-avoidance tendencies may serve as an exemplar of emotional action control in general, a highly understudied aspect of emotion regulation.
Before, I completed my bachelor of medicine and research master in cognitive neuroscience at Utrecht University (the Netherlands). I am mainly interested in how interactions between cortical and subcortical brain regions underlie cognition and behaviour, with a special focus on emotional processing in (sub)clinical and healthy populations.
Kaldewaij, R., Koch, S.B.J., Volman, I., Toni, I., Roelofs, K. (2016). On the control of social approach-avoidance behavior: neural and endocrine mechanisms. In: M. Wöhr, S. Krach (eds.) Social Behaviour from Rodents to Humans: Neural Foundations and Clinical Implications.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.480751
Retrieved Text: Bullying...how to respond in a COMPASSIONATE way?
As a teacher, I have seen far too many incidents of bullying. Is there “far too many”? ONE is far too many!
Here, Brenda Morrison explains how the child using bullying behaviour is learning how to use power and aggression to control others. She suggests, to remedy this is NOT to use yet another mechanism of social control.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.956457
Retrieved Text: Usually in the presence of a background noise an increased effort put in controlling a system stabilizes its behavior. Rarely it is thought that an increased control of the system can lead to a looser response and, therefore, to a poorer performance. Strikingly there are many systems that show this weird behavior; examples can be drawn form physical, biological, and social systems. Until now no simple and general mechanism underlying such behaviors has been identified. Here we show that such a mechanism, named stochastic resonant damping, can be provided by the interplay between the background noise and the control exerted on the system. We experimentally verify our prediction on a physical model system based on a colloidal particle held in an oscillating optical potential. Our result adds a tool for the study of intrinsically noisy phenomena, joining the many constructive facets of noise identified in the past decades—for example, stochastic resonance, noise-induced activation, and Brownian ratchets.
Previous Previous post: Surface Plasmon Optical Tweezers published in Phys. Rev. Lett.
Next Next post: Enhanced Detection Range for PFM published in Rev. Sci. Instrumen.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.699652
Retrieved Text: Experiments have been performed to clarify the polymerisation mechanism of chloromethyl-4-(n-butylsulfinyl)methylbenzene 1a and 4chloromethyl-4 0 -(n-butylsulfinyl)methylbiphenyl 1b in NMP. Addition of TEMPO and water to the polymerisation mixture led to the conclusion that radical as well as anionic mechanisms occur which lead to the formation of a high and a low molecular weight polymer fraction, respectively.
Polymer Communication Radical as well as anionic polymerisation mechanisms in the synthesis of poly(p-arylene vinylene) precursors / L. Hontis, M. Van Der Borght, D. Vanderzande, J. Gelan // Polymer. – 1999. – N 40. – P. 6615–6617.
Polymer Communication Radical as well as anionic polymerisation mechanisms in the synthesis of poly(p-arylene vinylene) precursors - Завантажити.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.452745
Retrieved Text: The conservatives in power do not wish to prolong the experiment launched in 2017 on the grounds that it does not facilitate the resumption of a job significantly.
The program, on the other hand, had an effect on the well-being of the beneficiaries.
This is not going to please the defenders of universal basic income, in France or Italy, where the 5 Stars Movement has integrated this mechanism into the 2019 budget. The Finnish Conservative government, the first to experiment with it, has just renounce.
From June 1, 2017 to December 31, 2018, two thousand unemployed received € 560 each month without any consideration. Pole that they could cumulate with family allowances and incomes in case of resumption of employment. But the conclusion is clear: the social mechanism may have been effective in improving the well-being and health status of the beneficiaries, but not for reintegration into the labor market.
From a methodological point of view, the Labor Institute for Economic Research compared the beneficiaries' occupational integration rates with a control group that remained in the classical system. As a result, the proportion of people who found a job was 43.7% with universal income, compared with 42.85% without. A gain too small to go further, says Ohto Kanninen, head of research at the Institute. "Basic income recipients were neither better nor worse than the control group"he concluded.
In fact, the benefits of the measure are not economic: 55% of the participants in the experiment reported feeling in good or very good health, compared to 46% in the control group. Recipients also

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.425009
Retrieved Text: Systems-on-chip (SoCs) based on several core architectures will be attacked. Malicious processes will infer secrets from on-chip wise traffic by evaluating the degradation on their communication performance. Such a threat rises from the resource sharing. In order to avoid such time-driven attacks, the network-on-chip (NoC) can integrate mechanisms to isolate completely different communication flows. In this letter, we have a tendency to propose two mechanisms, random arbitration and adaptive routing, that dynamically allocate the SoC resources to avoid such attacks. We compare our approach to the distinctive previous work under several traffic conditions. We have a tendency to demonstrate that our mechanisms are effective to safeguard the SoC while increasing the overall performance.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.265577
Retrieved Text: Subproject C3 focuses on the composition and distribution of personalized video streams as application use case comprising the major challenge of emerging communication infrastructures, especially considering heterogeneous and mobile video sources. Mechanisms for i) the selection and provisioning of video streams originating from mobile sources, ii) the network-aided composition of personalized video streams in a software-defined communication system, and iii) the distribution of hybrid live and video-on-demand content also considering emerging communication paradigms (e.g. ICN/NDN) will be designed and realized as transition-enabled mechanisms. Core research focus in C3 is the coexistence of the aforementioned mechanisms, which will be evaluated based on mathematical models of individual mechanisms as well as a common simulation model.
The research within the sub-project C3 explores mechanisms for the composition and distribution of content in highly dynamic contexts using user- and content-adaptive video streaming applications as example scenarios. The research focus is on providing a continuous, uninterrupted service while suffering strong fluctuations through changing user demand and high user and device mobility. Especially in the context of mobile applications, personalization of services is becoming a central aspect that poses new challenges for the composition and distribution of media. One central requirement for such services is the support of heterogeneous and dynamic media sources for the selection and composition of media streams. However, current research does only address specific aspects of such dynamic use cases and the research issues related to the requirements of coexistence of such mechanisms as well as the replacement of such mechanisms during runtime are not comprehensively addressed. The findings

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.256744
Retrieved Text: In order to implement and sustain the changes needed to adapt to evolving needs, decision-makers generally agree that clinical and managerial teams must develop greater ability to carry out improvement or innovation projects in their specific environments.
To follow up on their achievements in evidence-informed change, the managers of the Montérégie health and social services region agreed to try out a new form of support for innovation: the Healthcare and Social Services Management and Governance Experiments Project (LEGG).
Experienced as an incubator of innovation, the LEGG mechanism has made it possible to reconcile management and control roles with that of support for the organizations and for the teams that work towards implementing the necessary changes within them. By instigating and leading interactions that unite decision-makers, researchers and stakeholders who embrace different schemes for action, the LEGG has created a set of dynamics for supporting the change process that is focused on perfecting and carrying out innovations.
A course of action focused on the deliberate production of change thanks to a clear direction, the allocation of venture capital, and accountability that is conducive to achieving change and sharing lessons learned.
The LEGG has proven itself to be a systemic mechanism that can support knowledge-informed change. For that reason, the managers in the region have agreed to repeat the initiative.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.18891
Retrieved Text: Certain aspects and embodiments of the present invention are directed to a semi-autonomous insert valve. The semi-autonomous insert valve includes a body, a closure mechanism coupled to the body, an autonomous actuation mechanism coupled to the body, and a control system disposed in the body. The body engages an inner wall of a subsurface safety valve and causes a subsurface safety valve closure mechanism to open, allowing fluid to flow toward the surface of the wellbore. The closure mechanism selectively allows fluid to flow toward the surface of the wellbore. The autonomous actuation mechanism actuates the closure mechanism independently from a subsurface safety valve actuation mechanism that actuates the subsurface safety valve closure mechanism. The control sub-system includes one or more transceiving devices that can wirelessly communicate signals. The control sub-system closes the closure mechanism in response to losing signal communication between the transceiving devices and a signal source.
MX2014009703A (en) 2014-10-06 Actuation system and method for a downhole tool.
MX352842B (en) 2017-12-11 Safety valve control system and method of use.
MX2015002388A (en) 2015-06-03 Inflation control valve.
MX2015003602A (en) 2015-06-05 Method of completing a multi-zone fracture stimulation treatment of a wellbore.
MX2013001025A (en) 2013-02-27 Safety valve control system and method of use.
MX2014013562A (en) 2015-05-11 System and method for servicing a wellbore.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.066353
Retrieved Text: Do implicit and explicit belief processing share neural substrates?
Getting back from the basics: what is the role for attention and fronto-parietal circuits in consciousness?
Can cognitive training increase the capacity of perceptual attention?
Exploring cognitive control and decision making among high-performance sport coaches: The influence of fluid intelligence, cardiac coherence, and imagery.
Structured regulatory self-talk as a mechanism of behavioural and neruobiological change in shaping the social-executive functions of 5-6 year olds with/or at risk of ADHD and high functioning ASD.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.959361
Retrieved Text: Our brain is the interface for communication between the inside of the body and the outer world. Appropriate function of the central nervous system (CNS) relies on a number of intra- and intercellular communication events during and after CNS development, and synaptic connectivity of neurons provides a basis for adequate intercellular communication. Synapse formation and removal are highly dynamic processes, which occur on a time scale of minutes. Disturbance of a single parameter of the intra- and intercellular communication system can already provoke CNS-associated diseases. For example, the appearance of neurofibrillary tangles, which arise from aberrant phosphorylation of a single microtubule-associated protein (MAP) tau, is associated with a number of neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease. Protein kinases, thus, play a crucial role in regulating intra- and intercellular communication and thereby orchestrate the functionally appropriate assembly and maintenance of our brain. They evolved therefore as valuable therapeutic targets in the treatment of brain disorders. However, prior to the development of novel therapeutic agents, the molecular mechanisms of kinase actions and their integration into signaling pathways should be fully understood. This chapter aims at providing an overview over the molecular mechanisms underlying protein kinase signaling in the context of synapse formation.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.9148855
Retrieved Text: Total quality management (TQM) is a philosophy, methodology and system of tools aimed at creating and maintaining mechanism of organization’s continuous improvement culture. It involves all departments and employees into improvement of processes and products. It helps to reduce costs and to meet and exceed needs and expectations of customers and other stakeholders of an organization. TQM encompasses the concepts of business and social excellence that is sustainable approach to organization’s competition, efficiency improvement, leadership and partnership. The objectives of this course is to introduce the main principles of business and social excellence, to generate knowledge and skills of students to use models and quality management methodology for the implementation of total quality management in any sphere of business and public sector.
In the past, quality control in most organisations was the responsibility of the production department, and it was wrongly assumed to be synonymous with physical inspection of goods before they left the premises. The modern view is that quality control and management are the responsibility of everybody in the organisation, starting with the chief executive officer, including managers, drivers, cleaners and even some external stakeholders like suppliers.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.911113
Retrieved Text: Griffiths, M.D. ORCID: 0000-0001-8880-6524 and Wood, R.T.A., 2009. Centralised gaming models: providing optimal gambling behaviour controls. Casino & Gaming International, 5 (2), pp. 65-69.
The expansion in the gaming industry and its widening attraction points to the need for ever more verifiable means of controlling problem gambling. Various strategies have been built into casino venue operations to address this, but recently, following a new focus on social responsibility, a group of experts considered the possibilities of a centralised gaming model as a more effective control mechanism for dealing with gambling behaviours.
Griffiths, M.D. and Wood, R.T.A.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.845876
Retrieved Text: Positive psychology as a mechanism for social change.
Add tags for "Positive psychology as a mechanism for social change.". Be the first.
<http://www.worldcat.org/oclc/670507910> # Positive psychology as a mechanism for social change.
schema:publisher <http://experiment.worldcat.org/entity/work/data/3860363802#Agent/springer_dordrecht> ; # Springer, Dordrecht.
schema:about <http://www.worldcat.org/oclc/670507910> ; # Positive psychology as a mechanism for social change.
schema:organizer <http://experiment.worldcat.org/entity/work/data/3860363802#Agent/springer_dordrecht> ; # Springer, Dordrecht.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.78561
Retrieved Text: This research is to carry out an experimental study to examine and verify the effectiveness of the control algorithms and strategies developed at the Advanced Engineering Design Laboratory (AEDL). For this purpose, two objectives are set to be achieved in this research. The first objective is to develop a generic experiment environment (test bed) such that different control approaches and algorithms can be implemented on it. The second objective is to conduct an experimental study on the examined control algorithms, as applied to the above test bed. To achieve the first objective, two main test beds, namely, the real-time controllable (RTC) mechanism and the hybrid machine, have been developed based on a two degree of freedom (DOF) closed-loop five-bar linkage. The 2-DOF closed-loop mechanism is employed in this study as it is the simplest of multi-DOF closed-loop mechanisms, and control approaches and conclusions based on a 2-DOF mechanism are generic and can be applied to a closed-loop mechanism with a higher number of degrees of freedom. The RTC mechanism test bed is driven by two servomotors and the hybrid machine is driven by one servomotor and a traditional CV motor. To achieve the second objective, an experimental study on different control algorithms has been conducted. The Proportional Derivative (PD) based control laws, i.e., traditional iii PD control, Nonlinear-PD (NPD) control, Evolutionary PD (EPD) control, non-linear PD learning control (NPD-LC) and Adaptive Evolutionary Switching-PD (AES-PD) are applied to the RTC mechanism; and as applied to the Hybrid Actuation System (HAS), the traditional PD control and the SMC

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.740605
Retrieved Text: Can formal and informal institutions be leveraged to build human capital? Uganda’s education system is plagued by low personnel morale, low engagement and high absenteeism (estimated at 27%) among teachers.
We propose to transform state-mandated transfers of teachers between schools into a low-cost instrument to motivate teachers. We do this by leveraging the existing social structure as expressed in the location preferences of teachers. In partnership with a rural district in Eastern Uganda, researchers will undertake a randomized control trial to study whether rewarding top-performing primary school teachers with a future posting of their choice incentivizes teachers to improve their attendance and the quality of their teaching.
There is widespread agreement that economic and private sector development depend on the level of human capital. Small-scale formal and informal institutions underlie the creation of human capital and thus directly link these institutions, private sector development and economic growth. In Uganda, formal institutions demotivate teachers and contribute to low personnel morale and high absenteeism; informal institutions create and compound inequalities in access to public services. These have real consequences: only three out of ten Ugandan students can read and comprehend a simple story by grade three, and only eight out of ten can do so by grade seven (Uwezo, 2012).
One challenging institutional feature is the use of undirected transfers of teachers between primary schools, mandated by the government to occur every five years. The government’s lack of consideration of teacher preferences, and the general lack of potential rewards for teachers who work in more remote areas mean that teachers at

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.738381
Retrieved Text: How is any of that grace?
How is that a gift?
Bell makes the very important point that in archaic religions you had to make a sacrifice to appease the gods. When Bell claims that Christianity is not a “religion,” he means “religion” in this archaic sense. He is correct that the Judeo-Christian tradition critiques archaic sacrificial religions. But Bell misses a crucial point. Archaic sacrifice indeed involved an individual’s anxiety concerning the gods, but what Bell doesn’t emphasize is the social benefits of archaic sacrifice. Archaic sacrifice washed away the anxiety individuals felt in their relationship with the gods, but more significant was the role archaic sacrifice had in washing away the social anxiety humans felt in their relationship with one another. As anthropologist Rene Girard has observed, humans naturally desire the same things. He calls this mimetic (or imitative) desire. If we can’t share the thing we both want, whether it is a water hole, a significant other, an Xbox 360, or a position of power or control, we are going to experience conflict and anxiety. The outlet that archaic religions provided for conflict and anxiety was the ritualization of a spontaneous and unconscious mechanism for forming community. Here’s how it worked: Communities in crisis united against a common enemy. The innocence or guilt of that enemy didn’t matter. All that mattered was that the group had a common enemy to unite against. As Girard states in his book Sacrifice, “what desire for the same object can never accomplish—reconciliation of the adversaries—hatred for a common enemy

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.703709
Retrieved Text: NOVATECH ENVIRO SYSTEMS PVT. LTD.
Jacuzzi Bathtub is installed in bungalows, hotels, resorts, and luxury societies. It can be used for hydrotherapy, warm water massage, and relaxation of body. We manufacture it with high efficiency using premium quality of raw materials under the surveillance of our experienced professionals. It is installed with a jet nozzle, filter, suction pump, heating assembly and a temperature controller panel. Jacuzzi Bathtub is available in various customizable designs and sizes as required by the user.
Jacuzzi mechamism for site constructed Jacuzzi. Whether an extended part of the Swimming Pool or in comforts of Bathroom. Social or private, Fun or relaxing. We offer you customized solution for site constructed Jacuzzi.
Our Jacuzzi mechanism comes with Hydrojet Nozzles strategically placed as per the shape of Jacuzzi is supplied with interconnecting pipelines, Suction port, Air Control, Air Switch, Pump, Filter, Heating System and Control Panel.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.6840315
Retrieved Text: My research examines various processes of social control including those involving the law, violent confrontation, surveillance and mediation. The central question I address is: How does the structure of social relationships influence the strategies used by individuals or groups to respond to conflict? My work has examined juvenile violence as conflict management, the use of the death penalty as a legal mechanism of social control, variation in clearance rates across US cities, small-claims mediation processes, and employee drug-testing as organizational surveillance. My current research involves interviews with county court judges and focuses on their judicial philosophies, sentencing practices, inter-collegial relationships, and identity management.
Marian J. Borg received her PhD from the University of Virginia in 1994. Her research focuses on the sociology of crime, deviance and social control and examines both legal and non-legal strategies of conflict management. Her publications have appeared in Criminology, Law and Society Review, and Deviant Behavior. Dr. Borg has been the Undergraduate Coordinator in Sociology since 2002 and has received University recognition as both a College of Liberal Arts and Sciences Teacher of the Year (1997) and Advisor of the Year (2007).
Mobilizing Law in Latin America: An Evaluation of Black’s Theory in Brazil. Kristin Tennyson Graham, Marian J. Borg and Bryan Lee Miller. Law & Social Inquiry, Spring 2013. Our publication is a product of the collaborative work occurring between Sociology faculty and graduate students in the Criminology & Law program. Krissy Tennyson and Bryan Miller received their PhD’s in Criminology & Law in 2009 and 2010, respectively. Our research addresses two

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.656076
Retrieved Text: The electrical power control mechanism includes a switch-circuit breaker (CD) with a number of current cutting terminals activated by an electromagnet. An auxiliary module (MS) is connected to the power output of the switch-circuit breaker. <??>The electrical power control mechanism includes a switch-circuit breaker (CD) having a number of current cutting terminals activated by an electromagnet, and a release control mechanism. An auxiliary module (MS) is connected to the power output of the switch-circuit breaker with control links to the switch-circuit breaker. A connection control block (R) has control connectors and is connected to the control outputs (A1,A2,21,22,14,13) of the switch-circuit breaker, to which further control terminals (Ba) may be attached.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.647726
Retrieved Text: 3. Producers' experiences of standard implementation and cost-benefit analysis at Del Oro, Costa Rica , by Mikkel Andersen (FAO/RUTA) & Omar Somarribas (Del Oro), Costa Rica.
group 1: Building partnerships; how to start? Choosing your partners, negotiation of contracts, what are rights and responsibilities of each actor?
group 2: Responsible pricing. How to improve pricing mechanisms throughout the chain so that producers can make social and environmental investments on their farms?
group 3: The role of certification in partnerships. More than a control mechanism? How to ensure that certification fulfils its other potential roles such as communication along the chain? Where is the value addition for the actors in the chain?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.605841
Retrieved Text: In the special issue in Proceedings of the IEEE in April 2019, the editors have collected and presented recent works on innovative approaches and emerged technologies for coping with dynamicity, heterogeneity, and the scale, which have been central to (or even enablers of) recent advances in communications and networking technologies. At a time of an ever-increasing demand for networking resources and a larger scale, communication networks have faced challenges due to the heterogeneity of the demands, the diversity of communication mechanisms, the high dynamicity of the environments, the virtualization of functions, and the stringent and dynamic quality requirements. In recent years, there have been notable advancements in research and development of concepts and methods for highly adaptive and scalable communication networks.
While communication networks themselves are becoming increasingly seamless to their users, they have become an integral part of human society and are deployed in increasingly challenging network scenarios, such as the Internet of Things (IoT), smart cities, big data systems, and multimedia systems. Key to the success of communication networks is their ability to adapt and cope with the broad challenges due to the increase in the scale. This way communication networks can meet a variety of demands of a wide range of sophisticated and challenging network scenarios. Adaptive communication networks have the ability to change network configurations, the usage of network resources, or the network mechanisms themselves. This allows for meeting the demands of the applications in the presence of dynamics associated with changes in the workload, in the usage of the communication media, in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.554774
Retrieved Text: Before removal of the steering mechanism remove a steering wheel since otherwise it is possible to damage a spiral spring.
Remove a steering wheel (see Has undressed Removal, installation, dismantling and assemblage of a steering column).
Disconnect from rotary fists tips of steering draughts (the Door Section see).
Disconnect assemblage of an intermediate shaft (see Has undressed Removal, installation, dismantling and assemblage of a steering column).
Turn out a bolt and remove two collars.
Disconnect from the steering mechanism delivery and returnable tubes.
Turn out two bolts of fastening of assemblage of the steering mechanism and remove it.
Do not damage returnable tubes.
Installation is made upside-down. After installation check up corners of installation of forward wheels.
Remove two returnable tubes with four sealing rings from assemblage of the steering mechanism.
Clamp assemblage of the steering mechanism in a vice.
Put adjusting labels on steering draughts and on their tips then give counternuts and remove tips.
Ослабьте collars and clips of protective covers also remove covers and their fixture.
Measure the left and right covers that then to establish them on former places.
Keeping draught a wrench, remove it by means of the special adaptation.
Measure the left and right draughts that then to establish them on former places.
Turn out an adjustable spanner a counternut of a cover of a spring directing рейки and remove a cover, a spring and directing рейки.
Remove a cover of the case of the steering mechanism.
Keeping a shaft of the control valve, give a self-blocked nut.
Put adjusting labels on assemblage of the control valve and on the case of the steering mechanism.
Turn out two bolts take

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.542036
Retrieved Text: This book series provides a wide coverage of animal communication research including signal production and perception, development, behavioural mechanisms, signal function, population effects and the evolution of communication systems. It includes intra- and inter-specific communication, addresses communication in all taxa including humans and covers signals of all sensory modalities - visual, acoustic, chemical, tactile and electrical. Each volume summarises our current understanding of signals and communication in a particular context, this may be in a single taxonomic group or as a topic of current interest across a wide range of taxa. The series is aimed at scientists, university teachers and graduate students.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.51721
Retrieved Text: Executing a transition to another overlay mechanism that allows for a better performance and cost under the given environmental conditions.
Motivated by the concept of overlays as well as the concept of adaption the goal of the Adaptive Overlay Communications group (AOC) at the Multimedia Communications Lab is the research and design of new models, mechanisms, and methodologies for an adaptive and context–aware overlay communication.
The group’s research results should lead to a paradigm shift in the design, implementation, deployment, and maintenance of overlay mechanisms. Future overlay mechanisms will be able to adapt their functionality dynamically at runtime without the knowledge or interference of the user, thereby transparently reacting to changes in the environmental conditions.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.49357
Retrieved Text: Each species evolved neural mechanisms that enable individuals to effectively navigate their respective social and ecological landscapes. These landscapes are inherently noisy, comprising features and events that vary along multiple dimensions. Rather than incapacitate neural processes, our brain is equipped with mechanisms to efficiently parse, encode and process meaningful information and use it for subsequent decisions. Our research philosophy is that significant insights into the neural mechanisms underlying our ability to navigate the complexities of the natural world come from experiments performed in these exact contexts. A core mission of our lab is to examine neocortical processes in the context of the noisy, cluttered acoustic and social landscapes. While we emphasize studies of natural behavior, we also complement this work with experiments employing conditioned behavioral paradigms to examine specific facets of the neural processes. Research in our lab ranges from studies of natural communication in wild populations to experiments on neural circuitry as part of a broader vision to elucidate the neurobiology of behavior in nonhuman primate neocortex.
Research in our lab is funded by the NIH National Institute of Deafness and Other Communication Disorders (2R01 DC012097), NIH National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (R01 NS109294) and DARPA (SSC-5029).
Our laboratory is affiliated with the Neurosciences Graduate Program, Department of Psychology, and the Cognitive Neural Systems Group at UC San Diego.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.407272
Retrieved Text: The way in which businesses communicate and collaborate is changing. It is a natural evolution; it is an alignment with how society is evolving and how social tools are becoming an integrated part of every day life.
There is still a place for traditional communications in business; and the social revolution will likely make some business leaders, and indeed communicators wary, as control over the message becomes more difficult to facilitate and manage in a culture of ‘free conversation’.
The deployment of social tools in a business is an investment in trust and a leap of faith in employees. It is giving employees the right tools to empower good conversations that may ultimately lead to better business outcomes.
That isn’t to say that social tools don’t present risks, they do. In a culture of rapid change you need to make sure that the conversation in your business stays on track and doesn’t become a risk to engagement.
That is where Internal Communications still has an essential role, by guiding the conversation and managing the organisational story – leading the narrative. Social tools can help achieve this through effective use of Yammer, You Tube, and SharePoint for example.
The Intranet still has a place in business, but is quickly becoming challenged by the variety of social tools that provide a more dynamic mechanism to deliver content. An Intranet that has been built in SharePoint offers a range of collaboration solutions such as blogging, discussion groups and forum capabilities.
Social tools such as Yammer are providing a mechanism to drive conversations in a virtual

================



======= Instance Index 444 =========
Input Text: The word "shock" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: To shock rye.
Sentence 2: Shock grain.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.568745
Retrieved Text: In 1996, the producer price index for corn rose 45.4 percent, soybeans were up 25.1 percent, and wheat prices increased by 15.2 percent. Thus, 1996 met the rule-of-thumb definition of a grain price shock—a 20 percent or greater increase in the price of at least two of these three key feed grains. Drought in the Midwest and West, pessimistic crop forecasts, and robust foreign demand affected the magnitude of the shock.
Corn production was perhaps most affected by drought. While 1994-95 had seen a record high 10.1 billion bushels of corn produced, the crop fell by more than a quarter to 7.4 billion bushels in 1995-96. Corn "disappearance"—a term for the total demand or use of a commodity (including exports)—also fell, but by not nearly as much. As a result, stocks of corn were reduced by nearly 75 percent, speculation increased, and prices rose sharply.
A similar, but less dramatic, scenario unfolded for soybeans. Production fell 13.5 percent, the rate of disappearance edged down only slightly, and stocks were reduced by nearly half. Prices rose as the soybean markets reacted to these developments.
The story for wheat was somewhat different. The winter wheat crop emerged poorly in the fall of 1995, and scant snow cover exposed the emerging wheat to the unusually cold winter of 1995-96. "Winterkill" was presumed to be extensive and official projections saw the crop to be too severely damaged to make harvesting cost effective. However, the actual drop in production was only 6 percent, by far the smallest among the three key grains, and the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.4625
Retrieved Text: Full grain leather is easy to clean and maintain to extend product life.
TPU plate for added stability and flexibility.
Shock absorbing heel cushioning for all day comfort.
Womens ballet shoes. Heel height: 20mm. Full grain leather is easy to clean and maintain to extend product life. TPU plate for added stability and flexibility. Shock absorbing heel cushioning for all day comfort. Retention foam provides full foot contact and support. Bow detail on front. Slip on. Upper: Leather. Lining: Foam. Sole: TPU.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.157152
Retrieved Text: Breathable, lightweight and shock resistant. Full grain action leather construction.
Highly breathable Thinsulate thermal insulation for extra warmth. With Tably padded collar.
8 eyelets for better fit. Oil and shock resistant outsole.
'Boot height: 8 (20.3 cm).
Material: Full grain leather, rubber sole. Lining Material: Thinsulate.
High performance tactical Delta Boots from Highlander provide superb protection to the foot and ankle in every situation and are ideal for all kinds of outdoor actives such as hiking, trekking or hunting. Perfect choice for everyone who is looking for high quality outdoor footwear designed especially for extreme conditions.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.588846
Retrieved Text: The Ecco Men's Cairo Apron Toe Oxford features: full-grain leather upperleather liningremovable leather-covered inlay sole with ECFS (tm)direct-injected, PU outsole with shock pointECFS (TM) increases air circulation for perfect inner climateImported.The Ecco Men's Cairo Apron Toe Oxford features: full-grain leather upperleather liningremovable leather-covered inlay sole with ECFS (tm)direct-injected, PU outsole with shock pointECFS (TM) increases air circulation for perfect inner climateImported.
Orders typically leave our warehouse 24-48 hours after order is placed. Delivery can vary depending on distance.
Free standard shipping for gift cards.
Merchandise may be mailed back or returned to any Dillard's store location within 30 days of purchase. Personalized items, clearance items marked down 65% or more, and items otherwise noted as non-returnable cannot be returned.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.42346
Retrieved Text: Microsteel® is a tough, shock and fatigue resisting Chrome-Nickel-Moly alloy steel turned ground and polished bar. In the delivered heat treated condition, it has the highest combination of tensile strength and ductility while maintaining comparable high machinability. Microsteel is quenched and tempered, stress relieved and machine straightened prior to grinding. This process insures proper grain structure alignment, removal of longitudinal stress factors and confines hardness range to within 2% variance in any bar or plate section. Most air-cooled alloy products, except tool steel, cannot meet these qualifications. A slight reduction in hardness from surface to core is more desirable than “air-hardened through hardness” since this provides much higher ductility and resistance to shock.
Flexite® is a tough, shock and fatigue resisting Chrome-Nickel-Moly alloy steel hot rolled, quenched and tempered bar. In the delivered quenched and tempered condition, it has the highest combination of tensile strength and ductility while maintaining comparably good machinability. Higher hardnesses attainable from 421-555 BHN. Flexite is quenched and tempered, stress relieved and machine straightened prior to shipment. This process insures proper grain structure alignment, removal of longitudinal stress factors and confines hardness range to within 2% variance in any bar or plate section. Most air-cooled alloy products, except tool steel, cannot meet these qualifications. As light reduction in hardness from surface to core is more desirable than “air hardened through hardness” since this provides much higher ductility and resistance to shock.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.228333
Retrieved Text: iPhone Cover Wooden Case Shock-Absorption Thin PU Phone Cover with Scr – The Gallery Inc.
Material:new PU wood + environmentally friendly.
Perfect for iPhone8 iPhone7 iPhone7PLUS,free availble screen protector.
Shock Absorbing:acts as a shield against accidental drops, knocks, bumps, scratches and dust.
Super feel:the real natural hard wood grain. Unique, stylish, classy.
Lightweight:The slim wood overlay on a strong durable high quality yet light-weight polycarbonate bumper is nice.
It is a very fashionable mobile cover.
Apply to iphone7, iphone7Plus, iphone8 mobile phones, please choose according to your needs.
Adjustable thickness and heat resistance, shock to the ground and can be prevented.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.20035
Retrieved Text: The SSK Highlight Pro is our first glove designed for the youth player in mind. We wanted to create the first Catcher’s mitt that incorporated the SSK patented Dimple Sensor Technology and padded Shock Guard. The Highlight Pro is made from top grain steerhide leather and is lightweight, soft, requiring minimal break-in time, making this glove the perfect way to begin your SSK career.
The Highlight Pro is the perfect way to begin your SSK career due to this glove featuring the patented Dimple Sensor Technology, and padded Shock Guard for extra palm protection. Made of top grain steerhide leather for durability, and designed with fabric finger stalls for added comfort and moisture wicking properties to avoid slippage, this lightweight, soft, and quick to break-in glove is the perfect way to begin your SSK journey.
My son’s fastballs were starting to sting, so I decided to invest in a catcher’s mitt.
I’m very happy with the purchase!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.194435
Retrieved Text: To smooth volatile grain prices, the Indian Government procures additional grain quantities, creating agricultural commodity buffers, often redistributed to poor households. This policy can produce a demand shock, triggering increased inflation. This blog looks at new IGC research to model the distortionary effects of such policies and potential monetary policy responses.
Understanding monetary policy design in emerging markets is a growing area of research. One aspect missing in the literature is how distortions in the agriculture sector amplify the impact of a variety of shocks on output and inflation dynamics. In an ongoing International Growth Centre (IGC) project, a model was developed of the Indian economy to understand how a major distortion in the agricultural sector in the procurement of grain by the government affects inflation and output dynamics. The project provides a framework to understand these dynamics and in turn determine what the appropriate monetary policy response should be.
Many developing countries, like India, have large agriculture sectors, which are inherently volatile. In India, the combined agriculture sector (agriculture, forestry and fishing) comprises 17% of gross domestic product (GDP). The employment share of the agriculture sector in India is also large: 47% (2013-14).
The Indian government periodically intervenes in the agricultural sector, especially in the food grain market, by directly procuring grain from farmers to create a buffer grain stock to smooth price volatility, and for redistribution to the poor. As part of the procurement policy, the government announces minimum support prices (MSP) before every cropping season for a variety of agricultural commodities. MSPs are the prices at

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.174515
Retrieved Text: These city smart plain toe oxford shoes from rockport are ideal for jet setters and city-dwellers. These sleek and lightweight shoes are built with a shock-absorbing air blown pu sole and anti-microbial dewix wicking linings. Other features include full grain leather that are easy to clean and maintain to extend product life, padded collar to help prevent blisters, sponge eva footbed that conforms to the shape of the foot for a personalized fit, adiprene by adidas technology which provide shock absorption and heel cushioning and pu outsole which provide durable shock absorption to help reduce foot fatigue.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.117594
Retrieved Text: A corn flour mill in Muleshoe, Texas has been cited for thirty three serious violations after an OSHA inspection revealed dangerous accumulations of combustible grain dust. In its statement, OSHA explained that “grain dust accumulation, in the right combination of particle size, air and an ignition source, can expose workers to possible explosions.” The mill, operated by Minsa Corp., was also cited for exposing workers to electrical shock hazards. Proposed fines total $151,200.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.073063
Retrieved Text: The Ariat Devon Nitro™ Paddock boot is a showcase of advanced technology for peak performance. The updated form of the high performing Devon Pro, the Nitro is beautifully crafted from premium full-grain leather, features Nitro™ technology for top-of-the-line flexibility, stability and comfort plus it has Ariat's Shock Shield™ technology for maximum shock absorption.
These are premium quality, hard wearing riding boots, perfect for serious riding enthusiasts.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.03693
Retrieved Text: The Apex Y910 Men's Moc Toe features roomy moc toe styling crafted from full grain leather for breathability and comfort. The lace-up style gives it a great dress/casual look, while the polyurethane outsole provides long lasting shock absorption and cushioning. The lightweight, removable Apex Orthotics and Pressure Relief System (PRS) insoles provide optimum comfort and shock attenuation.
Uses Apex Pressure relief insole for customized comfort. Allows easy customization for specific foot pain relief.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.948269
Retrieved Text: Sports Grain is cushioned vinyl flooring that is the highest quality product for both athletic and commercial use. This product provides consistent force reduction values with maximum durability and a true ball bounce for improved performance. The Sports Grain surface has the strength of vinyl and the aesthetics of maple hardwood.
The flooring consists of multiple layers and each layer or coating has unique function, such as increasing dimensional stability, reducing maintenance costs, increasing longevity, and providing sports performance and shock absorption.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.922026
Retrieved Text: One-piece water-resistant 2.8mm full grain leather upper. Gore-Tex® lining waterproof and breathable. Asolo/Vibram® highly technical sole. The outsole incorporates three shock absorbers that correspond with the areas of foot that receive highest impact during activity. These shock absorbers can be identified by their different colour respect to the sole. The shock absorbers are created by combining two polyurethane layers – one of high and one of low density. These layers are individually coloured using a new and innovative technology. Gripped with a molded rubber outsole produced in conjunction with Vibram® the balance of the outsole has self-cleaning lugs designed for optimum performance on varying types of terrain.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.834488
Retrieved Text: Belleville Boots 310 ST - Hot Weather Steel Toe Tactical Boot "Closeout"
Shock Absorbent MeraMax? Polyurethane Sole System ?
Durable Full Grain Tan Cowhide Leather & Cordura? Nylon ?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.83433
Retrieved Text: Dublin Galtymore Tall Dress Boots are crafted from full grain European leather and are contoured through the ankle with a high Spanish cut top line. A full grain leather lining and full leather elasticated panel help ensure the perfect fit. The RCS Ultra footbed offers sweat control, a shock-absorbing heel, and a moisture-wicking sock-liner.
Beautiful boots, clean, NO Break in period. LOVE MY DUBS!
Does thisâ€™s boot come in a cognac color?
BEST ANSWER: These boots are available in black only.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.815044
Retrieved Text: Straight, close grain with a fine, uniform texture. Nearly white sapwood, sometimes with a reddish tinge and light tannish heartwood. Heavy, hard, strong, and stiff with moderate shock resistance, low decay resistance, and medium movement in use. Steam-bends satisfactorily. Machines well, especially for turning, but is susceptible to burning and irregular grain can cause chip-out. Pre-drilling recommended for screwing or nailing. Glues well and finishes very smoothly.
4/4 Select grade, kiln dried, random widths, 12′ lengths. Planed to 15/16″. We also stock 8/4.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.776793
Retrieved Text: The granular flow around a cylinder is visualized using a high-speed camera. Granular particles are driven by gravity on the inclined plate, or between two plates, and generate a shock layer via a pile that is formed ahead of the cylinder. The characteristics of granular flows are investigated by changing the size of the granular particles. The gas flow is modeled with the coarse sand for the grain flow. The flow liquid flow is modeled with the mud for the grain flow.
Read more in Visualization of granular flow around obstacle.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.71784
Retrieved Text: Burnished full-grain leather upper with adjustable hook and loop strap closures.
Suede lined footbed with cushioned foam center.
Lightweight polyurethane outsole is flexible and absorbs shock.
Approx. 1¼ inch heel height.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.680126
Retrieved Text: The Catcher in the Rye has been charged with three major failings: excessive and unrealistic use of foul language; its obsession with a character whose anxiety and alienation are not objectively valid; and social criticism so unrelenting, so evident of distaste for the modern world, that it borders on misanthropy, the hatred of humankind itself.
The response to such charges depends not on sociological, political, or even philosophical grounds. Rather, the subtle structure and crucial episodes and symbols demand that the novel be evaluated as a work of literary art. Within the complex history of modern literature, Holden Caulfield is one of many rebels. This literature of protest against society often purposefully satirizes conventional values. If it offends readers, forces them to look at reality from what the critic Kenneth Burke has called a “perspective by incongruity,” it does so to disturb and shock the audience to look again at the world. The Catcher in the Rye dramatizes how easily modern man, in Holden’s eyes at least, accepts a vulgar environment characterized by graffiti, urban decay, fake behavior, and a culture that glorifies the trivial while remaining insensitive to human needs.
While Holden rejects the trivial and sees swearing as inconsequential, he is profoundly hurt by the death of his brother Allie and the accidental death of a school friend, James Castle, whom no one even wants to touch after he falls off a school building. In the novel’s most famous passage, Holden explains that what he most wants to do is catch little children playing in a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.674465
Retrieved Text: Details: Premium full grain leather upper with a lace up closure for a secure fit.
Air injected midsole for cushioning comfort.
100% pure rubber outsole maintains bounce, absorbs shock and provides traction.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.564959
Retrieved Text: Rockport Trail Technique Waterproof. Crafted in full grain leathers, suedes and mesh. Hydroshield waterproof technology. Antimicrobial performance lining. Shock absorbing EVA midsole. Durable rubber outsole with a rugged lug tread for stability and traction.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.532509
Retrieved Text: An elegant lace-up shoe thanks to the slimmer profile design. Smooth full-grain leather uppers make the New Jersey Bicycle Toe Tie a sophisticated choice. Light flexible sole has added shock absorption for ease of wear.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.500748
Retrieved Text: April 2018 saw That Boutique-y Whisky Co (Atom Brands, AKA Master of Malt) being bought by the much larger company InBev, who own Budweiser. They stopped shipping to the US but few other changes occurred.
This one is an innovative, perhaps Adelphi inspired, take on whisky, blending Japanese and Scotch.
Nose: Quite grain driven, almost Bourbon-like corn, creamy, some sharp oak, very dry leaves.
Taste: Soft and creamy, lacking a lot of power, lots of grain, some strawberry, a little vanilla.
Finish: Short length. Lacking, some late strawberry.
Disappointing. Tastes like there’s a lot of Grain whisky in this one, with very little malt. There’s very little complexity for 21 years, no power to speak of whatsoever and the balance is majorly off. I would like to apologise for being harsh but TBWC is usually so good that this is quite a shock.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.481934
Retrieved Text: The Rage Chisel Tip is available in three versions. The 2-blade Rage Chisel Tip has a 2-inch cutting diameter and is available in 100-grain weight. The 100-grain 3-blade has a 1.5-inch cutting diameter.
The new Rage Chisel Tip broadheads offer the ShockLock blade-retention system. This proprietary system allows the blades to lock in place by using an O-ring that acts as a shock absorber for the blades. They remain locked in place until the moment of impact. The new Rage Chisel Tip broadheads are easily recognizable by their black, anti-friction nickel-coated chisel points and red-anodized ferrules.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.45157
Retrieved Text: Available sizes 3 to 13. Constructed from a polished full grain leather upper and re styled cut away scoop collar for easy foot access and comfort. Lightweight, metal free with non snagging eyelets. Improved shock absorbing footbed and innovative high grip rubber sole.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.414688
Retrieved Text: Made in the USA, the Acadia features Danners famous stitchdown construction, providing a more stable platform underfoot and superior durability. This boot has a waterproof, breathable GORE-TEX lining and a combination upper of 1000 Denier nylon and full-grain leather. The Vibram Kletterlift outsole provides superior shock absorption and great traction on both wet and dry surfaces. Features 400G Thinsulate Ultra Insulation.
FULL-GRAIN POLISHABLE LEATHER & 1000 DENIER NYLON UPPER: To reduce the weight of the boot, we combine our smooth, full-grain leather with incredibly strong 1000 Denier nylon. This durable upper is completely polishable.
GORE-TEX (GTX): 100% waterproof and breathable, GORE-TEX liners ensure that no water gets in, while allowing sweat and moisture to get out.
400G THINSULATE ULTRA INSULATION: High-performance insulation that keeps you warm in the snow and rain without weighing you down.
VIBRAM. KLETTERLIFT OUTSOLE: Specifically designed for comfort and durability; the heel provides superb shock absorption and the rubber compound guarantees great traction and stability on both wet and dry surfaces.
HOW IT FITS: The 650 last offers a sleek, slender profile with a more narrow fit. Boots on this last tend to fit those with a more narrow foot better than those with a wider foot. This ensures a snug fit for terrain and activities that demand support and stability. If you do have a wider foot, we recommend ordering an "EE" (wide) in this style. Please note this last fits slightly long and we recommend sizing down a half size for best fit.
RECRAFTABLE: Extend the life of your boot with our recrafting services. This boot

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.408749
Retrieved Text: This leather folio from Knomo has been specially designed for the iPhone 5S. With its full-grain leather and its shock-resistant cover, it combines elegance and maximum protection. Moreover, its magnetic front flap and its strap-handle make it even more comfortable.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.40782
Retrieved Text: It seems like forever since I baked bread that wasn't rye. This bake had the most explosive oven rise I have ever had, and I'm not sure why. These were shaped oval, but almost grew round. I used 50-50 Central Milling Artisan Baker's Craft and 85 Extraction Wheat, both malted. I'm not sure what the equivalent percentage WW in this recipe would be. The recipe is 75-25 bread flour to WW, so my experiment seemed low risk.
In place of the cracked rye called for in this recipe I used an old rye bread soaker, now a third generation, since the old bread I used itself had included an old rye bread soaker. I also upped the hydration during the mix by almost a cup. The dough was sticky, but after working with rye the last couple months, handling seemed easy by comparison. The Central Milling flour also has beautiful extensibility.
I regret taking the loaf on the left out too soon, but it had reached 209F. The one on the right required about 10 extra minutes to get to temperature, thankfully. I used only natural leaven and cold retarded the shaped loaves about 20 hours, baking straight from the fridge on stone.
Looks delicious and what a fine crumb.
favorites of his. And yours looks gorgeous!!!!!!!!!!
Those are gorgeous. If they taste half as good as they look they'll be phenomenal. I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one imaging how good that would be for a night lunch right about now.
I'm especially interested how the rye bread soaker tastes

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.39405
Retrieved Text: Taupe, full grain leather sneakers with a stitched plain rubber cup sole, premium natural calfskin leather lining, shock proof innersole, cotton laces and extra round leather laces. Package includes extra leather shoe laces and a JAK cotton bag. Designed and handcrafted with care in Portugal.

================



======= Instance Index 535 =========
Input Text: The word "property" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He is a man of property.
Sentence 2: That hat is my property.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.777245
Retrieved Text: Welcome to your source for professional real estate services in Medicine Hat .
::::::::: 1. The Canadian " AACI " Commercial and Residential Real Estate Appraisal designation ( Accredited Appraiser Canadian Institute ) awarded October 3,1986 from the Appraisal Institute of Canada.
::::::::: 2. The Canadian " CPM"® Certified Property Manager designation awarded February 27, 1984 from the Institute of Real Estate Management of the National Association of Realtors.
::::::::::3. The Canadian "FRI" Fellow designation awarded May 12, 1979 from The Real Estate Institute of Canada.
again awarded on January 26, 2016.
Currently, I continue to hold the Real Estate Institute of Canada FRI and CPM® designations , an Alberta Associate Broker's Real Estate License and a State of Arizona Real Estate Broker's License.
In January 1984 my family and I moved to Scottsdale, Arizona and we have since returned to Medicine Hat in July , 2013 where we now permanently reside after approximately 30 years of full time residency in Scottsdale, Arizona.
My work experience both in Canada and the United States extended into all aspects of Real Estate including residential and commercial real estate sales and brokerage, commercial and residential real estate property management , commercial and residential real estate appraising and commercial and residential real estate lending.
My career in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area for approximately 30 years concentrated within the Appraisal Profession of Residential and Commercial Real Estate and as well as within all aspects of Real Estate Brokerage activities of Residential Sales and Listings and within all areas of Commercial and Residential Real Estate Lending Activities.
Prior to relocating to the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.96492
Retrieved Text: billi12022017 hat am Okt. 2018 eine Bewertung geschrieben.
Dear billi12022017, Thank you for posting a review about your recent visit to our property. I am glad my staff impressed you as we take pride in our customer service. The Suite, Breakfast, and Evening Social sets us apart from the rest. No other hotel offers this to their clients. Thank you again for staying with us and we welcome your return.
davidspenger hat am Aug. 2018 eine Bewertung geschrieben.
Dear davidspenger, Thank you for the 5 STAR review. I appreciate the compliments about our property. Rest assured that I will share your comments with my entire team. Thank you again and please visit us again in the future.
Sara B hat am 2. Apr. eine Bewertung geschrieben.
Cruiser43373426700 hat am Jan. 2019 eine Bewertung geschrieben.
Dawn C hat am Jan. 2019 eine Bewertung geschrieben.
AlabamaAngel hat am März 2019 eine Frage gestellt.
What are weekend breakfast hours?
I'm pretty sure they run until 10am on weekends. But agree with the previous suggestion to call them to confirm.
ChrissieD48 hat am Okt. 2018 eine Frage gestellt.
I am coming from England and be staying in Atlanta for 3 nights. Is it safe to walk out at night, are there restaurants near Hotel.
Like every downtown area, you have to know where you are. There are many restaurants near the hotel, I have reviewed most of them. Including one in the hotel. Stay in the main area of downtown and you should be pretty safe. Lots of police presence.
Michael B hat am Sep. 2018 eine Frage gestellt.
A friend who lived in

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.272879
Retrieved Text: A teenager in Seattle, Washington was harassed by a man and a woman on the street for wearing a "Make America Great Again" hat.
In a YouTube video of the encounter, Ashton Hess told the man who allegedly spat on his hat, "That's my property, dude. Come on."
The video then shows the man telling Hess to "get the f*** out [of] this city."
Hess said that he was with his family waiting for a ride outside the Starbucks Reserve Roastery when the incident occurred.
He said that the woman seen in the video knocked the hat from his head and onto the ground, after which the man spat on it.
The woman is heard saying, "You're not welcome here" to Hess as well.
"[The man] continued to curse at and flip off my family. I did absolutely nothing to provoke anyone around, and was completely blindsided when I was hit," he said.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.089941
Retrieved Text: hat here with Erick Kuvshinikov as your Real Estate Specialist.
I asked a few of my past clients to tell others about their experience with me, Erick Kuvshinikov, and my team as their real estate specialist. My team has been serving Southern California real estate needs since 1987. Although we are based out of Temecula we do service the greater Southern California Area. Whether it is commercial or residential, I can help with all of your real estate needs. My mission is to provide unparalleled service to my clients, be they Sellers, Buyers, Landlords or Renters. I want to make people thrilled with the outcome and feel comfortable with the entire process. There are many things to do when you are looking to buy or sell a property. The first thing to do is call Erick Kuvshinikov, and I will guide you through the rest. I want to make this experience something that you will brag to your friends and family about.
YourHatHere.com Is Your Preferred Real Estate Specialist!
Erick Kuvshinikov is the lead real estate broker at YourHatHere.com and part of the Paradyme Realty team based in Temecula, California. We have been serving Southern California real estate needs since 1987. Erick graduated from Pepperdine University with his degree in computer science and business. This understanding allows him to utilize the most up to date technologies readily available on the market today. His extensive marketing background makes him one of the most eligible real estate specialists for all of your real estate needs. Our branch is located at: 41720

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.865778
Retrieved Text: 05/05/09 | Vida Preciosa International, Inc.
Reminds me of some words from John Steinbeck that he wrote in the "Grapes of Wrath"
"Funny thing how it is. If a man owns a little property, that property is him, and it's like him. If he owns property only so he can walk on it and handle it and be sad when it isn't doing well and feel fine when when the rain falls on it, that property is him, and some way he is bigger because he owns it. Even if he isn't successful he's big with his property. That is so."
And the tenant pondered more. "But let a man get property he doesn't see, or can't take time to get his fingers in, or can't be there to walk on it-why, then the property is the man. He can't do what he wants, he can't think what he wants. The property is the man, stronger than he is. And he is small, not big. Only his possessions are big-and he's the servent of his property."
"Times are changed don't you know? Thinking about stuff like that don't feed the kids. Get your three dollars a day and feed your kids. You got no call to worry about any kids but your own. You get a reputation for talking like that, and you'll never get your three dollars a day. Big shots won't give you three dollars a day if you worry about anything but your three dollars a day."

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.408535
Retrieved Text: This ultra soft beanie is made in baby soft bamboo fabric, providing a soothing feel. It is gathered at the top and on the sides for a voluminous look that helps disguise hair loss. It looks fabulous alone, and also pairs wonderfully with accessories like a hat pin or broach for a lovely look. This beautiful beanie is also soft enough to sleep in and will help your little one feel secure, snugly, and warm all night long. Fully lined with no exposed seams or tags on the inside, this is a great option for those with sensitive scalps because it won't itch or scratch. It's available in many different shades, so that you're sure to find the perfect color to pair beautifully with just about anything any girl would want to wear it with. We love the look and feel of this luxury turban and know that you will, too!
Our Sophie Hat provides total head coverage for girls with hair loss due to cancer, chemotherapy, alopecia, or other types of medical hair loss conditions. The bamboo fibers of this luxurious cap are soft as silk, yet strong and durable. Bamboo features a moisture wicking property that helps it to dry quickly and adapt to the body's natural temperature. Bamboo fabric has natural antibacterial qualities, making it great for anyone who may be extra sensitive to germs and susceptible to infections. One size fits most. 95% bamboo viscose. 5% spandex. Delicate cycle or hand wash inside out. Dry flat or in cool dryer on low setting.
One

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.39478
Retrieved Text: Schönes modernes Hotel, Zimmer sind schön und der Balkon gefällt. Die Pools sind deutlich kleiner als sie auf den Bildern aussehen. Das Morgenbuffet ist klein aber gut. Hotell ist direkt mit der Brickell City Centre Mall verbunden.
We appreciate having been the hotel of choice for your recent Miami visit. We will be looking forward to seeing you again in the future.
Staraptor hat am Dez. 2018 eine Bewertung geschrieben.
Thank you very much for your detailed review. We appreciate your preference and feedback. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your residence, décor, views, and location. We apologize that due to the full sellout of the property on your departure date were not able to provide a later checkout, not even for a fee. We do provide 2 espresso coffee pods per room per day as a free amenity. Additional espresso pods can be ordered for a fee. Our property does not offer shuttle service, but we can book any transfers required via a preferred company vendor and charge your account. We will be honored to see you again on a future Miami trip.
We highly appreciate your choice in hotels during your last Miami stay, and are carefully reviewing your feedback to see where you had a great experience and where further improvements can be made.
Prizzis hat am Juni 2018 eine Bewertung geschrieben.
Ganz neu, mit schönen Materialien durchgestylt, und grossen Zimmern mit toller Aussicht: die Eckzimmer mit Balkon sind umwerfend! Ebenso die Rooftopbar “Sugar” im 40. Stock (reservieren!) und der Pool-Bereich.
So wonderful to hear of your great experience.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.372494
Retrieved Text: We are a happy, professional couple in transition to finding the perect location to live in Australia. We are looking to buy a property later this year, and wish to travel around Australia freelancing and enjoying life, to find our perfect destination. We both work full time, but have the option to work from home. We are both Australian citizens. Adam my partner, is a Scientist/Engineer and CEO at Emuquantum. I (Simonne) work for my family hat business (Gordon Hat Shop), which is a unique small business, that allows me to travel and sell my hats all around Australia at markets and festivals. So house sitting right now is perfect for us. We both love animals and nature, and have both grown up with a variety of cats, dogs and birds. My partner is a expert in the garden, as he has managed and developed many gardens on our previous properties. In our spare time, we love to exercise in nature, eat quality organic food, be artistic and practice yoga and meditation. We are not party people at all.
We wish to hear from you.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.193449
Retrieved Text: I packed up my laptop, strapped on my gun belt and began escorting the Black Hat to the train station. If I could get him to the train on time, he´d be a prisoner at the Googleplex by tomorrow morning.
I mapped out our route through Virginia City…we would head down Main St. all the way to Flowery St. where we would sprint the rest of the way towards the station. Initially, Google Maps showed me the best route to the train was a straight shot across D St. …however, we would be too exposed, making me an easy target for the Black Hat gang. No problem…with a little flick of my finger on my iPhone screen, I made a slight alteration to Google´s route. A journey down Main offered us the greatest amount of cover from our adversaries.
I wasn´t nervous as we walked through the hotel lobby / saloon. Sure, the Black Hat crew had run off the Pinkerton men, shot the local sheriff & coerced the local folk to turn against me. However, they failed to take into account two important factors…I was a crack shot with all types of weaponry and I had the technology that would get the Black Hat & I safely to the train station on time.
We walked out the front doors of the establishment onto Main St . It was a brutally hot and very windy day in Virginia City. The streets were deserted. A huge patch of tumbleweed blew past us. Morricone´s theme from “Once Upon A Time In

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.141882
Retrieved Text: I’m not really a hat person. That isn’t to say I don’t like them, because I absolutely do. I love how they keep you cosy, I love how they cover up a bad hair day, and most of all, I love how they give you an opportunity to add a bit of interest to a Winter outfit, since I pretty much feel like a walking coat for the majority of this time of year. Thing is though, I’m just not convinced they suit me.
Everything about a hat – no matter the style – works in theory. I see them on other people, I plan cute little outfits around them, and it’s all going well. Then I plonk one on my head and it all goes wrong. The vision I had in my head just doesn’t seem to work out in real life. No matter how hard I try, the hat just seems to sit there awkwardly, a bit like lost property. An item that simply doesn’t belong, something that has been dropped into an unexpected location and forgotten about – that is what hats look like on me. I might as well be walking around with a cat or a tea set up there. Seriously. Maybe I just have an oddly shaped head? Who knows.
Anyway, despite this natural inability to look good in headwear, I seem to insist on trying it. I just can’t seem to accept that berets are all kinds of wrong. I duly pop one on, fiddle with it for about three hours

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.068214
Retrieved Text: Colorado Home Insurance Quotes, but try not to be paranoid. Consumer Education and Outreach Bureau 300 S, how to Get a Small Test Page for the Apache HTTP Server on Red Hat Enterprise Linux With Bad Credit. Even as far south as it gets, 1% and Denver. SBA loans don’t need to be 100% collateralized, there are also dozens of aboriginal languages spoken by Canadians of aboriginal descent. Cards/Cubs Game Tickets, do they push and promote a certain line. Test Page for the Apache HTTP Server on Red Hat Enterprise Linux company understands the needs of independent travel agents, вЂњThe longer your property Test Page for the Apache HTTP Server on Red Hat Enterprise Linux Test Page for the Apache HTTP Server on Red Hat Enterprise Linux the market. Property hunters rate the Test Page for the Apache HTTP Server on Red Hat Enterprise Linux as their preferred and most used source for finding flats or Test Page for the Apache HTTP Server on Red Hat Enterprise Linux, 2019 Fiat 500 Test Page for the Apache HTTP Server on Red Hat Enterprise Linux Instrument Panel Demo.
If you would like to let the administrators of this website know that you’ve seen this page instead of the page you expected, you should send them e-mail. In general, mail sent to the name “webmaster” and directed to the website’s domain should reach the appropriate person.
For information on Red Hat Enterprise Linux, please visit the Red Hat, Inc. website. The documentation for Red Hat Enterprise Linux is available on the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.949998
Retrieved Text: In this free online game your task is to defeat an army of War Machines. The Iron Man Riot Machines is a high quality Iron Man platformer with parkour elements. Have Fun!
Do you have few minutes on hand, and want to something fun, and do you also enjoy to play a free online game on the internet? If you are in the same mood as us today, then you probably would like to play the free Iron Man Riot Machines game online right now.
Use Arrow Keys to Move. X key to Shoot. C key when in close combat. Spacebar to Double jump.
According to coolfactsforkids.com there are many fun facts to learn about Iron Man. Iron Man is one of the more witty and funny super heroes out there. He is fun to watch and he always brings some humor to the movies. Iron Mans real name is Tony Stark. Unlike many other superheroes he doesn't hide his identity. Iron Man is from the United States on the planet Earth. Iron Man's powers come from the suites he invented. The suits grant him some pretty awesome powers. Iron man can fly, he has super strength, he is very durable and has many cool weapons. His most popular are the rays he can shoot from his palms.
According to WikiPedia a riot is a violent disturbance of the peace by a crowd. It is a form of civil disorder commonly characterized by a group lashing out in a violent public disturbance against authority, property or people. Riots typically involve

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.863544
Retrieved Text: It is immoral to use private property in order to alleviate the horrible evils that result from the institutions of private property.
[T]he recognition of private property has really harmed Individualism, and obscured it, by confusing a man with what he possesses. It has led Individualism entirely astray. It has made gain, not growth its aim. So that man thought that the important thing is to have, and did not know that the important thing is to be.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.764088
Retrieved Text: Sandra B hat am Juli 2018 eine Bewertung geschrieben.
Kathleen C hat am Aug. 2017 eine Bewertung geschrieben.
talbur hat am Juli 2017 eine Bewertung geschrieben.
Darrell R hat am Juli 2017 eine Bewertung geschrieben.
Sehr schöne entspannte Urlaub! !!
Srothu hat am Juli 2017 eine Bewertung geschrieben.
Desaster ständigen migrationszwang in ein perfekt, erholsamer Urlaub!
happytrail5 hat am Mai 2015 ein Foto veröffentlicht.
Dylan T hat am Apr. 2014 ein Foto veröffentlicht.
christyb828 hat am Okt. 2008 ein Foto veröffentlicht.
Sunset drops fast...so be ready!
slabeaume hat am Juni 2018 ein Foto veröffentlicht.
mander111 hat am Gestern eine Frage gestellt.
A couple friends and I are planning on coming over in about three weeks. We are staying in the 4 bedroom place. Beach Walk? I'm not sure. I've read mixed reviews about the cleanliness of the place and the damage from Hurricane Matthew. Anyone visited recently and can tell me a little about the place? Anyone have any favorite must eat places? I saw the awesome decks on the buildings. What are the views like? Beach? Pool? Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!! TIA!
Terri Richardson hat am März 2019 eine Frage gestellt.
Looking for information about the 4 bedroom units: locations, elevators?
King Cotton usually has 4 bedrooms and they have elevators.
Gary R hat am Dez. 2018 eine Frage gestellt.
Confused as to what is actual website for Ocean Ridge II? Is this correct?? Searching and get linked to Armed Forces Vacation Club????
William L hat am Okt. 2018 eine Frage gestellt.
Are grills available? If so, are they on the balcony or maybe around the pool area. Do you know if they

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.730986
Retrieved Text: Collects Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man (2019) #1-5. Spider-Man is the worst neighbor ever! There are always crazy villains and property damage and drama and…and he catches those villains. And he tries to fix the damage. And he helps carry your groceries. And actually that property damage keeps the rents down. You know what? Spider-Man is the best neighbor ever, and this book will give you a closer look at Spider-Man's (and Peter Parker's) neighborhood than any before it! But it wouldn't be a Spider-Man adventure without a threat that could destroy not only Spider-Man, but also all his friendly neighbors — and it's going to take him far from home, to a part of the Marvel Universe you've never seen before! Plus: Aunt May has a shocking secret that could change everything for Peter and his family!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.689486
Retrieved Text: Matching cap with the Christmas dress.
Hi, I'm Majovel! Yes you have been attentive to the channel last week I brought this wonderful Christmas party dress. By itself you have not seen it here I leave you all the videotutorial and the pattern clicking here. I've seen that you loved it! So, this week I decided to make a beautiful matching hat. This complement is very simple to make and is ideal to make this beautiful set. Lets go see it!
Here I leave the cute set.
I hope this hat you liked. As you can see the set is beautiful. The way the flower is made will be found in the video tutorial on YouTube. If you have any questions, leave them in comments, I personally review them. As for the sizes, I remind you that I have an entrance with all the sizes and measurements of the head so that your work goes perfectly. Yes you have doubts about the size entered here. A hug!
© copyright. This pattern is my property Majovel crochet can not sell it or share it on the net. It is subject to copyright laws.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.611284
Retrieved Text: One man is facing six charges after a police pursuit Tuesday afternoon in Grande Prairie.
Grande Prairie RCMP say the incident began Tuesday at around 2 p.m. when an officer saw a Ford F150 truck he believed to be stolen.
They say the officer followed the vehicle to an apartment building where he saw the vehicle’s driver side door open and a male crouching in front of a small car.
The officer then yelled at the male, saying he was under arrest, but the man fled running more than 100 metres before reaching a fence he could not get over.
The officer arrested the 22 year-old Grande Prairie man and found alleged stolen items in the truck, along with a knife.
The man already had an outstanding warrant for a break and enter and is currently facing one count of possession of stolen property over $5,000, three counts of possession of stolen property under $5,000, possession of a weapon and obstruction.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.5991335
Retrieved Text: After two major manhunts, police have tonight arrested a 37-year-old South Australian man following a series of armed robberies in western Victoria today.
A 34-year-old South Australian man was arrested outside a property on Main Street, Bealiba about 7pm.
It’s understood the man was trying to steal a vehicle from the property at his time of arrest.
The owner of the car was assaulted during the attempted theft and received minor injuries.
The South Australian man is currently assisting police with their enquiries.
Police would like to thank the community for their assistance in helping to locate the man.
The police hunt for a man who is believed to have stolen a woman’s car at knife-point earlier this morning has again been scaled back, despite the offender remaining at large.
The search came to a dead-end for the second time today at around 3 pm in Bealiba after beginning in Rathscar before 8 am. The manhunt in the Rathscar area was called off around at 12.30 pm after police failed to locate the suspect despite the assistance of the Police Airwing and canine squad. The manhunt reignited in Bealiba hours later on the back of new information.
“A male, believed to be from South Australia, in his mid 30s, approximately five foot 10, has an olive appearance and a medium build and was last seen wearing a black and grey jacket and dark blue jeans.
“We’ve been searching around the Bealiba and Rathscar area but we weren’t able to locate him or ascertain which direction he went in.
“He is possibly hitch hiking from around this

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.581208
Retrieved Text: Officers arrested Carlos Olivarra, 32, in the Truckee River after he fled from police.
Reno police arrested a man Saturday night suspected of robbing a woman at gunpoint on the 1100 block of California Avenue, according to a release from the Reno Police Department.
Officers responded to the area, which is near Reno High School, after the victim was robbed as she left work.
The victim told officers that a man was waiting for her and pulled a handgun while demanding money and other personal property, according to the release. The man then fled the area on foot.
While with the victim, officers located the man in the area of Idlewild Park. He then fled from officers.
Carlos Olivarria, 32, was arrested a short while later in the Truckee River. He was still in possession of the firearm and had property belonging to the victim, according to the release.
Olivarria was booked into the Washoe County Jail on charges of robbery with a deadly weapon, ex-felon in possession of a deadly weapon, ex-felon failure to register, possession of stolen property and obstructing and resisting.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.577789
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the San Francisco Hat Company® Web site. This web site and the services offered are subject to the following terms and conditions of use. If you visit or shop at our site you agree to these terms.
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. This site and its contents are displayed and maintained for the purposes of promotion and sales of San Francisco Hat Company®'s products and services available in the United States and other countries. You agree that we may use or disclose information about your demographics and use of the site that does not reveal your identity or specific personal information. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
When you visit our Web site or send emails to us, you consent to receive communications from us by email or by our posting notices on this site. You agree that all communications that we provide to by email or by posting at our site satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Unless indicated otherwise, San Francisco Hat Company® will be granted a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to any user feedback or submissions transmitted to San Francisco Hat Company® in connection

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.562826
Retrieved Text: A man is in custody after police say he forced his way into the Children's Adventure Center through a locked door and began destroying property.
WEST CHESTER, OH (FOX19) – A man is in custody after police say he forced his way into the Children's Adventure Center through a locked door and began destroying property.
It happened Monday in West Chester Township.
"There's a man trying to get in the front door," a woman told a 911 dispatcher. "Oh my God! He's in! Hurry, he's in – he's going to hurt somebody."
The dispatcher told the caller officers were sent to the location, 8110 Market Pl. Dr.
"He's hitting people," the caller said, in between sounds of the man yelling in the background of the call.
Witnesses said he smelled of alcohol.
Jason Lehman was eventually taken into custody, but not before police say he damaged computers, file holders, and the counter. He faces charges of vandalism and assault.
Police said a woman at the daycare suffered a minor injury.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.510922
Retrieved Text: Salih ibn Muhammad ibn Za'idah (AbuDawud said: This Salih is AbuWaqid) said: We entered the Byzantine territory with Maslamah. A man who had been dishonest about booty was brought. He (Maslamah) asked Salim about him. He said: I heard my father narrating from Umar ibn al-Khattab from the Prophet (ﷺ). He said: When you find a man who has been dishonest about booty, burn his property, and beat him. He beat him. He said: We found in his property a copy of the Qur'an. He again asked Salim about it. He said: Sell it and give its price in charity.
"‏ إِذَا وَجَدْتُمُ الرَّجُلَ قَدْ غَلَّ فَأَحْرِقُوا مَتَاعَهُ وَاضْرِبُوهُ ‏"

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.506548
Retrieved Text: Allen Dale Epperson, III: 31, of Red Bluff was arrested early Tuesday and charged with possession of stolen property and two misdemeanor warrants after he was seen sleeping in a Chrysler sedan behind an apartment complex on South Jackson. He was in possession of stolen property, including a Sharp 55-inch television, an HP laptop and a luggage set.
Alberto Romero Rodriguez: 21, of Red Bluff was arrested in the 1700 block of Walnut Street and charged with inflicting corporal injury to spouse.
Tenatia Destiny Jackson-Crain: 27, of Corning was arrested Sunday in the area of Solano Street and Fairview Avenue and charged with receiving known stolen property. Bail was $10,000.
San Benito Avenue: A man reported he was on railroad property behind Dudley’s Excavating in Gerber and was battered by a person who was trespassing.
Edith Avenue: Police were called about 10 p.m. Monday to the Spring Mountain Apartments for a disturbance between parents.
Solano Street: Two men were in a fight about 3 p.m. Saturday near the Hatfield’s Ace Hardware.
Yolo Street: A Corning resident reported a woman in a skinny black jacket was pulling on vehicle door handles about 9 p.m. Sunday.
Edith Avenue: A woman reported about 8:30 p.m. Monday a suspicious man who was acting aggressively followed her from Rite Aid to the Olive Pit.
Short Drive: Corning Ford Saturday afternoon reported a stolen vehicle and a black DeWalt pressure washer.
Andrews Street: Bob’s Auto and Truck Painting reported over the weekend a fence was cut and toolboxes taken.
State Route 99E: A credit card was stolen from a mailbox and used.
Sherman

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.4697895
Retrieved Text: Since the company was launched in 2013 by Andrew Warring the company has grown to become a multidiscipline Chartered Building Consultancy offering construction support services to a wide range of companies across the UK.
Green Hat now has five vastly experienced construction professionals ready to provide support services to construction and property related companies. Our people have held senior roles in major national and international companies, regional contractors, public sector bodies and specialist companies.
Although based in Swansea the company now works primarily in the South Wales, South West, South England areas and the M4 corridor up to and including Central London.
As a Chartered Building Consultancy, Green Hat’s approach to client relationships is proactive and personal. The company does not deliver standard advice, plans or documents. Our vision for Green Hat Consulting is providing a tailored service that improves, relieves and makes a positive and long-lasting impact.
“ The green hat is the energy hat…The green hat is the creative hat.
Under the green hat we lay out options and alternatives.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.462691
Retrieved Text: THE body of a man has been found tortured and with his hands cut off at an isolated farmhouse in Cartagena.
The victim, thought to be Lithuanian, was murdered, police believe, as a message in a feud between rival drugs gangs.
Neighbours have told police the premises were used for growing marihuana.
The man’s killers left his body tied to the wooden post of a garden pergola, wrapped partly in polythene and wearing only his underpants.
The grisly discovery was made by a police patrol who had been dispatched to the location after the alarm was raised by a truck driver.
He was said to have first noticed the body in the morning but assumed from a distance that the man was resting.
When he passed by the same location later that day he realised the man had not moved and alerted police.
Officers found the man bloodied and with multiple injuries to his body, and with his hands cut off.
Neighbours later told police that four men, thought to be from eastern Europe, had been living in the property for more than a year.
They also said a fifth man was sometimes seen visiting them.
The men had been using the isolated premises, off the road between El Castillejo and Los Simonetes, for the illegal cultivation of marihuana.
Occasionally the plants could be seen growing through a boundary fence, police were told.
The identity of the dead man has not yet been revealed.
The owner of the property who rented it to the men is believed to be from Madrid and often told neighbours he had difficulty getting

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.411108
Retrieved Text: Perhaps it is because liberty is an intuitive concept and because the state is foreign to human nature that the precepts of (classical) liberalism can be described succinctly. Whatever the reason, one need only spend a matter of a few hours to read and understand the fundamental tenets of liberalism.
Leonard Read aptly illustrates the spontaneous order of the market, despite its complexity, and the impossibility of effective central planning in a matter of only a few pages in his wonderful essay “I, Pencil.” Frederic Bastiat’s The Law, first published as a pamphlet in 1848, fully sets forth the case for liberty and limited government, and examines the means by which the law and the state unchecked can be transformed into instruments that plunder the liberty of man.
These are but two examples that immediately come to mind. The library of liberty is filled with works of brevity and power.
For one searching to read an exposition on liberty with only five minutes to spare, an obvious recommendation is an essay titled “Property,” by James Madison, published in the March 29, 1792, issue of the National Gazette. Especially in the infancy of the United States, Madison was a powerful defender of liberty. In a length no greater than this article, Madison set forth the critical principles of freedom. This essay, which is reprinted in most collections of Madison’s writings, is powerful and deserves to be cited often.
Madison explains that property extends from land to opinions, from money to faculties, from conscience to free time. Property, understood in its broad

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.407176
Retrieved Text: The Ice Crown is a hat that can be found on the first floor of Clothing Store and purchased for 122 Bucks. Purchasing this hat will allow you to wear it only in Adopt Me!, unless you purchase it for Robux from the Roblox Catalog.
"Former property of the last empress of Charn."

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.396526
Retrieved Text: The viral video, which has gained more than 671,000 views on Facebook as of Thursday afternoon, shows an unidentified man uprooting Cruz for Senate yard signs in the Montrose neighborhood of Houston and tearing them apart before yelling how he hated the Texas Republican.
The encounter began when homeowner Alfred Ramos, who filmed the video, noticed the man reaching for one of his yard signs.
“It is your property? Okay,” the man said, leaving the sign alone, before going across the street and asking if that sign was also on Ramos’ property.
“That’s my neighbor’s property. He’s a gun owner,” Ramos replied.
The man then began ripping up the signs he had in his hand before turning around and yelling at the camera.
“I hate Ted Cruz! I hate Ted Cruz!” the man yelled in a demonic sounding voice.
This is not the only instance where left-wing protesters have torn up yard signs for GOP candidates and organizations.
One Wednesday evening tweet showed two unidentified individuals caught on surveillance footage stealing Cruz signs in a Texas park, and a professor at UNC Asheville who allegedly stole a political sign for a local conservative political action committee was arrested this month and charged with a misdemeanor.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.391191
Retrieved Text: An Orient man was arrested for drunk driving early Saturday morning, according to a police report.
Alexander Aquino of Birdseye Road was pulled over around 1 a.m. Saturday for violating traffic law, police said. He “had a strong odor of an alcoholic beverage on his breath, slurred speech, bloodshot glassy eyes and was unsteady on his feet,” a report stated.
Officers also found Mr. Aquino in possession of Adderall and Valium, both of which are controlled substances, according to the report.
He was placed under arrest and transported to headquarters for processing and a Sunday morning arraignment.
• Someone stole $190 worth of produce from a farm stand in Peconic last Thursday, police said.
A witness reported seeing a man in a 2004 Honda Odyssey take the produce without paying, according to the police report. The owner does not wish to press charges but is seeking financial reimbursement for the stolen produce.
The suspect took $100 worth of tomatoes, $35 worth of watermelon, $35 worth of peaches and $20 worth of cantaloupe, police said.
• A $380 moped was taken from a Mattituck residence last week, according to a police report.
The Piagg brand moped was taken from the Cox Neck Road property sometime between last Tuesday and last Thursday, police said. It was not immediately clear if any suspects had been identified.
• A Laurel man who was caught trespassing on Robins Island last Wednesday afternoon said he was unaware the island was private property, according to a police report.
A complainant called police to report the man refused to leave the eastern beach of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.36974
Retrieved Text: Many of us know about the Sorting Hat at J K Rowling’s Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. When a new student puts on the hat it tells him or her to which of the four houses – Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw or Slytherin – they are most suited.
Well a property is just like the Sorting Hat. It’s as if it instinctively knows whether it’s right for you – and you for it. All you have to do is listen carefully to the conversation the property is having with your inner self.
This is important, as you don’t want to be put in the wrong house. You want to be somewhere which fits your personality, as well as your pocket and your spatial needs.
Of course every now and then even Sorting Hats can become a bit confused by the choice. Just look at what the British electorate Sorting Hat has done with the 2017 general election! It may have to have another go sooner rather than later. Yes there are many things to be confused about, especially in property. And it’s not just about finding the right home for you. What about the market? Then there’s Brexit, the economy, schools, transport, mortgages and even the neighbours. And what about prices – are they going up or down? When is the right time to buy?
But the right home can magically make many of these concerns disappear. That is because, apart from our families and ourselves, our homes are one of the most important things in our lives. Our homes

================



======= Instance Index 457 =========
Input Text: The word "kill" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Kill the engine.
Sentence 2: He killed the ball.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.016731
Retrieved Text: Residence before enlistment Rutherglen, Vic.
Jamieson, W., 'Ball, George', in Australian Dictionary of Biography, vol. 7, Melbourne, MUP, 1979, p. 160.
R. McMullin, 'Such is glory: 7th Battalion at Lone Pine', Wartime, no. 11, 2000, pp.44-47.
The very first contingent [...] -- this First Fleet of the new Australian nationhood -- left Australian waters in early November 1914 with at least 12 Russians: the Finns Baer and Hiltunen, the ethnic Russians Arn, Kamishansky, Sast and Sindeeff, the Polish-born Markowicz and Watson, the Jews Zander and Levene, and the Russian-born Englishmen Ball and Dyson.
[...] George Ball (7th Battalion), a Russianised Englishman from St Petersburg, became a Gallipoli hero [...]. A month after being wounded during the landing at Gaba Tepe, he rejoined his battalion. On 6 August, at the battle for Lone Pine, he won a DCM (Distinguished Conduct Medal) for 'conspicuous gallantry' and was promoted to corporal -- when the officers and NCOs in his party had all been killed or wounded, according to his citation he 'took command ... in an isolated post, and held the enemy in check until reorganization had been effected'. At Lone Pine, one of the most glorious battles in the history of the 7th Battalion, Lieut. W.J. Symons, Ball's company commander, had '150 men and four officers' under his command; afterwards, 'All but 9 were dead or wounded'. Four of them, including Symons, received the Victoria Cross.
[...] [At the Western Front] fearless George Ball, the Lone Pine hero, took part in a successful raid on enemy trenches along this northern Belgian sector, for

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.802757
Retrieved Text: Police Officer Charles Ball was shot and killed at the train station while attempting to arrest a railroad employee who had threatened a woman.
The subject who shot him was apprehended two months later. He was convicted of second degree murder and sentenced to 15 years in prison.
Officer Ball was survived by his wife and eight children, and his mother. He is buried in Woodmere Memorial Park, Huntington Cabel County, West Virginia.
Two of Officer Ball's family members were also slain in the line of duty in separate incidents. His brother-in-law, Patrolman Lon Castle, was shot and killed on May 9th, 1925, while serving with the Ashland, Kentucky, Police Department. His brother, Prohibition Officer George Ball, was shot and killed in the line on June 20th, 2915, while serving with the West Virginia Department of Prohibition.
Rest In Peace Brother LEO. You are honored and remembered on the 95th anniversary of your EOW.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.059904
Retrieved Text: His wife and 16-year-old daughter were found on a roadside in a locked yellow Mini Cooper in 2015.
AN ANAESTHETIST GASSED his wife and daughter to death using a yoga ball filled with carbon monoxide, a Hong Kong court has heard.
Prosecutors told the High Court that Khaw Kim-sun left the inflatable ball in the boot of a car where the gas leaked out and killed them, according to reports from court.
Khaw cried today as the pathologist who examined the bodies was called to testify and began to give details about the autopsy he carried out on his daughter, according to an AFP reporter in court.
Prosecutors had said that Khaw, a 53-year-old Malaysian national, was having an affair with a student and his wife would not grant him a divorce.
The court heard that in a police interview, Khaw had said he had urged his younger daughter to stay at home and finish her homework on the day of the deaths, according to Apple Daily.
Khaw had been seen filling two balls with carbon monoxide at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, where he was an associate professor, reports said.
The family’s domestic helper Siti Maesaroh told the court that the couple’s three other children had gone to school on the day of the deaths, but Lily was having a holiday.
She said the children had a good relationship with their parents.
Siti added that Khaw and his wife had separate bedrooms and cooked their meals separately, but said she did not know anything about their relationship.
The couple’s eldest daughter is due to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.98278
Retrieved Text: A former police officer who shot and killed a 26-year-old black man in Columbus, Mississippi, has been indicted for manslaughter by a grand jury.
Before the finding Wednesday that Canyon Boykin is criminally liable for the death of Ricky Ball, police and community members had not reached agreement on key facts of the case, including whether Ball was armed at all.
There was no body camera or other video recording of the incident, making the indictment all the more surprising to observers.
“It’s highly unusual for a [Mississippi Bureau of Investigation case] to be taken to a grand jury and to result in a homicide indictment against a police officer,” said Philip Broadhead, director of the criminal appeals clinic at the University of Mississippi law school. Nationally, very few police shootings lead to criminal charges.
One likely reason the case was brought before a grand jury is that the county district attorney turned the case over to the state, which conducted an eight-month investigation.
In October 2015, former officer Boykin stopped a car where Ball was the passenger. Ball fled the scene and a chase and gunshots ensued. Few of the other facts about that evening have been agreed upon.
Boykin, who did not activate his body camera, alleged that Ball pointed a gun as he fled. The Ball family insisted that Ball did not own a gun.
The gun found by Ball’s body belonged to another Columbus police officer, who claimed that it had been stolen from his house. But the officer did not file a theft claim until 12 days after

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.87662
Retrieved Text: – Engine Kill Starter Button Switch Motorcycle Pit Dirt Bike. MOTORCYCLE CNC Engine Stop Start Kill Switch Button Dirt. Quadard Kill Switch. BIKE IT UNIVERSAL KILL SWITCH MOTORCYCLE ENGINE CUT OFF. Racing CDI Ignition Coil Kill Switch Wiring Loom Harness. MX Engine Stop Tether Closed Kill Switch Push Button. plete Kick Start Engine Wiring Harness Loom Cdi. Mini Moto Quad Motard Dirt Bike Kill Switch Rider Lanyard.
NICE Motorcycle Scooter ATV Dirt Bike Kill Switch. Amp Atv Motorcycle Dirt Bike Tether Line Kill Switch. dirt bike spare parts kill switch. NEW RUN STOP ON OFF FLIP KILL SWITCH HONDA XR250 XR250L.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.849356
Retrieved Text: St Louis Erupts when Cops shoot a Criminal, but what about the 9 yr old Killed 24 hours before?
Protests erupted in St Louis when another thug was shot and killed by police. St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said that a group of protesters blocked an intersection, threw glass bottles and bricks at officers, and refused orders to clear the roadway. Inert gas was used and when that didn’t have any effect on the crowd, police turned to tear gas to clear the intersection.
The man killed was 18 year old Mansur Ball-Bey, another “gentle giant” I’m sure. Get ready to see pictures of him in the media from when he was 12. The two police officers that shot Ball-Bey were serving a search warrant Wednesday afternoon in a crime-filled section of the city’s north side. They encountered two suspects, one of which was 18-year-old Mansur Ball-Bey. The suspects were fleeing the home as Ball-Bey, who was black, turned and pointed a gun at the officers. Naturally, the officers, who were white, shot the teen before they were shot themselves. Ball-Bey died at the scene.
Protest began INSTANTLY and 150 people came out of the woodwork ready to fight.
150 cop hating fools were able to assimilate in record time because a low life tried to kill a cop, but when this innocent young girl was killed in her bedroom, where she should be safe, the “black lives matter” movement is nowhere to be found. Wouldn’t HER death be considered more heinous than a drug dealing thug who attempted

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.83004
Retrieved Text: (7) SSgt. Wells bailed out and was captured. He was released from the Rangoon Japanese prison camp on 4 May 1945 then was in Calcutta, India, general hospital, which he left about 15 June 1945, and is now in the U.S. at home. (8) Sgt. Harris did not bail out and is believed to have been killed when the plane crashed and blew up. (9) TSgt. Ball did not bail out and was last seen trying to radio our position from the flight deck. Believed killed when the plane crashed and blew up. (10) TSgt Faulkner did not bail out; he was aiding the co-pilot. Believed killed in crash when plane blew up.
A letter by SSgt. McKernan reads: Sgt. Harris did not bail out. Four men bailed out: Capt. Dorst, 2ndLt Gambale, Sgt. Wells and myself. The airplane crashed and exploded and all aboard died in the crash: pilot Lt. Kaufman, navigator Lt. James, co-pilot Lt Pittman, Sgt Harris, tail gunner, Sgt Ball, radio, Sgt Faulkner, engineer, Sgt Schultz, gunner.
The Brooklyn Daily Eagle reported on 24 May 1944 that "19 BORO AND L.I. SOLDIERS AMONG 415 MISSING," Asiatic Area: GAMBALE, Gene - Mrs. Helen Gambale, wife, 836 President Street.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.540815
Retrieved Text: A U.S. Marine killed his wife following a military ball in Virginia earlier this month, authorities say.
Cops in Arlington found 20-year-old Natasha Rivera dead inside a hotel room on the morning of Nov. 3. Husband Rodolfo Valencia, who was at the scene, was taken into custody without incident.
Natasha Rivera was also a Marine, and the recently married couple were stationed at Quantico. They had an infant child.
Rodolfo Valencia, 24, had told a dispatcher just after 10 a.m. that his wife was unconscious and that he believed he had killed her, according to a search warrant affidavit obtained by the Free Lance-Star.
Natasha Rivera had injuries consistent with strangulation and a "brutal" beating, a detective wrote, according to the newspaper. Her husband indicated he blacked out after drinking the night before and did not remember what happened, according to investigators.
The couple had attended a ball celebrating the Marine Corps' 243rd birthday, according to the Free Lance-Star.
Valencia was charged with murder. Anyone with information on the slaying should contact Arlington cops at (703) 228-4166.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.36113
Retrieved Text: ST. LOUIS, MO (KTVI) - The St. Louis Circuit Attorney says her office will not file charges against the officers involved in the shooting death of 18-year-old Mansur Ball-Bey. His family was just informed of the decision.
Ball-Bey was shot and killed on August 19, 2015, in the highly charged days following the anniversary of the fatal shooting death of Michael Brown by a Ferguson police officer. The signicant date prompted talk about race and police relations nationwide.
The family's attorney says his clients are not surprised by the decision explained in this 43 page report. But he says they are disappointed.
Ball-Bey was killed last August by a single bullet that struck him in the back. It was fired by a St. Louis police officer after Ball-Bey allegedly pointed a gun at another officer. It happened just after Ball-Bey allegedly ran out the rear of a two family flat in the 1200 block of Walton. Police were searching inside for guns and drugs.
The Circuit Attorney's report concludes there is not enough evidence to charge the officers, that the evidence they do have supports the claim of self defense.
The investigation found two versions of the story. One as told by the two officers, plus an ATF agent who were part of the operation, as well as an off duty police officer who happened to be in a nearby yard.
The other version comes from the 14 year old who was with Ball-Bey at the time of the shooting. He claims Ball-Bey did not have a gun.
The report says a palm

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.302006
Retrieved Text: A closer image of the wall panel at the Canadian National Vimy Memorial, Pas-de-Calais, France where the sacrifice of No. 472904, Pte. Wesley HAGER (1888-1916), 46th. Battalion, Canadian Infantry, CEF is recorded. He died at Regina Trench, near Albert, France on 11 Nov 1916. Lest We Forget.
A wide view of the wall marker placed in memory of the sacrifice of Wesley HAGER (1888-1916) on the Canadian National Vimy Memorial, near Vimy, Pas-de-Calais, France. Lest We Forget.
A wider view of the wall marker in memory of the sacrifice of Charles BALL (1899-1917). Lest We Forget.
The very beautiful Canadian National Vimy Memorial, near Vimy, Pas-de-Calais, France which is dedicated to the memory of members of the Canadian Expeditionary Force (CEF) who were killed in action on the Western Front during WWI and have no known grave. Unfortunately, Wesley HAGER (1888-1916) was one of those soldiers. Lest We Forget.
Close-up image of the wall panel at the Canadian National Vimy Memorial near Vimy, Pas-de-Calais, France recording the sacrifice of No. 231214, Pte. Charles BALL, 10th. Battalion (Alberta Regiment), Canadian Infantry, Canadian Expeditionary Force. He was killed in action in the vicinity of Vimy Ridge on 15 Aug 1917. Lest We Forget.
The Canadian National Vimy Memorial near Vimy, Pas-de-Calais, France. Without doubt the most beautiful monument on the Western Front.
Dedicated to the memory of the Canadian Expeditionary Force members killed during WWI. It also serves as the place of commemoration of Canadian WWI soldiers who are presumed dead and have no known grave. Unfortunately, Charles BALL (1899-1917) was one of those

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.18372
Retrieved Text: A Henderson police officer was shot and a suspect killed in the shootout Thursday night.
HENDERSON, NC (WTVD) -- A Henderson police officer was injured and another person was killed during an exchange of gunfire Thursday night.
It happened at 9:15 p.m. in the 500 block of Skenes Avenue.
Henderson police spokesman Lt. Chris Ball said the officer, whose name hasn't been released, was serving a narcotics search warrant on Skenes Avenue.
Law officers investigate after a Henderson police officer was shot Thursday while trying to serve a warrant.
Ball said Wesley Taylor, 58, exchanged gunfire with the officer and both sustained injuries.
Radio calls between officers reveal the moment the officer was shot.
One officer yelled, "We got shots fired. Officer hit. Officer hit. Officer hit. Can you help me?"
"Officer was shot maybe twice, once in the chest, in the back," another said.
Both of the injured parties were taken to Maria Parham Medical Center for treatment.
The officer was treated and later released.
"He is recovering, he has a single gunshot wound. He was wearing a bulletproof vest and that contributed greatly to him not having life-threatening injuries," said Michael Waters, Vance County district attorney.
Taylor died from his injuries.
Taylor's mother told ABC11 the family does not blame police, and she added that they believe he "caused his own death."
She said her son went down the wrong path.
The Highway Patrol is assisting with the investigation. The State Bureau of Investigations has been called in, as is standard in officer-involved shootings.
A Henderson police officer was injured and another person was killed during an exchange of gunfire

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.098387
Retrieved Text: Tired of being a golf widow, a woman took up the game and wound up playing with her husband on a country course one day. He hit his drive way off into the rough, behind a barn. She came over to take a look, surveyed the situation, and suggested that if he opened both barn doors he could hit his ball straight through the barn to the green.
He saw this as an excellent idea, complimented her for her suggestion, then opened the doors and stepped up to the ball. He made a swing and great contact. Unfortunately, the ball was off line, careened off the door frame, hit the wife in the head and killed her.
Years went by, the man finally remarried, and this time found himself a golfer for a wife. Incredibly, the same situation occurs. The man is in the rough behind the same barn. His new wife took a look at his ball and suggested that he could make the green if he opened both barn doors and hit through the barn.
"No way," he replied. "I can't do that."
He responded, "The last time I did that something terrible happened."
The man answered, "I got a double bogey."

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.076347
Retrieved Text: Matt Anderson was dead, shot down in a bank hold up that shocked the small community of Bozeman, Mon..
Ginny was dead; killed by a young Federal soldier's musket ball that sent a call for revenge to ..
Colonel Benjamin Franklin Terry was killed and his successor, Colonel Thomas Lubbock, died immediate..
​Colonel Benjamin Franklin Terry was killed and his successor, Colonel Thomas Lubbock, died immediat..
When Matt Jorgensen learns that the man who helped him hone his deadly skills with a pistol is gunne..
When Matt Jorgensen met plantation owner, Ginny McBride, he knew that she would be the love of his l..
While attempting to join up with her lover Matt Jorgensen as he joins Confederate Calvary, Ginny McB..
Coming out of amnesia suffered during the Civil War, she recognized who her lover, Matt Jorgensen, w..

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.708757
Retrieved Text: If he hasn't smashed his ball you drag him back to his starting area and he'll always talk.
Average speed depicts me murdering lots of Cobols and whipping heaps of others and I still have time for K'nife.
Ok. It should be fixed now. K'nife cannot be attacked until the player arrives. He will neither react at any enemy. Lastly, his movement is adjusted according to what he is doing (Charging, sneaking, following).
Good to hear. Another reason why I'm looking forward to the new version.
Maybe it would be better if he was just sitting or standing in place... Speaking of which, can sitting be added to the actions as a way to heal damage slowly?
Most of them already have one.
It's one of the idle things, I believe.
Also, it's not like it'd be terribly difficult to do.
My K'nife does not kill himself and haven't got the ball... And there are not cobols in that room... Is it a bug?
No cobols? That's a good thing, unless they followed you into that room. Then, if you talk to K'nife three times, he'll get killed by the cobols. He SHOULD have a ball, though.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.681305
Retrieved Text: Lord Gabriel Thurston returns home from war to find his fiancée is not the sweet young girl he left behind. She's grown into a mysterious woman who guards her dark secrets well. When he sees her sneaking away from a ball, he's convinced it's for a lover's rendezvous. Following her to London's slums, Gabriel watches in horror as his fiancée ruthlessly slay a man.
Lady Belinda Carlisle's only concern was her dress for the next ball&#8212;until demons nearly killed her and changed everything. A lady by day, and a demon hunter by night, she knows where her duty lies. Ending her betrothal is the best way to protect Gabriel from death by a demon's hand.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.636673
Retrieved Text: Get back into basketball with the SBL Ball Again session.
Ball Again basketball sessions will be tailored to participants and are suitable for people for players that have played some basketball before. The sessions provide a relaxed re-introduction to the sport with some shooting, passing, dribbling drills and some pick up games including 3v3, 4v4 and 5v5 scrimmages.
Basketballs will be available at each session so all participants need to bring are trainers and clothes suitable for playing basketball in. Full changing facilities and free car parking are available at All Saints.
Should participants wish to progress from Ball Again to playing for a local team we can help find a team at a suitable level in the Sheffield Basketball League.
We found a team for Paul (pictured left) who has been a Ball Again participant throughout 2013. Paul played in local competitons in Hertfordshire, Staffordshire and the London Metropolitan League before he retired from playing in the early 2000s.
Now living in Sheffield he decided to get back into basketball and came along to Ball Again before looking for a spot on a local team. After playing his first game for Hillsborough he said "I really enjoyed playing a full game again though having to play a full game (with only 5 players!) nearly killed me!"
Please contact Pete Griffiths with any questions about the Ball Again programme via secretary@sheffieldbasketball.co.uk.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.530386
Retrieved Text: A demanding hole with a pond to the left of the tee and mature conifers ahead and to the left.
Bunkers on line from the tee at 220 yards and opposite emphasise the need for a good drive.
The large and generally receptive green awaits a high flying ball and is well protected by three bunkers.
Club legend records an occasion when James Bamford (Professional - 1906 - 36) played his approach to this green and the ball struck and killed two Wagtails: He then holed his putt for a Birdie. Bamford's pupils included Czar Nicholas II of Russia.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.512733
Retrieved Text: killed immediately. The driver was killed outright in the accident. Twenty people were killed outright in the explosion.
Shuan and five more were either killed outright or thoroughly disabled; but of these, two fell by my hand, the two that came by the skylight.
No soft words with me, for I know you, lying rabble," said Don Quixote, and without waiting for a reply he spurred Rocinante and with levelled lance charged the first friar with such fury and determination, that, if the friar had not flung himself off the mule, he would have brought him to the ground against his will, and sore wounded, if not killed outright.
No less than five of the Sheriff's men were killed outright, and a dozen others injured; while four of Robin's men were bleeding from severe flesh cuts.
But the first was too good a marksman to miss his aim; for as the savages kept near one another, a little behind in a line, he fired, and hit two of them directly; the foremost was killed outright, being shot in the head; the second, which was the runaway Indian, was shot through the body, and fell, but was not quite dead; and the third had a little scratch in the shoulder, perhaps by the same ball that went through the body of the second; and being dreadfully frightened, though not so much hurt, sat down upon the ground, screaming and yelling in a hideous manner.
He might not have had the time to get me killed outright, but he would have had the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.49023
Retrieved Text: Synopsis: “Dragon Ball Z” follows the adventures of Goku who, along with the Z Warriors, defends the Earth against evil. The action adventures are entertaining and reinforce the concept of good versus evil. “Dragon Ball Z” teaches valuable character virtues such as teamwork, loyalty, and trustworthiness. the story begins mid-way through the Dragon Ball Z series. Raditz, Goku’s brother has traveled to Earth to find out why Goku has not yet destroyed the planet as he was supposed to do. But while as a baby, Goku was dropped (down a huge cliff) and forgot his real mission. Kakarot, Goku’s real name battles his brother Raditzs along with former enemy Piccolo and friend Krillin. Meanwhile, Gohan; Goku’s son reveals his hidden powers against Raditz and nearly kills Raditz. However Goku is killed in the end, but Raditz is eventually defeated by Piccolo. Before he dies, he tells them that two evil Saiyans even more powerful then he is, are on route to Earth. The remaining fighters, Krillin, Yamcha, Tien, and Chiaotzu begin their training to battle the evil Saiyans, while Piccolo takes off with Gohan to train him in using his new found power. Meanwhile, Goku has to make his way back on Snake Way to King Kai’s where he trains himself in the secret.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.484728
Retrieved Text: Hello everyone. In this article I’ll be talking about Android 17. Android 17 returned in Dragon Ball Super working as a national park ranger preserving wildlife from poachers. He is married and has a child and also adopted two more children. He is shown as one of the strongest warriors in team Universe 7.
In episode 127, when Goku, Vegeta and Frieza depleted their energies, Android 17 challenged Jiren. During the battle, 17 sneaks up on Jiren and causes some damage to his back. He helped Goku to find Jiren’s weakness about how he could be damaged when he is off guard with an energy blast.
17 shields Goku and Vegeta and self-destructs to nullify Jiren’s attack. Grand priest says that Android 17 is killed. Goku and Vegeta are saved from the massive attack and fall on a small platform.
It also looked like Android 17 knew what Jiren’s wish was. But before he could reveal it to the world, he self-destructed to save the remaining members of his team.
Vegeta realises that 17 had no desire to win the tournament and stands up to take on Jiren.
Is Android 17 really dead?
We don’t know for sure if 17 is dead. Even though the Grand Priest confirmed that 17 is dead, its a bit difficult to accept the fact that such a strong warrior like 17 could be killed.
When Goku went to recruit him as a member to represent team Universe 7, they had a little brawl to test themselves. Goku had to transform into his Blue form to match with

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.484447
Retrieved Text: Suzuki Z400 Forum : Z400 Forums > :::Performance and others::: > Maintenance/Repairs/Tuning > LTZ 400 current problems?
This happens when the engine is hot after riding in slow speed for 20-25 mins.
If the engine is hot and it is riding in high speeds it don't do this.
When the engine is back cool it would start right back up and act normally like nothing ever happened. My spark plug is fine but i am getting a very very weak spark.
I do not think it is overheating because my fan comes on and the temperature light does not come on . I use pre-diluted coolant with an extra liquid the dealer give me to raise the boiling point of the coolant.
I want to try another cdi but there is only 3 z's on my Island and their harness is different.
Last edited by The Tru; 04-10-2018 at 07:37 PM.
what happens when you loosen the gas cap ?
In your pm, you mentioned it does the same thing with a stock carb and an FCR. I see you have a raptor petcok as well and have tried opening the gas cap. Other than a fuel line being linked or dirt in the gas tank, that pretty much rules out fuel delivery.
I would be sure no wires in the CDI harness are touching the exhaust or engine block. They can warm up and change their resistance enough to affect the CDI.
You can also check the resistance on the coil as per the manual. Check it when cold and immediately after it starts acting

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.459038
Retrieved Text: Engine kill button for Hammerhead 150cc 250cc Buggy Go Kart Cart.
Engine kill button that snaps into dash to shut off engine immediately.
Used on most all 150cc karts and 250cc karts. Does NOT work for R-150 or GL 150.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.370058
Retrieved Text: "Knowing that he could not have done it without The Homestar Runner's help, Pom-Pom shared the trophy."
Homestar Runner and Pom Pom have always been described as being best friends. While they are good friends most of the time, there have been several instances in which Homestar's obliviousness has been seen to wear on Pom Pom's patience.
Original Book — Pom Pom shares the trophy with Homestar.
Marshmallow's Last Stand — Pom Pom helps Homestar win the War for the Star against Strong Bad and Strong Mad.
A Jumping Jack Contest — Homestar plans to share the trophy with Pom Pom, and states that they are best friends.
Theme Song Video — Homestar and Pom Pom drink Cold Ones together at The Bar.
In Search of the Yello Dello New Version — Homestar states that Pom Pom, along with Strong Sad, will help Homestar because they're his friends.
A Mother's Day Message — Homestar and Pom Pom make fun of Strong Bad's sailor costume along with The Cheat and Strong Mad.
Pom Pom's Character Video — Homestar claims that Pom Pom has gotten him out of some tight jams and some "tight pants".
3 Times Halloween Funjob — Homestar and Pom Pom go trick-or-treating together.
Homestar Presents: Presents — Homestar plans to give Pom Pom electrical tape for Decemberween.
Summer Short Shorts — Homestar repeatedly attempts to describe his friendship with Pom Pom using different metaphors.
Email from work — Homestar claims that he gets "admin privileges" at the office since he is best friends with Pom Pom, the "Big Cheese".
Baddest of the Bands — Homestar and Pom

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.367132
Retrieved Text: Video: The Utah Jazz Fan Who Heckled Russell Westbrook Explains His Side Of The Events!
Russell Westbrook Shoves Fan For Getting In His Face!
Russell Westbrook Completely Forgets To Dribble The Basketball!
Wild With The Edits: Offset Forgets Who He Is On The Breakfast Club!
Suge Knight Reveals The 2 People Who Allegedly Killed Tupac & Claims He Was The Real Target Of The Shooting!
Longhorn Bull Accidentally Deflates His Ball, Has The Deepest Sadness!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.33782
Retrieved Text: This Border Collie reminds me of Jack Russel Terrier that I knew called “Locca”. That’s a Female Crazy in Spanish. Locca needed to run for a good hour before starting to slow down https://www.sritch.com/dogs/not-even-tired-vancouver-bc.html and this was not a figure of speech.
And BTW, it was a kill. As soon as he picked up his ball, he killed it by shacking.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.336576
Retrieved Text: Shueisha's Shonen Jump + web manga site published a new spinoff manga titled Dragon Ball Gaiden: Tensei Shitara Yamcha Datta Ken (Dragon Ball Side Story: The Case of Being Reincarnated as Yamcha) on Monday. It is written and illustrated by Dragon Garow Lee based on original work by Akira Toriyama.
This story follows a high school boy, who gets into an accident by falling down a stair, and reincarnates in the Dragon Ball world as Yamcha. Using his knowledge of the later events in the comic, he sets out to make Yamcha the hero of the story.
The title of the manga is a parody of Fuse's Tensei Shitara Slime Datta Ken (The Case of Being Reincarnated as a Slime) manga, where a man is killed and wakes up in a fantasy world as a slime monster.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.228407
Retrieved Text: Dragons are Magical creatures that if you find all 7 of their dragonballs, they will grant you a certain number of wishes, depending on which dragons dragonballs you use. There are three good dragons, Shenron, and Purunga.
Shenron - This Dragon can only grant one wish at a time, he is used the most in Dragonball and Dragonball Z. After a wish has been made, the Dragonballs are scattered across the earth. Once someone collects them and a year has passed, you can make another wish with the dragon. The dragon was created by Kami, but, when Dende became guardian he remade Shenron to be able to have more wishes, and for those wishes to be more powerful than before. You cannot wish for someone to be killed.
Purunga - This is the Dragon of Namek. When you make a wish with Porunga, the wishes must be spoke in the Namekian language. Porunga can grant 3 wishes. As with Shenron, there are 7 Dragon Balls and once the wishes are made the Dragon Balls are scattered across the earth, but, instead of waiting a year you only have to wait a half year. You cannot wish for someone to be killed.
Black Star Dragon - This is the most powerful dragon in the entire Dragonball series. He was made when Kami and Piccolo fused into one person. This dragon can do anything you want it to, the only problem is after you wish for something the Black Star Dragonballs get scattered across the universe. Worst yet, if you don't

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.186417
Retrieved Text: For all anda makan malam, sister Ball fans: What do anda think if six makan malam, sister saying gods done the god ritual for a saat time?
Who do anda think would win in a true fight with all their power Goku atau Hit? Please help me!!!
why do anda think Goku became ultra instinct and vegeta didnt?
Who do anda think is the most overrated Dragon Ball Z character?
Who would anda like to see fight Cell in a death battle?
I challenge anda all to make a DBZ OC, that's not insanely overpowered, AND justify their existence.
What do anda think of the movie DBZ:Broly?
Do anda think the new Dragon ball Z Battle of the Gods Movie is any good?. And when will it come out in English?. cause i still need to watch it. And if anda seen it already what did anda think of it?.
Who have anda (or Will) Cosplayed as?
Which attack is lebih Powerful ? "Big Bang Attack" atau "Spirit Bomb" ???
If Goku followed your every order what would anda make him do?
Which Dragon is stronger? Shenron,Red Shenron atau Porunga.
What do anda think about Dragon Ball Z Budokai Tenkaichi 3 and Budokai 3 ?
Dragon Ball Z kuiz 2. Winner gets 7 props... Write the song "Dragon Soul".
who would win Goku super saiyan 4 atau super gotenks?
Which DragonBall Z game do anda think is the best ever ?!!!!!
My soalan is simple, When Mr.Popo asked Shenron to bring back to life all those who were killed sejak Frieza and his man, Why Nappa (Vegeta worked for Frieza when he

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.135252
Retrieved Text: Richard Biegenwald was known as the "thrill killer," because he told psychologists that he killed for the thrill of it.
[The merger] was heaven to me, because I got the strength of Seton's basketball program to meld with the strength of Archbishop Keough, so it was like the strongest players on each team.
He smeared feces throughout his cell and then curled into a catatonic ball on the floor, his limbs contorted and seemingly frozen at odd angles.
In an ambulance, on the way to a hospital, he babbled nonsense.
Play Online Casino With A 200% Welcome Bonus!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.103361
Retrieved Text: Ball State University says it’s hit a new record number of undergraduate applications for students wanting to attend the Muncie school. IPR’s Stephanie Wiechmann reports.
Ball State University is turning a former Muncie elementary school into a community early childhood center for children from birth to age five. Called the Mitchell Early Childhood and Family Center, Ball State says the building will be renovated beginning next month and will open in August.
The Ball State Office of Institutional Diversity held a vigil for the shooting victims, yesterday afternoon at Ball State’s Beneficence statue. Around 100 people from the Ball State and Muncie communities gathered to remember the 100 killed and injured worshippers. A handful of speakers gave remarks at the vigil, including Ball State president Geoff Mearns.
Ball State University President Geoff Mearns updated IPR listeners on Morning Edition, this (Tuesday) morning on progress with the university’s management of the Muncie Community Schools (MCS).
More than a quarter of high school students who hope to join Ball State University in the fall of 2019 are submitting applications without standardized test scores. As IPR’s Stephanie Wiechmann reports, this is the first year SAT or ACT scores are optional for admission to the Muncie school.
An email sent yesterday to the Ball State community from President Geoffrey Mearns and Provost Susana Rivera-Mills invites everyone to a vigil, today, at 4:30 p.m. at the Beneficence statue. The vigil is one of remembrance, in honor of the 11 Jewish worshippers killed in the shooting at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh, and the two

================



======= Instance Index 564 =========
Input Text: The word "sense" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A keen musical sense.
Sentence 2: A good sense of timing.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.136934
Retrieved Text: In life as in Aikido, one must have timing. A good Aikidoist will have average timing, but a great Aikidoist will have phenomenal timing. But, what is timing?
Timing is something that is difficult to explain. Google defines it as, "The choice, judgment, or control of when something should be done." That definition is something that one can understand but still not know. Timing can be thought of as just the right point when something extraordinary can happen. A good metaphor might be the moment when darkness turns into light or when light changes into darkness. When the day changes over, there is this place and within that place exists a subtle moment when it is neither dark nor light. If one is aware then one can catch a glimpse of its immense beauty. To the uninformed, the day just became night or the night just became day.
Every person has some sense of timing - it is innate. How do I know that? Does your heart beat? Then you have timing.
It doesn't matter if one is studying acting, Aikido or driving - timing is important. To develop that sense of timing requires training. Lots and lots of training. In training, one develops their body first and then their mind second and with these developments comes a sense of awareness. This awareness enables one to almost see the timing, but it is a feeling thing more than a seeing thing. Seeing it is too late. Just as in when the day turns over, you feel it before you

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.578337
Retrieved Text: - Is always late for everything. There are no exceptions to this rule.
- Loves bodyboarding and yoga. Was a very talented goalkeeper when he played soccer.
- The others gladly admit he is the most talented musical member of Kallidad, with an amazing ear and keen sense not only of rhythm, but also pitch and harmony. Can play bass and guitar really well.
- Drives the band around to gigs cause the other's don't have car licences!
- Loves classic rock such as Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath and Jethro Tull. Also a big fan of reggae and all kinds of different styles of music.
- Makes big bang bang.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.565676
Retrieved Text: Observation is key to good animation timing. Observe the people and things around you, and notice how they move. Practice your sense of observation and visualization to improve your sense of timing.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.42679
Retrieved Text: Please join us for an acoustic afternoon of unique Brazilian music in an incredibly warm venue.
Nu-jazz Brazilian artist FABIANA PASSONI has a distinct sultry, voice and a fresh interpretive style. Her interpretations are passionate, heartfelt, and exciting.
With her inventive and poetic musical spirit, STEPHANIE OZER presents her fresh interpretations of contemporary Brazilian compositions in various groupings, from solo piano to full jazz ensemble.
RICARDO PEIXOTO’s fluid melodic sense and original harmonic approach place him at the forefront of Brazilian guitar in the world today. An inspired improviser with a keen compositional sense, Ricardo’s unique and eloquent style evokes images far beyond his Brazilian territory.
Legendary saxophonist and flutist MARY FETTIG is a jazz and Latin music icon. Her pure tone and original sound in the mainstream and specialized Brazilian idioms is certainly to be savored.
All musicians have released many, many CD’s and appeared as guest artists in bands and recordings around the world.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.286644
Retrieved Text: At first glance one would surmise The Jared Project is a new line of mens' fashion rolling out to the general public. Jared Bardugone and Jared Mancuso (JM & JB respectively), sole members of the musical group The Jared Project, have fresh, all-American looks ready to be packaged and branded. Watching the group perform, it is impossible not to notice their keen sense of style and congenital confidence. Looks, of course, can be deceiving. Hearing The Jared Project reveals an entirely different set of facets. Upon first listen to the sweet singing folkpop duo, the summation is totally different. The two men suddenly sound keen and impassioned. Even, at times, delicate.
JM & JB have been friends for over a decade and have been making music together since the beginning. Calling attention to the fact that they share the same first name creates a sneaky dichotomy that makes the duo's title much more interesting than it initially appears. The two have much in common, but countless differences. They contend that this dynamic has led to them both growing as people, as well as given them the platform to deliver a message of love and acceptance to their fans.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.089802
Retrieved Text: Learn to play, create, and enjoy group music making with durable, colourful NUVO instruments. Although designed with little fingers and lungs in mind, EVERYONE can enjoy producing music with the great NUVO sound.
Contact us today to begin learning flute and single reed instrument skills, that will awaken the musical expression in you and your child.
COME AND JOIN US FOR FUN FLUTE AND WOODWIND GROUPS.
AGES 4- 1O4 ! EVERYONE IS WELCOME!
Learn to play, create, and enjoy group music making with durable, colourful NUVO instruments. Although designed with little fingers and lungs in mind, EVERYONE can enjoy making music and playing an instrument, with the great NUVO sound.
Inspired by the methods of award winning flute pedagogue Kathy Blocki, group lessons with Lisa O'Connor are carefully planned to maximise all round learning potential. Kinesthetic learning is emphasized through the use of games to create an active, fun and engaging environment to maintain a keen sense of alertness and to build a lifetime love of music.
Contact us today to begin learning flute and single reed instrument skills that will awaken the musical expression in yourself and your child.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.964294
Retrieved Text: The sunshine-drenched country of Top Down furthers that feel with steel guitar colors that sound as if they could have been pulled from a vintage Bob Wills swing classic or a Hawaiian lullaby — or both. Keen's own lyrical sense of Texas-crossed tropical serenity ("well, lickity split and whoopee-ti-yay") completes the mood.
But Keen is so much more than a musical escapist. Luckily, the more ceremonious moments from Ready for Confetti don't stand in the way of his surlier urges. I Gotta Go is proof. Played against a simple but rugged shuffle, Earl sings from the viewpoint of a drifter "born one morn on the day of the dead" who lives life in a state of unyielding restlessness. The song's title becomes a sort of agitated mantra repeated even when the protagonist is forced to utter his last words at gunpoint.
There are also slower, more solemn shows of faith at work on Ready for Confetti, including Lay Down My Brother, with its mix of jagged lap steel and mandolin, courtesy of veteran Texas music producer Lloyd Maines, and the reggae-fied reckoning that dominates Waves of the Ocean and its Zen-like slant on Buffett-style beachcombing.
Curiously, the album's last word goes not to a Keen original but to a hushed cover of the spiritual Soul of Man. Keen sings the tune with hushed contentment and a wary ear to the heavens. Perhaps, one surmises, more is about to rain down than confetti.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.912193
Retrieved Text: Raphaella SMITS plays Johann Kaspar MERTZ and Mauro GIULIANI.
"In the first half of the 19th century Vienna was the musical centre of the world, and certainly a centre for the guitar as well. The “Viennese Classic” is the interweaving of the Italian bel canto and the German romantic.
There were many musical evenings where the most outstanding guitarists made their appearance before the elite of Vienna: among them Mauro Giuliani from Naples and Johann-Kaspar Mertz from Pressburg (now Bratislava). The guitar clearly enjoyed an enormous popularity.
"For me Giuliani is a Haydn-Mozartian composer, a model of good style, well-balanced in form and harmony. His Sonata forms a superb example of it, in which he just happens to use the guitar as an instrument, as a medium for his universal music. No wonder he was a celebrity during his stay in Vienna.
Read also Pieter Andriessen's interesting comparison of 'The Romantic Guitar' with 'Harmonie du soir', Raphaella's second Mertz-Giuliani album of 2003.
"Pure perfection and a beautiful atmosphere. This CD is a gem!"
"In some pieces of Mertz, there is so much sensuality that one believes hearing Chopin at the guitar."
"Smits again proves her mastery by combining exceptional fluid phrasing with a keen sense of dynamics."
"Raphaella Smits grants these compositions a well-cared-for interpretation, musical refinement and a beautiful range of timbre and expression. With this recording she proves she acquired the grandmastership of the instrument."
"Raphaella Smits (the sadly unnamed-by-Amazon guitarist on this recording) is a competent player with a lush, expansive tone and panache for grand, romantic interpretation. This approach to Mertz

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.879871
Retrieved Text: This season Keen will present two uplifting stories about the big impact of small actions.
This fall we will produce our next revival of an intimate musical: Adam Gwon’s ORDINARY DAYS beautifully depicts how one person can influence complete strangers. I’ve been a fan of Adam’s work for years and am so excited to work with him on bringing this beloved musical to life in a brand new production with new orchestrations.
In the spring we will present the New York premiere of a truly Keen story about an exceptional boy living a troubled life in Newark, NJ who does a good deed for an often unnoticed person. Chisa is a rare writer whose speaks to our complicated times today with a full heart and a singular voice. I am thrilled to welcome her into the Keen family.
In addition to these two beautiful stories, we’ll present our 13th Annual Keen Teens Festival of New Work and readings as part of our Keen Playwrights Lab.
I hope you’ll join us for a season of stories about the decisive moments that change us!
The Keen Playwrights Lab, now in its 5th Year, features mid-career playwrights KIA CORTHRON, RINNE GROFF, and EDWIN SÀNCHEZ. Under the leadership of our Director of New Work, writers spend January through December working on new plays inspired by Keen's mission. Developmental readings, open to industry and the public, will take place in December 2018.
Save the date! Time to celebrate with Keen Company, during an evening of extraordinary performances, musical entertainment, and backstage stories!
Keen Teens, now in its 13th

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.812443
Retrieved Text: On Cesko we go on a musical journey across Europe to the extraordinary land of Bohemia (popularly known as Cesko, though officially the word actually means Czech), the homeland of two composers we have come to love so much. It doesn’t seem to matter that we hardly know their country: the indescribable energy ofthe music, with its folk melodies and harmonies, revealing the essence of a nation steeped in a deep cultural history, takes us there instantly. These composers are the much celebrated and revered Antonín Dvo?ák, along with the younger and lesser-known Erwin Schulhoff, whose life and career was tragically cut short by the Nazi regime. Both were masters in harnessing the old to the new, fusing a rich musical heritage with the influence of new worlds. Their works take us through the full range of emotions, from the tranquil to the fiery, from the elated to the melancholic. A reflection of human life.
(...) keen inflections, luminous textures, and a constant sense of mobility (...) their biggest strength is an added quota of spontaneity, which keeps you constantly engaged. (...) The playing throughout is full of character (...) as one-off, innovative all Czech programme, the Ragazze Quartet’s Channel Classics CD is mighty impressive.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.73208
Retrieved Text: Greg retired in 2012 from a pipe welding trade and decided at that time to put his skills into a hobby. Blessed with the ability to create and improvise, he started to build lawn metal art. His recycled/welded objects are popular as is his series of 'yoga' poses in miniature and life size!
Artist, Greg Gregorich always had a keen eye for finding scrap materials to skillfully use in projects. What some discarded as trash, Greg seized as found treasure! Greg and his wife, Betty, create fine art sculptures with a sense of zen, peacefulness and serenity. Betty’s visionary talents seek to inspire Greg’s art to provide an experience, spark a feeling or elicit emotions. Together they combine their ideas and talents to create life-size yoga figures, peace, love and happiness sculptures, sun salutations and musical figures.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.542654
Retrieved Text: It's an honor and a privilege to pay homage to Wendy Carlos, and to celebrate her appointment of the 2005 SEAMUS Lifetime Achievement Award.
It was my good fortune to meet Wendy some four decades ago, when she was a student of Vladimir Ussachevsky at the Columbia Princeton Electronic Music Center. Over the years as her areas of expertise broadened and her place of honor at the forefront of synthesis and electronic music production became widely acknowledged, she always set the highest standards, - both musical and technical, - through her keen esthetic sense and meticulous attention to detail.
Wendy always seemed to be the first to grasp the musical potential of new electronic music gear and, at the same time, to accept responsibility for developing the discipline necessary to use the new instruments to produce music of the highest quality. The unprecedented popularity of Switched-on Bach, which Wendy released at a time of great ferment in our popular musical culture, was at once strikingly innovative and of breathtakingly high musical quality. I remember the occasion on which Switched-on Bach was first played in public. It was at a technical session of the Audio Engineering Society in the fall of 1968, just a few weeks before the record went on sale. The entire roomful of audio engineering professionals gave Wendy an emotional and enthusiastic standing ovation. And a short time after that, Switched-on Bach was on its way to becoming one of the best-selling classical albums of all time.
With each succeeding release, Wendy continued to scale new heights

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.29965
Retrieved Text: The Evening Buzz edition of "New Band To Burn One To" today features Weeping Ulcer.
Weeping Ulcer are a sludge/doom/experimental metal band from Dublin, Ireland. They have been writing and rehearsing original material since the trio formed in June 2010. Inspired by all that's wrong in the world and a keen sense of ethereal exploration, they blend a multitude of musical influences into their own particular brand of down-tuned, sludgy filth. They recorded their 3 track Demo, "Dwelling in Filth" during January of 2011 in Loop Studios. It was produced by Gareth Desmond & Weeping Ulcer. An EP is currently being written, for release later this year.
"From the sustained feedback of the first note, Weeping Ulcer immediately gets under your skin. Polluted, maggot-infested doom riffs overcome by a sludgy stench eat their way into your brain. Howling at you through the uprising flames, Weeping Ulcer are raw, slow and brutally grim."

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.295595
Retrieved Text: Teaches piano including jazz, blues, classical and popular styles.
Jesse Morgan has been playing drums for over 40 years experienced in Rock, Funk, Shuffles, R&B and Blues drumming styles.
Scott specializes in drumset (electronic and acoustic) percussion, instruction and composition. He earned his bachelor’s degree in professional music from the prestigious Berklee College of Music in Boston. With over 35 years of experience his history covers a broad musical landscape including Big Band Jazz, bebop, Jazz Fusion, Musicals, Hard Rock, Classic Rock, Orchestral, Funk, R&B, Hip Hop, Reggae, Island Contemporary and World Music. He is currently working with Hawaii’s hottest R&B band: Eight0Eight, Island Music band: Redemption InC, Jazz Quartet: 16th Ave.Quartet, Island Contemporary band: Manoa DNA as well as a healthy dose of various freelance projects. Scott has been teaching professionally for over 20 years. Through the years, he’s developed a keen sense for recognizing an individual’s learning strengths, thus utilizing those strengths to maximize one’s learning experience.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.268528
Retrieved Text: William Daniel McFalls, better known as Blues Boy Willie (born November 28, 1946), is an African-American electric blues singer and harmonica player from Memphis, Texas, United States. McFalls is attempting to revive the popularity which the blues enjoyed in his native Memphis during the 1930s, 1940s, and 1950s. McFalls is known for his unique urban sound and his keen sense of humor as he attempts to make blues, sometimes defined as the "secular folk music of American blacks" pertinent to modern society. Reared in a musical family, his father was in Ma Rainey's touring minstrel show. Among McFalls' recordings are "Leroy" and "Where Is Leroy?".
Below you can post Comment about Free download Blues Boy Willie - Blues, Then & Now (2019), full download Blues Boy Willie - Blues, Then & Now (2019) free from rapidshare, filesonic, fileserve, megaupload, mediafire, hotfile, ftp, direct download. Blues Boy Willie - Blues, Then & Now (2019) Torrent Download or anything related to the article here. Only English is allowed.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.190014
Retrieved Text: Harpist Anastasia Razvalyaeva and guitarist Miklós Környei will take us on a musical journey through time. They met while attending the special programme for gifted students at the Franz Liszt Academy in Budapest. They discovered the surprising possibilities offered by the combination of their two instruments and, following graduation in 2011, decided to combine their talents as the Duo Musiciens Libres.
Relatively few works have been written for the combination of harp and guitar, so they expand their repertoire with transcriptions of a wide variety of pieces. Last year they won second prize at the IV Concurso Ibérico de Música de Cámara con Arpa in Madrid and third prize at the fourth edition of the international Suoni d’Arpa competition in Salsomaggiore, Italy. This year they won a special prize at the seventh Svirél International Music Competition: the opportunity to perform a concert at the Young Virtuosi Cycle.
The two musicians are very active as soloists and as a duo both in Hungary and around Europe, where they garner excellent reviews and are praised for their musicality, freshness and keen sense of musical detail. They invite listeners into their world of sound and musical imagination and share it with them.
Dragan Ribić was born in Bosanski Petrovac in 1989. After studying the accordion under Danijela Gazdić at the Sarajevo Academy of Music, he enrolled at the Hochschule für Musik in Detmold, where he is currently studying with Grzegorz Stopa.
Since 2002 he has won numerous prizes and awards both at home and abroad, among them the second prize at an international

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.185888
Retrieved Text: Georg Philipp Telemann provided a rich legacy of instrumental music from the 18th century. Though considered a definitive contribution to the genre during his lifetime, his concertos, sonatas, and suites were then virtually ignored for nearly two centuries following his death. Yet these works are now among the most popular in the baroque repertory. Music for a Mixed Taste considers Telemann’s music from stylistic, generic, and cultural perspectives. It investigates the composer’s cosmopolitan “mixed taste”—a blending of the French, Italian, English, and Polish national styles—and his imaginative expansion of this concept to embrace mixtures of the old (late baroque) and new (galant) styles. Telemann had an equally remarkable penchant for generic amalgamation, exemplified by his pioneering role in developing hybrid types such as the sonata in concerto style (“Sonate auf Concertenart”) and overture-suite with solo instrument (“Concert en ouverture”). The book examines the extramusical meanings of Telemann’s “characteristic” overture-suites, which bear descriptive texts associating them with literature, medicine, politics, religion, and the natural world, and which acted as vehicles for the composer’s keen sense of musical humor. It then explores Telemann’s unprecedented self-publishing enterprise at Hamburg, and sheds light on the previously unrecognized borrowing by J. S. Bach from a Telemann concerto. Music for a Mixed Taste further reveals how Telemann’s style polonaise generates musical and social meanings through the timeless oppositions of Orient-Occident, urban-rural, and serious-comic.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.138302
Retrieved Text: It might be interesting for anyone starting out animation, as it shows how timing is set first using step interpolation on all keyframes, to avoid laying down too many keyframes when creating a draft.
It gives a good sense of timing, composition and allows to see the various poses the characters will go through. It is a critical phase to go through, since this step allows for client input and easy modifications if necessary.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.95557
Retrieved Text: Born in Kolkata of a business family, Kankana inherited a keen sense of music from her very childhood and had early lessons in Hindustani music from her mother and Late Pt. Ratan Jhankar of Lucknow.
In 1960, Kankana had the privilege to be introduced to Late Ustad AMir Khan of Indore. In a very informal gathering, the Late Maestro discovered an in-born musical talent, and a seven year old Kankana won his heart by skillful attachment to the masterly tune of the Maestro.
Subsequently, Kankana was guided by Pt. Pratap Narain, of Mewati Gharana and has now established herself as one of the leading exponents of classical music. She won the Surmani in 1969, Sangit Shiromani award in 1974 and is the recipient of Kala Saraswati, Andhra Ratna 1987 awards.
Kankana has come a long way. To date, she has participated in prominent Music conferences all over India and abroad much to the admiration of music lovers. At the moment, she is attached with AIR, Mumbai. She has many records and albums to her credit.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.890354
Retrieved Text: Jane Austen enjoyed Music as well as writing. This course examines the role of music in ‘Pride and Prejudice’, ‘Sense and Sensibility’ and ‘Emma’, considering how Austen uses music to characterize her heroines and create plot diversions. Keen readers are welcome and this course assumes no former study of Music. If you love reading Austen’s fiction and are now curious about her musical side, this is the course for you.
Dr. Danielle Grover completed her doctoral thesis on Jane Austen and other eighteenth-century novelists and has lectured in universities in the UK and in Dublin. In 2008, she spent two months as a Visiting Fellow at Chawton House Library- a site where Austen wrote her major novels. She has had articles published on Jane Austen, has lectured on Austen at international conferences in Australia and in the U.K. For two years, she acted as Reviewer for the Jane Austen Society UK Newsletter. She is currently an English Teacher who, unsurprisingly, loves nothing better than to teach Jane Austen.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.869555
Retrieved Text: Do you see the relationship between humor and time? It really is funny!
I was in the Arizona City coffee shop yesterday and picked up the Casa Grande paper called the Dispatch. One of the headlines was “More Time to Kill?” and it was an article about the execution rate in Arizona which is one of the busiest in the nation. I thought “well that would be a good subject for a blog but perhaps too heavy for a Friday.” So lets take a subject that is more fun and save the heavy stuff for next week. By the way, next week Karen and I are driving back to Wisconsin by way of Texas so I may miss a blog or two depending on where we are staying. I will have my laptop though and since most motels now have WiFi, I really should have no excuse except for laziness.
Time and humor seem to be related. Have you ever noticed that a good comedian has an extraordinary sense of timing? For a comedian to be funny, their timing has to be spot on. A comedian has to sense the pulse of the audience as well as gauge the temper of the day. For instance, jokes about 911 would probably not sound funny even today due to the seriousness of the tragedy. However, comedians often joke about minor disasters and other failings when the time seems right. Some comedians get away with telling racist and sexist jokes. They are able to sense the mood and nature of the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.706686
Retrieved Text: Yesterday I referred to Ecclesiastes 9:11 as a verse for how to make sense of others’ successes when they don’t make any sense at all. But this verse about being in the right place at the right time is also a powerful verse in understanding why some things at work, work out and others don’t. I am convinced that a large part of success, or failure in work is based on an understanding of timing. Remember the old Ernest and Julio Gallo wine advertisement, “we shall sell no wine before its’ time”? Their advertising promise was that they were masters of timing, which would lead to a quality product. Many times in my career I have seen great ideas go no where because they were presented at the wrong time. Sometimes these were macro-timing issues that would have to do with market influences, etc. but more often than not it was about the timing of human readiness or the lack of understanding of others. You probably already have a pretty good understanding of how timing works when you think of when is the right time to ask for that day or week off from work. In this caae, you’ve already thought through the bigger timing issues like who else will be on vacation or out during the same time you are requesing, what projects or priorities are on the docket, etc.. And then, you manage the timing of when to ask your boss for the time off. You probably don’t ask her as she’s getting out

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.68059
Retrieved Text: Lucie Skeaping explores the many musical references and anecdotes in Samuel Pepys's famed diary, which he began writing 350 years ago.
Samuel Pepys began writing his famed diary 350 years ago. As a keen amateur musician himself and a man who mixed with many important members of society, including composers, there are a wonderful breadth of musical references and anecdotes in Pepys's writings. Lucie Skeaping explores this myriad of musical mentions.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.678871
Retrieved Text: The Drama Desk and Obie Award-winning Keen Company offered the press a sneak peek of their upcoming production of John & Jen, the musical with music by Andrew Lippa, lyrics by Tom Greenwald, and a book by Greenwald and Lippa. This rare revival will star Kate Baldwin (Tony Award nominee, Finian’s Rainbow) and Conor Ryan (most recently seen in The Fortress of Solitude at The Public Theater and the Broadway production of Cinderella). Jonathan Silverstein, Keen Artistic Director, will direct.
TheaterPizzazz’ Miriam Spritzer was on the scene for a meet and greet with ‘John & Jen’ cast members Kate Baldwin and Conor Ryan. This is an intimate story about connections, commitments and the healing of the human heart. The musical premiered Off-Broadway in 1995.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.613028
Retrieved Text: Every once in a while, Barry’s old sense of humor comes alive. Before FTD, Barry was not one to talk a lot in a group. But he had a very dry sense of humor, which quietly would come out with perfect timing.
My brother recently came to visit Barry. Just as we all do, he walked up and down the halls with Barry. As Barry passed the lady who hands out the medications, Barry asked, “Got any good pot in there?” Then Barry just kept going on down the hall. My brother had a good laugh!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.570177
Retrieved Text: Hear Scott play drums on Man on a String’s – Feeling Inside which went to #1 on soundclick.com’s Country and Country-Rock charts, Peaceful Solutions which went to #1 on soundclick.com’s Rock and Progressive Rock Charts, Factor-Y which went to #11 in Blues and #3 in Blues General, and Come out and Play, which also hit #1 in Country and #1 in Country-Rock !
Scott specializes in drumset (electronic and acoustic ) percussion, instruction and composition. He earned his bachelor’s degree in professional music from the prestigious Berklee College of Music in Boston. With over 35 years of experience his history covers a broad musical landscape including Big Band Jazz, bebop, Jazz Fusion, Musicals, Hard Rock, Classic Rock, Orchestral, Funk, R&B, Hip Hop, Reggae, Island Contemporary and World Music. He is currently working with Hawaii’s hottest R&B band : Eight0Eight, Island Music band: Redemption InC, Jazz quartet : 16th Ave.Quartet, Island Contemporary band : Manoa DNA as well as a healthy dose of various freelance projects. Scott’s has been teaching professionally for over 20 years. Through these years he’s developed a keen sense for recognizing an individual’s learning strengths thus utilizing those strengths to maximize one’s learning experience.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.567335
Retrieved Text: Special Assembly presentation with musical performance and speech on world population day enlightened the students during morning assembly at DRS International School. On July 11th every year is observed as World Population Day.
Our school observed World Population Day on the 11th of July with a special morning assembly. The student-led assembly that included speeches and a special quiz highlighted factors that lead to exponential population growth and emphasised the ways in economical disparities and social problems are linked to unchecked population growth.
The main aim of this global event is to raise awareness about family planning. According to the United Nations World Population Day webpage, this year marks the 50th anniversary of the 1968 International Conference on Human Rights, where family planning was, for the first time, globally affirmed to be a human right which continues to be an important event around the world. This day creates a sense of urgency on the need to address the exploding world population, while also spreading awareness about the importance of reproductive health. Our students were keen to learn about how they could create this awareness and make a difference in a populous country such as ours.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.541456
Retrieved Text: Sign up to receive the latest information on Keen Company productions, events, special offers, and more! We promise we won't overwhelm your mailbox, or share your information.
How often do you want to receive emails? The more the merrier! No more than 1x a week. No more than 2x a month. No more than 1x a month.
Mainstage : What do you want to see?
Events : Where do you want to go?
Behind the Curtain : What do you want to know?
The Keen family wishes a Happy Easter to all who celebrate!!
Your Keen family is wishing a #HappyPesach to all of our friends who are celebrating!
We are over the moon that our production of "Ordinary Days" was nominated for Outstanding Revival of a Musical at the 85th @DramaLeague Awards! Congratulations to everyone who was a part of this production!!
Join us as we celebrate our 19th Keen season at this year's Annual Benefit Gala. There'll be food, drinks and of course, a performance from Tony Nominee @realKateBaldwin. Get your tickets at our site!
Thank you to the Drama League for this incredible nomination! Big shout out to the entire Team Keen for bringing this production to life. We owe it all to Adam Gwon for trusting us with his beautiful musical!
HAPPY CLOSING to the amazing cast and crew of "Surely, Goodness and Mercy". We've had an amazing time spreading the good word of Chisa Hutchinson's beautiful play. Happy trails!
LAST CHANCE! There are a limited number of rush tickets available for our 2pm and 8pm performances today. See #SurleyGoodnessAndMercy before it closes

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.505356
Retrieved Text: Oli rowed in the U16 1st XIII during the 2018 summer term, but decided to devote his time to rugby in the autumn; he plays blindside flanker for the 2nd XV. He has taken part in the Duke of Edinburgh’s Award Scheme since Year 10 and, having completed his Silver Award in Year 11, is excited about working towards his Gold Award while he’s in the Sixth Form. When he joined the School, Oli was keen to play a musical instrument and, now that he’s begun learning bass guitar, he’s putting together a band to perform at the next Blue Coat music concert. He’s also keen to be involved in the next big School musical, having seen all the musical productions since he joined the School.
“I love Blue Coat so much”, Oli says. “I’ve been to four different schools and it’s by far the best because there’s just so much opportunity to get involved”.
Oli is studying for A Levels in Biology, Psychology and Geology, and he’s doing an Extended Project Qualification on the topic of zoology conservation in Britain. His long-term plan is to become a zoologist, working in the area of conservation.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.415562
Retrieved Text: Make Contemporary A Cappella Music into an accessible musical form, across the language and nation, passed to the world.
develop keen thinking, unique artistic appreciation and rich creative talents.
Establish world performing arts cultural communication and commercial industrial chain, and production of world's representative Chinese music/musical works travel throughout the world.

================



======= Instance Index 144 =========
Input Text: The word "stop" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Stop a car.
Sentence 2: Stop the thief.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.147638
Retrieved Text: Pen & Paper Games > Gaming News & Discussion > News > D&D Stop, Thief!
View Full Version : D&D Stop, Thief!
I realize that it’s been called the rogue since 1989, but as far as I’m concerned the class will always be the thief.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.714697
Retrieved Text: The old gentleman was a very respectable-looking personage, with a powdered head and gold spectacles. He was dressed in a bottle-green coat with a black velvet collar; wore white trousers; and carried a smart bamboo cane under his arm. He had taken up a book from the stall, and there he stood, reading away, as hard as if he were in his elbow-chair, in his own study. It is very possible that he fancied himself there, indeed; for it was plain, from his abstraction, that he saw not the book-stall, nor the street, nor the boys, nor, in short, anything but the book itself: which he was reading straight through: turning over the leaf when he got to the bottom of a page, beginning at the top line of the next one, and going regularly on, with the greatest interest and eagerness.
"Stop thief! Stop thief!" The cry is taken up by a hundred voices, and the crowd accumulate at every turning. Away they fly, splashing through the mud, and rattling along the pavements: up go the windows, out run the people, onward bear the mob, a whole audience desert Punch in the very thickest of the plot, and, joining the rushing throng, swell the shout, and lend fresh vigour to the cry, "Stop thief! Stop thief!"
"Stop thief! Stop thief!" There is a passion for hunting something deeply implanted in the human breast. One wretched breathless child, panting with exhaustion; terror in his looks; agony in his eyes; large drops of perspiration streaming down his face; strains

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.36367
Retrieved Text: Usage ⇒ Up green hills and down dirt paths , he walks alongside flag-draped coffins to support grieving families, to comfort, and to mourn.
Lifter ഉച്ചത്തില്, Insert sections of lycopodium all around the bottle brush to create a realistic miniature Christmas tree.
Thief കള്ളന്, മോഷ്ടാവ്, കളളന്‍, ചോരന്‍, കള്ളന്‍, The thief ransacked their house / They had accused her of stealing, saying she was a thief and was stealing their things. / stop thief!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.847424
Retrieved Text: This page lists destinations which are a non stop / direct flight away from Thief River Falls MN (TVF).
This page contains information about: nonstop flights from TVF, nonstop flights from Thief River Falls MN, nonstop flights TVF to, direct flights from Thief River Falls MN, TVF airport, Thief River Falls MN airport, flight speed, flight duration, flight time, distance, ... It is also related to: airline, ticket, flights to, business class, travel, schedule, plane, international travel, faa, airport ranking, arrival, discount flight, from, stats, and air travel in general.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.6835
Retrieved Text: Dallas in Texas, the surveillance of a particular camera filmed a chase between a thief and workers. A man in a red car stopped next to a construction site to steal a screwdriver, but he got caught red-handed by 4 workers who engaged in pursuit. One of them managed to climb on the hood of the car of the thief while he was a backing. Others went after him with their car. A few seconds later (at 1:30), they'll be back in the field of the camera, the worker always on the hood of the car of the thief! They finally managed to stop the thief a bit more far.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.52809
Retrieved Text: Stop the thief at Unkar Plutt's market stall! Join Rey and her companion BB-8 as she trades scavenged parts at Unkar Plutt's market stall. But look out! Teedo on his Luggabeast is trying to kidnap BB-8! Can you help Rey come to the rescue and stop this little thief from getting away? That's for you to decide... The LEGO Star Wars 75148 Encounter on Jakku features a foldout market stall with accessory elements, 3 mini-figures, BB-8 Droid and an armored Luggabeast. 530 pieces.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.504494
Retrieved Text: Thief is a 5 reel, 25 payline video pokie game from Net Entertainment. As the name suggests, the game focuses on the trade of a thief; however in the case of Thief pokie, it presents only futuristic and sophisticated equipment that you would expect from a professional thief. The game includes expanding wild symbols, scatter symbols and two free spins bonus rounds.
Symbols in the Thief pokie game include a female thief wild symbol, a regular scatter symbols, an adrenaline scatter symbol, a head flashlight, a grappling hook gun, a watch, a power pack bomb, a briefcase and high value playing cards. The female thief wild is the wild symbol and substitutes for all other symbols, except the scatter symbols to complete a winning combination. It appears only on reels 2, 3 and 4. When it can be used to complete a winning combination, it expands to fill the entire reel, creating even more opportunities to win. The head flashlight is the jackpot symbol and spinning five of these on an active payline triggers the maximum fixed jackpot payout of 500 coins. There are two scatter symbols in the game – the regular scatter symbol and the adrenaline scatter symbol. These symbols only appear on reels 3, 4 and 5.
Spinning three regular scatter symbols or a combination of regular and adrenaline scatter symbols, anywhere on reels 3, 4 and 5, activates the free spins bonus round. Players are awarded 10 free spins. During the free spins bonus round, the adrenaline scatter symbol and the diamond symbol do

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.30674
Retrieved Text: Who has never dreamed in his childhood , becoming a police officer ? These proud representatives of the order and a reign of Justice Act. There are several types of police, but only some are very impressive , as the traffic police you incarnate in our new game police car.
As in the video chase disseminated everywhere, you become a police officer chasing thieves across a large bustling city. Your goal is simple in this game of chase , catch the thief by reducing his car to pieces .
Police VS Thief , our running game will offer you an experience like no other! Within a time limit , you must destroy the thief before he escapes . You will thus into him as hard as possible and try to block it in turns. But attention to traffic and pedestrians ! Youre a cop and you will not have to hurt civilians or damage to other vehicles.
Like any good detective , you will , in this racing game, anticipate the movements of the thief who will prove relatively clever . With your police car, you can produce accidents and dramatic impact on the way the thief to stop , you can shoot and share with the Replay Video function.
Do not wait ! Download Police VS Thief THE policeman and become youve always dreamed of being !

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.172459
Retrieved Text: What kind of thief leaves a single feather at the scene of the crime? Perhaps one that has a talking, painting-eating, oversized Egret as a pet-a pet that gets more oversized the more paintings he eats! Sounds fun, right?
Except for some of the people now determined to stop this thief, who is anything but!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.087658
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'dark-parables-the-thief-and-the-tinderbox' started by Admin - Oct 19th, 2018 12:57 pm.
How To Fix Too Many Ads in Dark Parables: The Thief and the Tinderbox: Some games recently gets too many ads which annoys us a lot, so there is a fix for offline games only is to turn off internet to stop receiving ads. Always turn off your device internet while playing games if they show too many ads. I think it’s necessary for them to show some ads as they don’t have any other medium of earnings from free players But if they show too many ads use this trick and disable Wi-Fi and mobile data.
Backing Up Dark Parables: The Thief and the Tinderbox Data: To backup your current game progress use Google or Helium,Read more here. This will help you to save your progress.
Block Unimportant Notifications: Notifications arrival may slow down the Dark Parables: The Thief and the Tinderbox and create screen blockage and also consumes CPU and memory, Block unnecessary notifications to boost device performance.
Remove or disable unwanted software from android to free up memory to increase Dark Parables: The Thief and the Tinderbox performance.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.925882
Retrieved Text: I installed Thief 2 for the first time. The in game videos will not play.
If I click on 'Intro' or 'Credits' on the main menu nothing happens. No opening video when I launch the game. No video when I start a mission. However the videos will play perfectly if I view them in Windows Media Player from either the cd or the hard drive folder.
I tried everything on the March 23, 2000 support page article and still no in game videos. Turned off everything except systray and explorer. Reinstalled codecs.
Reinstall the game. No need to uninstall. Just reinstall over the old folder.
Rename the SAVES file if you have any saves.
1 reinstall a full install WITH THE INDEO CODECs and all the rest that it asks for except DirectX if you have a version later than DirectX 6 that comes on the disc.
AFTER THE INSTALL COPY THE CONTENTS OF THE SAVE FILE YOU RENAMED TO THE ONE THAT THIEF WILL INSTALL, OR DELETE THE ONE THAT IS INSTALLED AND RENAME THE COPY BACK TO SAVES.
Start-Run-DXDIAG Enter check the video setup in DXDIAG.
where the path to your Thief install is correct. This manually registers a second codec.
If you get an error message please post it back here.
I'm not sure why DJC's suggestion to register LGVID.AX (Input/Output LG Video Renderer) would work. I just did an Indeo codec install (using Ligos latest install package) and there is no LGVID.AX listed in my registry (i.e., it was not registered by the Indeo codec install). I have both Thief Gold and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.802557
Retrieved Text: The thief is sneaking past the bakery and is about to steal some money from the bank.
Jump into the police car and stop him before he gets away on his fast motorcycle. Then throw him in the police station jail before stopping off at the bakery for a well-earned cake!
Are you ready to chase the thief??
Jump in the police car and speed to the scene. This duplo is fun pretend play set to explore your little one.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.717411
Retrieved Text: You would assume that we would start with the cops chasing a car thief. But saddle up for the first of many odd rendezvous with the law on this list. In this clip, Texas cops chases a drunk man riding a stolen horse. The officers try several passive methods to stop the cowboy without bringing harm to the animal. They end up firing a few shots of pepper spray at the thief. Luckily for the police, horses are not affected by the chemicals in the spray.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.696695
Retrieved Text: A thief stole a truck laden with 10 tonnes of cheese on Sunday morning. He was arrested in Jönköping after police deployed spike strips to stop the vehicle. He is also suspected of attempting to kill a police officer.
Police received a call at around 3am from a member of the public that had seen a suspicious looking truck.
Police investigated the call and took up the chase with the cheese thief. They managed to stop the vehicle in Huskvarna.
"We stopped the truck by Huskvarna, but he tried to escape. We therefore put out spike strips in Jönköping. When he tried to escape he almost ran over a police officer, who luckily just managed to get out of the way," said Veronica Fransson at Jönköping police.
"There is now 10 tonnes of cheese lying in a cooler in Jönköping waiting for its rightful owner," added Veronica Fransson.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.639656
Retrieved Text: A package thief was caught on camera and now she needs to be caught in real life.
SAN DIEGO (CBS 8) - A package thief was caught on camera and now she needs to be caught in real life.
A CBS News 8 viewer from Escondido sent video of the brazen crime hoping the public could help.
The man watched the crime happen on his phone but could not do anything to stop it because he is out of town on military duty.
CBS News 8's Heather Hope reports from Escondido.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.56776
Retrieved Text: A comedy 3 reel crime caper, Jewel Thief gives you the opportunity to join a masked cat burglar in a quest for riches! Spin the reels of this classic online slot, and find out if you have what it takes to crack the code and walk away with the spoils.
Pulling of a heist isn’t always easy, but help is at hand on the reels in the form of a Wild symbol that significantly improves the chances of payouts coming your way.
Themed and traditional symbols can be found on the reels of Jewel Thief online slots, and the themed symbols offer the best payouts of them all.
These higher-value symbols include the game logo, a huge diamond and a safe dial. The traditional, lower-value symbols include a green three-bar symbol, a blue two-bar symbol and a red one-bar symbol.
Most winning combinations are made up of three of the same symbols. The bars, however, can pay in combinations with each other, too.
The Jewel Thief logo is the games Wild, which means it can substitute for any of the other reel symbols to help land successful combinations.
If you manage to line up three of these on the reels, they will pay the top prize, which at the maximum bet, is a whopping 6000 coins!
You won’t need to dodge security sensors or crack safe codes when you play Jewel Thief. For all the action, fun, and chances to win that it offers, it’s a pleasantly easy game to play.
Using the controls on the interface, you can select a value for the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.42491
Retrieved Text: In Rogue Soul you are playing as a deadly thief who wants to be the most wanted in his town. He starts small, by stealing apples and poking citizens but when he saw that there is a guy worth really much he decided to start stealing and killing everything on his way in order to surpass him. Jump, dodge and attack guards in front of you to improve the bounty on your head. The thief won't stop until he surpasses Borin Hood who worths 5000 Soulons. Help him out fulfill his dream and show everyone how much trouble you can be!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.415688
Retrieved Text: Cable locks and U-locks can be easily cut in seconds. I wanted something to add a second layer of protection for my $1,200 bike. I created the solution and along the way found another benefit!
I often would go on bike rides with no plans to stop and not carrying a lock. In spite of that, I kept running into times where I wanted to stop for a minute - bathroom break, run in a convenience mart, or just pick up that one item I needed at the store. I'd run in and hope my bike was still there when I returned. Quick Stop made my bike safer for long stops when used with a U Lock AND convenient for doing quick stops.
I designed Quick Stop™ Bike Lock as a simple solution. Lock it and the bike functions as usual. Unlock it and the handlebars are disengaged from the front wheel. Simply put, the bike cannot be ridden.
If your bike is touched, Quick Stop sends a tamper signal to your cellphone. One movement of your bike and your phone is alerted. Since your bike cannot be ridden away, you'll be outside before anyone has moved ten feet.
With Quick Stop lightweight bike lock integrated into your steering tube, it is always there and ready to be used. I love it. You will too.
Clip off your typical bike lock and your bike is gone in 5 seconds. Break Quick Stop and your bike becomes no more usable! The phone alert means you're there with a friendly "like my bike?"

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.326271
Retrieved Text: Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad of Malaysia said there was so much rot in the previous Najib government that everyone under him “became a thief”, The New Straits Times Malaysia reported on Sunday.
“When Najib became a thief, everyone under him became thief. Government officers made RM200,000 a month. Where did the money come from? It was all stolen money. (And) some government officers were given RM300 million for projects – but pocketed RM100 million.
“Those who (committed these crimes) will have their comeuppance. Malaysia has its laws,” said Mahathir on Sunday.
“Najib stole money and gave to people (so often) that it was almost like (regular) income for them. They could go for free haj and they didn’t even have to (work for it). People ask us if we will still give them money. Yes, we could – if you allow us to steal,” said Mahathir.
Mahathir also blamed Najib administration for “spoiling” the people, and that the rakyat should stop depending on the government and believing that they are entitled to money without doing any work.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.248936
Retrieved Text: Why do you particularly want security fixings? You can buy a set of bits for them at Screwfix so they are no more secure than ordinary fixings. I’d use some ordinary A4 socket heads & nyloc nuts.
Only thinking behind it was that it may stop an opportunist thief. Boat is insured for the more determined thief. Drilling the heads out on a couple of the fixings sounds like a decent way to go.
to be honest as i've said before a cordless grinder and good drill bits will sort any fixings out.
I've used these guys for years for 316/A4 stainless fittings. Small or large amounts, very quick delivery.
For the same grade of steel?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.245592
Retrieved Text: Sasspants, reluctant Guinea Pig P.I., solves the case of the missing sandwiches with the help of her sidekick, Hamisher the Hamster, and a menagerie of suspects.
There's a sandwich thief in Mr. Venezi's pet shop, and everyone is a suspect, from the chinchillas to the goldfish. Never fear The world's fluffiest detective on the case: Sasspants, PI(G). By day, Sasspants is your average book-loving, gizmo-inventing guinea pig. By night she solves pet shop mysteries with the help of her sidekick, Hamisher the hamster. Our furry little heroes will stop at nothing to find the sandwich thief This is the first book in the Guinea PIG, Pet Shop Private Eye series.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.117523
Retrieved Text: Storyline: The lone surviving thief of a violent armored car robbery is sprung from a high security facility and administered an experimental drug.
Storyline: Teen Miles Morales becomes Spider-Man of his reality, crossing his path with five counterparts from other dimensions to stop a threat for all realities.
Storyline: The story follows Jack, a highly intelligent serial killer, over the course of twelve years, and depicts the murders that really develop his inner madman.
Storyline: Harry, a charming house thief, gets more than he bargains for during an attempted burglary when he stumbles upon Daisy and decides to save her from herself, sending both of them into a darkly comedic journey of self discovery and love.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.117258
Retrieved Text: A good Way to Fix Thieves.
Three lilies stand upon our Lord's holy grave. The first is God's courage, the other God's blood, the third God's will. Thief, stand still. No more as Jesus Christ descended from the +, shall thou from this spot depart. That I command in the name of the four Evangelists and the four elements of heaven, whether in water or by shot, before court or face to face, that thou remainest affixed. Stand still, scapegrace. Stand still, till all the stars of heaven I behold, and the sun darts its rays, whether warm or cold. Thus I forbid thy leaping and running. This I order thee, thief stop thy ways so cunning, in the name + + + Amen. This must be spoken three times.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.096788
Retrieved Text: A theft suspect was stripped and beaten by locals when he was caught leaving a house in Umela village in Vasai (west) recently.
The suspect, Praveen Kushawah, came from Dadra and Nagar Haveli to the village and entered the house of Poojan Khusal on Tuesday, said the police on Thursday. He suffered fractures in both arms when he was beaten by a mob, said the police.
Around 8 pm on Tuesday, Khusal stepped out to buy groceries, locking the door to her house. On returning 30 minutes later, she found her household items, including the television and other electronics, placed outside the house. She sensed the presence of a thief and raised an alarm, and the man inside latched the door and switched off the lights.
As the screaming did not stop, the thief opened the door and began to flee. Khusal’s screams alerted the neighbours, who chased the thief. The villaghers finally caught Khushawah in the nearby fields.
Kushawah was brought to the compound of the house, where he was disrobed and beaten till the police arrived. Admitted to JJ hospital, he was discharged on Thursday.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.095741
Retrieved Text: A suspected car thief got busted on Sunday morning after an SAPD police officer tried to stop a reportedly stolen gray Acura MDX just before 6:40 a.m., as it traveled southbound on South Fairview Street near West McFadden Avenue, according to the O.C. Register.
A suspected car thief in a burgundy car was chased briefly by the SAPD on the south side of the city, near South Bristol Street and West Segerstrom Ave., at around 9:45 pm on Tuesday night, according to the O.C. Register.
When the chase came to an end the suspect tried to run away on foot but was caught and arrested.
An SAPD police officer tried to stop a fellow who was driving recklessly this evening at around 5:15 pm near North Main Street and West Washington Ave, which is just over one mile from the SAPD headquarters. The incident happened in Santa Ana’s Ward 2, which is represented by Santa Ana Councilwoman Michele Martinez.
The driver took off, going south on North Main Street – hitting several cars that were stopped near the 5th Street intersection, according to the O.C. Register.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.089134
Retrieved Text: A thief had controlled the neighbour that lived on the fourth floor. He knew that to this flat didn’t stop to arrive expensive appliances of last technology and design furniture.
- This guy must be millionaire. Every day he receives courier and transports with expensive material. It will be for me the heist of the century – thought the thief.
He knew that Saturday afternoon the man went to a nightclub, so it was the ideal moment for carry out his plan. And it was the best moment too because the building had scaffolding for repairing its front, so it would be easier to walk up to the floor instead to have of climbing the building.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.054586
Retrieved Text: The New Zealand Police have recognised the heroic efforts of St Peter’s College student Eamon McArdle for helping a younger St Peter’s boy recover his iPad from a thief.
Fifteen-year-old Eamon was on the platform of the Mt Albert train station on June 24 last year when he heard the cry of the younger boy for people to stop the burly thief who had taken his iPad.
After asking another student to look after the boy, Eamon chased the thief, making sure he kept a safe distance behind. All the while, he urged the thief to return the device to its owner.
At one point, the thief became threatening. “He said, ‘If you don’t stop following me, I’m going to drop you off ’. It was tough talk,” Eamon said.
police and was driving around searching for the culprit.
“I talked to the mum and the guy just ran off . I ran after him. He realised he’s been caught and he handed me the iPad,” Eamon said.
Eamon’s calmness and bravery impressed Avondale constable John Belt so much he recommended the young man for recognition by NZ Police.
The award was given to Eamon at the school’s assembly.
“[The award] surprised me. All I did was help. It’s something that we should all do. It’s not something that needs to be honoured. But, apparently, it is,” he said. “There were a thousand thoughts going on inside my head but it must have been just a millisecond or something. I heard the kid. The sound in his voice is like panic. I can imagine

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.979136
Retrieved Text: Former thief, agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Barbara Gordon Hardy was an ex-thief who was determined to become a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent. Using her natural athletic skills to fight crime, she created a superheroic identity, the Black Bat. She quickly proved her worth to S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Bruce Wayne. Barbara was invited to join the secret organization.
Over a short period of time, Black Bat and Bruce Wayne became more than teammates, and soon fell in love. Bruce was planning on marrying her, when they were sent on a mission to stop a doomsday weapon. She and Bruce managed to destroy the weapon, but Bruce was lost in the explosion that followed. It is unknown if Bruce escaped, or if Black Bat managed to save the man she loved.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.892099
Retrieved Text: US Xilinx supplies FPGA to Alibaba, tencent, baidu datacenters.
Chinese companies allow such components into their system is jeopardizing China security.
China government must take a look at this and put a stop on this.
You flip so fast when it comes to US theft.
Theft? Where's the proof that the US is stealing IP. Of course you've been so guilty of it yourself, you want everyone else to be guilty.
You are just the thief cries thief.
Chinese companies are owned by government and have been instructed to steal. The US government does not. The Chinese have been caught many times doing so. Since the US doesn't, so of course there has never been an issue. So at the end of the day, you are jealous of the US success.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.885322
Retrieved Text: In 1931, during the depths of the Great Depression, Jake Vohland attempted to steal chickens from Mr. and Mrs. Dale E. Stubblefield. The Stubblefields, however, had devised an ingenious homemade burglar alarm to protect their large chicken farm in Gibbon. They placed a mousetrap near the door of the chicken barn that rang bells in both their living room and bedroom. Vohland unknowingly set off the burglar alarm on a dark night in March 1931. The alleged thief ran out of the chicken house refusing to stop when Mr. Stubblefield cried halt. In his attempt to flee the scene, the alleged thief dropped part of his booty and escaped with only ten chickens at a value of over $5.00. In his haste, the burglar did not stop for his car and made his getaway on foot. Mr. Stubblefield parked near the abandoned car and notified the sheriff. The sheriff quickly determined the car belonged to Vohland and proceeded to his home. Vohland was placed under arrest despite his claims that the car was stolen by someone else for the purpose of the chicken house raid. The jury did not believe Vohland's story. He was found guilty of theft and sentenced to 1 year in the Nebraska State Prison.

================



======= Instance Index 445 =========
Input Text: The word "sign" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Sign an intersection.
Sentence 2: This road has been signed.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.180267
Retrieved Text: Below you will find Chapter 544 of the Texas Transportation Code in its entirety. Many moving violations including Red Lights and Stop Signs are found in Chapter 544.
§ 544.001. ADOPTION OF SIGN MANUAL FOR STATE HIGHWAYS.
The Texas Transportation Commission shall adopt a manual and specifications for a uniform system of traffic-control devices consistent with this chapter that correlates with and to the extent possible conforms to the system approved by the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials.
§ 544.002. PLACING AND MAINTAINING TRAFFIC-CONTROL DEVICE.
(a) To implement this subtitle, the Texas Department of Transportation may place and maintain a traffic-control device on a state highway as provided by the manual and specifications adopted under Section 544.001. The Texas Department of Transportation may provide for the placement and maintenance of the device under Section 221.002.
(b) To implement this subtitle or a local traffic ordinance, a local authority may place and maintain a traffic-control device on a highway under the authority’s jurisdiction. The traffic-control device must conform to the manual and specifications adopted under Section 544.001.
(c) A local authority may not place or maintain a traffic-control device on a highway under the jurisdiction of the Texas Department of Transportation without that department’s permission.
§ 544.003. AUTHORITY TO DESIGNATE THROUGH HIGHWAY AND STOP AND YIELD INTERSECTIONS.
(2) designate an intersection on a state or county highway as a stop intersection or a yield intersection and place a sign at one or more entrances to the intersection.
(2) designate an intersection on a highway under its jurisdiction as a stop intersection or a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.67585
Retrieved Text: I made a left in an intersection and was pulled over by a police officer in an unmarked car who had been sitting down the road. A classic fishing hole situation. I was genuinely surprised when he stopped me and told me I went through a stop sign without even slowing down. I know to shut up and be polite and take the ticket. I immediately went back and looked at the intersection. It is a 4 way stop with 4 lanes of traffic on the road where the stop sign is that I went through. There is on-street parking allowed up to 15 meters from the stop sign. There was a pick-up truck parked in the last spot before the stop sign. I was driving a car. I took several pictures. What happened is I didn't see the stop sign because the truck was there.
"This is concerning the intersection of Burr Oak Ave and Hammersly Blvd in Markham. The problem is that if you approach that intersection going eastbound on Burr Oak the stop sign is often not visible due to the on-street parking.
Specifically, according to Highway Traffic act, R.R.O. 1990, REGULATION 615, SIGNS, SECTION 45.
" A sign prescribed by this Regulation, other than a sign prescribed by section 13, 14, 15, 24, 25, 26 or 27, shall be so placed as to be visible at all times for a distance of at least 60 metres to the traffic approaching the sign. O. Reg. 175/08, s. 15."
The on-street parking is allowed up 15 meters from

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.670538
Retrieved Text: Come to a complete stop and obey the give way rules. Give way. Slow down or stop if required and obey the give way rules. Roundabout: Slow down or stop and give way to all : vehicles on the roundabout. No U-turn : Do not make a U-turn : on a length of road where this sign applies. Wrong way � go back: This sign tells or make a U-turn at the : you that you are driving in the wrong direction... If there are no traffic signals at an intersection and it is unmarked then you must always give way to your right. As you approach the intersection drive at a speed that gives you enough time to stop if traffic suddenly appears.
In road transport, a yield or give way sign indicates that each driver must prepare to stop if necessary to let a driver on another approach proceed. how to get rid of pill bugs in basement If the traffic lights at an intersection are not working, or their lights are flashing yellow, you must follow the same give way rules as you would at an intersection that has a stop or give way sign or line.
If there are no traffic signals at an intersection and it is unmarked then you must always give way to your right. As you approach the intersection drive at a speed that gives you enough time to stop if traffic suddenly appears. how to get the emoji keyboard to go away Many intersections operate as "Parallel Crossings" this

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.63341
Retrieved Text: My van was hit in an intersection | Fault?
My van was hit in the intersection where I had the stop sign and the other party did not. I was hit in the sliding door and rear quarter panel.
I had paused in the intersection because after I entered the intersection, a pedestrian had stepped off the curb.
The other party is claiming that I ran the stop sign. I not only didn't run the stop sign but I was there for a while before the road cleared.
The other vehicle hit me at full force in the back half of my vehicle.
No brakes or skid marks or horn.
His insurer is claiming that I am at fault, I don't see how? If I had ran the stop sign and he saw it, then how come he hit me in the back half of my van without any attempt to avoid me.
The bottom line here is that you had a duty to stop and yield the right of way. You may have an offset of liability (a percentage) simply because the point of impact. You appear to be already in the intersection.
However, the collision is evidence that both vehicles were there at the same time (two objects must be physically at the place and at the same to collide).

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.600325
Retrieved Text: BYSA works very hard in conjunction with Bethel's outstanding Parks & Recreation Department to ensure that our fields are top notch. Our fields are consistently playable giving players the opportunity to participate in a variety of conditions.
All fields except Rourke Field and Parloa Field are in the Bethel School Complex. Rourke Field is directly opposite the Plumtrees Road entrance to the Bethel School Complex. Parloa is about 7 minutes away from the school complex.
From I-84 West: Take Exit 9 and take a left at the end of the ramp. At first light, take a right onto Route 6 West towards Danbury/Bethel. Drive approximately 2.5 miles to next light and take a left onto Old Hawleyville Rd. Drive 1.3 miles on Old Hawleyville – through 1 stop sign and at 2nd stop sign, take right onto Plumtrees Rd. Drive 1.5 miles on Plumtrees go through 1st stop sign to your 1st traffic light. Immediately after the light take a left onto Whittlesley Road for School Complex or a right just after light onto the entry road for Rourke Field, which is marked with a sign for “Businessmen’s Softball Complex”.
From I-84 East: Take Exit 8 and continue straight thru the traffic light and take on your 2nd right onto Payne Road (It’s right after Chase Bank). Continue on Payne Road for 2-3 miles to the first stop sign. Continue straight thru stop sign to the next stop sign. Take a right onto Plumtrees Road to the traffic light. Immediately after traffic light, take left at light onto Whittlesley

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.385149
Retrieved Text: A man in Lianyungang, Jiangsu province, was fined by the police for painting a road sign by himself.
The 28-year-old, surnamed Cai, brought a brush, ruler and some white paint Nov 27 to an intersection he frequently passed. An arrowhead allowing vehicles to go straight was added by Cai to the original sign, which had only allowed left turns and U-turns.
Cai later confessed that he passed the intersection almost every day by bus and knew that the lanes for vehicles going straight through the intersection were usually blocked. To get home faster, he decided to change the road sign to add an extra lane for vehicles going straight.
The local traffic police department said that the road signs were specially designed after doing an investigation. What Cai did might cause traffic jams and lead vehicles going straight to crash into those turning left.
Police removed the added road sign and fined Cai 1,000 yuan ($151) for his illegal actions.
Liu Maomao contributed to this story.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.294336
Retrieved Text: Let’s look at a number of examples of giving way which can help you determine what to do at many kinds of intersections in New Zealand (and around the world). If you’ve been confused about the rules before, these simple examples will help you learn them easily.
A police officer’s directions overrule any give way or stop signs.
In all examples, let’s look at it from the point of view of you driving the blue car.
You are turning out of an uncontrolled intersection and must give way to the red car coming from the right. If this was a controlled intersection then you’d have to either stop at a stop sign or wait at a give way sign until it was safe to go.
You are turning left and there’s a red car coming from your right along the road. You have to wait because you are on the bottom of the T.
This is a tricky one. It’s an uncontrolled intersection and both of you are travelling straight ahead. Who has to give way? The rules are that you give way to the right when there are no other controls like a stop sign, therefore the red car must stop and wait for you.
Remember our stop sign rule. At an uncontrolled intersection or one where you were both waiting at a give way sign, you would have right of way. However, you are waiting at a stop sign and that means that the red car has priority, even though it’s turning across in front of you.
When both cars are

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.038504
Retrieved Text: Strategies for contesting a stop sign ticket in traffic court.
"The driver of any vehicle approaching a stop sign at the entrance to, or within, an intersection, shall stop at a limit line, if marked, otherwise before entering the crosswalk on the near side of the intersection. If there is no limit line or crosswalk, the driver shall stop at the entrance to the intersecting roadway or railroad grade crossing."
You approached a stop sign while driving a vehicle.
The stop sign was located at the entrance to or within an intersection or prior to a railroad grade crossing.
the entrance to the intersection or railroad crossing.
Basically, to get a conviction, the government needs to show you either didn't stop or stopped too late.
Most statutes say you must stop at the nearest of the limit line, crosswalk, or entrance to the intersection. Practically, this means you must stop slightly before you reach one of these points. Some conscientious drivers, however, stop well in advance of where they have to. In these cases, an officer hiding behind a bush 50 feet down a side street might not be able to see whether the driver stopped or not.
To mount this defense, you'll first want to request a copy of the officer's notes. Typically, this involves making a written request to the police department or local prosecutor's office through a process called "discovery." (The notes, if obtained, can be used to verify where the officer was positioned when you allegedly ran the stop sign.) Next, go back to the scene of the ticket

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.92143
Retrieved Text: Follow 224 around and down into Springvale to an intersection (less than 1 mile)- where you'll see Downeast Energy on your Left and Carl Lamb school and a Citgo station on your Right. Continue straight on 224. Go 1/2 mile and see brick and gray apartments on your Left. A few hundred feet further, follow Rt. 224 to the Left. Go to the lights and turn Left on to Main St.. Travel less than 1 mile down Main, and see "Health Lyceum" sign at #596 Main St. Red building on your left.
Travel 7 miles to traffic light, after passing aiport on your left; see Pilot Pizza on your left. Turn Right here- no street sign. Travel less than 2 miles to Stop sign. Turn Right here; this is Rte. 4.. Go 2 miles to traffic intersection. Turn Left here onto Grammar Rd. (At Gulf station.) Go 2+ miles to traffic intersection- junction of Rt. 111/202/224. Proceed straight across onto Shaw's Ridge Rd., also called Rt 224. Follow 224 around and down into Springvale to an intersection (less than 1 mile)- where you'll see Carl Lamb school and a Citgo station on your Right. Continue straight on 224. Go 1/2 mile and see brick and gray apartments on your Left. A few hundred feet further, follow Rt. 224 to the Left. Go to lights and turn Left onto Main St.. Travel less than 1 mile and see Health Lyceum sign at #596 Main St.. Red building on your Left.
Follow 224 around and down into Springvale to an

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.868881
Retrieved Text: Mount Merino Manor is easily accessible from the Taconic State Parkway and the New York Thruway. Two hours from Manhattan, three hours from Boston and five minutes to everything happening in Hudson.
New York State Thruway (Route 87) North to Exit 21 Catskill Exit. After the tollbooth make left at the stop sign and follow signs to Route 23 East. Take Route 23 East over the Rip Van Winkle Bridge. At the intersection of Route 23 and 23B stay to the right on Route 23. (Donâ€™t follow the overhead sign into the city of Hudson). The entrance to Mount Merino Manor is on the left after this intersection on Route 23.
New York State Thruway (Route 87) South to Exit 21 Catskill Exit. After the tollbooth make left at the stop sign and follow signs to Route 23 East. Take Route 23 East over the Rip Van Winkle Bridge. At the intersection of Route 23 and 23B stay to the right on Route 23. (Donâ€™t follow the overhead sign into the city of Hudson). The entrance to Mount Merino Manor is on the left after this intersection on Route 23.
Route 90 East to New York State Thruway South (Route 87) to exit 21. After the tollbooth make left at the stop sign and follow signs to Route 23 East. Take Route 23 East over the Rip Van Winkle Bridge. At the intersection of Route 23 and 23B stay to the right on Route 23. (Donâ€™t follow the overhead sign into the city of Hudson). The entrance to Mount

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.83395
Retrieved Text: From the intersection, this walk follows the track, while initially keeping the 'Welcome to Green Point Fore Shore Reserve' sign on your left. This walk continues, passing a 'Mangrove Seed Symbol' timber signed post (on the left) after about 5m. Then this walk continues through forest for about 190m, undulating gently to climb moderately steeply up timber steps (beside a metal ring fence) to find Rockyhigh Viewpoint, with a bench seat (on the left) and views over the lake (on the right).
Continue straight: From Rockyhigh Viewpoint, this walk follows the track moderately steeply downhill, while keeping the views on the right. This walk continues for 20m, then undulates gently for about 90m, until coming to a three-way intersection with a track and 'Mangrove Seed Symbol' timber posted sign (on the left).
Turn left : From the intersection, this walk follows the track away from the lake, initially keeping the 'Mangrove Seed Symbol' timber posted sign on your left. This walk continues through forest and gently uphill for about 180m, until coming to a T-intersection with a concrete foot path, and 'steep bike riding' sign (on the right).
Turn left: From the intersection, this walk follows the footpath gently downhill, while keeping the 'steep bike riding' sign and track initially on the left. This walk continues through forest for about 140m (with houses on the right), until coming to a three-way intersection with a track and 'Welcome to Green Point Fore Shore Reserve' sign (on the left).
A list of the nearest UHF CB repeaters I found to Rocky-high Circuit

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.801607
Retrieved Text: 3323. Stop signs and yield signs.
§ 3323. Stop signs and yield signs.
(a) Intersections controlled by signs.–Preferential right-of-way at an intersection may be indicated by stop signs or yield signs as authorized in section 6124 (relating to erection of traffic-control devices at intersections).
(b) Duties at stop signs.–Except when directed to proceed by a police officer or appropriately attired persons authorized to direct, control or regulate traffic, every driver of a vehicle approaching a stop sign shall stop at a clearly marked stop line or, if no stop line is present, before entering a crosswalk on the near side of the intersection or, if no crosswalk is present, then at the point nearest the intersecting roadway where the driver has a clear view of approaching traffic on the intersecting roadway before entering. If, after stopping at a crosswalk or clearly marked stop line, a driver does not have a clear view of approaching traffic, the driver shall after yielding the right-of-way to any pedestrian in the crosswalk slowly pull forward from the stopped position to a point where the driver has a clear view of approaching traffic. The driver shall yield the right-of-way to any vehicle in the intersection or approaching on another roadway so closely as to constitute a hazard during the time when the driver is moving across or within the intersection or junction of roadways and enter the intersection when it is safe to do so.
(c) Duties at yield signs.–The driver of a vehicle approaching a yield sign shall in obedience to the sign slow

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.786598
Retrieved Text: Good luck! But I totally agree with you. I daily edge, edge, edge and GUN IT at this intersection (and others). I wish the traffic planners of the city would put their pencil and paper down and actually get behind the wheel to test their intersection assumptions!.. some including this one are quite dangerous.
This complaint is ALMOST A YEAR OLD! Hello, is there anyone home?
4/1/2013 -- Assigned to Traffic Engineer for investigation. Our Traffic Engineer determined as of 6/4/2013, "Please place a "No Parking" sign on the southeast corner of the intersection of Sheppard Street and Floyd Ave as shown in the drawing. The "No Parking" sign should have an arrow and be placed on a u-post 20 feet from the corner. The post should be placed in the corner of the tree well on the side furthest away from the intersection and the arrow should be pointing at the corner."

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.742693
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Traffic Law Forum' started by Paulm8386, 10 September 2018.
I received a camera fine for disobeying a red light camera arrow at a major intersection in Sydney very late at night.
When I arrived at the stop line at intersection, in the right turn only lane, I looked for the traffic signal, only the pole was laying on the ground as it was being replaced by workers. I could not see the other signal on my extreme left as I was the first car at the intersection and when safe to do so, I turned right and got photographed.
When the fine arrived, the photo clearly shows workers and crane truck in background, although it does show the arrow on my extreme left as red which was impossible for me to see.
My question is if I go to court, will they take this into consideration? I returned to the intersection 15 minutes after taking my friend home and photographed the workers and the intersection. Also I have photos taken a few days later of the intersection during the day. I rang SDRO /NSW Revenue. They can not review this fine as it is serious and even though I have not been booked for 16 years and have a good record.
Basically they said I should pay the fine or go to court.
If you are "within time", then court elect it and see how you go.
Sorry but I can't find how to start a thread. I have a similar problem. I was fined for doing 79kph in a 60

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.719662
Retrieved Text: How many accidents have to happen before a fix is put in place?
How many accidents do we have to have at the Intersection of LA 107 and 453 in Avoyelles Parish?
This intersection is very dangerous and could use some rumble strips on LA Hwy 453 before the stop sign on either side, stop sign ahead signs, and a caution light with reduced speed in this area.
Why does this intersection need all this? Too many accidents is the reason.... How many people have to either lose their vehicle or life at this intersection? In my opinion too many already have lost vehicles and even worse death.
I beg of the Louisiana Department of Transportation, the Honorable State Rep. Robert Johnson and Jeff Hall, Senator Eric Lafleur and Neal Riser, and the Louisiana Highway Safety Commission, please do something about this intersection by placing stop sign ahead signs, rumble strips, and a caution light with reduced speed.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.681025
Retrieved Text: Veer right: From the intersection, this walk follows the ‘Lane Cove River Weir via Riverside walk’ sign up the steps with ‘GNW’ painted on them. The walk then gently winds up for about 130m to pass a ‘Lane Cove National Park’ sign. The walk turns left here, heading around the locked gate to the edge of Lane Cove Rd, on the north side of DeBurghs Bridge.
Turn left: From the intersection, this walk follows the concrete footpath downhill alongside Lane Cove Rd, passing under the large ‘Lane Cove National Park’ sign. The walk then follows the footpath across ‘De Burghs Bridge’ to an intersection on the far side, marked with a NPWS arrow marker.
Turn left: From the intersection, this walk heads down the stairs to the signposted intersection.
Turn right: From the intersection the the track follows the signs to Chatswood West and the Riverside Walk. The track is near straight along a fence line for approximately 150m to turn left at the road to a signposted intersection.
Turn left: From the intersection, this walk follows the ‘Riverside Walk’ sign down the stairs. The track winds above the Lane Cove River for approximately 600m, passing some cliffs on the right. The track continues to wind above the river for another 400m, to then turn right, up Porters Creek. The track follows Porters Creek for approximately 100m to the intersection with Riverside Drive at Porters Creek bridge.
Continue straight: From the intersection near the bus stop, this walk follows the footpath beside Delhi Rd, across Fullers Bridge to come to the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.670652
Retrieved Text: If you're driving on a road that ends at a T-intersection, you must give way to all vehicles—except those doing a U-turn—travelling on the road continuing through the intersection.
In this example, Vehicle A (white) must give way to Vehicle B (yellow).
You need to give way if you face a give way sign or a stop sign or if there are stop or give way lines on the road, even if the other driver, who is not facing a stop or give way sign, is turning right across your path.
An intersection is where 2 or more roads meet, and includes where a slip lane meets a road.
A T-intersection is where 2 roads meet (whether or not at right angles) and one of the roads ends.
Giving way when there is a stop sign and a give way sign.
A stop sign is not more powerful than a give way sign when giving way. When 2 drivers arrive at stop or give ways signs at the same time, the stop sign becomes the equivalent of a give way sign. Both vehicles must give way to other vehicles before they must give way to each other.
Driving with new learners can be scary stuff!
Do our first few drives in a quite area. There's too much stress if there is too much happening.
Observation: teach us too look around and be aware of things, we aren't the only cars on the road! MIRRORS ARE OUR FRIENDS!
A blind spot in a vehicle is an area around the vehicle that cannot be directly observed by the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.655102
Retrieved Text: DIRECTIONS TO BARONAGE FARM (All mileage is approximate.) FROM THE NORTH: Make your best way to Route 13 South in Delaware. (I95 South to I495 South in Delaware – Take exit #1 for Rt. 13 South OR NJ Turnpike / I295 to the Delaware Memorial Bridge – follow the signs for Rt. 13 South.) Take Route 13 South towards Dover. (At times this will also be Route 1 South.) Once on the bridge over the C&D Canal, take exit 148. This will put you onto local Route 13 South towards Odessa. Just south of Odessa, look for Willey’s Farm Market on the left. Approx. 1.5 miles after the farm market there will be a sign for “Road 471 Blackbird”. Take this right turn on to Blackbird Forest Road. (There is a blinking light at this intersection.) **Follow the road through the forest. Once through the forest there will be a stop sign at the intersection of Route 15. Continue through the intersection and take the first road on the right – Oak Hill School Road. Continue approx. 1 mile to a 4-way intersection with Black Stallion Road. Our farm is on the left at this intersection. Make the left on to Black Stallion Road and turn immediately into our drive.
FROM THE SOUTH: Make your best way to Route 13 North. (From SR 1 exit at # 114 into Smyrna.) Follow Route 13 north through Smyrna. Pass the Smyrna Rest Stop and the truck Weigh Station. Approx. ½ mile north of the Weigh Station turn left at

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.629105
Retrieved Text: Home August 2009 Flood Collection Third Street and Eastern Parkway intersection, Louisville, Kentucky, August 4, 2009 flood.
Third Street and Eastern Parkway intersection, Louisville, Kentucky, August 4, 2009 flood.
Title Third Street and Eastern Parkway intersection, Louisville, Kentucky, August 4, 2009 flood.
Description Flooded intersection of Third Street and Eastern Parkway. Water level almost reaches the bottom of a bus stop sign. The overpass crossing Eastern Parkway can be seen in the background and an image of the University of Louisville Cardinal Bird mascot painted on the wall of the overpass is partially covered with water. Photograph was taken in the early afternoon.
Add tags for Third Street and Eastern Parkway intersection, Louisville, Kentucky, August 4, 2009 flood.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.576958
Retrieved Text: According to reports by bystanders, the driver of a car failed to stop at a stop sign causing two fatalities in a Fresno County car accident. One person said drivers “think that just because it’s a small street that they can go flying by sometimes.” The collision occurred at the intersection of Henderson Road and West Lincoln Avenue near Raisin City. Two teenagers died because of injuries sustained in the collision.
According to one report, a Pontiac Grand Prix failed to stop at a stop sign colliding with a Chevrolet S-10 pickup truck travelling in the opposition direction. One witness stated he never heard any brakes just the sound of the collision. Law enforcement officers stated the driver of the truck tried to stop. The two teenagers who died in the accident were in the Pontiac Grand Prix. No other individuals were seriously injured in this Fresno County car accident.
According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), 3,074 people died in 2014 in California motor vehicle crashes. Of that total, 802 fatalities occurred in intersection related car accidents. Unfortunately, there is no way to control what another driver may do when approaching an intersection. The only way to protect yourself is to drive defensively when approaching an intersection.
To protect yourself and the passengers in your vehicle, when approaching an intersection follow these tips to avoid an intersection related car accident.
Never Assume – Never assume that another driver will obey traffic signs or yield the right of way. Unfortunately, as in the above tragic Fresno County car

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.54556
Retrieved Text: Click the links for directions to additional facilities: Landfill, Libraries, Police Facilities, Community Services Building Directions.
VIA I-95 from the North: Take the Prince William Parkway Exit # 158B and continue along Prince William Parkway into Manassas. Pass the intersection of the Parkway with Liberia Avenue. Continue straight to the Richmond Avenue/Dumfries Road/Grant Avenue intersection. Turn right on Grant Avenue/Route 234 North. Pass through the railroad underpass and two traffic lights. Turn left on Lee Avenue and proceed 0.2 miles to the Judicial Center at the end of the street.
VIA I-66 from the West: Take Manassas Exit # 47 and continue on Sudley Road/Route 234 South for 4.5 miles to Lee Avenue. Turn right on Lee Avenue and proceed 0.2 miles to the Judicial Center at the end of the street.
VIA I-66 from the East and Via Route 28 from the North: Take the Dulles-Centreville Exit # 53 and continue along route 28 South for eight miles to Grant Avenue/Route 234. Turn right on Grant Avenue. Take the first left on Lee Avenue and proceed 0.2 miles to the Judicial Center at the end of the street.
VIA Route 28 from the South: Proceed into the City of Manassas on Route 28 North. After Center Street becomes one way, continue two blocks to the intersection with Grant Avenue/Route 234. Take a left on Grant Avenue and go two blocks to the intersection with Lee Avenue. Take a left on Lee Avenue and proceed 0.2 miles to the Judicial Center at the end of the street.
VIA Route 234 By-Pass:

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.527622
Retrieved Text: Travel 95 South to Exit 4 (295 South). Travel 295 South to exit 12B (marked Route 44 West to Greenville). Follow Route 44 to the intersection with Route 5 at the Apple Valley Mall and take a right on to Cedar Swamp Road (Route 5). Follow the road to the stop sign at the intersection of Route 5 and Route 116. Take a right at this stop sign. The Smithfield Rink is located 1⁄4 mile down Route 116 on your right. The rink is set back off the road.
Travel 95 North to Exit 22B (route 6 West) to 295 North, take exit 12B (marked Route 44 West to Greenville). Follow Route 44 to the intersection with Route 5 at the Apple Valley Mall and take a right on to Cedar Swamp Road (Route 5). Follow the road to the stop sign at the intersection of Route 5 and Route 116. Take a right at this stop sign. The Smithfield Rink is located 1⁄4 mile down Route 116 on your right. The rink is set back off the road.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.524792
Retrieved Text: Thank you for registering! We will send you confirmation of this purchase to the email you have provided us.
The BEGINNER Workshop is offered for people with no knowledge of SIDRA INTERSECTION. This one-day workshop will focus on the use of the basic aspects of the SIDRA INTERSECTION software including general aspects of the user interface, input data entry and a reasonable level of output familiarity.
The workshop combines hands-on sessions and instructions to teach participants how to use SIDRA INTERSECTION. The latest SIDRA INTERSECTION Version will be used in this workshop. The workshop is set with examples based on the SIDRA Standard Left-Hand software setup with metric units.
Class size varies approximately between 12 and 30 delegates.
Please bring with you a USB key to copy the SIDRA INTERSECTION project files created during the workshop.
The ticket fee displayed on Eventbrite is per person. A discounted fee applies to Early Bird tickets. These are available only for a limited time and limited allocation. All prices are in Australian Dollars and inclusive of GST.
The ticket fee covers costs of providing hands-on computer use, workshop notes, morning and afternoon teas as well as lunch.
The quickest way to secure your seat is to register and pay online via the Eventbrite website.
You can also pay for and register other delegates during the shopping cart process.
Tickets are available right up until the date listed on Eventbrite or until they run out.
Upon completion of the process, the registration details will be sent to the email address you provided.
If you register other delegates, they will be emailed

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.476128
Retrieved Text: Thousands are involved in car accidents each year because someone runs a stop sign. Stop sign violations can become serious when a person is injured or killed.
Millions of people drive, ride or walk through stop sign intersections every day. However, there are nearly 70,000 accidents each year due to a person running a stop sign. A third of those accidents result in injuries.
There are a number of scenarios that a person may find themselves in. For instance, a driver may be hit by a person running a stop sign, or the driver may hit the person that ran the stop sign. In an intersection with a 3 or 4 way stop, there may be more than two cars involved. In cases of stop sign violations that result in an accident, it can be difficult to prove who is at fault.
It is often necessary to set up an investigation at the intersection where the accident took place. An investigator will look at the intersection design, pavement markings and damage to the vehicles.
Impatience – some people tend to be in a hurry and don’t want to take the time to stop completely or at all.
Reckless driving – some drivers go through a stop sign without even realizing it.
Distracted driving – some text while driving or talk on their cell phone while driving.
Drunk driving – when a person is drinking while driving they are generally visually impaired and often run stop signs.
It is important to contact The Hoffmann Law Firm, L.L.C. if you have been in a car accident

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.43835
Retrieved Text: at this intersection of Morgan & Trumbull (heading west), there are four lanes of travel. midway down the block, there is a sign indicating that the leftmost lane is for turning left onto Trumbull (towards the Hilton), the left middle lane heads onto the I84 entrance ramp, the right middle lane goes onto Chapel St North, and the rightmost lane can either go onto Chapel St North or turn right onto Trumbull.
The PROBLEM is that 99% of the time the people in the leftmost lane do not turn left, but head straight onto the entrance ramp (it is directly across from this lane of travel), creating two lanes heading into the same one lane. I have almost died here numerous times. It is extremely dangerous to be in the CORRECT lane because you have to anticipate the car to your left is going to head straight even tho they should be turning.
The SOLUTION is to put another sign AT THE INTERSECTION informing the left-laners that they must turn left, or paint the directional arrows right onto the pavement so people know the left lane is turn only.
I didn't tag potholes ... if I did, I'm sorry! No pothole problem presented.
Request #37681 was created to attend this issue.
th city "closed" the matter but nothing was done to address this! I purposely drove over yesterday and the signage has not changes ... and, per usual, I nearly got hit by the car in the leftmost lane driving straight onto the I84 entrance ramp... this is just a disaster

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.38399
Retrieved Text: $120,000 settlement for college student involved in motor vehicle accident for fractured scaphoid(a small bone in the hand). This case was resolved on the eve of trial.
A college freshman, returning to Widener’s campus from a doctor’s appointment, had the right of way, with no traffic device controlling his path through an intersection, T-boned the driver’s side of a car which had emerged into the intersection from a stop sign. The view of both drivers was blocked by a large truck parked at the intersection. The driver of the car T-boned claimed that he had followed the law by inching his way from the stop sign to a point past the parked truck so he could see oncoming traffic when violently struck by the college student.
The scaphoid is a small bone in the hand, at the base of the thumb. Although the college student complained of wrist pain following the accident, the fracture was not identified on x-rays in the emergency department nor by a hand surgeon in the weeks after the accident. Only after continuing pain and evaluation by a second hand surgeon, who did an MRI, was the fracture identified and repaired. The college student had suffered prior injuries to that wrist as a teenager and a question arose as to whether the MVA caused the fracture.
Baratta, Russell & Baratta (BRB) utilized an accident reconstruction expert to dissect the accident and determine that the defendant should have been able to see the college student travelling toward the intersection by looking behind the parked truck before

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.381264
Retrieved Text: From the car park, the walk follows the sign ‘Perry’s Lookdown Track’ down the hill to a railed lookout.
Continue straight: From the Perry’s Lookdown, the walk follows the railed stairs down the hill for a short time until coming to a intersection signposted ‘Perrys Track’ and ‘Dockers Lookout’.
Continue straight: From the intersection, the walk leads for a short distance down the railed path to the visible lookout area, Docker’s Lookout.
Dockers Lookout, Blue Mountains NP, has views over the Grose Valley and Blue Gum Forest below. Mt Banks can be seen standing proudly to the north above the valley.
Turn around: From Dockers Lookout, the walk heads up the railed path for a short distance until coming to a signposted intersection.
Veer left: From the intersection, the walk follows the ‘Perry’s Lookdown Track’ sign down the hill. The track cuts across the hill to a bridge, where the track turns left and contours around the hill, before descending onto a lookout with memorial plaque and fire box.
Continue straight: From the lookout, the walk keeps the valley below on the left and heads down the steep stairs, through the gap in the cliffs. The stairs and handrail climb down through the cliffs, descending away from the main cliff before coming onto the top of a spur. The track tends right, over and down the spurline, and winds sharply down the spurline as it steeply descends for some time. The track heads down the spur, flattening out a few times before coming onto the relative flats of the Blue Gum Forest.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.353292
Retrieved Text: I wanted to ask, does anyone know where a list of all of the existing ones might be at?
If there isn't a list anywhere already, I've been thinking about making a list of all the ones that I know about.
I'm a nice guy... I swear.
There is a MFT road with no number in Calion going to a Ouachita River access.
Hmmm... that must have been updated some time ago since the last time I checked that list.
^^ Yes that is the sign I am referring to.
I'm currently doing some research and I'm going to add to this list. Stay tuned.
AR 819 - Joe Hogan Fish Hatchery road near Lonoke. It is also known as Game and Fish Access Route 943.
AR 980 - This one is the one everybody knows about, and they are usually fully signed. There are literally dozens of instances of Airport 980 all over the state.
Arkansas' first 5-digit state highway. Nice!
I can't remember where it was, but I took this picture of this sign 15 or 20 years ago. There is no number in the sign. It may be AR 949, Section 1 east of Mount Ida, but I can't remember for sure.
I took that picture sometime around 1999-2000 IIRC. I'm 99% sure this was AR 949, Section 1 which is labeled as Twin Creek Road on Google Maps.
I have searched every resource that I have been able to find and I haven't found a reference for AR 949, Section 1. I assume that it is the road that Google Maps has labeled as

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.325073
Retrieved Text: Keystone Natural Foods is conveniently located about 20 minutes from Greensburg, 15 minutes from Latrobe and Blairsville, about 30 minutes from Ligonier and about 55 minutes from Johnstown and Pittsburgh. Our physical address is 133 Poole Drive, New Alexandria, PA 15670 (see map below).
Directions from Johnstown and Blairsville : take Route 22 W until you get to the intersection with Route 981 (Sheetz is on your left). Take Route 981 S for about 1/3 mile until you see a sign for Keystone State Park. At that sign, turn left onto Keystone Park Road and follow this road for about 2 miles. You will come to a hilltop and will see a sign for Flowers Road on your right. The next road on your right is Poole Drive. Turn right onto Poole Drive and keep straight until you see a grey feed bin. Poole Drive is a dead end, private gravel road but there is plenty of room to park your car and turn around.
Directions from Pittsburgh and Monroeville : take Route 22 E until you get to the intersection with Route 981 (Sheetz is on your right). Take Route 981 S for about 1/3 mile until you see a sign for Keystone State Park. At that sign, turn left onto Keystone Park Road and follow this road for about 2 miles. You will come to a hilltop and will see a sign for Flowers Road on your right. The next road on your right is Poole Drive. Turn right onto Poole Drive and keep straight until

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.309082
Retrieved Text: To get prepared for Stop on Red Week, let’s have a refresher on traffic signals. As our Pennsylvania Driver's Manual states, Traffic signals are installed at intersections to control the movement of vehicles and pedestrians. Traffic signals are arranged in either vertical lines or horizontal lines. When they are arranged vertically, red is always on top and green on the bottom. When they are arranged horizontally, red is always on the left and green on the right.
When there is a STEADY RED LIGHT, you must stop before crossing the marked stop line or crosswalk. If you do not see any lines, stop before entering the intersection. Wait for a green light before you start. You may turn right while the light is red, unless a NO TURN ON RED sign is posted at the intersection. You must first stop, check for and yield to pedestrians and other traffic. You may also turn left after you stop at a red light, if you are in the left lane and are turning left from a one-way street onto another one-way street, unless a sign tells you not to turn. You must first stop and yield to pedestrians and other traffic.
A STEADY YELLOW LIGHT tells you a steady red light will soon appear. If you are driving toward an intersection and a yellow light appears, slow down and prepare to stop. If you are within the intersection or cannot stop safely before entering the intersection, continue through carefully.
A STEADY GREEN LIGHT means you may drive through the intersection, if

================



======= Instance Index 31 =========
Input Text: The word "answer" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Answer the question.
Sentence 2: She didn't want to answer.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.190811
Retrieved Text: "Can I walk in all by myself?"
Not only did she want to walk into her school by herself, she wanted us to stay in the car!
We compromised and walked in behind her.
Talk about having your heart ripped out - She didn't even tell us good bye! She marched in, threw her bag down and acted like she had been there a million times!
She had such a fun time. She was full of smiles and stories when I picked her up.
She has been chattering all afternoon. At one point, she said "Do you want me to say that again?"
I guess it was obvious even to her that I wasn't listening!! She wanted to know if I knew why she comes into our room at night. The answer? "Because of monsters." After I told her that monsters weren't real, she said "I know, and you weren't listening to me, huh?!" Busted!
Almost the same thing happened to me with Kayla. First of all, I didn't want her to go to school, 2nd, its a full day :( But she begged me. Today she informed me that she didn't need the boys helping her to and from class, she could do it by herself. These girls...they grow up so much faster and are so independent. Arghh. Don't they realize their moms want to coddle them still?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.939087
Retrieved Text: I admit, I’d be ticked if I was Kylie too. Though I imagine Gavin and Rudy probably WANT to tell him. But how?
Besides, Rudy’s falling more and more in the doghouse with Rain lately, and doesn’t need to top it off with outing her (again, if you count Chapter 1). And Gavin spent the first four chapters trying to get OUT of the doghouse; surely, he doesn’t need to screw it up again now.
If you were in their position, how would you respond? Is there a right way to approach this that would appease Kylie and NOT devastate Rain?
I just stumbled onto the comic and just read it from the beginning. I am really enjoying it.
My response, as I hope those of my friends would say, "You'd have to ask her." It's a pretty crappy answer, but at least it shifts blame off of us. Hahaha.
I agree with this answer. After I went full-time, one of my co-workers was bombarded with questions about me, and he gave them nearly the same answer. "Go ask her."
IMHO, the best answer right now would be, "You should be asking that question in private. If she didn't want to talk about it in the car, she certainly won't want to talk about it in front of all of these other people."
I know Jocelyn didn't draw the other people, but I'm pretty sure they're still at the party.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.608747
Retrieved Text: In most states, you have three options for responding to a divorce complaint or petition. You can file an appearance, which tells the court you're neither contesting nor agreeing with your spouse's request for divorce, but want to be involved in decisions regarding custody, support or property. Your other choice is to file an answer to your spouse's divorce papers, denying her grounds or contesting her requests regarding custody, support or property. Lastly, you can file a counterclaim with your answer, which serves as your own complaint or petition for divorce.
Because a counterclaim acts as your own complaint, it tells the court you also want the divorce. You can file on the same grounds your spouse did or elect to use different grounds of your own. If both you and your spouse file on your state's no-fault grounds, this tells the court you also believe your marriage is over. Alternatively, you might want to file on fault grounds if your spouse committed adultery or some other marital misconduct. You can do so, even if your spouse filed on no-fault grounds.
In some states, if you file just an answer to your spouse's divorce papers, you can only ask the court to deny what she's asking for. If you file a counterclaim instead, you can ask for your own relief. In legal terms, "relief" is what you're asking the court to give you. Therefore, if your spouse asks for custody and you file an answer and counterclaim in response, you can ask the court to deny her request

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.373728
Retrieved Text: Karen Black on CJOB radio had an interesting discussion going during her afternoon drive. It seems a lady had been asked on a job application whether or not she was married. What the job was, I don't know, but the lady, it seems, had been bothered by the question, and Karen, too, found the question objectionable.
So she brought the question to the people. How would we feel if, on a job application, we were asked whether or not we were married. I thought about it, and realized that I had no feelings either way. I didn't think it was a necessary question, but I also didn't see the harm in it. I predicted, quite accurately, it seems, that there would be a gender split here, that those objecting to the question would primarily be women and that those not objecting to it would primarily be men. Those who objected tended to object very strenuously, while those who didn't object tended to vary in opinion from indifference to one man who said that such objection had everything to do with feminism, an argument I didn't understand, let alone buy.
The host felt that it was a privacy issue. I'm not sure I buy this either, sicne one's marital status is, as far as I know, a matter of public record. I guess I don't see the big deal one way or another. If I were designing a job application question, I wouldn't put that question on it, whether or not such a question is legal; but if I

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.339775
Retrieved Text: Arthur could see that Kriton was shocked.
Lex used to be good-looking.
Barry tried to pick up his keys with his toes.
Leora offered to carry Morton's suitcase, but she told him she wanted to carry it herself.
Thad didn't want to cross the picket line.
Nathan didn't want to answer Julius's question.
According to his schedule, Mayo should've been here by now.
Why didn't you give Ellen the money he asked for?
I saw Debbie looking into a show window.
Is George a member of the swimming club?
Lorraine is talking on the telephone.
Po tried to relax, but he couldn't.
Turkeer is the only customer in the bar.
Tell Anne what Ranjit asked you to do.
Frank had planned to catch up on some work over the weekend.
Real has achieved a lot.
Cynthia can't hide the truth anymore.
Lukas told Hal he didn't want to help her.
Cathrin's parents allow him to do a lot of things that my parents don't allow me to do.
Vladislav doesn't intend to go by himself.
Kay never even saw us.
Lana and Micah came to an understanding.
Teruyuki handed Kyung a pen.
Vincent put a band-aid on his finger.
What kind of person is Debbie?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.295351
Retrieved Text: pilihan fans: everything i'd ever want!!!
everything i&# 39; d ever want!!!
Do anda believe in cinta at first sight??
How anda say "Love" in your language???
What is cinta for u??
A lady left her halaman awal and saw 3 old men with long white facial hair sitting in her front yard. She didn't remember them. She said, "I don't think I know you, yet anda should be hungry. If anda don't mind come in and have something to eat." "Is the man of the house home?", they asked. "No", she said. "He's out."
"At that point, we can't come in", they answered. At night when her Husband returned home, she told to him what had happened. "Go tell them I am halaman awal and welcome them in!" The lady went out and welcomed the men in. "We don't go into a House together," they answered.
an answer was added to this question: How you say "Love" in your language???
an answer was added to this question: Love means.....?
an answer was added to this question: What is love for u??
Who was considered the world’s GREATEST Lover?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.251873
Retrieved Text: Axel also needs to do that.
Why are you so interested in what Earnie was doing?
Courtney was so surprised he was speechless.
Jos didn't kill his wife.
Carol denied that he had done what he was accused of doing.
Harold didn't bother to answer.
Takayuki's last name was Jackson.
Andrea didn't intend to cause Krzysztof any trouble.
I can't conceive of Ji doing that.
Owen has never told anyone what happened that night.
Boyd didn't mean to step on Dorothy's toes.
Sundaresan seems to be searching for something.
Who did you and Socorrito work for?
Wes admitted he couldn't speak French.
Kerri isn't looking very well.
Louiqa was upset when she saw a picture of June's ex-girlfriend in his wallet.
Shadow and Tuan don't often do things together.
"And that's your best?" Alejandro retorted spitefully.
Shaw will come after me.
I assume that Syed will eat dinner with us this evening.
Everybody hoped that Lukas wouldn't die.
Ravi taught his children French.
We could have a problem if Donal shows up early.
I want to do something for Murat.
Jamie looked in her purse, but she didn't find what she was looking for.
Darren has only had one girlfriend.
Julius asked me to speak to Daryl.
I want to see how Bradford lives.
Pete is shooting with a machine-gun.
I don't live with Brad.
I know because Rodney told me.
That was Son's only fault.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.034864
Retrieved Text: Note the use of DID + S + infinitive (questions) and DID NOT / DIDN'T + infinitive (negations)!
Did he / she work?
The -ed (or -d) form is used only in positive sentences!
The irregular simple past forms of strong verbs are used only in positive sentences!
BUT not for the auxiliaries: see CAN and BE above!
Here is two lists of irregular / strong verbs including archaic forms.
It may be time for you to have a good recap!
When did you last go to the cinema? I last went to the cinema last month.
What did you do at six o'clock?
She was in the office at 10.30.
I went shopping at the end of last week.
She saw her parents at the end of last month.
What did you do on Monday / on 15th May / on Wednesday 3rd June?
I phoned her on Tuesday / I moved out on 2 September.
She was on holiday in July.
The accident happened in 2009.
I met my best friends 26 years ago.
Find the Simple Past form of the following regular verbs and write the way the ending is pronounced. Make sure you know how to pronounce the infinitive!
1. He (answer) the question.
2. They (be) ________________ elsewhere yesterday.
3. You (ask) a stupid question.
5. We (leave) at 10pm.
6. She (come) to see you.
7. They (go) home late.
8. She (forget) her name.
9. I (know) why she didn’t want to see me.
11. He (see) ____________ me and (recognise) _________________ me at once.
3. Fiona visited her grandma.
6. You saw the house.
7. He caught the ball.
1. She pushed her trolley.
2. She carried a suitcase.
3.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.986883
Retrieved Text: Csilla's story was really simple... I just met her in a cold winter day and since I had no better story in mind I told her about our reality show and I just explained her as nicely possible when your hand hand is frozen on the photo camera :) that we would like her to be a model for a few minutes... in the pool... with all her clothes on... And her answer surprised me a bit, cos she asked something like: Why should I get in with clothes on? And I asked her if she would want to do it naked and she did not said no, but she didn't look very ashamed about my proposal.
So this gave me an idea, I wanted to try for a while... I know for a fact that many ladies wear nylons under jeans during winter time, because it's warmer like this (I guess) So while we drive to the studio, I have asked her if she would be comfortable to pose a little sexier for the cameras, and take the jeans off. I did not asked her if she is wearing nylons underneath, cos I didn't want her to freak out ;) BUT I was hoping that she is wearing nylons under the pants.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.798388
Retrieved Text: Does she need me again as a lover ? [Archive] - The Attraction Forums. Dating Advice.
The Attraction Forums. Dating Advice. > Main Forums > General Discussion > Breakups > Does she need me again as a lover ?
View Full Version : Does she need me again as a lover ?
my ex gf dumped me 2 months ago because in 3 years I never proposed her. She never told it but I know this is the main reason. She also told me that I never gave her a better life though I did my best. I agree with her on many points, I know my mistakes.
Just before she dumped me, she tried to look for another boy with Line. I knew she was doing it in my back, it was obvious, she didn't let me see her phone and she would turn off the sound so I wouldn't know that someone is calling her.
Right after she dumped me, she went with another boy. Then she would not answer my calls nor respond to my SMS. I sent her some very nasty SMS. I was really desperate and very angry. There were very tough words. I know that I would never had to send these garbage, but I cannot come back on what I did.
After her new relationship finished, she was OK to talk with me. But she was very rude with me. Showing that her new BF was so much better than me, that she had been so much far with him ... hmmm just 1 month.
So

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.771034
Retrieved Text: Sarah Palin: What Exactly Does The VP Do Everyday?
In an interview just a month ago, she dissed the job, saying it didn't seem "productive."
In fact, she said she didn't know what the vice president does.
Larry Kudlow of CNBC's "Kudlow & Co." asked her about the possibility of becoming McCain's ticket mate.
Palin replied: "As for that VP talk all the time, I'll tell you, I still can't answer that question until somebody answers for me what is it exactly that the VP does every day? I'm used to being very productive and working real hard in an administration. We want to make sure that that VP slot would be a fruitful type of position, especially for Alaskans and for the things that we're trying to accomplish up here for the rest of the U.S., before I can even start addressing that question."

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.755945
Retrieved Text: Thank you very much for answering my question. I was surprised to read that you believe anesthtic would have assisted my dermatologist in this procedure. I asked if she planned to use local anesthetic when placing the threads, but she said she couldn'tc because the fluid would distort her visual field and that she needed to see the planes in which she was working. I have to say that it was excruciatingly painful, particularly as she pushed through the scar tissue. (To be honest, I wondered if she was deliberately torturing/punishing me for having had a facelift a decade ago. "This procedure is meant for people who have never had any surgery. You shouldn't be asking for this," she almost barked as she was placing the threads.) Since she was so angry, I worked very hard to suppress my impulse to scream, though I didn't fully succeed; I didn't want to give her additional reason to complain or to abort the project. Based on your previous answer, I'll be sure to ask for lidocaine if I can find someone else to do this in the future. Thank you!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.701424
Retrieved Text: Kit has no right to do this.
Sergiu seems to want something from you.
That's all the warning Syed and the others need.
What did you do with Dimitry's keys?
I think Duke is hard-working.
I just let Wendy think we did that even though we didn't really do it.
Mott has lost a lot of weight.
Niels wanted Billie to get a tattoo.
Carol couldn't convince Kathy that she had made a mistake.
How come I didn't call Ramesh?
Barton is in another room.
Kikki handed the picture to Pam.
There's no way to do this without Harry.
I know how Darin thinks.
Leith is a classmate of mine.
I know you were expecting Debi to be here.
Space asked Kieran a few questions that she couldn't answer, but she was able to answer most of his questions.
Teriann appeared to be sleeping.
Alastair awaited the news with bated breath.
Tobias has to get back home.
Srinivas seemed like a nice guy.
Conrad doesn't have much choice.
Why don't you ask Harris to help you?
Frances and his dog sleep in the same room.
Rajendra wants to file a complaint.
Penny came up with a new technique.
Pim is allergic to milk.
Tran is looking for a good job.
I'll need someone to take care of Murat.
Oscar poked his pencil through the hole.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.665554
Retrieved Text: I didn't realize my outfit that day would inspire, until a middle-aged woman, hands full of designer shopping bags, walked by and told me she wanted to be me. I was flattered, but a bit taken aback, slightly thrown. Because the truth was, that I always had wanted to be her.
I never had a good answer when I was asked, "What do you want to be when you grow up?"
I didn't say doctor or nurse, teacher, actress. I felt like that would have been faking it. I really didn't know. I felt bad for not knowing.
And now I realize - it's because you are never solely one thing. Nor should anyone ever strive to be defined as one particular thing. Society plants these seeds in young minds, that you should work in your life to be that one thing, that label for your grown up self. Those seeds, in actuality, are limiting. By setting those expectations, many of our peers have developed this feeling of anxiety and ineptitude surrounding the topic of whether or not we are where we "should" be in our 20s & 30's.
Perhaps the question should be, "How much do you want to be.."?
How great do you want to be, at the many things that you will do? Because we are not defined by a singular profession. The one career goal that we achieve should not the benchmark by which we measure our success, and call it a day. Rather, a slice of the pie we're cooking (is that a term? I don't

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.614267
Retrieved Text: Fletcher had more work to do.
Jaime probably had a good reason for leaving early.
Hon moved away with Rusty.
Is Tai looking at me?
I've written to Boyd about Huashi.
Jacques asked Gregge who she was looking for.
Murat has silky smooth legs.
Liz told me he thought this was a good idea.
Ned gave Daniele a box of chocolates laced with poison.
I forgot Himawan was the one who taught you how to play the guitar.
Benjamin put his duffle bag on the seat next to him.
Adrian started to go, but Hohn stopped him.
"What do you want?" "I just wanted to talk to Sjouke."
Cristopher had some great ideas.
Raj made Jwahar tell him everything.
Cindy gave a bouquet of flowers to Agatha.
Rudy was leaning against the wall near the door.
I suggest you don't ask Mikael that question.
Jiri walked away and soon disappeared into the fog.
Nothing's going to happen to Pravin.
Becky promised he'd never do that again.
The question still remains why Dirk would want to do that.
What Ramsey told me didn't make any sense.
Raul didn't know how to answer Carole's question.
Nancy rummaged through his closet looking for a pair of black shoes.
Jacques showed up Monday night.
Loyd rummaged through the contents of her purse, but couldn't find what she was looking for.
Kari looked in her purse, but she didn't find what she was looking for.
We saw Sanjib talking to Carlos.
Christian is a little uptight.
Do you think that Honzo had something to do with it?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.55886
Retrieved Text: Constantly ringing today. Had to block. Didn't answer.
Lady with English accent rang me from this number and when I answered she quoted a 7 digit number and hung up. Don't know what that was about.
Want to track phone 00442084336065?, need more information?, enter your email address and we will send you an email with the new information we obtain.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.527199
Retrieved Text: But when prosecutor Autrey James asked Eva Ng if she leased the warehouse to Almena and Nicholas Bouchard on Nov. 10, 2013, she refused to testify, citing her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Harris' attorney Curtis Briggs asked Ng if any of her actions "led to the deaths of 36 people at the warehouse," and she again refused to answer.
Ng, who was accompanied by a lawyer, also refused to answer Briggs' question if it is true that she knew that people were living in the warehouse, which didn't have a permit for residential use, at the time of the fire.
Almena's lawyer Tony Serra also got no answer from Ng when he asked if it was true that "you knew from the outset that there would be artists living at those premises and you allowed it."
Kai Ng, who was represented by the same lawyer, refused to answer similar questions as well as others.
One of Briggs' questions was whether Kai Ng paid a large sum of money to a public relations office and used his political influence to make sure that the Alameda County District Attorney's Office wouldn't file charges against him.
The third owner of the warehouse is Chor Ng, the mother of Eva and Kai, but defense lawyers have said she fled to China after the fire.
After Eva and Kai Ng left the courtroom of Alameda County Superior Court, Trina Thompson Serra and Briggs said prosecutors should offer them "use immunity," which would allow them to testify at the trial for Almena and Harris without having their testimony

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.520412
Retrieved Text: She simply replied to a fan's curious tweet. Wasn't a big thing.
Want to know about Bella Thorne's love life? Tweet at her.
While there are many celebrities who make a big deal about coming out, in magazine covers, personal essays or YouTube videos, the Shake It Up actress, 18, shared with her Twitter followers that she's bisexual with a simple "Yes" reply to a tweet from a fan who asked. The question was prompted by Thorne's Snapchat, which showed photos of herself and another girl kissing.
This candid answer follows another reveal on social media, that she and boyfriend Gregg Sulkin, 24, broke up. She didn't make a big deal out of that piece of news, either. "Things just didn't end up working the way we had hoped," she said in a Twitter reply.
Thorne has received plenty of love from fans since tweeting about her sexuality.
The actress is shooting a new TV series, Famous in Love, which has her dancing with So You Think You Can Dance legend Stephen "tWitch" Boss.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.515017
Retrieved Text: Hi, I'm new to this Site but someone from Ruby Lane, where I have a shop, suggested you may be able to answer a question for me. I shipped, via Insured Priority Mail, a beautiful Spode Copeland, Tiffany plate to a customer in the middle of the 7+ day heat wave on the East Coast. It was wrapped in three sheets of bubble wrap and placed in the middle of a large Priority Mail box that was full of peanuts. When she received the plate, she told me that it was cracked and glued because it was sticky. Shipping during the heat wave from RI to VA has to be the cause because the plate was in mint condition when it left here. She didn't want to get the insurance saying I had sent to to her that way. Previously, she had bought an identical one and there was no problem. She reported me to Ruby Lane and to the BBB. Ruby Lane, to their credit has asked her to put in an Insurance claim. Sorry I'm so long winded about this but I want to give you the whole story. Anyway, my question to all of you is have you ever had bubble wrap melt and/or a plate crack from the heat in shipping? Thanks.
: Hi, I'm new to this Site but someone from Ruby Lane, where I have a shop, suggested you may be able to answer a question for me. I shipped, via Insured Priority Mail, a beautiful Spode Copeland, Tiffany plate to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.494923
Retrieved Text: my mind. "Wait...omigod...you didn't know?'" She countered in surprise and embarrassment.
I want to know where you are.
You left your phone in the car.
And I am calling you on it this time.
if I hadn’t found it out myself?
has been a part of our lives.
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie….so shamelessly.
a man who tends to be late.
I want what I’m after…answer!
Would you have told me if I hadn’t found it out myself?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.480562
Retrieved Text: Everything you want to know about matching food and wine but didn't know who to ask!
Fiona Beckett is wine writer for the Guardian but has also for many years run a fantastic website www.matchingfoodandwine.com which suggests food and wine combinations or if you have a particular wine what food would best go with it.
Every year she tests hundreds of combinations.
So if ever you are wondering what to serve with a Moroccan Hairy Mammoth Casserole she may well have the answer or if you have a bottle of Austrian Pinot Noir and want to know what tasty morsel will have both the wine and food singing in harmony visit www.matchingfoodandwine.com.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.44804
Retrieved Text: "Mr. Lu, do you want to ask why Ye didn't come here?" Paula hated Autumn, but she remained calm and said, "She has quit her job, so I'm in charge of her job from now on. Mr. Lu, we..."
Charles was left confused when he learnt that Autumn had resigned. Despite that, he told Paula, "Go back and tell Mr. Zhou that I will only collaborate with her. If she has quit her job, I think there is no reason to cooperate anymore."
Charles entered the office, passed by Paula who stood in front him and sat at his office desk. He then became busy with some documents.
Paula remained stunned for a long while. She didn't expect Charles not to react at all.
"Mr. Lu..." She frowned perplexedly. She took every means to sow dissension between Ryan and Autumn. Now she had finally forced Autumn to leave Cloud Advertising Company. But since Charles insisted on working with Autumn, she didn't know how to explain this to Ryan.
"Is there anything else?" asked Charles flatly, while discontentedly glancing at Paula who stood nearby.
Paula continued to hesitate. She tried every way to drive Autumn out of the company and was just promoted to the Planning Director position. So she didn't want to fail in dealing with the first case in this position.
"Mr. Lu, I know that it is Ye who gets in touch with you to deal with all the previous cases. But now she has quit her job. Mr. Zhou pays high attention to the cooperation with the Shining Company, so

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.436815
Retrieved Text: I will be 8 weeks tomorrow. My fiance and I have been having so many issues that past few weeks and I don't know if I really want to keep going with this relationship. We both have trust issues. Also, ever since we moved in together he has so much baby momma drama from the mothers (2 exes) of his kids and mother in law drama. His mother came into town from another country and she didn't even give me a chance because she says she only has one daughter in law (his 1st wife of 15 years). This woman didn't even want to meet me, which hurt a lot because they would have family reunions/dinners to which I wasn't invited because she doesn't want to have anything to do with me. I have 4 kids of my own 3 from my 1st marriage and 1 from my last, this will be our 1st together. The last argument (trust issues on both sides) we had I flat out told him that the door is open and that if he wanted to leave he could. I'm not happy in my relationship at the moment. Lately I have been thinking about just ending our relationship but I don't know if I am just hormonal. My thing is that if I end this relationship I may regret it later thinking that things may have worked out but I also don't want to waste time since I am a full time employee and student. Any advice will help please! I

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.414219
Retrieved Text: Written on 9 November 2007 in response to luckybrans' prompt of Angelina/Montague, featuring him choosing to go and fight with her at Hogwarts.
"It's your school, too, your world. Do you like what's happening at Hogwarts? Do you like what's happening in society? Do you think I should have to be on some list of people yours consider to be inferior?"
Angelina's questions were difficult to hear, and even more difficult to answer. For Montague, the world was working out exactly as it ought—to a point.
Miss you, he thought, staring at her picture.
The insipid witches his parents had been parading before him since he'd left Hogwarts had all been incredibly boring. Not having anything useful to do with his time—because of course he shouldn't have to work—had also become difficult. And he was worried about Angelina, about how they'd left things after he'd seen her before her match.
If the Dark Lord wins . . . .
Montague didn't believe his parents were evil, just lazy. The unpleasantness didn't affect them, so they didn't notice it. No one discussed politics in his house.
But politics isn't what we're talking about here. It's people. It's her.
No matter what Montague did, he couldn't forget Angelina, and he didn't like his life without her. Giving up the privileges of wealth to have her—he hadn't been certain he could do that. Now he wasn't so sure. Even seeing her for so brief a moment had made him feel more alive than he had in months.
But now it's more than wealth that I'd be giving up,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.407194
Retrieved Text: She's ditched me again. That's the third time this year.
Got a phone call last night as I folded my clothes for a week away (my flat is little more than a clean clothing production line with Sky). In tears she explained that she didn't want 'us' to continue because after 9 months she still wasn't sure, but that she didn't want to lose me as her closest friend. I listened in a cold silence as a spiralling pit yawned in my stomach, told her I'd been expecting it, hung up and went out and got drunk.
I woke at 4am, and while my blurry head adjusted to the half-light of my room, the chasm reopened and I fell in, my stomach whirling and churning. It wasn't pretty. But after an hour my thoughts crystallised into one conclusion - I wasn't going to accept her answer. As a conclusion unfortunately, it doesn't help, making me sound like a petulant toddler, screaming and screaming until I'm sick. Also it probably ultimately leads to a seedy experience living at the bottom of her garden and picking up court orders.
The second conclusion I reached, once two cups of tea to the good and ensconsed in a Nottingham bound First Class compartment, was that I'm beyond caring. Although spectacularly at odds with previous behaviour, it's sustaining me at the moment.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.405973
Retrieved Text: Ed asked Tracy a question she didn't want to answer.
Do you know where Denis's car is parked?
Since his wife died, Sharada has been mother and father in one to the children.
Daniel was a little disoriented.
Pierce and Monty both graduated from the same university.
Lucifer is dialling a number.
I think Bea is asleep.
Sid sat cross-legged on the bed.
Guillermo doesn't want Kathryn to do what he did.
I heard that Kathryn is planning to come with us.
Wade seems to be unwilling to be a suicide bomber.
I didn't know Shaw could do that.
Ted is your cousin, isn't he?
I don't think Donald knows how to run the business.
Julianto said it really did happen.
They tried to handcuff Theo.
Harvey didn't show me anything.
Joseph is nice, isn't he?
Did you hear about Saad's resignation?
Sir has written a very thorough report.
I hope Miltos feels better.
Mah hasn't been to the supermarket in a long time.
We talked about Gene and Maarten's relationship.
Emma has done nothing but complain.
Rayan hardly speaks any French.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.312094
Retrieved Text: Fellow Mtbikers, want to see some beautiful girls, then help me evaluate them, who's your bet?
Me. Korea is pretty too.. charming..
want I will be happy."
Miss brazil.. she gets my vote. Lips, curvey body, skin, legs..etc.
one thing common that i didn't like about ms.russia,ms.brazil,ms.venezuela and ms. puerto rico...................................malilikot matulog.
But I thought Ms. Serbia will win coz of her willingness to answer the question w/o any interpreter.
Crowd faves Miss Russia, Brazil, Belgium, Puerto Rico, India and RP did not make it, better luck next time.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.290266
Retrieved Text: Sometimes a person is best described by using their own words. That is why I chose to interview Lonica Lee Halley for her portroids' page.
Ado, ado, ado, without further ado ... I present "The Interview".
PORTROIDS: What do you want people to know about you that they don't already know?
LONICA LEE HALLEY: (silence - for literally two months) (OK ... I'll answer for her) (in Loni voice) I hate to be interviewed.
P: Oh, that's a very interesting answer, and something I didn't already know. Next question: Hypothetically, if by some cruel trick of fate, both of our spouses were no longer our spouses (like if Michael went off to the desert to save the whales and he didn't return for like two weeks, and Erica went skydiving and broke her leg and was bed-ridden and I got sick of taking care of her), and you and I decided to get married, would you (a strict vegetarian) cook meat for me (a fierce and savage carnivore)?
LLH: (again, no answer - maybe she thinks "hypothetical" is the same as "rhetorical")(if she wasn't so disresepectful of the "interview process", I'm sure she would say ...) That is so far-fetched that I refuse to answer.
P: Far-fetched, or so real that it just blew your mind?
P: Do you always use your middle name "Lee", or was that just special for portroids? Follow up question: are you still going by the name "Lee Halley: Karate-Chop Master", or has that fad faded?
LLH (LH:K-CM): (quiet, oh so quiet) (in Loni voice) I was nervous, so

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.283442
Retrieved Text: I was trying not to be blinded by my teary eyes as I steadied my gaze on the road, covered with darkness.
"How could she say that to me?" I thought to myself.
My friend had a lot on her plate. I usually visit her to help out in anyway I could. To be there if she needed to vent out about the ills from her work and other pressures dragging her, some continuing to wound her heart.
Her silence in the car as we were running errands stabbed my heart.
"What's wrong?" I queried to break the ice.
"Nothing's wrong!" she replied with a sure tone. More silence ensued.
Going back to their house, that was when she blew up and accused me that I always assumed things when she wasn't talking.
I found myself raising my voice and told her I couldn't read her mind so maybe that was why I always assumed because she treated me with silence.
But she retorted that she always was complaining to me that she chose to do so. Though I never complained I got tired of hearing her problems, even if they were told over and over.
She accused me of not even asking how she felt because she had a lot of things in her mind. I didn't. Because I was nursing my own wounds. I was recalling my dad's death anniversary that day and my mom's today. I didn't even dare tell her knowing she was going through a lot. That I didn't think of my own misery as important as hers. But she

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.257483
Retrieved Text: I'm not sure how to handle this issue. I posted a question in another forum. I received a response from a poster who was nice enough to chime in on my issue. Bottom line is that the question really never got answered, although the other poster acknowledged that he was able to repeat my problem so it wasn't just something on my system. However, a moderator (I guess that who he/she was) marked one of the messages of this other poster as "Answer" when it wasn't the answer.
Shouldn't the person who initially posted the question (started the thread) determine and mark the applicable message as an answer? I can understand if a question was answered and the OP either forgot or just didn't take the time to mark a message as Answer, and the forum moderator had to do it.
There was no option for me to "unmark" the marked answer. And I didn't want to post a message and publicly challenge the moderator. So ... has this happened to anyone else? What should I do in a situation like this? I guess I'd prefer the thread be kept marked as "Unanswered" so that maybe somebody will still come along and have an answer.
If you are the thread starter there should be an option to "UnMark as Answer" make sure you are logged in.
Just to add a little bit, and explain some of the guidance we give to forum owners and moderators, your initial assertion that the person who asked the question should be the one to

================



======= Instance Index 568 =========
Input Text: The word "dissipation" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The dissipation of the mist.
Sentence 2: Mindless dissipation of natural resources.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.339485
Retrieved Text: Siemens PLM will host Best Practices for Forced and Natural Convection Cooling Simulations on December 15, 2016.
The two most common cooling approaches for electronics devices are forced and natural convection cooling. Natural convection is often considered ideal because of its inherent reliability but is limited in its heat dissipation capability.
Forced convection approaches introduce additional failure points, most notably with a fan, but the dramatic increase in heat dissipation possibly makes the additional risk acceptable.
Thermal simulation is a key tool used by design engineers to both assess the cooling approaches available and to guide the detailed design of the system. This web seminar will explain the best practices for performing forced and natural convection simulations with leading simulation software.
Basic sizing calculations, as well as the detailed simulation steps, will be covered to best equip the thermal engineer to effectively use simulation to aid and guide the demanding task of reliable system design.
This online event is free, but registration is necessary to obtain log-in credentials. Please visit our event page for more information.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.021841
Retrieved Text: Heat conduction in silicon can be effectively engineered by means of sub-micrometre porous thin free-standing membranes. Tunable thermal properties make these structures good candidates for integrated heat management units such as waste heat recovery, rectification or efficient heat dissipation. However, possible applications require detailed thermal characterisation at high temperatures which, up to now, has been an experimental challenge. In this work we use the contactless two-laser Raman thermometry to study heat dissipation in periodic porous membranes at high temperatures via lattice conduction and air-mediated losses. We find the reduction of the thermal conductivity and its temperature dependence closely correlated with the structure feature size. On the basis of two-phonon Raman spectra, we attribute this behaviour to diffuse (incoherent) phonon-boundary scattering. Furthermore, we investigate and quantify the heat dissipation via natural air-mediated cooling, which can be tuned by engineering the porosity.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.231983
Retrieved Text: The elasto-plastic quasi-static evolution of a multi-phase material -- a material with a pointwise varying yield surface and elasticity tensor, together with interfaces between the phases -- is revisited in the context of conservative globally minimizing movements. Existence is shown, and classical evolutions are recovered under natural constraints on the plastic dissipation potential. Special attention is paid to the interfaces where the correct dissipation has to be enforced on the interfaces. Further, the evolution is shown to be a limit of that obtained for a model with linear isotropic hardening as the hardening becomes vanishingly small. The duality between plastic strains and admissible stresses is also revisited for Lipschitz boundaries and its role in deriving a classical evolution is circumscribed.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.994827
Retrieved Text: Ulanqab Darsen Graphite New Materials Co., Ltd. (Hereinafter referred to as the "DarsenGraphite") was established in 2012, with registered capital of 100 million RMB. Located in Xingwangjiao Industrial Park, Xinghe County, Ulanqab City, Inner Mongolia, Darsen Graphite is a comprehensive new material high-tech enterprise engaging in natural graphite mining, developing, manufacturing, and marketing of graphite products and services.
Based on the rich graphite mineral resources, a strong technological advantage and superior production conditions, through a comprehensive layout, the Darsen Graphite has established a unique whole industry chain development model of graphite deep processing. At present, Darsen Graphite’s product category basically covers all areas of deep processing of natural graphite, including high purity graphite, expandable graphite, flexible graphite, spherical graphite, anode materials for lithium ion batteries , conductive additive, colloidal graphite, high thermal conductivity graphite foil, high thermal conductivity graphite block, graphene, etc. Furthermore, with the continuous development of the company's business scope, the product range will be further extended. Applied the exclusive patented technology, Darsen Graphite develops a series of high thermal conductivity graphite heat dissipation material for high-end electronic productsmaterial with. It is filling in the domestic blank, replacing the similar imported products and breaking the market monopoly of the United States, Japan, Germany and other carbon materials power in China. In addition, Darsen Graphite has an exclusive high-purity expandable graphite preparation process patents and innovative expanded graphite grinding technology, whichmakes the conductive agent having competitiveness in the domestic high-end marketand breaks the monopoly of the French company over years in the Chinese market. Furthermore, graphene

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.970318
Retrieved Text: There are several ways you can Volunteer with Awake Palmer Lake. Fill out this simple form and we will be in touch!
★ To salvage, restore and recreate the natural majesty of the namesake of our town. ★ To prevent any future significant water dissipation due to drought and other natural causes. ★ To enhance and update surrounding recreation areas.
Copyright Awake Palmer Lake © 2013. All Rights reserved.
Designed by Michelle @ Treasured Pages, Inc.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.967047
Retrieved Text: Transitional databases from direct numerical simulation (DNS) of three-dimensional mixing layers for single-phase flows and two-phase flows with evaporation are analyzed and used to examine the typical hypothesis that the scalar-dissipation probability distribution function (PDF) may be modeled as a Gaussian. The databases encompass a singlecomponent fuel and four multicomponent fuels, two initial Reynolds numbers (Re), two mass loadings for two-phase flows and two free-stream gas temperatures. Using the DNS-calculated moments of the scalar-dissipation PDF, it is shown, consistent with existing experimental information on single-phase flows, that the Gaussian is a modest approximation of the DNS-extracted PDF, particularly poor in the range of the high scalar-dissipation values, which are significant for turbulent reaction rate modeling in non-premixed flows using flamelet models. With the same DNS-calculated moments of the scalar-dissipation PDF and making a change of variables, a model of this PDF is proposed in the form of the β-PDF which is shown to approximate much better the DNS-extracted PDF, particularly in the regime of the high scalar-dissipation values. Several types of statistical measures are calculated over the ensemble of the 14 databases. For each statistical measure, the proposed β-PDF model is shown to be superior to the Gaussian in approximating the DNS-extracted PDF. Additionally, the agreement between the DNS-extracted PDF and the β-PDF even improves when the comparison is performed for higher initial-Re layers, whereas the comparison with the Gaussian is independent of the initial Re values. For two-phase flows, the comparison between the DNS-extracted PDF and the β-PDF also improves with increasing free-stream gas temperature

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.842098
Retrieved Text: All natural 100% Mohair cord. Fewer strands in a single layer for less bulk and lighter duty. Durable, yet the softest most comfortable cord cinch. Excellent for heat and moisture dissipation.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.561928
Retrieved Text: Want to add structured data to product pages but don't have the resources or tech savvy to do it yourself? Google's Data Highlighter makes it near mindless for anyone. Learn how to use Data Highlighter.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.520496
Retrieved Text: Available in cot and cot bed sizes.
The 'All Natural Mattress' from East Coast is filled with wool and natural coir, and features a deluxe bamboo fabric cover, providing a completely natural mattress.
The mattress features a waterproof membrane that can be moved to give protection where it's needed. The quilted cover is water-resistant and breathable, allowing excellent air movement and heat dissipation to keep baby cool and comfortable. The cover is removable and machine washable at 60ºC.
All East Coast mattresses are made in the UK.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.442999
Retrieved Text: It uses homogenous as well as firm dissipation of crumb rubber in the original bitumen modification. Its production process comprise of a wide range of components i.e. crumb rubber, resins, hydrocarbon materials, natural asphalt, latex etc.
Resistant to cracking leading to higher durability even in extreme weather conditions or during heavy traffics.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.388517
Retrieved Text: Finned Air Heater 1. Good heater dissipation and cooling effect 2. High thermal efficiency 3. Stainless steel fin and tube Finned Air Heater Designed for use in natural and forced convection space heating. Our range of finned air heaters are suitable for increase heat transfer surface area and where higher wattage is required.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.369837
Retrieved Text: Technical Support Company: ALLIX Co., Ltd.
The biggest advantage of LED lighting is economic efficiency. Consumption of electric power is one-seventh of that of incandescent lamps, and life span is more than 20 times longer. For this reason, LEDs are pushing away a 130-year history of incandescent bulbs and are becoming popular as new light sources. However, if the heat generated from the LED chip is not effectively discharged, the performance is significantly deteriorated. That's why the LED industry's efforts to boost heat dissipation continue.
ALLIX Co., Ltd. is a LED specialized LED company that produces LED module and lighting products based on LED package technology. Its main products are 30~300W high power, high CRI LED for industrial use. High CRI LED is a light source that is close to natural light and is used in special industries such as medical, broadcasting, museum and plant cultivation.
Industrial LED lighting uses a high power LED chip of 30W or more, which leads to increased heat emission. If the heat generated from the LED chip is not properly discharged, the brightness of the light is lowered and the lifetime is reduced. In addition, heat can damage surrounding components.
"Solving heat problems in the LED field is paramount. Typically, LED chips have a lifetime of 50,000 hours but failure to properly control heat dissipation will reduce the lifetime by 50%. That is why heat dissipation technology is the core technology of LED products.
Jong Uk "Lonnie" An, CEO of ALLIX Co., Ltd., focused on 'how to obtain more efficient heat dissipation technology'. Kwang Seok

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.362041
Retrieved Text: Abstract: Abstract We forge linkages between the economics of property rights (Coase, Demsetz, Cheung, Barzel) and strategic management. Property rights to resources consist of the rights to consume, obtain income from, and alienate these resources. Transaction costs are the costs of exchanging, protecting and capturing property rights. We clarify the key role of transaction costs with respect to understanding value creation and the limitations and opportunities of strategizing relative to competitive forces. The economics of property rights identifies new sources of value creation (i.e., reducing the dissipation caused by transaction costs), and new types of resources (i.e., capture and protection capabilities), clarifies the role of contracting in the exercise of market power, and suggests that "strategizing" and "economizing" perspectives are related to a larger extent than is normally recognized. Refutable propositions are derived.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.313976
Retrieved Text: Is Your Spouse Guilty of Dissipation of Marital Assets under the New Illinois Divorce Laws?
Of these examples, which one reflects a dissipation of marital assets in your Illinois divorce?
A spouse who gambles away marital monies during your marriage.
A spouse who gifts money or assets to another person during your marriage.
A spouse who hides or transfers assets during your marriage for purpose of avoiding splitting those assets with you in anticipation of your Illinois divorce.
The answer is any or all of these three examples may be a dissipation of marital assets.
What Defines When a Dissipation of Marital Assets Occurs in a Marriage?
Dissipation of marital assets occurs under Illinois law when one spouse uses money or assets for purposes unrelated to the marriage when the marriage has "irretrievably or irreconcilably broken."
A. Marriage undergoing in reconcilable breakdown: For a dissipation of marital assets to occur, the marriage must be undergoing an "irreconcilable breakdown" for money or assets to be dissipated. It is not necessary that the breakdown of the marriage be complete. This makes sense since most marriages don't breakdown at a single moment in time but most commonly over a period of time- months or even years.
B. Use of money or assets for a purpose unrelated to the marriage: The second element is that money or assets must be expended by a spouse for a purpose unrelated to the marriage. Sometimes this is not easy to determine. The most obvious example of dissipation may be that of a spouse who gambles away marital monies during the marriage breakdown.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.013273
Retrieved Text: Is Your Spouse Guilty of Dissipation of Marital Assets under the New Illinois Divorce Laws?
Of these examples, which one reflects a dissipation of marital assets in your Illinois divorce?
A spouse who gambles away marital monies during your marriage.
A spouse who gifts money or assets to another person during your marriage.
A spouse who hides or transfers assets during your marriage for purpose of avoiding splitting those assets with you in anticipation of your Illinois divorce.
The answer is any or all of these three examples may be a dissipation of marital assets.
What Defines When a Dissipation of Marital Assets Occurs in a Marriage?
Dissipation of marital assets occurs under Illinois law when one spouse uses money or assets for purposes unrelated to the marriage when the marriage has "irretrievably or irreconcilably broken."
A. Marriage undergoing in reconcilable breakdown: For a dissipation of marital assets to occur, the marriage must be undergoing an "irreconcilable breakdown" for money or assets to be dissipated. It is not necessary that the breakdown of the marriage be complete. This makes sense since most marriages don't breakdown at a single moment in time but most commonly over a period of time- months or even years.
B. Use of money or assets for a purpose unrelated to the marriage: The second element is that money or assets must be expended by a spouse for a purpose unrelated to the marriage. Sometimes this is not easy to determine. The most obvious example of dissipation may be that of a spouse who gambles away marital monies during the marriage breakdown.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.894184
Retrieved Text: Surface wave data from sixteen different laboratory experiments using single and double peaked spectra was processed for wave energy spectra, shape, and dissipation parameters to describe the evolution of the double-peaked narrow-banded waves. Starting from a known model for random wave dissipation, the group waves were processed, and different regions of wave interactions were catalogued. The long wave segment of the wave groups was monitored since energy is not readily lost from long waves. The associated wave number spectra of mechanically created group waves was also determined and the corresponding wave number dependence of the spectral density compared to two theoretical values: that for the Zakharov range (2.5kvp ≤ k ≤ 1/h ) and for the Toba range (k > 1/h). This comparison to these formulations for broadbanded spectra reveals whether narrow-banded wave groups can be similarly described. A time-varying dissipation mechanism was used to deduce the instantaneous energy loss from breaking; these events will also be analyzed via a probability density function and used to better model narrow-banded wave dissipation in shallow water. The trend of the most probable dissipation event was also calculated and compared to the depth. Trends of dissipation were correlated to that of the related wave energy spectra. The dependence of dissipation on higher frequencies was evaluated. The result will be useful to catalogue the dissipation of group waves.
Pauling, David Alexander (2018). Dissipation of Group Waves in Shallow Water for Wave Model Input. Master's thesis, Texas A & M University. Available electronically from http : / /hdl .handle .net /1969 .1

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.893948
Retrieved Text: Resistors | Passive Components | ROHM Semiconductor - ROHM Co., Ltd.
ROHM, the pioneer of chip resistors, offers a wide array of chip resistors that brings added value - in terms of greater reliability, increased miniaturization and improved performance - to sets of all types. We are focused on effective use of natural resources, and provide narrow pitch taping and bulk products that reduce waste and resources considerably.
Chip resistors（MCR series) are highly reliable due to metal-glaze resistive element. They are long-seller in the market for needs from consumer electronics to industrial/automotive. The packages are available from the ultra-compact size best matching mobile communication appliances and portable equipment.
ROHM's chip resistor networks employ the metal glaze resistive element with high reliability. They are suitable for the high-density mounting so that the use of this product can reduce the mounting frequency as well as the mounting space. The convex-shaped electrode provides better solder-fillet visibility which matches the automated inspection machine.
ROHM's anti-surge chip resistors employ resistive element uniquely structured having high tolerance to surge with 2 to 5kV ESD guarantee. This product is suitable for high-reliability sets and circuits.
ROHM wide terminal chip resistors feature superior junction reliability and high rated power. Ideal for current detection in power supplies, automotive systems, motors, and other applications.
ROHM's anti-sulfur chip resistors are featuring unique internal structure having high tolerance to sulfuric environments. This product is suitable for high-reliability sets and circuits.
Low-resistance chip resistors (UCR series) feature thick-film resistive element specialized for very low resistance from 11mΩ. Outstanding features are excellent rated power and resitance stability

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.844788
Retrieved Text: 2002-03-19 Assigned to INTEL CORPORATION reassignment INTEL CORPORATION ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST (SEE DOCUMENT FOR DETAILS). Assignors: DUJARI, PRATEEK J., LIAN, BIN, SEARLS, DAMION T., DISHONGH, TERRANCE J.
An iodine-containing thermal interface material disposed between a heat source and a heat dissipation device.
The present invention relates to apparatus and methods for removal of heat from electronic devices. In particular, the present invention relates to a thermal interface comprising an iodine-containing material.
Higher performance, lower cost, increased miniaturization of integrated circuit components, and greater packaging density of integrated circuits are ongoing goals of the microelectronic industry. As these goals are achieved, microelectronic dice become smaller. Accordingly, the density of power consumption of the integrated circuit components in the microelectronic device has increased, which, in turn, increases the average junction temperature of the microelectronic device. If the temperature of the microelectronic device becomes too high, the integrated circuits of the microelectronic device may be damaged or destroyed.
Various apparatus and techniques have been used and are presently being used for removing heat from microelectronic devices. One such heat dissipation technique involves the attachment of a heat dissipation device to a microelectronic device. FIG. 4 illustrates an assembly 200 comprising a microelectronic device 202 (illustrated as a flip chip) physically and electrically attached to a carrier substrate 204 by a plurality of solder balls 206. A back surface 216 of a heat dissipation device 208 may be attached to a back surface 212 of the microelectronic device 202 by a thermally conductive adhesive or solder 214. The heat dissipation device 208 may

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.730793
Retrieved Text: The decay of Kadomtsev–Petviashvili lumps is considered for a few typical dissipations—Rayleigh dissipation, Reynolds dissipation, Landau damping, Chezy bottom friction, viscous dissipation in the laminar boundary layer, and radiative losses caused by large-scale dispersion. It is shown that the straight-line motion of lumps is unstable under the influence of dissipation. The lump trajectories are calculated for two most typical models of dissipation—the Rayleigh and Reynolds dissipations. A comparison of analytical results obtained within the framework of asymptotic theory with the direct numerical calculations of the Kadomtsev–Petviashvili equation is presented. Good agreement between the theoretical and numerical results is obtained.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.662012
Retrieved Text: Here are 22 ways to create amazing content on your site. Nice infographic, courtesy of our friends at the social site, MediaTapper.com.
This from aNewDomain’s friends at the great social site Media Tapper. Its Michael van der Galien posted this infographic and we love it. It’ll help anyone trying to create evocative content online.
Like this infographic? Get more content marketing tips from Copyblogger.
Via: Mediatapper and Copyblogger, which originally titled this: 22 Ways to Create Compelling Content.
Valeo Park4U: Can’t Park? There’s an App for That!
Really informative. I struggle with my “mindless site”/blog. (http://antpruitt.wordpress.com) I am a fairly decent writer believe it or not. Sure I write on my blog with a lot of slang because I tend to speak that way. I do know how to draw “da line” when I need to go less slangy. My problem is I can’t say that I have a TRUE audience. When I have blogged on my site, it’s been more of a way for me to get items out of my head. They’re usually mindless, somewhat personal, or some type of observation.
From time to time, I get geeky my content, but yet most of my subscribers aren’t into geek. They like mindless entertainment, I guess.
A guy like me would love to write about tech, but find it difficult due to resources that other writers/bloggers have. I salute those that do write about the world of tech. It’s such a fast paced and changing world. Then you add in rumors and unicorns, it can be challenging.
On Malcolm X And Martin Luther

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.640343
Retrieved Text: Anil, N and Rajan, NKS and Reshi, Omesh and Deshpande, SM (2007) Adjoint based optimal control of dissipation in kinetic schemes. In: 7th Asian Computational Fluid Dynamics (ACFD) Conference, Nov 26-30, 2007, IISc, Bangalore.
To resolve many flow features accurately, like accurate capture of suction peak in case of subsonic flows or crisp shocks in flows with discontinuities or to minimise the loss in stagnation pressure or even flow separation in viscous flows requires an accurate and low dissipative numerical scheme. It has been found that the first order Kinetic Flux Vector Split (KFVS) scheme is more dissipative. However, numerical dissipation can be reduced either by $h$-refinement or $p$-refinement or a combination of both, which requires more computational time and memory. In this paper we present a low dissipative modified KFVS (m-KFVS) method with molecular velocity dependent dissipation control function by still using the first order stencil. However, the dissipation generated by m-KFVS may not be minimal and hence the dissipation control vector is in general not optimal. The m-KFVS solver is then combined with discrete adjoint solver to find the optimal dissipation control vector, which results in minimal numerical dissipation. Numerical results are presented for standard inviscid test cases based on m-KFVS and m-KFVS-adjoint methods.
Kinetic schemes;m-KFVS;MCIR splitting;optimal control of dissipation;discrete adjoint optimisation.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.62969
Retrieved Text: AUTOMATIC COOLING FUNCTION: internal silent cooling fan, continuous cooling when the lights work.Greatly extended working hours.
OUTSTANDING COLOR RENDERING: CIR90+ , shows more precise, natural and realistic light color. No UV, IR and fading, care for the health of you and your family.
CAST ALUMINUM ALLOY: high strength, corrosion resistance, light weight, heat dissipation, life expectancy of up to 20,000 hours.
QUALITY WARRANTY: 5 year unlimited warranty means we have covered you! If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.598307
Retrieved Text: I started to work on urban heat islands (UHI) as a natural consequence of researching on Climate Change (CC). In fact, UHIs are maybe the most common and worldwide spread effect of urbanization. Cities are dissipative structures where heat dissipation occurs as a consequence of deep ecological changes introduced in Land cover by the expansion of urban systems: soil sealing and building construction. The accumulation of technomass in urban environments increases the heat retention. Besides this, the very urban metabolism increases heat dissipation, due to transport and even human body emission, including air conditioning.
Since 2013 we have produced several publications, see here, here and here. For lectures, here and here, colloquiums, workshops, and conference presentations, here and here (page 9). The summer of 2016 I was invited by the Catholic University of the North, Chile, to continue our research on UHIs with Dr. Massimo Palme. I have spent a wonderful 3 months in Antofagasta, in the Atacama desert. As a result of this visit, we have one manuscript submitted (forthcoming in Energy & Building) and one research proposal submitted for funding.
Currently, we have prepared a special session on UHI for the upcoming WMCAUS conference. More updates to come soon. If you want access to any of the aforementioned presentations, articles, etc. do not hesitate to contact me.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.596802
Retrieved Text: Surface wave data from sixteen different laboratory experiments using single and double peaked spectra was processed for wave energy spectra, shape, and dissipation parameters to describe the evolution of the double-peaked narrow-banded waves. Starting from a known model for random wave dissipation, the group waves were processed, and different regions of wave interactions were catalogued. The long wave segment of the wave groups was monitored since energy is not readily lost from long waves. The associated wave number spectra of mechanically created group waves was also determined and the corresponding wave number dependence of the spectral density compared to two theoretical values: that for the Zakharov range (2.5kvp ≤ k ≤ 1/h ) and for the Toba range (k > 1/h). This comparison to these formulations for broadbanded spectra reveals whether narrow-banded wave groups can be similarly described. A time-varying dissipation mechanism was used to deduce the instantaneous energy loss from breaking; these events will also be analyzed via a probability density function and used to better model narrow-banded wave dissipation in shallow water. The trend of the most probable dissipation event was also calculated and compared to the depth. Trends of dissipation were correlated to that of the related wave energy spectra. The dependence of dissipation on higher frequencies was evaluated. The result will be useful to catalogue the dissipation of group waves.
Pauling, David Alexander (2018). Dissipation of Group Waves in Shallow Water for Wave Model Input. Master's thesis, Texas A & M University. Available electronically from http : / /hdl .handle .net /1969 .1

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.584438
Retrieved Text: Evolutionism is the claim that all of life's diversity arose via blind and mindless processes starting from some unknown replicators. It is an untestable claim that has no business being taught in science classrooms.
One of its untestable claims is that sexual reproduction somehow evolved by blind and mindless processes, which is just one of the untestable claims evolutionism makes.
The first problem is meiosis. Now I am sure that you can search the internet and find articles on the evolution of sexual reproduction. Go ahead and read them. You will see they are full of speculation based on the assumption that sexual reproduction did evolve. Not one will contain any science that demonstrates what the papers say is true. And that is the crux of the problem.
The same can be said for the alleged evolution of meiosis. That is still all speculation and as such doesn't belong in a science classroom. You cannot have sexual reproduction without meiosis. And seeing that natural selection and drift (blind and mindless processes) rely on trial and error it makes you wonder how those processes could have hit on meiosis. Did the first offspring of the first sexually reproducing populations have a full complement of both parents' DNA? If they did and survived then meiosis was required at that step. But think about the next generation and all the DNA those cells would carry. Sooner, rather than later, the cells would be overloaded with DNA.
That said, once sexual reproduction took hold it all but ended any hope of Common Descent (ie

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.582148
Retrieved Text: A strong performing piece of hardware, Radeon R9 390 XFX Double Dissipation 8GB Edition can still meet a lot of the game system requirements of modern games.
How many years will the Radeon R9 390 XFX Double Dissipation 8GB Edition graphics card play newly released games and how long until you should consider upgrading the Radeon R9 390 XFX Double Dissipation 8GB Edition in your PC? Its time to start researching your next graphics card upgrade as the Radeon R9 390 XFX Double Dissipation 8GB Edition is failing to meet modern day gaming system requirements. A gpu AAA lifespan of around 6-12 months.
Radeon R9 390 XFX Double Dissipation 8GB Edition is a Special Edition of AMD's High-End Radeon R9 390, created by XFX.
XFX Ghost Thermal 3.0 Technology: New Improved design, all new optimized fin arrays and lengthened electro plated heatpipes for unprecedented efficiency and performance. Play at your hearts content for hours on end with the comfort of knowing that your card is running cool and efficient.
Please login to add your score for Radeon R9 390 XFX Double Dissipation 8GB Edition Performance.
Please login to add your score for Radeon R9 390 XFX Double Dissipation 8GB Edition Lifespan.
Value score reflects how well the Radeon R9 390 XFX Double Dissipation 8GB Edition is placed with regards to its Price to Performance. This is an average score out of 10 left by our most trusted members.
Please login to add your score for Radeon R9 390 XFX Double Dissipation 8GB Edition Value.
600W would cut it, but it's a little bit of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.576397
Retrieved Text: TIME: Monday, March 26, 2012, 1:00 p.m.
The load-carrying and energy dissipation capacities of ultra-high performance concrete (UHPC) under dynamic loading are evaluated in relation to microstructure composition at strain rates on the order of 105 s-1 and pressures of up to 10 GPa. Analysis focuses on deformation and failure mechanisms at the mesostructural level. A cohesive finite element framework that allows explicit account of constituent phases, interfaces, and fracture is used. The model resolves essential deformation and failure mechanisms in addition to providing a phenomenological account of the effects of the phase transformation. Four modes of energy dissipation are tracked, including pressure-sensitive inelastic deformation, damage through the development of distributed cracks, interfacial friction, and energy released through phase transformation of the quartz silica constituent. Simulations are carried out over a range of volume fractions of constituent phases to quantify trends that can be used to design materials for more damage-resistant structures. Calculations show that the volume fractions of the constituents have more influence on the energy-dissipation capacity than the load-carrying capacity, inelastic deformation is the source of over 70% of the energy dissipation, and the presence of porosity changes the role of fibers in the dissipation process. The results also show that the phase transformation has a significant effect on the load-carrying and energy-dissipation capacities of UHPC for the conditions studied. Although transformation accounts for less than 2% of the total energy dissipation, the phase transformation leads to a two-fold increase in the crack density and yields nearly an 18% increase to the overall energy dissipation.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.552246
Retrieved Text: HR 672 is the most pioneering Amaran light we’ve built to date. It emits 4636.8 lumens of light, about equal to traditional 400W incandescent light. Also, no matter the shutter speed or FPS, it never flickers.
The HR672 is 32-mm-thin and about the same size as iPad. It’s lightweight and compact, but with 672 LED bulbs. It is 33% thinner than common LED lights and their geometric shape makes them easy to carry in groups. Its portability and power let you create and set the atmosphere in any environment.
Using 2.4G FSK technologies, the HR672 can adjust in brightness and color temperature (HR672C) wirelessly using a remote. The multiple channels and groups also ensure that several different lights can be controlled without interference or confusion. Control with precision even 100m away.
Designed for maximum heat dissipation, the HR672uses ventilation holes and unique technology to cool itself. Instead of using a cooling fan, we utilize natural heat dissipation, which is energy saving and safe. However, perhaps even more important, the HR672 is completely silent in operation.
Two methods can be used to power the HR672: AC adapter or lithium batteries. Batteries can be recharged (even one by one) while the HR672 is powered by adapter. We guarantee that either power system will keep the light constant and on-going. Meet your new most reliable light.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.542686
Retrieved Text: 2002-03-19 Assigned to INTEL CORPORATION reassignment INTEL CORPORATION ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST (SEE DOCUMENT FOR DETAILS). Assignors: DUJARI, PRATEEK J., LIAN, BIN, SEARLS, DAMION T., DISHONGH, TERRANCE J.
An iodine-containing thermal interface material disposed between a heat source and a heat dissipation device.
The present invention relates to apparatus and methods for removal of heat from electronic devices. In particular, the present invention relates to a thermal interface comprising an iodine-containing material.
Higher performance, lower cost, increased miniaturization of integrated circuit components, and greater packaging density of integrated circuits are ongoing goals of the microelectronic industry. As these goals are achieved, microelectronic dice become smaller. Accordingly, the density of power consumption of the integrated circuit components in the microelectronic device has increased, which, in turn, increases the average junction temperature of the microelectronic device. If the temperature of the microelectronic device becomes too high, the integrated circuits of the microelectronic device may be damaged or destroyed.
Various apparatus and techniques have been used and are presently being used for removing heat from microelectronic devices. One such heat dissipation technique involves the attachment of a heat dissipation device to a microelectronic device. FIG. 4 illustrates an assembly 200 comprising a microelectronic device 202 (illustrated as a flip chip) physically and electrically attached to a carrier substrate 204 by a plurality of solder balls 206. A back surface 216 of a heat dissipation device 208 may be attached to a back surface 212 of the microelectronic device 202 by a thermally conductive adhesive or solder 214. The heat dissipation device 208 may

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.50301
Retrieved Text: Mainly used for performance, meetings, exhibitions, weddings, foundation, started opening, promotion and other activities, the stage background structures, lighting and sound equipment and special effects equipment rental places.
Ultra Wide Angle of View: With 120°(h), 150°(v), It offers you clear and natural Images in all directions.
Extreme precision: When set up, the locks have a locate function by using locating tab to plug in the alignment boles and be connected through special snap joints. For the convenience of setting up, two handles are designed on the both sides. The flatness and seam splicing is less than 0.05mm.
Our casting aluminum cabinet is intendedly designed to be light and portable with each cabinet 7.5 weight and 80mm thick in order to simplify the installation and reduce the freight.
An expert Led rental display manufacturer specialized in R&D full color LED high definition display with ultra light weight, ultra slim, quick set-up seamless splicing, highly accurate color consistency, etc. So far, our products are extensively applied in sport stadium, stage show, ceremony gala, exhibition display, etc.
Die-Casting Aluminum Cabinet , Ultra light weight , Portable, Quick Set-Up.
Heat Dissipation Structure, high-performance Heat Dissipation, Fanless, Fully Slicent Operation.
High Refresh Rate, High Contrast, High Grey Scale, Bright Color.
Ultra Wide Angle of View , Large Viewing Areas.
Special Locks for Set up, Less than 0.5mm of Seam anWd flatness.
P6.67 Outdoor Rental Led Display High Performance ORL Series for Rental BusinessReference Proje..

================



======= Instance Index 155 =========
Input Text: The word "plenty" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: There was plenty of food for everyone.
Sentence 2: It must have cost plenty.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.63377
Retrieved Text: n 1: a full supply; "there was plenty of food for everyone"
plentiful harvest; a plentiful supply of water.
2. Yielding abundance; prolific; fruitful.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.034216
Retrieved Text: Susan Wilson 7 個月 前 “ Put this on your bucket list! What an experience. We were lucky enough to see 9 pods of Whales during the day. Mother and calf stayed close to the boat and we saw tail splashing, fin cooling and a magnificent breaching. The vessel was comfortable and had many amenities. Plenty of room to move around during the day. Skipper Keith kept us well informed regarding whale facts. Ivan and Dave provided magnificent food and there was plenty for everyone. Just book it!!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.904428
Retrieved Text: Read reviews about 108 World Buffet here! All reviews have been written by Quandoo users that have already booked and eaten at 108 World Buffet. We try to be as transparent as possible by providing you with real guest experiences. Find out what other diners are saying about 108 World Buffet.
Great food, good range of dishes and a really nice atmosphere in the restaurant. The puddings came in small portions, thought that was a good idea.
Food was good and there was plenty to choose from to suit everyone. But on slow side with serving the drinks but not a issue.
Overall was good. But we had to waiting too long for food. There were no dessert at all. Only icecream. Huge plus for drinks. Were delicious.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.896004
Retrieved Text: Posted December 25, 2015 : Featured, Front Page, News.
Over 400 families across Petrolia and Central Lambton will have a merrier Christmas after a local charity gave away over 700 boxes of food this week.
Christmas for Everyone took over the gymnasium of New Life Assembly for the culminating week of their campaign to give everyone in the community a good Christmas.
Sandra Hartman of Christmas for Everyone says volunteers packed boxes until Thursday when volunteers from fire departments in Petrolia, Warwick, Brooke-Alvinston, Dawn-Euphemia, Lambton Shores and Enniskillen as well as members of the Forest Rotary took over, delivering the food boxes across the region. They also delivered 400 bags of toys from the smallest of children to teens, many of whom will receive gift cards this year.
Hartman says each family received plenty of food for the Christmas period, but she says there isn’t as much left over at the Petrolia’s Food Bank to get the organization through the winter months.
“There was not as much food donated this year, by a significant amount,” says Hartman. “I don’t know if it was the weather or if it is people’s financial situations.
“Next year we’re going to try to work on Thanksgiving drives for Christmas for Everyone in the hopes of getting the word out sooner,” she says adding that might also increase the food stocks earlier as well. It’s just one of the organizational changes Hartman plans to make to try to make next year’s campaign run better.
Hartman and her volunteers put in long hours leading up to the Christmas event

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.861938
Retrieved Text: Just when you thought the food truck craze was slowing down, yet another event is on tap to satisfy your fix.
The 2nd annual Lincroft Eats Food Truck Festival will be held on Friday, June 16th, from 3:00 PM to 8:00 PM at Brookdale Community College. Dine on several great eats from several food trucks that’ll be parked in Lot 1, while also taking a break to check out some of the other cool vendors there.
Not only will there be plenty of food trucks to satisfy your cravings, but there will also be live music, craft vendors, a car show, and much more to experience. Admission is $5 for everyone at the door, but kids under 12 are free!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.833603
Retrieved Text: There was a choice of 3 soups and 8 puddings with plenty for everyone.
This parade service was well attended. The church was well decorated and Donnashowed us some of the problems experienced by country people in Africa and how Christian Aid was helping. Tins of food were brought for the leamington Night Shelter and money donated to Commitment for Life which works in 4 Areas through Christian Aid.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.753157
Retrieved Text: Omni is once again supporting Big Game viewing parties around the nation so you can experience the Big Game outside of the field. Get ready for the ultimate kick-off!
Photos from the Big Game events, we are so happy that you made it! Congratulations to all the raffle winners!
There was plenty of food to share at O’Connors Irish Pub and Grill in Clarksville during the big game! We are glad that you were able to make it.
With big screen HDTV’s, pool tables, dart boards, video games, a large patio, and fantastic food, the Fort Benning Brew Pub was the place to be this big game. The party was a big hit!
Three Pints Pub had plenty of TVs to view the game on, pool tables, and food for this big game party. We had a blast.
The big game at the Whistle Stop Tavern was a lot of fun. We enjoyed all the food and fun, we are glad we saw you there!
Watching the biggest game of the season at Sports USA on Fort Bragg was a blast. With eighteen 52″ TVs and eleven big screen TVs, we were up close and personal with the action. There was tons of food, games, and prizes that made this the most memorable game yet.
Gata’s Sports Bar & Grill was a great place to be this big game event. There was a lot of food and enjoyment with this game!
The wings are hot and the drinks are cold. Watching the big game on wall to wall flat screens at Buffalo Wild Wings

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.600714
Retrieved Text: It's great that a place like this has finally come to Milwaukee. When it first opened I thought it was a little over-rated (very crowded, not that much there) but I think it's improved quite a bit. I like to walk through and see all the great local products and pick some things up from several different places that I like that I'd otherwise have to drive all around the city for. There's pizza, bakery, chocolates, Mexican, Middle Eastern, seafood, soups, sushi, Hawaiian, wine, flowers, spices, salads...! So much good stuff. Grab food, everyone can get something different, and head upstairs to eat. There's plenty of seating upstairs and tvs showing food tv. In the summer there's a small outdoor farmer's market which is nice. Plenty of parking in this area too, with it being off the freeway it's super easy to get to.
*Big variety of casual food! *Go upstairs and grab a seat!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.578686
Retrieved Text: The different hotels allowed for different experiences in stays and local cuisine.
The buffets had a broad mix of local food and more common Western food. Having plenty of time allowed us to try the local delicacies and to relax.
Hiroko is the best guide ever! She made sure we saw many beautiful sights and took the best care of everyone. She is an amazing and very knowledgeable person. I wish she could be my guide again!
It was raining at Fushimi Inari Shrine. This allowed for better experience as not many people were there.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.578102
Retrieved Text: On September 6th 2015 St Mary’s Church, Cromford invited their Joint Benefice partner Holy Trinity Church Matlock Bath to an All Age Communion Service followed by a Bring and Share Lunch. The service was led by Richard Maltby and The Holy Trinity Music group and during the service Richard discussed and consolidated the series of sermons Luke Street, which followed the progression of our Lord through his meetings with the disciples and their connections with the people, and onward progression. We all had fun drawing on post it notes where we think we are in our own relationship with our Father and attached them to a diagram Richard and his wife Hilary had provided. There was a lovely friendly atmosphere with plenty of participation in the service, and all the children who attended made full use of the crèche and toys.
Following the service, the dishes that everyone had provided were carried out into the sunshine and amazingly filled four tables. There was plenty for everyone, it made us think of the Loaves and Fishes. It was a delight to be with such lovely company, in such wonderful surroundings on one of the sunniest afternoons we have had this year.
Thank you to everyone who provided food, help, and participated and made the day such a success.
Sue and her dear little Grandsons, Joshua and Harry.
Music Group Holy Trinity Church.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.50158
Retrieved Text: A recent jaunt around Lake Michigan was a textbook Roberts vacation. Plenty of burgers and BBQ were consumed and plenty of grocery stores were chalked up. Luckily, on some occasions, the supermarkets we encounter are healthy enough and pretty enough to keep everyone happy, and Fresh Thyme Farmer’s Market was just such an example. The store is in an up and coming area of Milwaukee, surrounded by the construction of new university buildings (I think) and plenty of apartment blocks. Perfect territory for a healthy food store that promises affordability alongside freshness and abundance.
Even before you walk in the place, there are some pleasing architectural touches (the water tower out front is lovely) that hint at some of the joys within. There’s plenty of focus on service and customer experience here: free produce for kids is well flagged at the front of the store and community engagement is communicated through bulletin boards devoted to charitable endeavours.
This is a pledge that is lived up to well – produce really is the fulcrum of the store, complemented by myriad counters and departments that come together to create an awesome proposition that is contained within a relatively modest footprint.
Highlights around the store’s perimeter include a growler bar and coffee shop (plus a seating area for both) and counters for sushi, pizza, meat, fish and salad. There are plenty of value-added services available at these counters, meaning that the store becomes a compelling destination for food-for-now and food-for-later as well as for a regular grocery trip.
The overall look and feel

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.416348
Retrieved Text: Thank you to everyone who was able to come to our Grand Opening and Ribbon Cutting on September 26! There was plenty of live music, dancing and kids running around–it truly felt like a family party, Jamaican style. I am so grateful to have the ability to share my family’s food with you. I am looking forward to cooking for all of Solano County.
All Photos by Jaimi Lynn Photography. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.255457
Retrieved Text: A good friendly restaurant with good value for money.
Need to turn heating down.
We ate at the Las Iguanas at the O2 before the Disney on Ice show. We had reserved a table for five and were seated straight away. It was very very busy and the food took a little while which we expected. The food was good and everyone enjoyed their meal. The staff were very pleasant and helpful in getting our meal in plenty of time for the show. Would visit there again.
Fast friendly and attentive service by waiter. Starters mains all good, dessert menu a little limited.
Small hiccup with slightly disagreeable front of house over delayed arrival due to m25 accident (which had been notified twice). Apology subsequently received.
Service not good, food was terrible. Waited ages for our order to be taken. When I told the waitress why the food hadn’t been touched she just shrugged.
((((( 9 mars 2018 av Dominic från .

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.243517
Retrieved Text: A selection of our finger buffet items. Please contact us to discuss your requirements.
I have worked with Just Good Food on several corporate events, so when it came to planning our own once-in-a-lifetime party I knew that I’d like Louise and her team on-board as our wedding caterers.
With Just Good Food we were able to talk through our ideas, as well as budgets, so that on our big day we had our dream menu.
Every detail was covered, we really couldn’t have asked for more. Professional yet relaxed serving staff looked after us.
Our guests raved about the food – from plenty of delicious canapés, to the most perfectly cooked rare beef fillet.
Just Good Food delivered and more.
Thank you for the delicious food and professional approach of your waiting staff. My husbands 40th birthday went with ease thanks to the lovely food and efficient service. I’ve recommended you to everyone there.
Thank you so much for your wonderful catering for our celebration on Sunday. The food was very well received; many of our guests commented on how much they enjoyed it. Please pass on our thanks to Helen too, and to your lovely staff who worked so hard and looked after us all so well.
I just wanted to say thank you for the food supplied to us on Friday. I was really pleased with the high quality and quantity of food and everyone commented on how delicious it was!
I would just like to say what a marvelous job your chef and waiter did. The food was fantastic and enjoyed

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.229584
Retrieved Text: Why not take a look at some of our latest testimonials to discover what previous customers have to say about the service, food and staff at Clean Cut Catering! Don’t forget you can also get your testimonial listed here by visiting our contact page and filling out the quick enquiry form with your comments.
"Will definitely use your company again"
The is the first time we have used your company for our Open Day. We were provided with a great choice of food delivered on time. The food was presented really well and the sandwiches were so fresh. We had a lot of comments from visitors on how lovely the food was. Will definitely use your company again and have no hesitation in recommending you in the future.
These guys stepped in at the last minute to cater for our 'Afternoon Tea' wedding after our other caterers let us down. Their service and sandwiches were superb. Would definitely recommend. Thank you so much.
What an amazing service. We had the Executive buffet with a few extras for my parents wedding anniversary celebration. The ordering was very straightforward. The food arrived on time. It was beautifully presented and tasted as good it looked. It was excellent value for money. This is the first time I have used caterers for a house party. I will now be using Clean Cut Catering for any future events. Thank you so much for making this a hassle free celebration. Beautiful food, excellent service, great value for money. What more can you ask for?!
To Tracey and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.200851
Retrieved Text: Rambling about the weekend, tonight, and the car.
There was much, much fun had over the weekend in Long Beach, WA. Well, at least when everyone got there. Having an overturned truck in Nisqually made one couple with two kids take 9 hours to get there. I'm glad they didn't explode. We had plenty of food and plenty of fun. The mosquitoes were a bit much but we were able to cope with them too. There was much more that I was going to say but it's just about sleep time and I've forgotten. It was nice for the car to wait until I was driving locally for it to break down rather than somewhere on 101. Fixed now though.
We played a new game tonight that just came in the mail. Primordial Soup is a wondrous and delightful game that's lots of fun. It was a bit long but it was worth it. I can't give much of a summary since I need sleep. See the review. Unfortunately, it's only a three or four player game but that's only until Autumn when a new expansion comes out.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.176935
Retrieved Text: Friday 16th June saw people from around the circuit gather at Great Ayton Methodist Church to say thank you to Becci, our circuit youth worker, and to wish her well as she moves away and gets married.
There was a 'bring and share' meal with plenty of savoury and sweet snacks. The star of the food table was a 'sorry you're leaving cake', which was decorated as a unicorn with pink and white flowers for the mane. Alongside the food, there was a chance to have a go at line dancing.
The evening included gifts and speeches. Revd Andrew Robinson presented a gift on behalf of the whole circuit and thanked Becci for her work in the circuit. Revd Lisa Quarmby presented gifts on behalf of Great Ayton, as Becci was a youth worker at Great Ayton before the job was widen out to include the rest of the circuit. Becci thanked everyone for coming and promised that she would be back to visit before too long.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.165623
Retrieved Text: THANKS TO ALL WHO ATTENDED THE HOLIDAY POTLUCK & ART SHARE. IT WAS A SUCCESS!
It was a pleasure to see everyone and their artwork. There was plenty of food and conversation. We had a great time connecting.
*If you have an event or exhibit that you would like posted, please send your information to wcadcorg.@gmail.com at least 14 days in advance.
WCADC WISHES YOU AND YOUR FAMILY A VERY HAPPY HOLIDAY AND NEW YEAR!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.133488
Retrieved Text: Christmas – What does it mean to you?
The day, the week and the holiday, is the biggest celebration in our year. It’s time to pull the cork on what makes this time of the year so important.
When I think of Christmas, I think of food. Usually, there would be heaps of it laid out like a huge banquet and family would be milling around laughing, and eating, and drinking, all at the same time. These wonderful people, part of my extended family, were always so incredibly jovial that it was intoxicating. You couldn’t help but want to join in on the happy energy that seemed to be fuelled by food and celebration.
When I was a child, we had two family gatherings to attend. Two parties in other words, and two distinctly different approaches to the ways of celebrating Christmas.
The out-laws on my mum’s side, were the rowdiest and most jovial. The food would be laid out like a huge banquet across several tables. Everyone would contribute to the feast and help themselves to the selection of food throughout the day. They’re a big family, so it was easier to have an all-day party where they could relax, have fun, spend time with each other, laugh way too loudly, and indulge in a smorgasbord of great food.
The in-laws on my Dad’s side were more conservative. There was a program for these lunch or dinner events and it would start with the exchange of gifts in the living room once everyone had arrived. There would be of-course, loads

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.121643
Retrieved Text: Overall, the party was fantastic. There were fourteen of us. I got the whole male/female ratio thing worked out with 7 girls and 7 guys. Everyone brought beer this time and everyone paid, which covered more than half the costs of the party. Almost everyone seemed to have a great time and pretty much everyone was pretty trashed. There were a few games of beer pong and a couple of rounds of shots throughout the night.
In the way of planning, there were only two issues. First, I need to go purchase a couple of more chairs. There were enough of chairs, but if just one more person came, someone would have been sitting Indian style. Second, and this was a biggy, the junk food went stale. It went stale after about an hour. I think it was because of the amount of people in the apartment, the temperature and humidity of the room went up. However, there was plenty of pizza, the dip that one of the couples brought was very popular, and so were the brownies that one of the girls brought. I suppose the solution will be to keep a few windows open next time.
I have scheduled the next party for September 6th and will try to make them a regular monthly event.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.113146
Retrieved Text: We are grateful to receive donations of food. Sharrow Marrow , Mr Pickles and Sheffield Abundance Project have all donated to past events. We are looking forward to receiving fruit and vegetables from Sheffield’s Seven Hills Bakery for future events. We have also been fortunate to benefit from generous donations from individuals. All food donations are used on the day, saved for future events or given out to members. All cash donations are used to fund future events.
We cook together and strive to create a family atmosphere in the kitchen and dining room. It is important to us that members are able to contribute to events without feeling undue pressure to do so. There is always plenty to do from cooking and preparing food, to washing up and cleaning, to joining in activities and chatting to each other – everyone is welcome in the group and everyone plays a part in making it what it is.
We love to be silly and mess around at OKSC. Many people are dealing with stressful situations in their daily lives. Support and assistance is available for members who are facing particular issues, but we also aim to create a space where people can leave their troubles behind for a few hours and laugh and enjoy themselves. There are always plenty of games and activities available, and something as simple as the snowman/Santa picture frame can get everyone so involved, it’s amazing any food gets cooked!
Hello there! Do you cater birthday parties? I would like to speak to someone about it

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.016077
Retrieved Text: Wetherby Food Festival is a great place to socialise with friends and family and there is plenty for everyone to enjoy. There will be a host of hot street food with food inspired from all of the globe.
Live music will feature on the main stage throughout the day. There will also be a choice of bars and a Man v Food competition daily which is a great watch. There is also free children's entertainment with dancing, singing, crafts, children's cookery classes, Birds of Prey demonstrations, a Gamezstation bus, as well as the funfair and bouncy castles.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.012075
Retrieved Text: The annual Newport Kite Festival was held in Newport on Saturday July 14th and Sunday July 15th. The weather was (almost) perfect, and the colorful kites and wonderful events kept the crowds entertained for the entire show. Brenton Point State Park is the perfect place for this event, with views for miles, plenty of parking, clean restrooms, and no shortage of wind!
There were a few vendors selling food, Del’s lemonade, and of course, kites!
Their were kite battles, candy drops, demonstrations and even kites set to music. It was a great time for everyone, and one more reason to Discover Rhode Island!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.008343
Retrieved Text: Oracle Band News and Information: New Years Party Location Confirmed - We're Back To La Fontaine Bleue!!!
New Years Party Location Confirmed - We're Back To La Fontaine Bleue!!!
That's right...it's official. Oracle is scheduled to return to La Fontaine Bleue for the 2011-2012 New Years Celebration on Saturday, December 31, 2011!
Last year's event, (or was it THIS year's event...it's so confusing sometimes), was an unqualified success. Over 700 people came out but there was still PLENTY of room on the dance floor.
﻿﻿﻿ Then there was the food. Wow! We don't have the details for the menu just yet...hey...the ink is barely dry on the contract. But, based on last year's seafood buffet feast, it is going to be incredible.
Of course we'll be having an open bar, champagne at midnight, and breakfast at 1:00, so it will be a full package.
This year is great in that New Years Eve falls on a Saturday, so EVERYONE will be able to have plenty of time to get rested up and gussied up to be ready to welcome 2012.
We'll keep everyone up to speed as to when tickets will be available and how much they are going to cost. We just wanted to make sure that everyone that had such a great time lest year know that we ARE returning. We'd like to thank the management and staff at La Fontaine Bleue for the wonderful treatment they have accorded us, and for their faith in the band and our fans to make for a fun filled evening.
We'll see you on NYE!!!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.909918
Retrieved Text: The 2018 MARC Annual Picnic was held at Potawatomi Park in South Bend. Volunteers were on site around 4:30 to get ready for the crowd. Members and their guests started arriving just before 6:00 pm and the Grillmaster, Pete Shaw, had Burgers and Dogs ready shortly thereafter. Everyone brought yummy dishes to share, so there was plenty of things to sample including fresh fruit and desserts. Everyone seemed to have had plenty to eat and were enjoying good conversation. Pete Shaw disappeared to go and hide a Fox Transmitter. When he returned several departed to attempt to locate it. Finally the hunters returned and reported that newcomer Brad Fields KD9KYD was the first to find it; it was Brad's first Fox Hunt!
Thanks go out to the Volunteers who made this event possible. They are Ray Dalgliesh, Pete Shaw, Mike and Ann Ciesiolka and Keith Wishmeier.
Thanks also to all the Members and their guests for coming out to support their club!!!
Pete Shaw (Pancake Pete) KB9ZRV Volunteered to do the grilling this year!
Members Bob Sumption W9RAS and wife Diane N8HJK, Keith Wishmeier WA9S and Wife Mary, and Rod Powell KC9NAS enjoying Food and Conversation.
Members Dan Caesar NI9Y, Jeff Wynegar KA9TOC and June Hill KC9IIC helping themselves to the many goodies on the food table.
Wives Janet Caesar, Mary Wishmeier. Rod Powell KC9RAS and Barry Keating WD4MSM.
Ed Carrico KC9NAT, then Bill Shaffer W9SUB and Mrs. Shaffer. With his back to the camera is Ray Dalgliesh KC9IHZ.
Dennis Whittaker KB9LTS. Brian Hoover N9LHM and Wife Donna. Pete Shaw KB9ZRV and Dave Rice

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.895477
Retrieved Text: The food is always great and the salad alone should convince anyone to visit!
This place is good but its expansive though. And that's something to always keep in mind.
One of the best restaurants in town. You only need watch how busy it gets to realize its worth.
We came to visit from out of town as a larger party of 7 - we experienced the best food of the entire trip here at Elliotts!
We have been to Elliotts plenty of times...and really have enjoyed ourselves from the very beginning. Kaleigh was awesome and she is truly destined for greatness!
Great family owned and operated food establishment just outside the Village of Pinehurst. Price reflects the top-quality ingredients, so worth the higher price tag.
The waitress I believe her name is Kaylee, but she is sweet and attentive. I loved the food, atmosphere, and the staff was sweet.
The food and service at Elliott's On Linden is always exceptional. I would recommend anyone that hasn't been there to give them a try.
Delicious food, everything was excellent. Our waitress Madison was great. Very professional. We will definitely be back in the future.
I always get great service at Elliotts and I can't thank them enough for making it such a great place to have a good time.
This business is the coolest center part of the village. Not only is the food good but everyone knows everyone. Its a Happy place where you can get a great burger or the best breakfast in town. Not to be missed!
misrepresentation of fish. grouper isn't grouper. false

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.87381
Retrieved Text: Join us for a wonderful afternoon of family fun. Bring your own food, or choose from one of our delicious food vendors. This week’s picnic will be held in the plaza with outdoor games, water fountains and a mud kitchen! There will be plenty of fun to keep everyone entertained.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.87257
Retrieved Text: Home Conferences Good Morning from Vegas!
Howdy everyone! Beautiful weather today in Vegas – the sky is blue and the mountains are gorgeous.
Yesterday consisted of walking the tradeshow and meeting up with other IMA members at the Hospitality Suite. I think just about everyone was there, or so it seemed from the roar! The Events Committee did an excellent job making sure there was plenty of food and drinks for everyone.
I met a gentleman from TalkMarket last night and discussed their marketing strategy. It sounds like they have a great concept with video listings being marketed to hotel guests. We will learn more today at their presentation.
Steve introduced me to Kimberly Maul, writer and editor of MerchandEYES Blog, the officisal ASD/AMD blog. We are discussing linking our two blogs in order to bring more information to readers of both blogs.
Today will be a busy day with more tradeshow walking in the morning and then seminars in the afternoon. I will post again tomorrow morning with information from the seminars.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.86506
Retrieved Text: Well we had our catalog launch open house on Saturday. If you weren't able to make it, we did miss you and wish you had been there to join in on the fun! We played a few games, and it was quite fun to see everyone attempt to draw their Hawaiian Island with their eyes closed (insert giggle). We played a couple of other games, had prizes for all and a drawing for the door prize which was a card kit. We had lots of food and plenty of card samples for everyone to peruse.
More than anything, there was lots of laughs, time spent with great friends and LOTS of drooling over all the wonderful product offerings in the new 2016-2017 Annual catalog. We really wish you could have been there.
Now that you have had a chance to look through the catalog, which new stamp set is on your MUST have list? Let us know in the comments below, we would love to here what you must have.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.780827
Retrieved Text: We’ve selected the best Jacksonville caterers as rated by ezCater customers. Start here to find a caterer in Jacksonville for your next meeting or event. And yes, all caterers take orders online, and they all deliver!
I ordered the boxed lunches and everything was perfect! The staff loved it!
Always on time and good quality food. Enjoyed it.
Pretty good. Plenty of food for everyone.
They loved it but not enough sides for the price. Also not enough plates. But everyone was very happy.
PJs is always reliable and good. Never have to worry about late food or a bad review with these guys.
This breakfast buffet was so good! Went over very well for an early morning meeting.
Explore more catering options in Jacksonville.

================



======= Instance Index 628 =========
Input Text: The word "hour" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: We live an hour from the airport.
Sentence 2: It was their finest hour.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.709383
Retrieved Text: If you’re using Telegram messenger, you may try our bot to access certain SpotterLead features right from your messenger!
Get info about an airport and its location.
Get METAR for an airport and its location.
Get nearest arrivals and departures to/from an airport.
Flight status subscription (updates on flight status and times will be sent automatically to you).
Type /about X, where X – IATA or ICAO code of the airport, and press Send.
Type /metar X, where X – IATA or ICAO code of the airport, and press Send.
Type /departures X, where X – IATA or ICAO code of the airport, to get departures and press Send.
Type /arrivals X, where X – IATA or ICAO code of the airport, to get arrivals and press Send.
Both of these commands return a list of flights starting from -30 minutes till +1 hour from the current moment.
Type X, where X – flight number, and press Send.
Response will contain flight information about the nearest flight with the number specified (if tracked).
/unsubscribe X, where X – is the flight number.
Only flights tracked live may be a subject of subscription. Flights containing scheduled information only may not be followed.
Not more than 3 subscriptions is possible at one time.
Updates may be delivered with a delay.
Please keep in mind that all the information provided by Telegram bot is retrieved from open sources. We do not own this data, neither we guarantee its correctness and consistency!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.676998
Retrieved Text: The western region includes airports located in Gujarat , Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh.The airport currently han-dles around 4,000 passengers per day. It has capacity to handle 500 domestic passengers per hour and 250 international passengers per hour. Going by the current numbers, we will be handling 11 lakh passengers this year,” said Singh. VADODARA: Vadodara airport has figured at second position in western region in the customer satisfaction index (CSI) as per a survey conducted by a private agency on behalf of the Airports Authority of India (AAI).Also, the airport has also been listed at fourth position at all-India level in the survey of 51 airports done between July and December 2018.In terms of all-India position, the airport’s ranking has improved from 11th position last year. “We have crossed 1 million yearly passenger mark now.
Stay updated with all the Latest Vadodara headlines here. For more exclusive & live news updates from all around India, stay connected with NYOOOZ.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.649853
Retrieved Text: Has anyone used the Ruta 4 Metrobuses? From reading the site and their map, it says that the buses run in both directions. Yet looking at a map, the streets on which they travel are one way. To me, it seems that the buses on the southern route head toward the airport, while those on the northern route head away.
We do indeed use Line 4--in fact, we just used it today. Joaquinx, your take on how it runs is incorrect. It's the NORTH route that goes to San Lázaro and the airport and back, and the SOUTH route that wends its way through the Centro Histórico and back.
And yes, both lines go both directions. A couple of weeks ago I thought I would take the SOUTH route to Mercado la Merced and then the NORTH route from there back to the part of the city where I was going next, but I ended up taking the SOUTH route both ways. It's hard to envision how it's set up until you actually ride the Metrobús, but it is very ingenious.
From our home in la Condesa, we get on Line 1 going north, get off at Buenavista, and transfer to Line 4 to go wherever we want to go that it goes. Today we went on Line 4 from Buenavista to Isabel la Católica, walked three blocks up Isabel la Católica and met friends at a Centro Histórico restaurant for comida. It's easy, and transferring from line to line is free. We took a taxi home.
Cost difference: Metrobús

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.61504
Retrieved Text: Canam Limo committed to providing Airport Limo service in St. Catharines, Ontario.
We offer Toronto Airport Limo Service and Buffalo Airport Limo Service from St. Catharines in Lincoln Town Car sedans, 6 Passenger Luxury SUV’s and 6 Passenger Stretch Limos, 10 Passenger Stretch Limos and 14 Passenger Stretch SUV Limos offering Low fares. Airport Limo Service from St. Catharines to Lester B. Pearson International Airport and Airport Limo Service to Buffalo Niagara International Airport is available right from your door step. Canam Limo provides Limo Service in St. Catharines 24 hours a day 365 days a year.
Toronto Pearson Airport is about 110 Kilometers from St. Catharines and it takes approximately 1 hour and 30 minutes for this trip depending on the weather and traffic conditions.
Buffalo Niagara International Airport is about 70 Kilometres from St. Catharines and it takes approximately 1 hour for this trip depending on weather, traffic and waiting time at border.
Below are out Limo Fares from St. Catharines to Toronto Airport and Limo Fares from St. Catharines to Buffalo Airport.
If you don’t live in St. Catharines and you would like to know a fare from your city or township near St. Catharines, Please visit our Price List page for detailed information on Limo fares from cities in South Western Ontario. If your city or township is not listed on our price list page please call us at 1-866-976-3676 with your pickup address and we will provide you the fare for the limo service from your area.
Other than St. Catharines Airport Limo service, Canam Limo also

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.542551
Retrieved Text: Bus rental in Angouleme with a local company. Coach hire in Angouleme with local drivers. Rent a bus in Cognac, La Rochefoucauld, Birac Bellevue also. Free quote.
About 42.000 people live in Angouleme. The major event taking place in Angouleme since 1974 is the International Comic Strip Festival, many groups visit Angouleme in January to attend this famous event. The groups renting a bus with us in Angouleme visit the romanesque St Peter cathedral and Comic Strip museum. We also hire bus shuttles for conferences taking place at the Espace Carat in Angouleme, feel free to contact to get a free quote.
You may come to Angouleme by TGV (the train station is in the city centre) from Bordeaux or Paris. The closest airports are Limoges airport and Poitiers Biard airport (1.40 hour away by coach), it’s also possible to fly to Bordeaux Merignac airport (2 hours away by bus), or Bergerac airport (2.20 hour by coach).

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.396513
Retrieved Text: In addition to Crossrail being fully operational in 2019, routes into Heathrow from London Waterloo and Slough are also expected to become a reality. There are also plans to give those in the vicinity of the airport free travel.
Surface access manager for Heathrow, Mitchell Sterling, who lives in Reading, was positive about the changes being made to the airport.
Are you expecting Crossrail to improve your commute? Let us know what you think in the comments section below .
By 2040 the team at Heathrow expect to treble the capacity of the rail network into the airport.
Mr Sterling said: "Crossrail will be a game changer. It will allow people not just from London to get into the airport."
Once Crossrail launches passengers should be able to get from Reading to the train station underneath Terminal Five in under half and hour.
The importance of public transport to Heathrow Airport should not be understated, as explained in the video, in the last 25 years the number of passengers coming into Heathrow Airport has risen by about 80 per cent.
Despite this the numbers coming by car have remained broadly the same.
Mr Sterling himself travels into work each day on public transport.
He said: "I live in Reading with my wife now. The public transport allows me to live in Reading and work in London.
"We both lived in London and before that in Glasgow, we&apos;re used to not having a car.
"[The public transport] absolutely allows us to live in Reading and not need a car."

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.394133
Retrieved Text: If you have to travel to or from Perth Airport, Sixt mydriver can provide a skilled and experienced driver to do the job quickly and reliably. Choose from a wide range of premium cars or minibus options and relax knowing we will take care of the rest.
Perth Airport may be fairly central, but getting from the terminal to city centre hotels can take over an hour at peak times. Don't get caught in the traffic. Instead, choose an airport shuttle in Perth with Sixt mydriver and we will supply a local driver who will use the fastest route to your hotel. Just specify your flight number and your drive will meet you at the arrivals gate. There's no need to worry about payment on arrival since everything is arranged online before you fly, making your airport transfer as easy as possible.
Whether you need to catch flights out of Australia or to domestic destinations, we can get you to the airport with plenty of time to spare. Whether you live in distant northern suburbs like Joondalup or down south in Rockingham, we cover every part of Perth. Travellers can choose the right vehicle from our premium transportation range, and pickups in Perth can be arranged 24-hours a day. Our drivers will even help you with luggage to make the transfer smoother. If you need any assistance, just give our team a call, and we will find an arrangement that allows you to make your plane whenever you need to fly.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.293877
Retrieved Text: Being the leading Canterbury Airport taxis company, OnTime Cars has become the favourite Canterbury taxis to and from Luton Airport for airport travellers. Our state-of-the-art taxis Canterbury services mainly include taxi from Canterbury to Luton Airport (LU2 9LY), taxis from Luton Airport to Canterbury, and airport taxis to and from Canterbury to Luton Airport.
Getting to and from Luton Airport to Canterbury is quite affordable as OnTime Cars has carefully allocated the lowest possible rates to all Canterbury to Luton taxis services.
To ease passengers at best, we deliver taxi services in business class cars. We are also affiliated with Luton Borough Council (LU2 7SF) and Canterbury City Council (CT1 1YW).
Download OnTime Cars’ mobile app to book Canterbury taxis to Luton Airport with just one tap on the app. Get exciting deals, updates, weekly discounts and so much more. Once booked, you will receive complete journey details and a live track-and-trace link. You can download our mobile app from Google and Apple store.
London Luton Airport (LU2 9LY) is one of the few airports in the UK that are recognised as veteran airports. It was an RAF airfield during the second world war. Luton Airport is the fifth busiest airport in the UK. It has one terminal that over 15 million passengers use for national and international travelling. Travellers can avail spacious Luton Airport Parking, excellent Luton Airport shopping centre, sumptuous Luton Airport hotels in surrounding and much more. OnTime Cars offers cheap Canterbury Airport taxis to and from Luton Airport 24/7.
Booking a taxi to and from Luton Airport

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.258171
Retrieved Text: Some maintenance and engineering personnel were scheduled to shut down on Tuesday, April 16, the southern runway of DXB to commence a 45-day major refurbishment project, leaving Dubai’s main airport with just a single operational airstrip.
The maintenance works have prompted airlines to implement capacity cuts or move a number of flights to DWC, which is expected to see a 700 per cent surge in traffic, as a result. DWC is located approximately 50 kilometres from Dubai World Trade Centre.
As early as 10am, the second airport started seeing a surge in passenger traffic, with long queues already forming at the check-in counters.
Considering the location of the alternative airport in Jebel Ali, passengers have been advised to plan their trip and arrive at the terminal at least three hours prior to their departure to avoid delays. Some passengers interviewed by Gulf News, however, said they welcome the shift, citing that the DWC airport is more convenient for them.
Raja Muthupandi, who was dropping off his wife and son at DWC, said the new airport is closer to their residence in Abu Dhabi. “This airport, compared to Dubai International, is very near to [our place] that’s why I feel its’s good for me,” the Indian expatriate who works as a technician for an airline, told Gulf News.
Another UAE resident, Shahul Hameed, who was dropping off his travelling family, said they actually saved about 15 to 45 minutes’ travel time to get to the new airport. “ We live in Abu Dhabi, so this airport is very convenient for us. We

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.141153
Retrieved Text: Whether you want to light up your life with the Blackpool Illuminations, walk the Lake District Fells or dance the night away in Manchester, you can find the best car hire at Manchester Airport with Skyscanner.
There are eight car hire companies with desks at Manchester Airport: Europecar, Enterprise, Hertz, Sixt, Avis and Budget are all located in the Car Rental Village at Manchester Airport on the Ringway road while Thrifty, Easirent and Arnold Clark are located just on the outskirts of the airport - so you don’t need to go far to pick up your car.
Thankfully it is easy to fill up your hire car with petrol at any time of day or night thanks to the 24 hour Texaco garage that is located just one minute by car from the airport. Head southwest on the Ringway Road out of Manchester Airport, left onto Outwood Lane and take the fifth exit on the roundabout. The garage will be on the right hand side.
Manchester Airport is well connected to the region’s main roads. The outer ring road Manchester is the M60 and is accessible from Leeds and Liverpool by the M62 and from Scotland and the south of England by the M6. The M60 orbital road is the best option for accessing the northern part of Greater Manchester.
We’ve put together a quick guide on getting to the most popular destinations from Manchester Airport.
Blackpool Pleasure Beach promises all the fun of a seaside holiday from dazzling illuminations, fairground rides and family entertainment to walks on the Promenade with

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.081364
Retrieved Text: The London Borough of Croydon is situated in the south part of Greater London. Croydon is mostly residential but lately, it became the second largest shopping destination outside London. The Croydon contains many parks, finance areas, lots of businesses and street markets which make it the most happening place to live in. Croydon (CR0 – CR9) to and from Stansted Airport Taxi service is provided by Express Cars.
Stansted Airport is situated outside London on the North East way of London. The airport is about 50 miles from Croydon and it takes approximately 1 hour and 20 minutes to get to the airport by taxi via M11. This Airport is the base for most of the European budget flights travelling to the UK.
Express Cars offer Croydon (CR0 – CR9) to and from Stansted Airport taxi services as per your need and 24/7. Our aim is to provide you with the support and the excellent standard of service at all times. As we work round the clock we are always ready to pick up or drop you off to the Stansted Airport. Regardless of how you contact us and at what time you contact us we will always be there to serve you.
Express Cars provides a range of vehicles for you to choose from, whether you need a saloon car, Estate, 6-seater, 7-seater OR 8-seater we are just a call away 365 days a year. If your journey is to or from any airport in UK, please type in the search or select it from the drop down

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.923836
Retrieved Text: Reservations for trips going to O'Hare or Midway Airport.
Please use the link above to make a convenient online reservation. We advise that you leave most parts of Aurora at least 21/2 hours prior to flight departure and 3 hours prior to flight departure from areas west of the Fox River/ South of Hafenrichter.
During rush hour and/or bad weather, please add up to an additional hour for travel. Once your reservation is submitted, our system will automatically acknowledge your reservation. We will follow up via email and/or phone if we need additional details about your trip to O'Hare or Midway airport. Otherwise rest assured that we have your reservation.
Our driver will inform you that the driver is on his/her way to pick you up about 10-15 minutes prior to your pickup time. For rates, please consult our frequently updated Airport Flat Rates page.
Reservations for trips from O'Hare or Midway Airport.
Please use the link above to make an online reservation for pickup at O'Hare airport or Midway airport.. For pickups at either airport, the following information is required.
Once your reservation is submitted, our system will automatically acknowledge your reservation. We will follow up via email and/or phone if we need additonal details about your trip from O'Hare airport or Midway airport. Otherwise rest assured that we have your reservation.
Our driver will initiate contact at the airport by leaving your cell phone a text/sms message or a voicemail. You can inform the driver directly when you are ready for pickup at the airport with your luggage. In case you

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.910263
Retrieved Text: 16 Kms from Thivim Railway Station, 32 Kms from Airport and 55 Kms from Margao Railway Station..
One hour Boat Cruise with live entertainment on River Mandovi.
Airport / Margao/ Vasco transfer Rs. 1000/- extra.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.906818
Retrieved Text: In need of an airport transfer to or from Luton Airport? With prices starting from only ₤40.00* there is no need to look any further, as Twelve Transfers is an expert in airport transfers, offering a wide range of services to choose from. With over 6 years experience in the London transport and minicab business, you can rest assured that your journey will be handled by professionals and planned to the last detail.
Consider ourselves the missing link between you and your destination, but imagine all this being done in a reliable and comfortable way. Too good to be true? We undertake journeys on a daily basis for our many customers, which involve transfers to and from Luton Airport and it’s surroundings.
We aim to offer our customers only but the best services and it is our goal to improve the end product we sell with each and every airport, port or regular transfer. Saying this, it is our commitment to ensure you too receive a reliable and quality airport transfer to or from Luton Airport, should you decide to use our services.
Twelve… more than just a Luton Airport transfer.
Getting on time to the airport or heading back home after a long trip is the first thing on mind when travelling by plane. Luton Airport offers a number of transport alternatives to London or other locations, but if you want to rest in peace that you’ll arrive or depart from the airport on time, get there safe, while comfort and your pocket won’t be jeopardised, we recommend you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.835474
Retrieved Text: The Turtle Bay Resort on Hawaii’s North Shore in Oahu is the ideal spot for a three-day weekend getaway especially if you live in Los Angeles, like I do. We booked a 850 square foot beach cottage and it was scrumptious. It featured an amazing ocean view/access, private lanai, king-size bed, jacuzzi-tub, plasma TV, wet-bar and great sound system.
We flew United from LAX to Honolulu International Airport in Oahu. the flight was about five hours.
Arrived at Honolulu Airport , rented a car at Advantage.
Drove the scenic hour and a half ride to the North Shore, and checked into our beautiful cottage just in time for the Friday night luau.
Relaxed in the jacuzzi tub with a glass of Moet with a splash of chambord and some complimentary island fruit the hotel delivered to our door when we checked in.
Went to bed and fell asleep to the rhythmic sound of the crashing waves outside.
Flew home relaxed and energized.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.797472
Retrieved Text: A modern Stansted Airport hotel with secure parking, a restaurant, free Wi-Fi and breakfast included.
Holiday Inn Express® London - Stansted Airport hotel is a five-minute shuttle ride from the departure terminal. It's two miles from the M11 motorway, so you can drive to Cambridge in about 40 minutes and to central London in less than an hour. Regular direct trains from Stansted Airport station reach London in 45 minutes and Cambridge in around half an hour.
Half an hour's drive away, you can explore the medieval colleges of Cambridge University. Chelmsford City Racecourse is less than 20 minutes away by car. The shops, cinemas and restaurants of the enormous Westfield Stratford City shopping centre are 40 minutes away via the M11.
You can host meetings for up to 70 people in the hotel's five modern conference rooms. There's free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel and secure on-site parking. Addenbrooke's Hospital and the many medical companies in Cambridge are less than 40 minutes' drive away.
Kickstart your day from 4am onwards with an inclusive Express Start Breakfast featuring beans, scrambled eggs and sausages. Unwind in the gym, watch live football on screens in the sports bar or treat yourself to rotisserie chicken in the Great Room restaurant. You can print your boarding pass in the lobby before flying.
The Hotel restaurant is located on site, offering a varied new menu including healthier and vegetarian options. The restaurant has an outside seating area, with a sports bar being at one end, which offers 6 TV screens, showing various sporting events. Due to the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.79296
Retrieved Text: We are a car rental company available at MBS International Airport.
Pick up service is also available one hour after location opening and up to one hour prior to location closing.
Available with a one hour advance notice and within 15 minutes from the Hertz Local Edition location. Once your reservation is booked, the location will call or email you at the phone number or email address provided to confirm pick up service. Airport concession agreements do not permit Hertz to offer Pick Up and Return Service at airport locations. Hertz is prohibited from providing Pick Up and Return Service if you arrive at an airport- either from the Hertz airport location or from any Hertz off airport location. Any reservations made for pick up service at an airport location cannot be honored for pick up.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.56214
Retrieved Text: Take a Virtual Tour of the hotel. Welcome to Holiday Inn Express Louisville East is located off of I-265 exit-32, on Chamberlain Lane & Westport Road interchange, where our guests find Consistent Quality Service. We offer complimentary Deluxe Continental Breakfast with Hot Items, Heated Indoor Pool, Whirlpool, Fitness Center, Meeting facility up to 40 people. Convenient access to Ford Plant, local shopping, dining, area businesses & Churchill Downs, home of the Kentucky Derby. Free 24 hour coffee & tea in... Citeste mai mult the lobby, 24 hour front desk. With our 100% satisfaction guarantee & Priority Club Rewards, is the right hotel for all your business & leisure needs. We are just minutes from Downtown Louisville, 4th Street Live, Caesar's Riverboat Casino, Kentucky Fair and Exposition Center, Cardinal Stadium, University of Louisville Campus, E. P. Tom Sawyer Park, Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom, and Louisville International Airport, Airport Code SDF. Whether in town for business or pleasure we can meet and exceed your needs. With our central convenient location, your just minutes from restaurants and entertainment. We offer Complimentary High Speed Wired & Wireless Internet Access in Rooms, Lobby, Meeting Room, Breakfast Area & Business Center. This hotel is committed to providing accessible facilities under the American Disabilities Act. If your accessibility needs are not met, please contact the Hotel Manager on Duty. Should you require additional information regarding accessible facilities for guests with disabilities, please call 1-800-Holiday (U. S. and Canada) or contact the hotel directly. For the hearing impaired, TDD service is available at 1-800-238-5544

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.561174
Retrieved Text: BWI Airport Marriott welcomes you with comfort, style and award-winning service. Ideally situated just one mile from Baltimore/Washington Thurgood Marshall Airport, our hotel offers complimentary shuttle service to and from the terminals, eliminating the stress of travel. All of our spacious rooms and suites feature deluxe pillowtop mattresses, comfortable workspaces, high-speed internet access and coffee/tea makers. Additional hotel perks include a fitness center, a heated indoor pool and even a ping pong table. Enjoy a variety of dining options, from fresh seafood at Chesapeake to relaxed American cuisine and multiple flat-screen TVs at Champions Sports Bar & Restaurant - as well as the vibrant Day/Night Bar, which serves Starbucks® coffee. Our expansive event venues can accommodate meetings and celebrations of up to 1,500 people; if you&apos;re interested in exploring, we&apos;re a short drive from downtown Baltimore, as well as Maryland Live! Casino and UMBC. We look forward to your visit at BWI Airport Marriott.
Join us for Happy Hour at our newly remodeled Champions Sports Bar & Restaurant.
Let our planning and catering teams help you organize an unforgettable event; we&apos;ll assist with venue selection, menus, room blocks and more.
In addition to complimentary service to and from BWI Airport, our hotel shuttle also provides free transportation to the nearby Baltimore Light Rail.
Check email for free and gear up for another exciting day in the Baltimore area at Day/Night Bar, which serves your favorite Starbucks® drinks.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.557838
Retrieved Text: Manchester Airport say they want to introduce direct services to major cities like Bangkok, Los Angeles and Beijing – which could mean millions of passengers a year not having to travel to London to fly. The airport’s chief commercial officer Ken O’Toole says 22 million people live within a 2-hour drive of Manchester Airport – the same catchment as Heathrow. But each year some 4 million of those travel to London airports, mainly because Manchester does not have direct services to some major cities. Manchester has opened new routes to cities such as Washington, Warsaw and Las Vegas this year. Mr O’Toole said 100,000 people within Manchester’s catchment area were flying to Hong Kong each year from London airports, as well as 60,000 to Beijing, 113,000 to Bangkok, 60,000 to Lahore, 50,000 to Delhi and 70,000 to Mumbai. Manchester Airport will next year launch a ‘Fly Manchester’ campaign, promoting their routes, especially to the Far East.
Manchester Airport has revealed ambitious plans to win back millions of passengers a year from London airports.
Bosses say they want to introduce direct services to major cities like Bangkok, Los Angeles and Beijing.
That could mean millions of passengers a year not having to travel to London to fly.
The airport’s chief commercial officer Ken O’Toole says 22m people live within a two-hour drive of Manchester Airport – the same catchment as Heathrow.
But four million of those are travelling to London airports each year, mainly because Manchester does not have direct services to some major cities.
He told the M.E.N. that the airport had

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.547634
Retrieved Text: Located just fifteen minutes from Costa Rica’s international airport and five minutes from downtown San Jose, the Best Western Irazú is characterized by its Best Friendly Costa Rican Atmosphere: comfortable, lively and entertaining. A wide variety of events and services make the Irazú Hotel the perfect place for vacationers and business executives alike.
Guests can enjoy complimentary: 24 Hour coffee served in the lobby, while “La Cantina” bar offers , one hour of open bar from 5pm to 6pm, a pool view and live music, with a wide variety of local and international drinks from 10:00 a.m. to midnight and transportation from the hotel to the airport on a scheduled basis, local calls and Internet access..
Other services include an outdoor pool, lighted tennis court, sauna, massage service ($30), one of Costa Rica’s largest casinos, souvenir shop and nearby shopping center. Various conference rooms will host over 500 people for seminars and meetings.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.508532
Retrieved Text: ✅ Verified Review | Quito is a clean airport which I used for both domestic and International flights. Great security, free internet. Shopping and dining is expensive for a Latin American country. Check-in works fine with modern equipment. They have an annoying system of paying 2 dollars for a trolley.
"space for queues is limited"
Small airport and with almost no seats before airline check in. Counter check in / line only available to ticketed passengers. Be ready to show passport and boarding pass physical or electronic ticket or Web check in. Space for queues is limited so it could be crowded especially if there's another airline during check in process in the same area. Restaurants for general public in another building outside the airport. Almost nothing once you clear security and emigration. Only one very simple paid lounge. No courtesy lounges for Airlines.
"the airport itself is quite modern"
When you get off the plane at Quito Mariscal Airport, you are greeted with a stunning view of the mountains. The staff are all very friendly, and the airport itself is quite modern. While there aren't tonnes of bars and restaurants like the airports at home in Britain, it doesn't matter. Because the facilities are satisfactory, and the staff behave the way staff should. I arrived in Quito after transit in Panama (which was a total dump with extremely rude staff) so to arrive in my final destination (where I now live) and to be greeted to my new country in such a friendly manner by immigration and customs was

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.430239
Retrieved Text: Canam Limo committed to providing Airport Limo service in Oakville, Ontario.
We offer Toronto Airport Limo Service and Buffalo Airport Limo Service from Oakville in Lincoln Town Car sedans, 6 Passenger Luxury SUV’s and 6 Passenger Stretch Limos, 10 Passenger Stretch Limos and 14 Passenger Stretch SUV Limos offering Low fares. Airport Limo Service from Oakville to Lester B. Pearson International Airport and Airport Limo Service to Buffalo Niagara International Airport is available right from your door step. Canam Limo provides Limo Service in Oakville 24 hours a day 365 days a year.
Toronto Pearson Airport is about 40 Kilometers from Oakville and it takes approximately 30 minutes for this trip depending on the weather and traffic conditions.
Buffalo Niagara International Airport is about 140 Kilometres from Oakville and it takes approximately 1 hour and 30 minutes for this trip depending on weather, traffic and waiting time at border.
Below are out Limo Fares from Oakville to Toronto Airport and Limo Fares from Oakville to Buffalo Airport.
If you don’t live in Oakville and you would like to know a fare from your city or township near Oakville, Please visit our Price List page for detailed information on Limo fares from cities in South Western Ontario. If your city or township is not listed on our price list page please call us at 1-866-976-3676 with your pickup address and we will provide you the fare for the limo service from your area.
Other than Oakville Airport Limo service, Canam Limo also offers Oakville Wedding Limo Service, Prom Limo Service in Oakville, Night

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.425941
Retrieved Text: This freaks me out a little bit since I live so close to an airport.
Speaking of Airports, the Bob Hope Airpot Curfew Study Workshop is today, April 14th, from 3 pm to 7 pm in the Skyroom at the airport. According to burbankairport.com "The workshop will run continuously for the four-hour period and will include recorded presentations, availability of study reference materials, access to Study consultants and Airport staff, and the opportunity to record comments for the public record during the current 45-day public comment period. Parking will be validated for workshop attendees." I wish I could go, but I have a meeting at work I can't get out of. I'll just have to read about it in the papers.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.388891
Retrieved Text: Canam Limo committed to providing Airport Limo service in Ingersoll, Ontario.
We offer Toronto Airport Limo Service and Buffalo Airport Limo Service from Ingersoll in Lincoln Town Car sedans, 6 Passenger Luxury SUV’s and 6 Passenger Stretch Limos, 10 Passenger Stretch Limos and 14 Passenger Stretch SUV Limos offering Low fares. Airport Limo Service from Ingersoll to Lester B. Pearson International Airport and Airport Limo Service to Buffalo Niagara International Airport is available right from your door step. Canam Limo provides Limo Service in Ingersoll 24 hours a day 365 days a year.
Toronto Pearson Airport is about 140 Kilometres from Ingersoll and it takes approximately 1 hour and 30 Minutes for this trip depending on the weather and traffic conditions.
Buffalo Niagara International Airport is about 210 Kilometres from Ingersoll and it takes approximately 2 hours and 30 minutes for this trip depending on weather, traffic and waiting time at border.
Below are out Limo Fares from Ingersoll to Toronto Airport and Limo Fares from Ingersoll to Buffalo Airport.
If you don’t live in Ingersoll and you would like to know a fare from your city or township near Ingersoll, Please visit our Price List page for detailed information on Limo fares from cities in South Western Ontario. If your city or township is not listed on our price list page please call us at 1-866-976-3676 with your pickup address and we will provide you the fare for the limo service from your area.
Other than Ingersoll Airport Limo service, Canam Limo also offers Ingersoll Wedding Limo Service, Prom Limo Service

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.384993
Retrieved Text: The start of July kept the team at Eventco busy with the production requirements of this years Gold Coast Airport Marathon and supporting events. Months of pre planning enabled seamless management of the exhibition, gala dinner, lunches and on course production requirements. Eventco's MD directed the live sporting coverage during a "marathon" eight hour webcast and big screen broadcast. Check out the Gold Coast Airport Marathon website for links to the live coverage. Partnering with top of class RF digital camera link supplier BNC, Eventco presented three roving cameras, two static and two on–board helicopter cameras proving a new benchmark in the sports presentation for this prestige race.
The audio production of the two day festival was once again managed by Eventco, utilising some of the best operators and systems available in co-operation with ELS. Early mornings are something that is often a polar opposite to our industry, yet once again under the watchful eye of Jim, Greg & Dave, the competitors and spectators enjoyed the impact of well balanced sound coverage across the entire site. We trust the visiting African Commonwealth Games Delegation enjoyed the Gold Coast Airport Marathon as much as we did! Fingers crossed for November's announcement of the Commonwealth Game Bid. This year saw an additional supply of three LED screens across the Gold Coast enabling the delivery of the ASICS initiative - Run With Me Campaign. Pre recorded messages of support from family and friends were triggered by timing mats and displayed on the screens. What a concept… well done ASICS! Great

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.381083
Retrieved Text: Canam Limo committed to providing Airport Limo service in Stratford, Ontario.
We offer Toronto Airport Limo Service and Buffalo Airport Limo Service from Stratford in Lincoln Town Car sedans, 6 Passenger Luxury SUV’s and 6 Passenger Stretch Limos, 10 Passenger Stretch Limos and 14 Passenger Stretch SUV Limos offering Low fares. Airport Limo Service from Stratford to Lester B. Pearson International Airport and Airport Limo Service to Buffalo Niagara International Airport is available right from your door step. Canam Limo provides Limo Service in Stratford 24 hours a day 365 days a year.
Toronto Pearson Airport is about 130 Kilometers from Stratford and it takes approximately 1 hour and 30 Minutes for this trip depending on the weather and traffic conditions.
Buffalo Niagara International Airport is about 230 Kilometres fromStratford and it takes approximately 2hours and 30 minutes for this trip depending on weather, traffic and waiting time at border.
Below are out Limo Fares from Stratford to Toronto Airport and Limo Fares from Stratford to Buffalo Airport.
If you don’t live in Stratford and you would like to know a fare from your city or township near Stratford, Please visit our Price List page for detailed information on Limo fares from cities in South Western Ontario. If your city or township is not listed on our price list page please call us at 1-866-976-3676 with your pickup address and we will provide you the fare for the limo service from your area.
Other than Stratford Airport Limo service, Canam Limo also offers Stratford Wedding Limo Service, Prom Limo Service in Stratford,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.260439
Retrieved Text: Mr Lam says that the festival’s exhibitions and performances will showcase Hong Kong as a dynamic city and its vibrant arts scene to travellers from around the world.
Mr Lam (front row middle) joins together with the artists and representatives of organisations participating the festival to kick off the event.
The popular “Airport Proms” stages live musical performances of different genres by talented musicians, groups and bands.
In the six-hour live musical performance “Non Stop! HKPOP!”, renowned Cantopop artist Dominic Chow Kai-sung leads more than 30 professional local artists to present classic canto-pop songs from the 1960s to the present time.
(HONG KONG, 13 July 2018) – Hong Kong International Airport (HKIA) today kicked off the annual “Art, Culture and Music at the Airport 2018” festival. In celebration of the airport’s 20th anniversary, the event features a variety of performances and exhibitions in the bustling terminals to greet worldwide travellers with Hong Kong’s unique and diverse local culture.
Hosted by the Airport Authority Hong Kong (AA) for the fourth consecutive year, the five-month festival showcases an array of art and culture events, including local pop music performances, Cantonese Opera shows and exhibitions, displays of astonishing weather images, street music busking performances, visual arts exhibition and more. Some of the events are new joiners of the festival this year, delivering endless surprises to airport users.
This year, there will be a number of new programmes and debuts at the festival. The AA has teamed up with Hong Kong Arts Development Council (HKADC) for the first time to present musical performances by local artists

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.25802
Retrieved Text: Dubai is a city of opportunities led by a visionary leadership, a glittering destination with swathes of golden beaches; world-class shopping, dining and entertainment. And yet, this big adventurous playground must be experienced to be believed. After all, where else can you hit the beach, dive with sharks in a mall, take care of business and ride a camel in the desert all in the same day?
Knight Frank’s annual 2018 Global Hub Report, with the latter rating Dubai’s infrastructure as the most advanced globally.
Dubai has transformed itself from a trading post along the historic Creek, into a world-class, convenient and accessible metropolis that is always open for business. One look at a map and it soon becomes apparent why this city is perfect for a meeting of global delegates and why it is known as a “Land of opportunity”. One-third of the world’s population live within a four-hour flight of the world’s busiest airport.
– Dubai International Airport (DXB), while two-thirds are within an eight-hour flight. Plus, the city’s second airport, Al Maktoum International at Dubai World Central (DWC) is also growing.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.202847
Retrieved Text: All participants are staying at the JW Marriott Venice Resort & Spa.
Settled on its own private island in Venice – Isola delle Rose – just a quick ride to and from St. Mark’s Square by courtesy boat, the JW Marriott Venice Resort & Spa is a luxury retreat for its guests.
The combination of wide and lush green gardens breathtaking views over Venice skyline, a refined restoration by the archistar Matteo Thun, together with an attentive service and the finest wellness and dining experiences makes Isola delle Rose a serene retreat. Guests can easily explore the beauties of Venice and at the same time indulge in the luxury of a resort.
The conference is organized in the Venezia Ballroom of the hotel.
The hotel is a one-hour trip from Venezia Marco Polo Airport on boat or two-hours trip if you choose to travel by public transport.
At the airport you get on Alilaguna boat service. Your destination is San Marco Square. To avoid queues and waiting we strongly recommend you to purchase the tickets online. Alternatively you can buy them in the arrival hall of the airport.
Use the hotel complimentary shuttle service, it operates every hour from 9:30-23:30. The shuttle stop / pier is located just in front of San Marco Square (see on the map).
If you wish to take a water taxi at the airport, it should be booked in advance on the hotel website.
We are starting on Monday April 23, at 7.30 p.m. with a welcome dinner at the San Marco terrace at the JW Marriott Venice Resort

================



======= Instance Index 363 =========
Input Text: The word "safety" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He ran to safety.
Sentence 2: The reciprocal of safety is risk.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.77547
Retrieved Text: St. Catherine of Siena Medical Center, Smithtown, New York, Earns Honorable Mention.
Roslyn, N.Y. March 13th, 2013 — Physicians Reciprocal Insurers (PRI) presented St. Charles Hospital, Port Jefferson, L.I. its Risk Management and Patient Safety Best Practices Award for 2013. St. Catherine of Siena Medical Center of Smithtown, L.I. won Honorable Mention. PRI, New York’s second largest medical professional liability insurer, established the awards in 2011 to promote the knowledge and adoption of best practices to benefit the healthcare industry as a whole. The awards were made during a ceremony held at the company’s Roslyn, New York headquarters attended by medical professionals from many segments of the field.
First place honors went to St. Charles Hospital in Port Jefferson, New York, for its innovative program “Improving Patient Engagement by Active Rounding by Leadership – I Pearl Program. The award, presented by Jeanne Braun, Executive Vice President, Hospitals and Special Programs for PRI was accepted by Karen A. Fielder, RN, Esq., Director of Risk Management, Dante K. Latorre, FACHE, Vice President of Quality and & Regulatory Affairs, Lee Kucera, RN, MS, FACHE Director of Quality & Performance Improvement.
Honorable Mention went to St. Catherine of Siena Medical Center, in Smithtown, New York for its program “The Reduction of Falls Without the Use of Restraints”, a model program for patient safety. The award was accepted by Laurie Yuditsky, RN, MBA, BSN, Nursing PI Coordinator, Ed Attard, Director of Regulatory Affairs, Barbara Gibbons, Director, Nurse Education, Patricia Butera, Nurse Educator, Debbie Kohn, Nurse Educator. PRI, through its hospital risk management program, led

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.936916
Retrieved Text: Domain three of ERO's School Evaluation Indicators outlines practices that proactively identify and draw on community resources and expertise to increase learning opportunities and enhance student achievement and wellbeing. ERO recommends that schools use the following indicators and questions to inquire into their practices, especially for students at risk of underachieving.
School and community are engaged in reciprocal, learning-centred relationships.
Communication supports and strengthens reciprocal, learning-centred relationships.
Student learning at home is actively promoted through the provision of relevant learning opportunities, resources and support.
Community collaborations enrich opportunities for students to become confident, connected, actively involved, lifelong learners.
> the school proactively identifies and draws on community resources and expertise to improve learning opportunities and capacity to improve student achievement and wellbeing.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.656885
Retrieved Text: The purpose of this descriptive study was to determine what reciprocal relationships existed among three core themes (the school culture, the principal's leadership, and the school innovations) and how they contributed to the systemic nature of seven Northern California model continuation high schools. It examined the complex influential forces of key interventions, paradoxes, and relationships that were conducive to the creation of effective learning systems for at-risk students. The study's conceptual framework, created by the researcher, investigated a triad of reciprocal relationships. Various scholarly works influenced the development of the researcher's focus. Among them were Thomas Sergiovanni's (1992) "head, heart, and hand" premise for moral leadership, Peter Senge's (1990) principles for creating learning organizations, and Howard Gardner's (1993) multidisciplinary investigation on creativity. Also influential in the development of the researcher's Triad of Reciprocal Relationships Model was the literature on change leadership and the "new science" principles used to understand and describe natural phenomenon. The naturalistic inquiry method was selected because it is considered more amenable to the multitude of diverse realities found within complex systems. Six major research questions were examined concerning the three reciprocal relationships. The data gathering tools utilized were: (a) a structured interview with the principal, (b) a staff questionnaire, (c) an observation of the school environment, and (d) various available school documents. The seven model continuation high schools developed systems that emphasized autonomy and empowerment of staff and students, focused on building relationships to enhance student participation in their education and welfare, provided students with opportunities for academic and social growth within

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.548723
Retrieved Text: Los Angeles Chargers wide receiver Travis Benjamin bobbled a punt against the New England Patriots.
As Benjamin recovered it, he ran backward to avoid the Patriots defenders and into his own end zone where he was tackled for a safety.
Los Angeles Chargers wide receiver Travis Benjamin had a punt return to forget on Sunday vs. the New England Patriots.
In the second quarter, Benjamin fielded a punt, but bobbled the ball as he caught it.
As the Patriots came rushing at him, Benjamin scooped up the ball and ran backward to evade the oncoming Patriots.
However, Benjamin ran all the way back into the end zone, where he got bottled up by Patriots defenders and was tackled for a safety.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.296751
Retrieved Text: At Pacific Traverse Energy, the health, safety and well-being of our people and the communities in which we work is paramount. We are committed to operating safely and providing everyone who works in the organization a safe and healthy workplace. We believe everyone who works for and with PTE has the right to return home to their families safe and healthy each and every day.
We provide a safe and healthy work environment for all employees, contractors and other stakeholders we work with, and will expect a reciprocal commitment to safety and safe work practices.
We manage safety in a responsible and conscientious manner as it is a core competency to drive the success of our business.
We integrate health and safety practices into our company’s values, culture, overall business planning, management, and operational procedures.
We strive to be an industry leader in accident and injury prevention with a specific focus on continuous improvement of health and safety.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.243366
Retrieved Text: Running your food safety program without using an umbrella? Maybe you should look at an SQF program.
Have you heard about the SQF program? Chances are you have, but maybe you've been wondering what all the fuss is about. Or, maybe you haven't, and are looking for a quick explanation.
Okay, so you probably use an umbrella before you go out in the rain. It helps protect both you and what you are carrying from getting wet. The same can be said for an SQF program, it provides an umbrella over your current food safety and quality programs and brings them under a single cover. Without a program that encompasses both food safety and quality, you may find some customers wondering why you are taking a chance of getting soaked!
This is where the Safe Quality Food program (SQF) steps in. It was designed as a third party global food safety certification program and management system.
A third party certification system can benefit companies by providing a greater degree of credibility by acting as an independent program. The observations stemming from an audit often provide useful advice for improving a system. SQF provides independent certification that food safety and quality comply with international and domestic food safety regulations.
The uniqueness of this certification program lies in its combination of product safety and product quality. Not only should your consumers feel safer buying products; they also know that their purchases meet consistent quality standards.
This level is designed for low risk products. Suppliers are responsible for establishing prerequisite programs incorporating fundamental food safety

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.202143
Retrieved Text: To render reciprocal aid between the member communities or agencies in fire protection, emergency medical service and other emergency services.
To provide professional leadership and training in the fire service.
To promote fire prevention, education, and safety in the fire service.
To establish and implement cooperative programs and activities in the field of fire protection, fire prevention and emergency medical service that will enhance public safety.
To provide a forum for the free exchange of ideas by fire chiefs.
For information on both these teams visit the links on the left side of the page.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.16579
Retrieved Text: The FAA has signed agreements with EASA and Transport Canada to allow the regulatory authorities to rely on each other's systems.
In a statement, the FAA said the partnership will eliminate the need for duplicate processes while getting safety enhancing equipment installed on aircraft more quickly.
EASA said it would also simplify acceptance of the classification for basic supplemental type certificates while it expects the partnership to save the regulatory authorities both time and money.
The new safety agreements will also allow reciprocal acceptance of the majority of technical standard order-approved articles.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.967857
Retrieved Text: DUI? Don’t take it in the CaBoose, go to DeRousse!
DeRousse Counseling offers substance abuse and addiction services to individuals who are in need of an outpatient program. We offer programs and services for court-mandated and self-help clients, including: DUI evaluation, Level One Risk Education, Level II Moderate Risk Early Intervention, Level II Significant Risk Treatment, and Level III High Risk Treatment. We specialize in DUI services, particularly clients who are seeking reinstatement of their driver’s license from the Secretary of State.
DeRousse Counseling is licensed through the Illinois Department of Human Services Department of Alcoholism and Substance Abuse. Mr. DeRousse holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Social Work from Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville. He is a Certified Reciprocal Alcohol and Other Drug Counselor.
Groups are offered five days a week including weekends. Flexible scheduling is available. Call for more information.
618.692.4DUI(4384) for our Edwardsville, IL office.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.966661
Retrieved Text: PURE Insurance provides comprehensive, customized property insurance to successful, responsible individuals and families. Our product suite includes .
PURE Insurance provides comprehensive, customized property insurance to the most responsible owners of the finest built homes.
PURE's team of licensed claims adjusters will work one-on-one with you to deliver a hassle-free claim experience. Our adjusters respond to losses large and .
banner strip. Home > Products & Services · Products · High Value Homeowners Insurance · Private Fleet Auto Insurance · Jewelry, Art & Collections · Personal .
There are products that can be purchased to mitigate pure risk. For example, home insurance can be used to protect homeowners from the risk that their homes .
Mar 14, 2012 . Selected candidates will undergo a training program learning about high net worth property and casualty insurance, PURE solutions and the .
Nov 16, 2011 . Pure insurance is an expanding company that doesn't model itself after standard insurance companies, it carefully selects policy holders.
PURE is a specialty insurance company built on a simple idea: The most responsible owners of the finest built homes deserve to pay lower premiums, without .
Feb 8, 2011 . PURE makes a high-profile entrance into Mass. insurance market with . PURE has mastered the difficult art of evaluating high-value homes in .
Apr 10, 2012 . PURE Offers Property-Casualty Insurance Coverage and Premium Credits for Owners of Well-Built, High-Value Homes in Mississippi.
Dec 13, 2011 . Privilege Underwriters Reciprocal Exchange, which underwrites high-end homes , has added four states to its roster in the past 30 days: .
Apr 10, 2012 .

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.831642
Retrieved Text: There are a variety of genetic factors that may result in failure of a pregnancy to develop. These include aneuploidy (the gain or loss of a chromosome), chromosomal imbalances as a result of parentally harbored translocations or inversions, deletions or duplications of genetic information within chromosomes, and single-gene mutations. Broadly, genetic factors may be divided into embryonic errors derived from known parental chromosomal abnormalities and embryonic errors that arise de novo in apparently chromosomally normal parents.
Parental chromosome anomalies occur in 3-5% of couples with RPL as opposed to 0.7% in the general population. These include translocations, inversions, and the relatively rare ring chromosomes. Balanced translocations are the most common chromosomal abnormalities contributing to recurrent pregnancy loss. In couples with RPL, this abnormality is found more frequently in the female partner at a ratio of 2:1 up to 3:1 (female:male). In addition to genetic errors resulting from the parental balanced translocation, recent data from preimplantation genetic testing has shown that embryos resulting from parents harboring a balanced reciprocal translocation also have rates of unrelated chromosomal aneuploidy at rates exceeding 35%.
Translocations are where chromosome segments are exchanged between nonhomologous chromosomes. There are two main types of balanced translocation: reciprocal and Robertsonian. Robertsonian translocations involve two acrocentric chromosomes (numbers 13,14,15,21,22) that fuse near the centromere region with loss of the short arms. Studies indicate that when the Robertsonian translocation is maternal, there is a greater risk that the fetus will exhibit an unbalanced phenotype. In reciprocal translocations, the type of rearrangement results from breakage of nonhomologous chromosomes, with reciprocal

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.809052
Retrieved Text: Borghans, L., ter Weel, B.J. (2011). Computers, skills and wages. Applied Economics, 43(29), 4607-4622.
Computer technology is most prominently used by skilled, high-wage workers. This suggests that computer use requires skills to take full advantage of the possibilities, which are particularly present among relatively skilled workers. This article develops a simple technology adoption model showing that the decision to adopt computer technology depends on (i) the tasks to be performed, (ii) the level of skill or education and (iii) the level of wages. Applying this model to British data, it is shown that the effect of wages and particular tasks on computer adoption is larger than the effect of skills on adoption. The estimates suggest that in Britain computer use is likely to be a matter of cost efficiency and not so much of workers’ skills.
Borghans, L. & Golsteyn, B.H.H. (forthcoming). Job Mobility in Europe, Japan and the United States. British Journal of Industrial Relations.
Evidence about job mobility outside the U.S. is scarce and difficult to compare crossnationallybecause of non-uniform data. We document job mobility patterns of collegegraduates in their first three years in the labor market, using unique uniform datacovering 11 European countries and Japan. Using the NLSY, we replicate the informationin this survey to compare the results to the U.S. We find that (1) U.S. graduates hold morejobs than European graduates. (2) Contrasting conventional wisdom, job mobility inJapan is only somewhat lower than the European average. (3) There are large differencesin job mobility within Europe.
Dohmen, T.J., Falk, A., Fliessbach, K., Sunde, U. & Weber, B.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.632568
Retrieved Text: The New Jersey Business & Industry Association supported legislation advanced by a Senate committee on Thursday that would restrict the to terminate reciprocal income tax agreements with other states.
The bill, S-878, co-sponsored by Senators Fred Madden (D-4), Steve Sweeney (D-3) and Troy Singleton (D-7), would limit the authority to terminate the agreement to an enactment of law by the legislature and the governor directing the termination.
In November 2016, then-Gov. Christie announced that he was maintaining the New Jersey-Pennsylvania reciprocal income tax agreement, which calls for residents of each state to pay income taxes where they live, instead of where they work.
Christie had previous planned the end of that bi-state tax reciprocity agreement in 2017 due to a projected budget shortfall. But he reversed course after signing new healthcare legislation resulted in an estimated $200 million in savings.
NJBIA had lobbied for the restoration of the agreement, as New Jersey’s top graduated income tax rate of 8.97 was significantly higher than Pennsylvania’s flat rate of 3.07. New Jersey businesses were at risk of losing valuable employees or raising wages to compensate for the possible tax change.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.58307
Retrieved Text: South Carolina welcomed 15 new captives in 2017, while removed nine from its registry, bringing the state to 169 in total.
This included nine new segregated portfolio companies, three pure captives, two risk retention groups, and one incorporated cell.
The nine companies deleted from South Carolina's portfolio included eight voluntary dissolutions and one merger, which the state's Captive Division said is in light of prevailing soft casualty market conditions.
The list of new captives licensed in South Carolina includes: Dolphin Assurance Services Corporation; Property Trust Insurance Company IV; Property Trust Insurance Company V; Transportation Risk Retention Group, Inc; Tower Health Reciprocal RRG; Forestry Insurance Company of the SE, LLC; Shelmore Surety, LLC; East Main Insurance Company, Inc.; Chesapeake IX Insurance Company, IC; Mysis Insurance Company, Inc; Synergy Risk Group, Inc; Comporium Insurance, LLC; Boggs Insurance Company; Barony Insurance Company; Ace Assurance Company, Inc.
Don't miss another captive insurance news story - sign up for our weekly email newsletter.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.543093
Retrieved Text: A member of the Everyday Health Wellness Advisory Board, Stephen W. Porges, PhD, is a Distinguished University Scientist at the Kinsey Institute at Indiana University in Bloomington and a member of the Kinsey Institute Traumatic Stress Research Consortium. Dr. Porges's research is focused on how the autonomic nervous system controls the reactions and behaviors of individuals affected by a wide range of traumatic experiences, including sexual assault, partner violence, and bullying.
My current efforts are focused on developing new technology devices that can target, detect, and document the effect of new therapies on the unconscious neural circuits responsible for our “defense-danger” and “safety” responses to the world around us.
These responses are key to what I call the polyvagal theory, which provides a new and, I believe, more comprehensive understanding of how humans, in their ongoing quest for safety and survival, monitor and mediate their reactions to the world: The theory posits that the nervous system, without any conscious thought on our part, efficiently and effectively decides whether the environment is dangerous or safe. That determination, in turn, leads to a cascade of metabolic reactions and a range of behaviors.
I have patent applications being reviewed that describe technologies to accurately document shifts in the neural regulation of the autonomic nervous system. These new devices will enable the efficient evaluation of therapies that we believe can retune, normalize, or optimize autonomic function. I’m always looking for new and creative ways to advance this work by identifying objective measures of the neural regulation of the autonomic nervous system to validate

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.542336
Retrieved Text: Ravenswood’s BASA program is entirely coordinated by our two outstanding partners, Youth Guidance and Columbia College.
Youth Guidance creates and implements school-based programs that enable at-risk children to overcome obstacles, focus on their education and, ultimately, to succeed in school and in life. The After-School Enrichment Programs provide homework assistance, academic enrichment, technology exploration, recreation and physical activity, skill development, safety and supervision during after-school hours.
Each enrichment menu is tailored to meet the specific needs of the school, student and parent community. The variety of programs offered stimulates students with challenging opportunities for growth and development outside the classroom, using age-appropriate materials and highly-skilled service providers.
Youth Guidance employs an economy of scale approach to offer in-demand enrichment programs at competitively discounted rates.
Columbia College Chicago is shaping the schools of tomorrow through its commitment to improved student learning, stronger families and healthier communities. By uniting the most important influences in children’s lives – school, family and community – these partnerships aim to support not only their learning but development as well. Columbia College’s goal is to build connections and create reciprocal partnerships between Columbia College Chicago, community, and neighborhood schools. As such, we bring the transformative experiences of arts and expanded learning to over 1,400 Chicago Public Schools students, 600 parents, 100 local teaching artists, and dozens of Columbia College Chicago students and faculty each year.
We’re very excited to bring our unique approach of high quality out-of-school time programming to the families of Ravenswood Elementary School. In 2014, we were awarded a 21st Century Community Learning Centers grant

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.497004
Retrieved Text: MOSCOW, 9 Nov — RIA Novosti. The vice-president of "Initiative of Reduction of Nuclear Threat" non-profit organization (NTI) Laura Holgate has said that if the tendency put by withdrawal of the USA from the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty remains, then within five years the world will face crisis in area of arms control. "If the situation develops in this direction, I assume that we will face serious crisis in area of arms control and subsequently in the field of global safety within the next five years" — she has said during the lecture in MGIMO. According to her, this step of the USA in itself will cause "series of negative consequences for the USA, Russia, Europe and the world", in particular "destruction of the contract INF Treaty would result in risk of emergence of an expensive and dangerous race of arms, and as it can significantly increase risk of accident or a mistake in calculations, it can lead to nuclear escalation". The expert has also noted that withdrawal from the INF Treaty and possible subsequent steps of Washington can not only provoke reciprocal actions of Moscow, but also bring split in ranks of allies of the USA. "If the USA has suggested to place medium-range missiles in Europe, it would divide NATO and again would create an incentive for Russia to answer it with placement of own rockets" — Holgate has added. Earlier the U.S. President Donald Trump has reported that Washington will withdraw from the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty. According to him, America will increase

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.40711
Retrieved Text: Are we going to see a ABC correction?
Bump and run? angle is between 45 to 60 degrees.
BAT PATTERN WITH BEARISH ENGULFING IN DAILY CHART GO SHORT...!
Explained in chart. SL= 102-105 according to risk preference. Trade after 9.30 because initial breakout might be upward and then fall.
Swing trading. should go long for more than 10 days. Entry is fine. You can enter now. Explanation : AB = CD Harmonic Pattern. Important observation one can make out is that. Reciprocal of 0.417 is exactly 2.371.
correction and then boom..! overbought in stochastics..

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.381905
Retrieved Text: Gun safety champions swept the nation last night in a historic defeat of the NRA’s top financial beneficiaries in the US House.
Votes are still being counted, but one thing’s already clear: The 2018 midterm elections were a historic victory for gun safety.
Traditionally, candidates would steer clear from the issue of gun violence prevention because it was considered a political taboo. That’s not the case anymore. Last night, Americans voted out 32 NRA-backed incumbents in the US House of Representatives. Even in traditionally conservative strongholds like Kansas and Texas, we saw a wave of new, gun safety champions with “F” ratings from the NRA successfully defeat “A”-rated incumbents.
For the first time ever, the NRA has been outspent by gun safety groups. And in swing districts where gun safety groups, like Giffords ran aggressive ad campaigns—a gun safety champion won.
Meet the top 6 NRA favorites who were defeated by a gun safety champion.
The gun lobby dropped over $1 million to re-elect Jason Lewis—but his time was up. After he supported the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act despite opposition from MN law enforcement, the people of Minnesota’s 2nd District stood up for gun safety by electing Angie Craig.
Giffords contribution: We ran a $1.3 million ads campaign to uncover Lewis’ dangerous record on guns.
Gun safety wins—even in Texas. Pete Sessions was one of the House’s top beneficiaries of gun lobby support, and his voting record made it clear. From concealed carry reciprocity to decreasing gun waiting periods, Sessions did what the NRA wanted. But not anymore. Texas voters elected civil rights

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.35478
Retrieved Text: Juengst, Shannon B. ; Wagner, Amy K. ; Ritter, Anne C. ; Szaflarski, Jerzy P. ; Walker, William C. ; Zafonte, Ross D. ; Brown, Allen W. ; Hammond, Flora M. ; Pugh, Mary Jo ; Shea, Timothy ; Krellman, Jason W. ; Bushnik, Tamara ; Arenth, Patricia M.
Purpose Research suggests that there are reciprocal relationships between mental health (MH) disorders and epilepsy risk. However, MH relationships to post-traumatic epilepsy (PTE) have not been explored. Thus, the objective of this study was to assess associations between PTE and frequency of depression and/or anxiety in a cohort of individuals with moderate-to-severe TBI who received acute inpatient rehabilitation. Methods Multivariate regression models were developed using a recent (2010–2012) cohort (n = 867 unique participants) from the TBI Model Systems (TBIMS) National Database, a time frame during which self-reported seizures, depression [Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ)-9], and anxiety [Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD-7)] follow-up measures were concurrently collected at year-1 and year-2 after injury. Results PTE did not significantly contribute to depression status in either the year-1 or year-2 cohort, nor did it contribute significantly to anxiety status in the year-1 cohort, after controlling for other known depression and anxiety predictors. However, those with PTE in year-2 had 3.34 times the odds (p = .002) of having clinically significant anxiety, even after accounting for other relevant predictors. In this model, participants who self-identified as Black were also more likely to report clinical symptoms of anxiety than those who identified as White. PTE was the only significant predictor of comorbid depression and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.327774
Retrieved Text: The person in this position will be able to make repairs on reciprocal and water chillers, including condensers, piping, evaporators and motor drives. Work will involve independent trouble shooting and diagnosing problems with HVAC equipment. The person will need refrigerant license and have significant knowledge on equipment and refrigerant piping systems. The person must be able to utilize an automated work order system and ability to read blue prints and specifications. The person must be able to assist in other areas of HVAC shop to include maintenance of ice machines, cold storage lockers and freezers. The person must be able to work on sophisticated control system which may include laboratory exhaust systems and fume hoods. The individual will abide by all safety rules, regulations concerning HVAC systems and will comply with all applicable health and safety policies and established work practices. This position is a full time 40 hour work week.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.323479
Retrieved Text: Let's Learn About A Reciprocal Fraction?
The Reciprocal or inverse of Fraction numerator/denominator is denominator/numerator. A simple example - the reciprocal fraction of 3/7 is 7/3.
Any Fraction with a numerator with a value of zero has no reciprocal.
Example: the value of fraction 0/3 is zero. If we take the reciprocal 3/0, we know a fraction with a denominator of zero is undefined.
The product of a fraction and its reciprocal is always one with exception of a denominator of zero.
Here is an example: 3/5 × 5/3 = 15/15 = 1.
The reciprocal of any Integer is 1/Integer with exception of the number zero. Let's use the number 10 as an example; the reciprocal is 1/10.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.24323
Retrieved Text: The information on this site is not intended to replace professional medical advice. Do not use this information to diagnose or treat health problems. Please see your healthcare provider if you have questions or concerns about your health.
Options for Sexual Health is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of the web sites to which it may link.
This website is copyrighted by Options for Sexual Health (Options). All rights reserved. Users may download, print, or transmit information from the Options website if the copy indicates copyright notice and is only used for personal use.
It is expressly prohibited to reprint or electronically reproduce any text, document, graphic, or audio or visual material for commercial use.
For special copyright permissions, or to purchase Options publications and pamphlets, please write to the Options for Sexual Health, 3550 East Hastings Street., Vancouver, BC V5K 2A7 or contact us for further information.
Although Options makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of data, Options disclaims responsibility for any errors or omissions, such as unintended technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, in the materials. Options cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading through the service will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. Users are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy their particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to the Options Intranet for the reconstruction of lost data. Use of the Options website and the Internet

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.229916
Retrieved Text: In addition to fine dining, club hosted events and accommodations that The Athenaeum provides to members and guests, membership also affords one the privilege of admission to other private reciprocal clubs around the globe. All that is needed is a letter of introduction from The Athenaeum to the reciprocal club stating that The Athenaeum member is a member in good standing.
Members will have to contact the reciprocal club directly to check operating hours or make reservations for dining or guestroom accommodations. Letters of introduction may be obtained from The Athenaeum membership department. Requests for letters of introduction should be made about a week prior to the date(s) of visit. Each letter of introduction covers a maximum visit period of a month. For more information on reciprocal clubs and letters of introduction, kindly contact the Front Desk at (626) 395-8200 or by email at [email protected].
Each reciprocal club has its own regulations and restrictions on use by reciprocal guests. Listings of the club services can be found on each club’s website. Reciprocal clubs require advance notification and identification from The Athenaeum regarding your intended visit. Reciprocal clubs may refuse to accommodate those without prior arrangement. The member must be present to utilize reciprocal facilities; reciprocity privileges cannot be transferred to non-members. All reciprocal clubs require that charges be tendered upon time of service. Clubs will accept major credit cards, local currency, or travelers’ checks for payment. Please check directly with the reciprocal club for payment requirements.
A list of The Athenaeum's participating reciprocal club networks is provided below.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.215824
Retrieved Text: Overwhelmed with questionnaires, redundant requests, and simultaneous inquiries, vendors may respond to due diligence inquiries with delays, shortcuts, and a declining appetite for “cooperation.” This affects Third-Party Risk Management (TPRM) managers, who in turn find it increasingly difficult to gather the information they need to onboard new vendors and document compliance. To make matters worse, mutual exhaustion undermines the working relationship, fostering resentment instead of reciprocal respect.
What’s the bottom line? How you treat your vendors could ultimately determine the success of your program. As TPRM programs continue to grow in value and complexity, employing automation technologies will be key for ongoing program maturity and maximum protection.
Don’t miss this opportunity to refresh your Vendor Risk Management program and fight fatigue.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.203983
Retrieved Text: The aims of this study were to study reciprocal interactions between emotion regulation skills, association of these skills with children’s school functioning and how these underlying skills develop in children in the context of adversity. 48 children (mean age = 5 years 8.2 months) were divided into an adversity risk group and a low-risk group. Emotional regulation was assessed via an emotion identification task, a Stroop task and near-infrared spectroscopy. School functioning was documented using the Social Skills Improvement System with parents and teachers. During the Stroop task, there was a difference in the activation of the right Brodmann area 8 in both groups. During the emotion regulation tasks, BA8L and BA9R showed activation and an association with school functioning. These results contribute to the accuracy of cerebral mapping associated with emotion regulation and support its potential contribution in preventive programs aimed at the functioning of children at risk of school difficulties.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.136
Retrieved Text: Gibb, C. (Forthcoming). A critical analysis of vulnerability. International Journal for Disaster Risk Reduction.
Gibb, C. (Forthcoming). Doing and writing an accompanied feminist geography research project – dissertation précis. Gender, Place and Culture.
Gibb, C., & Ford, J. (2012). Should the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change recognize climate migrants? EnvironmentalResearchLetters, 7(4).
Gibb, C., & Veuthey, J. (2011). How do disasters shape food sovereignty in the Philippines? Exploring the reciprocal relationships between food and disaster. Kasarinlan: Philippine Journal of Third World Studies, 26(1-2).

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.135788
Retrieved Text: Basic Orientation Plus® Refresher course, created by the Association of Reciprocal Safety Councils (ARSC), is a computer-based course designed to remind contractor employees of general safety rules, regulations, practices and principles associated with the construction and contract maintenance/service industry, as well as inform the experienced employee of any changes that have been made in those rules, regulations and or standards. The purpose of this course is to reduce injuries by educating workers so that they will have a better understanding and knowledge of safety. The following topics meet generic level training, meaning that the content covered is common to all employers: Personal Protective Equipment, Hearing Conservation, Electrical Safety for Unqualified Workers, Hazard Communication, Elevated Work, Scaffold Safety, Ladder Safety, Process Safety Management (PSM), Job Hazard Analysis, and Occupational Heat Stress.
The Basic Orientation Plus® Refresher course is a 2.5 Hour program. Basic Orientation Plus® Refresher is an annual update for the Basic Orientation Plus® course (pre-requisite). Any regulatory changes over the year are covered as well as a review. This class is only for those who have first taken the live classroom BOP class. In order to take this class their current BOP card can not have been expired more than 4 years.
Basic Orientation Plus® and Basic Orientation Plus® Refresher orientations do NOT replace contractors’ and owners’ specific training programs and do not authorize employees to do work. The employer must provide the employee with proper training for the specific job. Visit www.arsc.net to learn more.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.095829
Retrieved Text: We will discuss here about division of a fraction by a whole number.
Therefore, the rules for the division of a fractional number by a whole number is Fraction ÷ Whole number = Fraction × Reciprocal of whole number.
Hence, we conclude that to divide a fractional number by a whole number, we multiply the fractional number by the multiplicative inverse or reciprocal of the given whole number.
Here 1/3 is the fraction and 3 is the whole number.
[Replace ‘÷’ by ‘×’ sign.
Replace the whole number ‘3’ by its reciprocal ‘1/3’].
Replace the whole number ‘9’ by its reciprocal ‘1/9’].
Replace the whole number ‘2’ by its reciprocal ‘1/2’].
Replace the whole number ‘15’ by its reciprocal ‘1/15’].
Replace the whole number ‘37’ by its reciprocal ‘1/37’].
Replace the whole number ‘4’ by its reciprocal ‘1/4’].

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.022148
Retrieved Text: We examine an export game where two (home and foreign) firms produce vertically differentiated products. The foreign firm is more R\&D efficient and is based in a larger and richer market. The unique (risk-dominant) Nash equilibrium exhibits intra-industry trade, and the foreign producer manufactures a higher-quality product. When transport costs are low, unilateral dumping by the foreign firm arises; otherwise, reciprocal dumping occurs. For some parameters, a domestic antidumping policy leads to a quality reversal in the international market whereby the home firm becomes the quality leader. This policy is desirable for the implementing country, though world welfare decreases.

================



======= Instance Index 83 =========
Input Text: The word "slip" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Slip into something comfortable.
Sentence 2: My grades are slipping.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.85696
Retrieved Text: Jami Scheetz knew that her 15-year-old son, Devon, needed help. His grades were slipping and he had been caught vaping at school so many times that he was on the brink of being expelled. Last fall, at the start of his freshman year, Devon’s school even sent him to the hospital for drug testing after getting in trouble once again. In the emergency room, Devon finally admitted it: He was addicted. “He said to me, ‘Mom, I can’t quit on my own. I need help,'” Scheetz says.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.78065
Retrieved Text: Merrell Women's Dassie Buckle is rated 5.0 out of 5 by 2.
More than your average slip-on, the Merrell® Dassie Buckle is easy to wear and easy on the eyes. This casual shoe with contrasting leather upper features a buckle accent that adjusts for a customizable fit. An M Select FRESH® breathable mesh liner keeps feet dry and fresh, while the Merrell® air cushion absorbs shock in the heel. Slip into something more comfortable with the Merrell® women’s Dassie Buckle.
Rated 5 out of 5 by vballspiker6 from SO comfortable!! I have been struggling with pain in my feet for years, but in the last year it has gotten worse and almost unbearable at times. Now my shoe shopping has turned to looking for comfort and not just "aesthetics" of the shoe. With this shoe, I get BOTH!! These are comfortable and stylish and I love wearing them.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Cbell from Comfortable to complete an eight hour shift. I was looking for a comfortable, yet stylish shoe and I found it. I had heard great things about Merrell shoes and they have held true.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.412321
Retrieved Text: You have successfully subscribed to be notified when product is back in stock Something went wrong.
Slip your feet into style wearing these Tslops Thong Sandals. These comfortable sandals cradle your feet in pure comfort and amazing style.
© 2019 Tread and Miller. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.255861
Retrieved Text: To industrial designer Wolfgang Deisig, the most personal—and most important—object in the office is the work chair. “A chair should be like a comfortable jacket,” Deisig said. “You slip into it and it feels good.” Since 1971, when he founded Deisig Design Studio, the Berlin-based design team have focused much of their time and talent designing chairs that welcome the people who use them. And, in the process of building those “comfortable jackets,” they have built something else: a reputation as world-class innovators.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.152355
Retrieved Text: Slip into something comfortable and relax with these GUCCI Men's Leather Sneaker Shoes. This stylish pair can dress up your jeans or dress down your slacks. Each piece of the collection is limited, so take advantage of this unique opportunity to take possession of some of the most coveted collections of designers.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.086586
Retrieved Text: Browse below for your authentic Jacob Lindgren jersey. Select from home, road, or any of our other Atlanta Braves Jacob Lindgren jersey styles. We also have a wide selection of Braves Shirt options, for when you need to slip into something a little more comfortable.
Jacob Lindgren Jersey There are no products in this category.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.021675
Retrieved Text: Yes, we want you to turn the lights down, slip into something more comfortable and ... er .. yah, take photos! There are no subject or theme restrictions - we're after those shots where the devil is in the detail, so to speak - the sort of detail that only night time shots seem to have.
Turn Down The Lights has 200 entries.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.004177
Retrieved Text: Support the Jack Leathersich Women all season with Jack Leathersich Women Jerseys and Apparel. Shop for Jack Leathersich Women Jersey for men, women, and kids. We have a wide selection of Jack Leathersich Women Jersey and Other Players jersey, for when you need to slip into something a little more comfortable. We have something for every Chicago Cubs fan, so make sure you check out everything our Chicago Cubs shop has to offer to help you cheer on your team this season!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.99155
Retrieved Text: Support the Javier Baez Youth all season with Javier Baez Youth Jerseys and Apparel. Shop for Javier Baez Youth Jersey for men, women, and kids. We have a wide selection of Javier Baez Youth Jersey and Other Players jersey, for when you need to slip into something a little more comfortable. We have something for every Chicago Cubs fan, so make sure you check out everything our Chicago Cubs shop has to offer to help you cheer on your team this season!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.983646
Retrieved Text: Support the Greg Maddux Youth all season with Greg Maddux Youth Jerseys and Apparel. Shop for Greg Maddux Youth Jersey for men, women, and kids. We have a wide selection of Greg Maddux Youth Jersey and Other Players jersey, for when you need to slip into something a little more comfortable. We have something for every Chicago Cubs fan, so make sure you check out everything our Chicago Cubs shop has to offer to help you cheer on your team this season!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.983646
Retrieved Text: Support the Koji Uehara Women all season with Koji Uehara Women Jerseys and Apparel. Shop for Koji Uehara Women Jersey for men, women, and kids. We have a wide selection of Koji Uehara Women Jersey and Other Players jersey, for when you need to slip into something a little more comfortable. We have something for every Chicago Cubs fan, so make sure you check out everything our Chicago Cubs shop has to offer to help you cheer on your team this season!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.977026
Retrieved Text: Support the Munenori Kawasaki Women all season with Munenori Kawasaki Women Jerseys and Apparel. Shop for Munenori Kawasaki Women Jersey for men, women, and kids. We have a wide selection of Munenori Kawasaki Women Jersey and Other Players jersey, for when you need to slip into something a little more comfortable. We have something for every Chicago Cubs fan, so make sure you check out everything our Chicago Cubs shop has to offer to help you cheer on your team this season!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.9487
Retrieved Text: Support the Jose Rosario Youth all season with Jose Rosario Youth Jerseys and Apparel. Shop for Jose Rosario Youth Jersey for men, women, and kids. We have a wide selection of Jose Rosario Youth Jersey and Other Players jersey, for when you need to slip into something a little more comfortable. We have something for every Chicago Cubs fan, so make sure you check out everything our Chicago Cubs shop has to offer to help you cheer on your team this season!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.94417
Retrieved Text: One less thing to be concerned about. I must admit that I was wondering about the clutch all winter after I thought it slipped last summer climbing some of your steep grades. No slipping occurred unless you really pushed it.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.913012
Retrieved Text: Slip into something endlessly comfortable this season with Rag & Bone's RB1 leather mules. Taking inspiration from low-top sneakers, the lace-up front lends a casual-cool feel, while the woven midsole adds whimsy. We like the way the leather insole moulds to the shape of the foot. This sleek shoe pairs perfectly with anything from a dress to jeans and a tee.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.852594
Retrieved Text: You're not wrong. My ex is from wyoming.
Can I just love this.
Don't you quit out on me, you get back in there and play me.
That dude you were just playing for about thirty rounds in the 3DS version, you were playing Melee characters and were named 'Everett', so I assumed it could only be you. Plus this 'Everett' was good.
That's great. My number is 801-885-1875 feel free to text me.
Have fun on the mission!
So, how do I get a Beta key for DotA2?
yo are u in salt lake?
Happy Birthday Sinz. Come to a smash tourney once in awhile.
Get drunk and wake up realizing you accidentally ****ed Wyoming.
Same here! My grades are slipping and I need a job!
Nah man I just spam it up bro. How you been?
as you may know sinz i am planning to go to mlg Dallas. do you plan to go? cause i wanted to know if any of the NM scene can help house whoever is going from utah..
I don't think I've ever really talked to you properly.
Except when we talked briefly in the gym thread.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.825197
Retrieved Text: For a casually elegant look, make a grey suit and a black v-neck t-shirt your outfit choice — these pieces fit really nice together. For something more on the daring side to finish off this ensemble, rock a pair of black leather slip-on sneakers.
For a smart casual ensemble, pair a yellow overcoat with tobacco chinos — these two items fit perfectly well together. Dress down this getup with black leather slip-on sneakers.
As you can see, ensembleing stylish doesn't require that much effort. Just team a grey overcoat with black jeans and you'll look good. Opt for a pair of black leather slip-on sneakers for a more relaxed aesthetic.
This pairing of a grey suit and a black crew-neck t-shirt is very easy to put together without a second thought, helping you look awesome and ready for anything without spending too much time rummaging through your closet. Opt for a pair of black leather slip-on sneakers to make the look more current.
If you're on the lookout for a casual yet dapper look, choose a navy long sleeve shirt and black chinos. Both pieces are totally comfortable and will look great together. When it comes to shoes, this ensemble pairs wonderfully with black leather slip-on sneakers.
This pairing of a white crew-neck t-shirt and charcoal wool dress pants is very easy to throw together without a second thought, helping you look amazing and ready for anything without spending too much time digging through your closet. For something more on the daring side to round off this ensemble, make black leather

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.809778
Retrieved Text: Everyone loves Vans. When it comes to a long-lasting sneaker brand that can stand the test of time, Vans ranks up there. The reason? It’s simply the best of the best. It’s not just our opinion, either. Just look at the neverending list of longtime lovers. From sneaker enthusiasts to Hollywood A-listers, Vans sneakers are near-and-dear to many hearts.
What do Justin Bieber, North West, and Julia Roberts all have in common? All of them have been seen rocking Vans! The chic-yet-comfortable option is not just our pick, but the stars’ favorite option, too. So what better way to join this seriously stylish bandwagon than by slipping into this sneaker? After all, it has a bandwagon of over 3,000 reviewers in support of it!
See it: Grab the Vans Classic Slip-On Core Classics with prices starting at $50 available at Zappos!
The Vans Classic Slip-On Core Classic is just that, a classic. It’s actually the classic style (and shoe!) that started this entire phenomenon. So it’s no wonder this OG has so many fans!
The easy-to-wear, classic slip-on is the perfect option when looking for a shoe comfortable enough for all-day wear. Truthfully, it was designed for long-lasting wear. The durable canvas upper comes equipped with a padded collar and footbed. There’s also a cotton drill lining that provides excellent breathability, too. Think of all of those ultra-hot, super warm weather days that feel just so unbearable. Much to our liking, this super lightweight option will now make them a little more bearable!
Sure, the design is great and all, but

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.69477
Retrieved Text: We know that when children come to school every day they are more likely to get higher grades. And the opposite is also true – children who do not come to school regularly are likely to have lower grades.
A message to the children by the school council.
Did you know that West Twyford is one of the best schools in Ealing for attendance?
But did you also know that some of our pupils are not getting to school on time in the mornings?
This means that our punctuality is slipping and the amount of time we have to learn is getting smaller and smaller!!
Children who come at 8:45 get to chat and play with their friends!!
Try to walk to school so that you will not get stuck in traffic!
For more information, please see our attendance presentation by clicking on the icon below.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.66281
Retrieved Text: Q: During the past 3 months, my straight A daughter, who is a senior in high school, has become a C student. Her grades started slipping when she started dating -- before then she had no real interest in boys. She says she is 18 and can do as she likes. We have always been a close family and are just worried, not about our daughter growing up, but about her future. If you have any suggestions about how to take care of this I would appreciate it greatly.
A: It can be really painful to witness our offspring learning from experience ... even excruciating at times. We can feel so powerless -- like our children are slipping from our grasp and there's nothing we can do about it. It's easy to fear for their future. We've seen so much more than they have, and we worry that a few poor choices now can irrevocably change the course of their lives.
At one level, she is technically an adult and can make some of her own legal decisions. However, she's still in high school, and still living with you, and you are still a very powerful influence in her life, whether she admits that openly or not. In my opinion, the most effective way to wield that influence is to share your concerns, rather than trying to lay down the law.
So take her out for lunch or on a walk. Tell her that you love her, and are very proud of the choices she's made so far in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.615662
Retrieved Text: Blue/Orange Adult Dub-L-Scrim Pinnie for elementary grades, features a design based on the loose-fitting bloused scrimmage vest. Over-sized arm holes and the elastic waist band make this a vest almost anyone can wear, and the pinnie-size neck opening keeps it from slipping down. Sold individually.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.564682
Retrieved Text: See our men’s best sellers and slip into something more comfortable – and fashionable! Our best-selling men's shoes include basic colors as well as bright and trendy prints and patterns. You'll find our most popular styles in materials like canvas, burlap, crochet, suede and more – meaning you'll find a pair for any occasion. With every pair you purchase, TOMS will give a pair of new shoes to a child in need. One for One®.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.561636
Retrieved Text: Even if you’re not in love with the clog look, you must admit that slip-on shoes are simply much easier to wear than any kind of lace-up sneaker or tennis shoe.
That’s why I love the Akesso Helia Slip On. It features a much slimmer silhouette than the Dankso Professional Mule, but still eliminates the annoyance (and danger!) of laces.
You still get a quality leather upper, but the price tag on these shoes is significantly less than the Dankso alternative, particularly when they are on sale. Unfortunately, the soles aren’t specifically non-slip, but you do get a reinforced toe, which is awesome if you’re someone who tends to run into things (no judgement, that’s me all the time!). They’re also more lightweight than a traditional clog, which is great if you run around a lot during your shift.
I don’t think I’d ever choose a shoe for nursing that wasn’t liquid-resistant, and this pair fulfills the waterproof nursing shoes requirement. It also has a comfortable, but removable, insert, which is great if you have custom orthodics or just really love those gel inserts from the drug store.
You can purchase these in both solid white and solid black, but you can also get them in brown, black polka dot, grey hibiscus and some other subdued color/pattern choices. For the nurse who needs wide width nursing clogs, take heart — you can order these in a wide.
They don’t get a full five stars because the sizing seems inconsistent, the soles can be slippery, and when they aren’t on sale, they

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.54618
Retrieved Text: NEOSPORT Neoprene Hot Socks is rated 1.0 out of 5 by 1.
Slip into the Neoprene Hot Socks by NEOSPORT® for superior warmth in the water. Whether you’re training or diving, these socks keep your feet warm while providing a smooth surface to easily slip into boots. These socks are designed for a one-size-fits all stretch fit, and the neoprene-polyolefin construction keeps your feet comfortable while you’re in the water.
Rated 1 out of 5 by jeweled from Wet freezing feet Though these socks come up searching for “waterproof socks” they are not waterproof. I bought them to fit into my football cleats as I play outside during the winter in the snow, slush and cold. They fit into the shoes fine, they are very thin. I needed something to keep the water off my feet and keep my feet warm. These did neither. After playing in the snow for a couple hours my feet were very cold and soaking wet from the snow. Sorry I wasted the money.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.493973
Retrieved Text: When the primitive cultures are no longer any fun to blend into, and when the petty bickering is no longer intriguing, slip into this incredibly soft robe and head for the Risa steam-pools.
This Star Trek TNG Robe features a comfortable plush fabric and styling reminiscent of the early TNG uniforms. (But without the inconvenience!) Choose your color: Red (Command) Gold (Operations), or Blue (Sciences) so that you can be easily identified on your vacation. Just in case the Romulans attack or something.
Care Instructions: Machine washable. Tumble dry low.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.064054
Retrieved Text: We have large selection of Comfortable Anti Slip Men for sale direct online. including Comfortable Anti Slip Men from major brands. For any Comfortable Anti Slip Men questions. contact us for Comfortable Anti Slip Men.
Shop Comfortable Anti Slip Men now - Compare prices for Comfortable Anti Slip Men on sale from Ebay. Buy Comfortable Anti Slip Men now!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.883259
Retrieved Text: A lady in the streets but a freak in the bed, that’s Mel for you.
Mel is a fantastic example of the beautiful 165cm YL Doll body, which curves in all the right places. She really is extremely pleasing on the eye.
During the day, Mel spends her time working in a busy office in the city. As soon as she gets home, she likes to slip into something way more comfortable, as shown on the images. Would you like to come home to Mel every evening?
You can view images of Mel after she has been built by clicking here.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.855515
Retrieved Text: Pair it with the Kylie Satin Sleep Mask.
This piece is part of our very first limited edition sleepwear collection, made in collaboration with Kylie Camps.
Using only 100% linen and silky satin blend fabrics, we have created a range that feels equally luxurious, comfortable and stylish.
With sizes XS to XL our dream is for everyBODY to slip into this range at night (or in the day... no judgment here) and feel amazing.
We hope you love the range as much as we do, and that your piece is something you will sleep in, lounge in and live in.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.822453
Retrieved Text: heavy but they fit nicely!
these are the size I expected! I wear a 32B, XS or XXS and am very petite. these fit really nicely into bralettes, swim tops, bras, lingerie/slips, really anything that has a triangle shaped cup. they can slip into that little pocket where inserts go into, really nicely actually! they give good push up even in a bralette or something (which originally isn't meant to have any push). these are a good shape. they are a bit heavy though. they add push-up but also weigh me down a bit. not super light weight but they are a great shape, over all they are a bit too heavy for me too be comfortable in though.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.780067
Retrieved Text: Women's Gisella Narrow/Medium/Wide Loafer is rated 4.3 out of 5 by 57.
Slip into something casual: the Gisella Loafer from Naturalizer.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Kimh1273 from Stylish & Comfortable Shoes are very comfortable and stylish..love them!
Rated 3 out of 5 by mtgrandma from gisella had purchased this style in the bronze. Loved them. In this color and pattern the shoes are stiff and too short. Disappointed because I was looking forward to a black pair. Now I am stuck with trying to figure our the return of said iem.
Rated 3 out of 5 by suerob from Be Careful of the Color When I looked at this online, it looked more brown. The real look is a copper color. I am in the process of returning them because of the color.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Orleander from Awesome! I love these shoes! They look great and very comfortable.
Rated 3 out of 5 by francieb from great shoe but too narrow Bought a wide size but very narrow. Even after using a shoe stretcher they are too narrow across the buckle area. The rest of the shoe is extremely comfortable though.

================



======= Instance Index 588 =========
Input Text: The word "love" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: I love French food.
Sentence 2: I loved to write.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.888111
Retrieved Text: Cantine Parisienne is a stylish restaurant attached to the Nolitan Hotel on Kenmare Street in Nolita. The airy dining room with sizable windows boasts contemporary decor with a cozy relaxed neighborhood vibe while the menu features a healthier spin on French bistro staples based on seasonal sustainable local ingredients with an American flair. We shared a baby kale caesar salad as a starter. The croutons in there were a surprise as they were pieces of crispy tofu which I thought was pretty cool considering I love tofu. They were a tad salty though. I knew I wanted to try their croque monsieur before we went and I liked that they offer a few variations on the classic French sandwich. I chose the Provencale which is an addition of tomato and basil and it was lovely. It was also sizable and filling enough that I could only eat half and had to get the rest to go. The food was well cooked and well seasoned. The portions on our entrees were quite generous or maybe we're just not big eaters. Overall the service was good and friendly. It was a nice dining experience if not especially memorable but at least there wasn't anything to complain about. I'd probably stop back in if I happened to be in the neighborhood.
So I really need to get back to my Dine Out series as my memory card is seriously packed with pictures of restaurants that I want to review and share so expect to see more of these soon.
I like

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.105135
Retrieved Text: I love Paris. Love it. It's topped in my heart only by Rome. And the beach.
I don't love French food. Never have. Too rich. Too - dare I say it? - weird. I know, I know. Please, if you are reading from France, keep reading. I promise I will redeem myself. I'm just not a foodie. I love pancakes. I love a good cheeseburger. I'm simple about food, really. But thanks to a beautiful article in this month’s Bon Appétit, I was inspired to go French.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.875507
Retrieved Text: Last week I was pulled into the beautiful book My Life in France by Julia Child. It was so much more than I expected, and I fell in love with her story, her writing, her determination, and her foods. When I was in high school, I took 4 years of French, and in college I followed it up with another 4 semesters of the language. And yet not only have I never been to France, but I've never even been to a French restaurant. It's just too expensive for either to be practical. So I decided to try my hand at French cooking at home.
Thrilled with the idea of the daunting task of French cooking, I perused recipes on the internet. I finally decided on a menu of salade verde with Humboldt Fog (aged goat cheese) and walnuts in a lemon vinaigrette, estouffade provencale, a slow cooking beef stew with slices of French baguette on the side, and gateau nantais which is a rum cake from the Northwestern region of France.
All of the ingredients I had on hand except for the cheese, the baguette, the nicoise olives and fennel that go in the stew, and the rum. The salad greens and veggies were even fresh from my fall garden! So overall it wasn't too costly to prepare the meal - definitely much cheaper than a French restaurant. Maybe one day I'll get to eat at one, or even get to travel to France, but for one evening, it was fun to pretend.
The foods took time to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.777994
Retrieved Text: Why Does French Food and Wine Taste So Good? LOVE!
The French love food and wine. Period. According to Susan Herrmann Loomis in her book “In a French Kitchen,” paraphrasing here, the French love of food encompasses their entire being, it is their life and lifestyle. As an American observing a French person, the whole food and wine thing appear not only natural but effortless. They are masters at hosting five-course dinner parties, mid-week, after work with two to three other couples, no problem. The French learn early on to navigate a farmers market, converse with the butcher, seamlessly select cheese for a cheese board, whip up a simple but delicious dessert, and serve the perfectly matched wines with their menu.
Do they learn this love of food and wine as adolescents, is it passed down through the family, is it acquired with life experiences? I would venture to say yes to all of the above. So if you are interested in food, cooking, gardening, and wine, you too may have this French trait. Develop it, nurture it, and spread the love of food and wine with every meal you make and every wine you pour.
The French Winophiles are celebrating L’amour this month – French wines with a name or notion of love. The wines we are sharing are Loire Rosé, Savoie Apremont Fleur du Jacquere, Saint-Amour, and Côte-Rôtie. Join our Twitter chat Saturday, February 17th at 11:00 am ET using hashtag #Winophiles to follow the conversation and check out my fellow #Winophiles L’amour blog posts at the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.483864
Retrieved Text: Living in Paris is like a dream and the diversity of food that is available is incredible. While I’d like to say that I live in France and eat French food everyday, it’s a bit difficult to not try the other delicious cuisines available. Coming from New York City, I have high standards when it comes to food and I am super excited to share my list of the Top 10 Non-French places to eat in Paris.
Years ago, we were in Paris at that time in August when everyone closes up shop and goes on holiday. So really, most of our options were not French food. We found an awesome Moroccan place where they prepared everything in a tajine. And in another place, I had some of the best Chinese food I’ve ever had.
Hooray for waffle burgers at Gumbo Yaya!
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed reading the post. I love French food but it’s nice to eat other types of cuisines too. Will you be coming to Paris anytime soon?
Mmm these look like some amazing places to eat! We’re going to Paris in September so I’ll keep this in mind. Thanks for the ideas!
How exciting! Paris is super amazing and beautiful. You will love it!
Thanks for this! Can’t wait to visit Paris in a few weeks!!
I am loving your Paris posts- handy to make note of these, as last time I found it hard to locate varied places without a bit of research!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.293594
Retrieved Text: This restaurant is a hidden little jewel.Although their menu is really limited,entrecote with french fries and salat on side is fabulous!I also love their onion soup❤️ and authentic atmosphere.
No credit cards accepted, so no go. At least they had a sign on the door. Maybe when they join us in the 21st century and take cards I'll go.
Their food is delicious and always fresh, their staff is well-educated and friendly. Almost perfect. Prices are higher but you expect it in the area of Mala strana... Great selection of French wines.
Charming front terrace. But very expensive prices for Prague, main courses very small, the main course ravioli were only 3 pieces for almost 300Kc!!!! We got out hungry. Be careful!
Just get the entrecôte. Salad is very heavy on the dressing, be advised. Nice house red wine.
Though expensive place, we lived it!! Great tastes and very polite personnel!!
Steak and tuna were both great!
Yum! I love this place and go back often! It's a sweet little cafe/restaurant. Nice, professional waiters, great food and wine.
Good food and friendly service. Not the most extensive menu. Try sitting in the courtyard if the weather is good.
French atmosphere, french food, french wines, french music, welcome to microParis :) Very nice place!
Entrecote and the sauce were very good, but the salad had too much mustard. Kept on inhaling deeply to fight the heat.
Everything was just perfect... food, service, ambiance and the price! a must go in Prague!
Best French fries in Prague.
The entrecôte is really excellent!
Everything is good except the onion soup. It taste like

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.291752
Retrieved Text: I thought I would help Kim with her French studies. A weekend away. A full French immersion experience. French food. French wine. Speaking only French. The food and wine are for me. The French is for Kim. I can’t speak a word and anyway it’s rude to speak French with your mouth full of French wine and French food. I think the perfect place to stay would be Baudon de Mauny, a chic and casual mix of modern in a 1777 Hotel Particulier. Perfect.
Oui oui une belle adresse . Le lieu est beau, le vin est bon et la langue française du sud chantante ! Bonne journée.
What a perfect balance of stunning antique charm and mod style. Can I come too! I love french wine and bread!
Oui, oui! Tres bonne idée! Tout le blanc me plaît beaucoup!
Eek. Just catching up on my favorite blogs now – missed so much great stuff!! In the third picture, those fully upholstered chairs – is there a specific name for this sort of design with the arms upholstered the same way as the body but still have negative space. I'm probably not articulating this well, but what are those chairs!!!!!
Hi Garrett! It's the Utrecht Chair by Gerrit Rietveld designed in 1935. Cassina produces them now.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.964321
Retrieved Text: It is a rainy weekend here in the SF Bay Area, but after years of a bad drought, rain is always welcomed here. Whether as an appetizer or it’s own meal, soup is perfect on a day like today. It’s always cozy, warm and comforting…easy, cheesy French Onion Soup!
I love to make soups and stews (I guess you can probably tell by now), especially during the fall and winter months. I’ll admit it openly, I love comfort food. It makes me happy in so many aspects. I love to put something on during the afternoon when I have time and then let the smells of home cooking fill our home. I also love them because for the most part they’re really hard to screw up. Who doesn’t like that, right? French Onion Soup is an easy one to make a big pot, ladle it into individual bowls, top with crostini and Gruyere cheese and you’ll look like a rockstar!
Now that I said it’s easy, I will also say that not all French Onion Soup is created equal. I have had French Onion Soup in a restaurant or two that in my opinion was boring, lacked depth of flavor and was not as tasty as this recipe. I really believe that when you taste a dish, you can tell within the first couple of bites whether or not it was made with care and love. You either taste it or you don’t. To me, it’s kind of like when you hear a singer and they either move

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.894464
Retrieved Text: We join Jacqui Brown as she takes us behind the scenes of her blog’s fun French interview feature. This week, Jacqui is chatting with Susan Herrmann Loomis, an award-winning journalist, author, chef, and owner of her very own French cooking school.
Susan’s latest book In a French Kitchen: Tales and Traditions of Everyday Home Cooking in France, was released in both hardback and eBook format.
You can also read the review of Susan Herrmann Loomis’s book ‘In a French Kitchen’.
Welcome to ‘France et Moi’ where this week, to coincide with the release of her new book In a French Kitchen: Tales and Traditions of Everyday Home Cooking in France, I am talking to Susan Herrmann Loomis about what France means to her.
Susan Herrmann Loomis is an award-winning journalist, author, professionally trained chef, and proprietor of a cooking school; On Rue Tatin.
She is the author of twelve books, including French Farmhouse Cook Book and her memoir, On Rue Tatin: The Simple Pleasures of Life in a Small French Town, which was named the IACP’s Best Literary Food Book in 2002.
She lives with her two children in Louviers, where she moved nearly twenty years ago.
1. Firstly, I think France is a special place and it is famed for many things including its cheese, wine, and diverse holiday locations. Plus, dare I say it – strikes and dog poo littered streets. What do you think makes France so very unique and ‘French’?
Well, since you mention dog poo (caca de chien), I think the machines that are used to clean this off

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.86091
Retrieved Text: "Finally an authentic french Restaurant in Sydney that doesnt cost an arm and leg"
We had a great time eating at the Buster Brown Café- French Bistro Surry Hills this weekend. We sat at the terrace at the back which was comfortable and quiet with plenty of room for the pram. The staff is very friendly and the food was absolutely delicious. I highly recommend the beef bourguignon. Finally an authentic French restaurant in Sydney that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. A new favorite of ours that's for sure! Julie P.
Was a member of a big birthday party which chose Buster Brown French Restaurant Surry Hills. Was really surprised. Not expensive, fine country style French food. Was seated in the covered courtyard but next time I will sit in the kitchen area and watch Dominique cook the food. He's a real character, just like his food. Suzan N.
"Very good experience. The atmosphere and the food are just amazing. Thanks to the Chef and the staff, you made my night " Cecile M.
"This is my favourite restaurant. The staff are very friendly without being pushy or intrusive and the food is always superb! I love eating in the courtyard, the atmosphere is so peaceful. I've previously tried all the restaurants nearby, in my opinion they don't come close to the quality of the food or the standard of the service at the Buster Brown cafe. "

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.83461
Retrieved Text: Sometimes a restaurant breaks the mold causing you to fall in love with the menu, flavorful dishes, and restaurant itself. That is what happened to me when I got to enjoy breakfast with my family at Keke’s Breakfast Cafe, a local chain restaurant from Orlando, Florida.
Keke’s Breakfast Cafe is open daily from 7AM-2:30 PM at 24 locations and 9 more opening soon. Fingers crossed they come to my town of Vero Beach.
Keke’s serves both breakfast and lunch dishes you know and love in an upscale setting.
Being a travel and food blogger, I have lists of places to visit all over the world for history, treasures, or food purposes.Keke’s Breakfast Cafe has been on my list for well over a year. I have eyed their menu, salivating over the delicious sounding dishes and watched them expand in great strides. Finally, the day came when I got to sink my teeth into Keke’s dishes.
I had the pleasure of dining with my parents, husband, daughter, and son in law at Keke’s Breakfast Cafe, the Doctor Phillips location. Parking was a breeze. The restaurant had a welcoming, friendly vibe.
We sat in a long booth by the kitchen, giving us the ability to see all of the eye-catching plates coming out of the kitchen. We perused the menu and settled on a wide array of dishes: Eggs Benedict (served with home fries), Buffalo Chicken Omelet, Turtle Stuffed French Toast, Raspberry Stuffed French Toast, and Chocolate Chip Pancakes.
All of our orders arrived beautiful plated. Rich, thick French toast slices, side orders of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.771296
Retrieved Text: Come see why we're the best French restaurant in the Bay Area!
Best French food in the city. Love their 3 course dinner menu.
The Chef and the food are excellent.
I go to Chapeau! every year on my birthday, they have NEVER disappointed! DELICIOUS!!
Classy & attentive - the food is excellent, ambience cannot be beat.
2017 Bay Area A-List Voting Chapeau!
Hours: Dinner 5-10 p.m. Sunday-Thursday, until 10:30 p.m. Friday-Saturday.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.678843
Retrieved Text: Carly DeFilippo checks out Calliope in the East Village, a French bistro with a no-nonsense approach to sustainability in restaurant cooking.
One of the (only) downsides of having lived in Paris is that my friends assume I’m an authority on French food in New York. Truth be told, I’m a “when in Rome” kind of eater, and rarely fall upon NYC eateries that resemble the fresh, creative and elegant preparations I grew to love in France. Instead, I typically find fussy, heavy cuisine – a fault I assign not so much to the chefs, but moreso to American diners’ expectations of “French” food.
That said, every once in a while – and often when I am least seeking it – I discover a restaurant that so utterly embodies the food of France that it bypasses nostalgia and heads straight to simple pleasure. No restaurant in New York has done this more for me than the recently opened Calliope, in the East Village.
A few weeks before Calliope opened, I saw chef Ginevra Iverson speak at a panel about the Farm Bill, where I was impressed by her no-nonsense views on sustainability in restaurant cooking. I thus came to her restaurant expecting something akin to Northern Spy Food Co (which I also love), but discovered a more subtle approach to seasonal eating. In fact, it resembled the perspective of the Parisian chefs I know: that we should eat seasonably because it tastes better, requiring no further, self-conscious examination of edible ethics.
The food at Calliope was beautiful, from the anchovy toasts

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.668486
Retrieved Text: About a French girl "cuisine"
Thank you for visiting a French girl “cuisine”, where I share with you my ideas about French food. Here you will find fast and easy French recipes together with more complicated ones. Sometimes you will even find recipes inspired by our neighbors.
I will open for you the doors of my French kitchen from the fashion apéro to the traditional stew and show you the kind of food I grew up with.
Most of my recipes have been tested several times. Unlike some others food blog owners, I love to eat the same thing, I have some madeleines baking right now. I also redo my pictures from time to time to train myself.
My name is Natacha Gajdoczki. I am a French citizen living in Lausanne, Switzerland. I got a nice flat in the city center with my boyfriend Adrien and my cat Orky where I love to organise dinner parties. Holding a master degree in management from HEC Lausanne, I am working in digital marketing and that’s what I love to do during my free time … blogging about French food.
Why did I pick this name for my blog?
I choose a French girl because I am a French girl from Montpellier south of France. Cuisine is more complicated to explain. In French, it means cooking or kitchen; but I use it here as a verb. So in English, you would say “a French girl cooks” and in French you would say une fille française cuisine. I just mixed the two sentences!
Why did I start

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.61731
Retrieved Text: Hi Andrew. You could never go wrong with any of Disney's moderate resorts; however, my family's favorite is Disney's Port Orleans Resort - French Quarter. We love this resort because it is smaller than the other moderate resorts. If you love the city of New Orleans, then you will love this resort. It is inspired by the historic French Quarter in New Orleans. I encourage you to checkout the Web site.
Doubloon Lagoon, the pool complex, includes a waterslide which is very fun! There's also a playground that your kids will enjoy. Not far from the Doubloon Lagoon is Sassagoula Floatworks and Food Factory Food Court. You will find American and Creole food in the food court. Be sure to try the Beignets!! Just make sure you have plenty of napkins for the powdered sugar.
If the food court does not satisfy your appetite, then you can take the water taxi (free of charge) to Downtown Disney. There's a wide variety of restaurants to choose from here. There's something for even the pickiest eaters!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.614508
Retrieved Text: These easy to learn basic French love phrases will win anyone’s heart. How better to explore the culture of France then through the language of love ? Choose one of these romantic French phrases to start the love flowing.
Start easy - basic French phrases of love.
All sorts of scenes of love depicted by famous artists can be viewed at the Louvre Museum in Paris.
Je rêve de toi jour et nuit.
I dream of you day and night.
Want to learn more about the culture of France? Here's an great overview.
I’m most fond of this one, a French saying after a loved one yawns! Every time I hear it from my French husband I feel loved and beautiful.
Êtes-vous fatigué d'être si belle?
Are you tired of being so beautiful?
Paris is the most romantic city in the world. Stay in one of these special Paris boutique hotels.
My French husband wanted to be sure I added these French love phrases as well.
Si l’amour devait avoir un visage, il porterait le tien.
If love had a face it would be ours.
Si j’étais une abeille et toi une fleur, je passerai mon temps à butiner ton cœur.
If I was a bee and you a flower, I would spend my time looking for the nectar in your heart.
Traveling through French wine regions can make for a very romantic trip of wine tasting.
Common French phrases of love Not in the grammar books. Learn basic French love phrases in Argot.
Je suis tombé en amour avec toi.
What to eat on your romantic visit to France? France food is the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.613773
Retrieved Text: Summer is such a hard time to blog .
Not much going on and too hot and humid to do much outside. So I have been finding things on-line that I obsess about. I see something then research it and sometimes search for it or sometimes I am content with the new knowledge.
As you know, I love pink and green and those colors in jewelry form are so enticing! Love the ring above.
I continue to learn more about Meissen porcelains and found this photo of a food warmer.What an elegant way to heat up a snack!
The French chair above I found on Anita Pelayo Rivera's blog (see link above) and I adore it!!
So I will search flea markets and fairs and on-line auctions. It doesn't have to be an antique just have those correct proportions. I have learned in my ongoing study of French period furniture that proportions are everything.
So many reproductions are too bulky or too high.
French furniture of that era was delicate, feminine and on the "small "side.
My swan and peony obsessions continue.
If I ever win the lottery I will buy property with a small pond so I can once again have pet swans.
Bonjour Marie! OH! You are so right above French furniture. My two chairs above (they look wonderful here!) are much smaller than the reproduction that I currently have in my studio (which is going to be sold soon so I can put one of the French chairs in there). That size does show the period so beautifully because they are small, but

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.571344
Retrieved Text: This week we finally got to another "princess classic" of Disney. However it really didn't show much food. We were both a little disappointed and relieved at the same time. I think we still have leftovers from Johnny Appleseed in our fridge somewhere. Our freezer is getting a little overwhelmed as well. Making feasts with only 2 people to feed has been an adventure on its own. Even when we invite friends over to eat, it's still so much food. What did the cast of Cinderella eat? Well, breakfast, mostly. It was the only food shown the entire movie.
When we watched the show, we saw two breakfasts served to Cinderella's evil step-mother and step-sisters. Breakfast one consisted of some white mushy stuff that was put into bowls, and hot water for what we assumed would be made into tea. The second breakfast was toast and tea cups and hot water yet again. The chickens and mice were fed corn kernels, and Lucifer the cat drank some cream. We figured this would be pretty easy. The white mush must be porridge, and the toast is obviously toast. There were, however, some discrepancies.
You see, Cinderella takes place in France in the late 1800's to early 1900's. During this period of time breakfast usually consisted of fruit, croissants, and coffee or hot cocoa. We searched for anything that could lead us to think they might eat porridge or something similar for a regular breakfast in France. We came up mostly empty. I did find out that cream of wheat

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.540623
Retrieved Text: It’s cookbook giveaway time and this one is a jewel! James Beard award-winner Dorie Greenspan has the most amazing cookbooks. I have her books and have not made one single recipe yet that hasn’t turned out perfect.
The recipes in this cookbook were gathered from Dorie’s years of living in France. They are renditions of the classics, yet simple and spectacular. The book is also packed with lively stories, memories, and tips on French culinary customs. It also won Book of the Year from The IACP Cookbook Awards.
If you already have this cookbook, then lucky you. But that doesn’t mean you still can’t enter. Maybe you would like to give it to a friend or loved one for Christmas or a birthday gift. If you don’t have this cookbook, then you must enter. Don’t miss out on a chance to win, when all you have to do is leave a comment and that’s it!
You must leave a comment here on the blog. Not on my Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or anywhere but here or it won’t count. Tell me why you would like to win the cookbook; or you can tell me your favorite French food.
The drawing is open only to readers who live in the Continental USA. Sorry, but postage is too expensive elsewhere and this book is very large and heavy. The Culinary Cellar is not responsible for late, stolen, lost, or damaged mail.
The winner will be chosen randomly using random.com.
Comments can be started anytime today, Friday, November 20, 2015, and will end at 11:59 pm

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.51617
Retrieved Text: New Orleans holds a special place for me. I have both friends and family there. My friends that stay at the InterContinental New Orleans hotel monthly when they go and visit their family. I also used to live there and even attended school in New Orleans. After I moved away I hadn’t been back in years, until recently. Just so happened that not only was it my birthday, but there was a French Quarter Festival happening.
The French Quarter Festival was incepted in 1984 and has been going strong sense. It was crowded in the French Quarter. Streets were shut down and people were walking everywhere. It was hard to get around unless you were on foot. Even on a humid cloudy day in the middle of the week the French Quarter was immersed with people.
There were a ton of food vendors all around. Many of them were in Jackson Square. There was also one of many stages set up for performers. The cool things about this festival is that all the performers must be from Louisiana. There were tons of people sitting around on their chairs and in the grass listening to live music. Some were dancing. It was a lot of fun to watch.
After walking around Jackson Square a bit I thought it only right to head over to Cafe Du Monde. The line was long and went down the block. The line moved pretty quickly considering how crowded it was. After waiting some time for the table to get cleaned and to place an

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.508492
Retrieved Text: You french hackers and your food. I love it. I'd love to visit out that way some day.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.50119
Retrieved Text: I am never without herbes de Provence in our kitchen. This mix of spices abundant in the south of France really speaks to my love of the delicious flavors of French cooking, and I use it in just about anything I can.
My mom’s French heritage was a big influence growing up, and because of her I will always have a soft spot for French dishes like boeuf bourguignon and pâté. I’m no Julia Child (or even Martha Stewart for that matter!) but I do try to incorporate French recipes in our meal plan whenever possible!
French cooking doesn’t have to be fussy or difficult as many suppose, either.
In fact many of the food philosophies we adopted with our kids came from my mom’s French background and her approach toward food. A big part of raising non-picky eaters is exposing kids to well rounded, varied flavors—like the thyme, marjoram, rosemary, fennel, and even lavender that make up herbes de Provence.
So what is herbes de Provence for anyway, besides sounding fancy?
Herbes de Provence is, as I said, very multipurpose. It can be described as bold, woodsy, and a little bit floral. It pairs well with almost any cut of meat (especially chicken and pork) and really complements most seafood. I often add it to homemade soups and broths too.
We love to pre-mix a little into grass-fed butter and keep it at the ready for topping veggies or cauliflower rice. It also makes a great addition to breakfast dishes like my favorite sous vide egg bites or homemade breakfast sausage.
An

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.501045
Retrieved Text: What I like about Istanbul is that you get fresh food at a great value. For the price of fast food, you can have a healthy fresh meal that fills you up.
The food is Turkish and Eastern European. I always order the chicken sandwich, it's my favorite.
You can find this restaurant in the food court of Coastland Center Mall in Naples.
When you get to Coastland, just follow the signs to park at the Food Court. You'll see Calistoga outside too.
If you like Gyros, fresh Kebabs, and Halal meals this is worth a try. But you can also get regular meals with french fries that your kids will love too.
Plus salads, rolls, wraps, and falafels. You pick your sides too from veggies, rice, french fries and more.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.461891
Retrieved Text: Founding Partner at ReBoot Co.
Founder of ReBoot Co. I transform work and how people work so they love what they do. I love my family, cycling, French food and wine.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.459393
Retrieved Text: Stuffed French Toast That Will Change Your Life.
Although Easter doesn’t have the same type of hype surrounding it as Christmas does, I love it because it signifies spring coming. It also means that I’ll be spending some nice time with my parents, eating my mom’s unbelievable food. Every year, for brunch, my mom makes stuffed French toast. The first time I ate … Continue reading Stuffed French Toast That Will Change Your Life.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.44128
Retrieved Text: Emily's Recipes and Reviews | UK Food Blog | Leicestershire : fancy some mr kipling cakes this valentine's day?
For me, it's all about French Fancies. Bakewell and Battenbergs. Could you have guessed?
Really, you can let the cakes do the talking on this lovey-dovey mushy-smushy day. Even if it's just to show your pals you care. From heavenly Angel Slices to Apple Pies, there's something for everyone. I especially love the punny packaging, with cute phrases such as "I fancy you" and "You mean the whirl to me!" N'aww.
The limited edition range features seven different cakes and is available from all major supermarket now until Valentine’s Day, and the Battenbergs and Flower Whirls hanging until Mother’s Day. I've teamed up with the lovely Mr Kipling lot to bring you a giveaway too, so simply scroll down to find out more.
To enter simply answer the below question and enter via the Rafflecopter below.
What is your favourite Mr Kipling treat?
Giveaway ends Midnight on February 20th 2019. Full terms and conditions found in the Rafflecopter widget - don't forget to leave your email address too. Good luck!
ooo the french fancies i love the top bit!
I love the mini Bettenbergs!
Viennese Whirls are the best.
I absolutely love the Lemon fancies, Delicious and full of flavour.
The french fancies are delicious!
Cherry Bakewells - I really love them!
Viennese Whirls are my favourites!
Mini Battenburgs ! Love marzipan !
I really love the French Fancies.
My favourite Mr Kipping treat is the lemon slices.
I love their fruit pies especially the apple and blackcurrant and the bramley apple ones.
I had

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.400242
Retrieved Text: I am a graduate of Colgate University where I earned a B.A. in Mathematics and French Language and Literature. While at Colgate I tutored three Calculus I classes for three consecutive years. I have always been dedicated to developing a passion of mathematics in young people, especially young women. In the last year, I have visited 52 different towns and cities across much of Western Europe while living in France. While there, I was an English Teaching Assistant in Tours, located along the banks of the Loire river. I taught at a school of predominately underprivileged students of North African descent and was lucky enough to learn about their traditions and experiences in France. I have a real passion for travel and exploring other cultures. Especially all their food! I love to cook and bake, and attempt to bring some of my favorite French treats into my own home. I love tutoring French because I have a passion for spreading this appreciation for other cultures. I am originally from Cleveland, Ohio where I started learning French in my elementary school class. When I'm not tutoring or trying to teach myself something new, I love yoga, running and wandering around the beautiful Boston area.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.373167
Retrieved Text: I love to cook, eat and talk food. I’m French and American and have lived in many different places all over the world. I recently moved from Italy to California, 7-months ago. Before that I was living in Tokyo for four years. I’m open to new foods but tend to sway towards a French/Italian way of cooking. I never really got into fast food, although a road trip or airport wait isn’t complete unless McDonald’s french fries are in the mix. However, I don’t like fast food. In fact you could torture me by forcing me to eat at Taco Bell, Burger King, Subway, TGIFs for a day or even have a party hosted with Costco foods. I would be ill. I need veggies and fresh, preferably organic food. I hope you get inspired to cook from my recipes and feel free to contact me, should you have questions or problems in preparations.
Hi Karine, I just had to pop over and say Hi, and thank you for the ‘like’ on my Garlic Herb Bread (Lynne’s Recipe Trails) which has led me to your amazing blog. I look forward to going through your posts. Have a great day and take care.
Thanks!If you have a chance, I think you went to karinesmeals@wordpress.com I’m working on a new blog all about food, restaurants etc on deliciouslydetroit.com as we’ve moved to Detroit!!!! I look forward to seeing more from you.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.342888
Retrieved Text: The Summer 2018 edition of Cuisine et Vins de France, a very appealing French cooking magazine.
From a current issue: "La vraie recette de la salade césar."
"The authentic recipe for césar salad."
I have loved Cusine et Vins de France for many years. I discovered the magazine during one of our long stays in Paris in 1976, and I subscribed a few times in the 1970s and 1990. Founded in 1927, the magazine has a long history and included various well-known writers' work, including that of American cookbook author Richard Olney who wrote a column in the 1960s.
Current issues of CVF include many American foods, which are evidently popular in France. For summer, they include lots of fruit, especially apricots. Also: many pizza recipes, French classics like clafoutis, and lots of desserts. Later this week, I hope to try some of the recipes from either an old or a new issue of the magazine, and I'll post my results!
I thought I had recycled all my old cooking magazines, but last year when I cleaned the attic, I found one box that had survived. Here are some CVF covers and sample pages from this little hoard of magazines. I selected summer issues for most of these photos, to illustrate the foods and wines that they suggested for summer dining.
The first issue I ever bought: March, 1976.
A sample menu for a summer dinner party, including recipes and tips for organizing.
In the 1970s, the interior of the magazine didn't have color photos. Now it does.
page which suggests that I once followed

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.339703
Retrieved Text: If you were born or grew up with food allergies, the only reason it get’s hard and becomes isolating is when you go to school with other kids the first time or see that TV commercial for French Toast Crunch and ask your mamma if you can have some. You’re world comes to a screeching halt when you realize you’re different than everyone else. You can’t just eat anything you lay your eyes on. You have to read labels and avoid cross-contamination.
Does that mean you’ll never be able to eat the fun foods you see your friends eating, on advertisements, and at the store? Well, honestly…no. You won’t be able to. BUT, you can make your own fun food with “free-from” ingredients! I don’t let my food allergies stop me from eating fun, exciting, and delicious food. It may take a bit more work and creativity, but it’s always well worth it. There is no boring, tasteless, and sad food in my household!
One meal that always has to be over the top no matter what? Breakfast, of course! Breakfast is the one meal of the day where “healthy” can be secondary to taste. For instance, when it’s my birthday or some big holiday/celebration, breakfast needs to start the day in the most fun and colorful way possible. It’s not like I can just go out for a big breakfast at one of New Jersey’s famous dinners, order a big plate of pancakes with whipped cream and pools of syrup. But who says I have to miss

================



======= Instance Index 199 =========
Input Text: The word "horse" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A clothes horse.
Sentence 2: 500 horse led the attack.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.896997
Retrieved Text: Glorimont boys toddler clothes A Horse`s Best Friend brown shirt with a horse on the front and matching blue pants with embroidered horses. Matches the girls.Baby Clothes, Childrens Clothes, Kids Clothes, Girls Clothes, Boys Clothes and Baby Shoes, Childrens Shoes, Kids Shoes, Girls Shoes and Boys Shoes. Boutique Childrens Clothes, Classic Childrens Clothes, Boutique Baby Clothes, Classic Baby Clothes, Classic Girls Clothes, Classic Boys Clothes, Designer Baby Clothes, Designer Girl Clothes, Designer Boys Clothes, Classic Childrens Shoes, Designer Childrens Shoes.
Home > Glorimont boys toddler clothes A Horse`s Best Friend brown shirt with a horse on the front and matching blue pants with embroidered horses. Matches the girls.
Glorimont boys toddler clothes A Horse`s Best Friend brown shirt with a horse on the front and matching blue pants with embroidered horses. Matches the girls.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.244719
Retrieved Text: The Ho-Chunk-led group is insisting on a bill that would allow casino gambling at Nebraska horse tracks.
US.- Nebraska horse tracks are seeking to expand their operations, this time by supporting a bill that would allow voters in the 2020 general election to decide whether to expand gambling at state-licensed horse race tracks.
The Ho-Chunk-led ballot was filed with Nebraska election officials. The campaign committee, called Keep the Money in Nebraska, wants to amend the local state constitution to legalise gambling. The initiative also includes two statutory measures to regulate casino gaming.
“Nebraskans’ money is funding other states’ priorities. There’s a lot of good this money can do right here in Nebraska,” said Lance Morgan, president and CEO of Ho-Chunk.
Estimations say that Nebraska misses US$500 million in taxes and proceeds that residents wager annually in neighboring states. Petition sponsors said that expanded gambling would generate US$50 million in new tax revenue. This money would help fund property tax relief, education and the Nebraska Gamblers Assistance Fund.
“I am very happy that the Nebraska Horsemen are continuing their partnership with Ho-Chunk, Inc. and Nebraska’s First People. This union of past and present ensures a bright future for horse racing. It will stem the flow of Nebraska dollars to neighboring states,” said Barry Lake, president of the Nebraska Horsemen’s Benevolent Protection Association.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.839684
Retrieved Text: In the Park there is approximately 65 km of horse riding trails. They mainly lead along the valleys Wołosate-Ustrzyki Górne-Berehy Górne-Wetlina, and the upper San Valley. They are combined with the trails that emerged in the landscape national parks: San valley and Ciśniańsko-Wetliński. Travel through the dense forests and pastures is permitted only on the route Wetlina-Przełęcz Orłowicza-Suche Rzeki. Due to the large differences in the land shaping (up to 500 m), this route is also more difficult and for more advanced riders. Bieszczady National Park organises horse riding trips led through the marked trails for people who are experienced riders. For the purpose of horse riding tourism there is the Hutsul Horse Breeding Centre, and the Campsite of horse riding in Tarnawa Niżna. These two centres have a number of horses suitable for horse riding tourism, and some of them can be used for horse riding trips into the mountains. Additionally, here you can learn the horse riding in the indoor riding arena (Wołosate) or in the open air. Exceptionally, the people entering the Park on the horses coming from the external stables can use the Park’s trails after obtaining the appropriate permission.
The farm organises the riding camps and trapper camps with accommodation provided.
The resort offers horse riding for beginners and on advanced levels in the field and in the arena. It also offers sleigh rides.
The centre offers field trips for advanced riders, and 3-7 days trips with the guide.
The farm provides basic horse riding training for youth and adults, field trips, few days’ rallies,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.772959
Retrieved Text: This article was originally published on Park Cities People on April 9, 2019.
On March 23 over 500 guests filled the Sixty Five Hundred event space for the sold-out Equest Presents Arabian Nights Gala. Co-Chairs Annie and Teal Griffeth and Honorary Co-Chairs Cindy Thomas and Bert Headden led the magical evening celebrating the achievements of Equest’s remarkable 38-year history of enhancing the quality of life for children and adults with diverse needs through the human-horse connection.
For the first year Equest presented the Citation Award, named after the thoroughbred horse, Citation, who won 16 consecutive races in major stakes race competitions, to Connie and Denny Carreker who demonstrate the same spirit of excellence in support of Equest.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.669823
Retrieved Text: RENO, Nev. (AP) – A federal judge has thrown out a lawsuit filed by a coalition of rural Nevada counties that wanted to force the government to sell or otherwise dispose of tens of thousands of mustangs in U.S. holding facilities.
The judge in Reno ruled Thursday in favor of wild horse advocates who said the effort backed by the Nevada Farm Bureau was led by ranchers who want a bigger share of forage for their livestock. They said it would force the sale of federally protected mustangs for slaughter.
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du dismissed the suit as a broad attack on the Bureau of Land Management’s overall wild horse policy in 10 western states. She says it lacks specifics needed to order BLM to round-up more horses, and get rid of the ones they have.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.586006
Retrieved Text: Redpost Equestrian has been family run since 1992. Offering horse riding clothes and apparel including Riding Boots, Jackets & Coats, Competition Jackets and many more products online & in store.
Here at Redpost Equestrian we believe that equestrianism is not just a sport or activity it is a lifestyle! As one of the leading stockists of horse riding clothes online we stock a wide variety of products ranging from Ariat riding boots to Amigo, Rambo & Weatherbeeta horse rugs for sale. We provide products that not only help you enjoy the lifestyle but can also help find success in competitions.
We do this by offering you the highest quality products and most fashionable country clothing, horse riding clothes and horse wear at affordable prices. These products are chosen by horse people for horse people. For leisurewear and horse riding clothes we offer brands such as Animo, Ariat, Cavallo, Musto, Pikeur & much more. To keep your horse feeling and looking good we have brands such as Horseware (Amigo, Rhino, Rambo), NAF, Horze, Stubben, Shires, Weatherbeeta & many more.
Our flagship store near Totnes in South West, Devon was established in 1992 where it began selling horse feed. The business has grown year on year to become a leading equestrian retailer and a favourite tack shop destination in Devon.
If you have any questions or need some advice always feel free to get in contact. We hope you like the site!
Schockemohle Luxury Leather Bridles & More!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.476803
Retrieved Text: Home > Baby Clothes > Fall/Winter Baby Clothes > Girls Baby Clothes > Funtasia Too girls clothes Hungry Horse navy yoke jumper with embroidered horses. Blouse included.
Funtasia Too girls clothes Hungry Horse navy yoke jumper with embroidered horses. Blouse included.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.20735
Retrieved Text: The attack at the 2004 Awami League rally killed 24 people and injured 500 others, including the then opposition leader and current PM Sheikh Hasina.
A special court in Dhaka Wednesday handed life sentence to the son of former prime minister and opposition leader Khaleda Zia and 19 others were given death penalty in the 2004 Awami League rally attack that killed 24 people and injured 500 others, including the then opposition leader and current PM Sheikh Hasina.
Tarique Rahman, the fugitive son of Zia and presumed political heir, was the prime accused in the decade-old grenade attack case. While Hasina had sustained injuries, Bangladesh Awami League’s women front chief and former president Zillur Rahman’s wife Ivy Rahman was among the dead.
Thousands of Bangladeshis flock to Dhaka’s train stations and ferry terminals in hope of returning home to celebrate Eid-al-Fitr with their families.
The court, which completed the hearing on Septemeber 18, had reserved the judgment for October 10.
As per the investigations, an influential quarter of the then BNP-led government, including Rahman, had pioneered and sponsored the attackers, the operatives of militant Harkatul Jihad al Islami (HuJI).
Rahman was declared a fugitive and was tried in absentia with the court. At present, Rahman resides in London and is believed to have sought asylum. His immigration status has not been revealed by the British authorities.
Other accused in the case included two former ministers of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP)-led four-party alliance government, several Islamist militants and senior intelligence and police officers, many of them are absconders.
The former prime minister has been

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.093374
Retrieved Text: Building Startups: Let’s learn how to build new companies!
Clothes Horse is the leading Fit Guidance Solution (FGS) for retailers and brands. It helps retailers increase sales and run a smart, customer-friendly business. Clothes Horse offers retailers cutting-edge technology that finds the right fit for shoppers.
Vik Venkatraman is co-founder of Clothes Horse. He built this startup in 2011. Before Clothes Horse, he helped build an analytics and data products business at American Express. Vik was also a management consultant at Deloitte Consulting and a brand manager at Red Bull. Furthermore, he started a tailored menswear company called V Bespoke. This company inspired him to create Clothes Horse because he saw the demand for well-fitting clothes. Vik is an also author. He published the book Inspired!: Take Your Product Dream from Concept to Shelf. Finally, Vik graduated with honors from Columbia University with a degree in Biomedical Engineering.
GradSavers is an online platform where businesses can order sales, marketing and operations work from US college-educated professionals. More importantly, graduates with student loan debt can earn loan repayments by doing tasks online for businesses. GradSavers has grown rapidly since its launch in beta in January.
Pete Wylie is co-founder of GradSavers. He is an expert in digital strategy, marketing, branding, and customer acquisition. Before GradSavers, Pete led advertising and customer acquisition at Tough Mudder. While at Tough Mudder, he helped lead a 35x revenue expansion in just 2 years. Pete also served as an executive team member at a start-up digital agency and a web editor at an online digital media

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.07565
Retrieved Text: Now in paperback, Pale Horse is the remarkable never-before-told true story of an army aviation task force during combat in the Afghan War, told by the commanding officer who was there.
Set in the very valleys where the attacks of 9/11 were conceived, and where ten Medals of Honor have been earned since that fateful day the war began, the narrative races from ferocious firefights and bravery in battle to the quiet moments where the courageous men and women of Task Force Pale Horse catch their breath before they take to the skies again.
Jimmy F. Blackmon writes with a power and hard-hitting honesty that leaps off the page.
He has the respect of the men and women of his brigade, and a command of the narrative to tell their story.
From pilots of lethal Apache attack helicopters who strike fear in their enemies to the medevac soldiers who risk their lives daily, these are warriors from a variety of backgrounds who learned selflessness and found the closest brotherhood they ever knew through the crucible of war.
Pale Horse both honors and commemorates the service of this elite task force from the unique vantage point of the commander who led them in battle.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.964798
Retrieved Text: Quintus Fabius and Lucius Fulvius were the consuls for the following year. The war in Samnium was threatening to take a more serious turn, as it was stated that mercenary troops had been hired from the neighbouring states. The apprehensions created led to the nomination of Aulus Cornelius Arvina as dictator, with Marcus Fabius Ambustus as Master of the Horse. These commanders carried out the enrolment with unusual strictness, and led an exceptionally fine army into Samnium. But although they were on hostile territory, they exercised as little caution in choosing the site for their camp as though the enemy had been at a great distance. Suddenly the Samnite legions advanced with such boldness that they encamped with their rampart close to the Roman outposts. The approach of night prevented them from making an immediate attack; they disclosed their intention as soon as it grew light the next morning.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.854359
Retrieved Text: NFL draft guru Mel Kiper Jr. recently came out with his 2010 mock draft. I still remember watching him prognosticate and pontificate on live drafts in the early 80’s. I wonder how he got that gig? Regardless, he is the acknowledged top dog expert and his mock drafts come out now in January. I was interested to see who he tabbed the Seahawks taking with their first two picks.
With pick # 6 he went with a DE. I want one of the three best offensive tackles, so we will bypass this. I was intrigued by his choice for the Hawks at #14 – Clemson RB C.J. Spiller. This name has been popping up more often and linked to Seattle. The Seahawks haven’t drafted a RB in the first round since Shaun Alexander over a decade ago. Granted, for most of that time, Alexander was a stud, including his 2005 MVP year that led us to the Super Bowl. Injuries derailed him from there and for some reason, we have avoided making the investment in a top flight runner. It sickens me to think that Ray Rice was available when the Hawks chose Lawrence Jackson with their first pick. Ugh!
Spiller could fit the bill for the Hawks anemic rushing attack. Let’s face it, RB is a young man’s position. Justin Forsett is a nice complimentary back, but not a 16-game work horse. Spiller is. In 2009, he rushed for over 1200 yards and 12 touchdowns, averaging 5.6 yards per carry. He also caught 36 balls for another

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.704897
Retrieved Text: Mysuru: A stray horse bit a youth who was riding his bike near Mysuru Law Court Complex on Thursday evening. The youth has been identified as 31-year-old Harish, a Marketing Executive and a resident of K.G. Koppal.
The incident occurred on Sept.6 when Harish was riding his bike near the Court Complex. Harish came across two stray horses fighting with each other. One of Harish’s friends was moving ahead on his bike.
The horses were knocking their heads together and were moving menacingly from one side of the road to other, and there was no way Harish could continue his bike ride though his friend managed to cross the fighting horses.
Harish slowed down his vehicle to let one of the horses pass by. But the horse suddenly turned and lunged at Harish and bit his right arm. In excruciating pain, Harish managed to wriggle out his arm from the jaws of the animal and jumped to safety. Fortunately, the horse did not attack him again.
Harish’s friend, however, did not notice the animal attacking his friend and had moved ahead. He later turned his vehicle to see what happened to Harish. Seeing an injured friend, he took him to the Primary Health Centre at Krishnamurthypuram where the doctors administered Anti-rabies vaccine, Tetanus injection and Painkillers and was referred to K.R. Hospital.
Speaking to Star of Mysore, Veterinarian at Mysuru City Corporation Dr. Suresh said that, it is rare for horses to bite a human being. Usually horses either bite or kick when threatened. This particular horse might have panicked because

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.600948
Retrieved Text: You are able to guide your horse’s attacks much more effectively than other mounted combatants are. When engaged in melee, your horse may rear and smash its fore-hooves down upon a target which is medium-sized or smaller.
Benefit: As one of your attack actions for the round, you may order your horse or mount to rear and slam its hooves into a target that is adjacent to the horse. If the attack succeeds, it causes normal damage and the target must make a successful Strength check equal to the horse or mount’s attack roll. If the Strength check fails, the target is knocked prone. If the Strength check succeeds, however, the horse or mount is unbalanced and the individual must immediately make a Riding check (DC 15) to remain mounted; in addition, the horse or mount may not move for the remainder of this round and may only move one-half it’s normal movement in the following round.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.594797
Retrieved Text: This excellent hatband fits on all types of riding hats. Its unique inside rubbers make it stick to any hat with no damage to velvet hats. The EN1150 tape is fluorescent and reflective, with flashing lights powered by replaceable batteries. Easy to clean by wiping with a cloth.
Equisafety LED Leg/ Armband EN13356 band which is 2" wide, fluorescent and reflective. Elasticated band with Velcro fastener. Can be used as an armband for the rider, a leg band for the horse or a dog collar. A watch battery powers the LEDs and can be replaced. The light can be seen over 500 metres away. Wipe clean, not waterproof. One size only.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.551184
Retrieved Text: Crazy Horse or Tashunka Witko (1849?-1877) was a Great Plains Native American. A Lakota Sioux warrior, he was a key figure in the American-Indian Wars. He also famously, alongside Sitting Bull, led the surge against the U.S. government in the Battle of the Little Bighorn, culminating in what is known as Custer’s Last Stand.
Throughout his life, Crazy Horse sought to preserve his people’s traditions, and he struggled against the U.S. government’s attempts to drive Native Americans into reservations. As was the custom among many Native Americans at the time, he was unwilling to have his picture in any photographs.
Born in what is now South Dakota in the 1840s, not much is known about Crazy Horse’s early life. Even how he got the name Crazy Horse is uncertain, although it seems that he inherited it from his father. This would have been a name given after he’d proven himself in battle—which didn’t take long, as he was already a leader in small raids while still a teenager.
It was in 1865 that he first battled white settlers, over territory in Wyoming. This was only the first of numerous skirmishes he participated in through the 1860s and 1870s, including the 1867 attack on Fort Phil Kearney during Red Cloud’s War and the 1876 Battle of Rosebud Creek. Many of these were fought with Sitting Bull. All of these battles were attempts to counter the westward expansion of the United States and to thwart the forced resettling of Native Americans in reservations. Throughout, Crazy Horse proved to be a brave

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.463976
Retrieved Text: Whether budgets are robust or restrictive, infosec teams are often skeptical about diverting dollars away from technical tools so they can better fund awareness training. Fortune 500 CISO, Alan Levine, felt the same—until a nation-state attack on his organization led him to re-examine employees’ roles in cybersecurity and the value of defense-in-depth strategies at users’ desktops. Join us to hear how Alan’s journey with awareness training went from skeptic to advocate.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.394548
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK (April 7): US stocks dipped in volatile trading on Friday morning as a disappointing US jobs report added to investors' nervousness following a US missile strike on Syria.
US employers added about 98,000 jobs in March, the lowest in 10 months and well below economists' expectation of 180,000. The report from the Labor Department was an outlier among a spate of recent positive economic data.
Financial stocks were hit the most. The S&P 500 financial index was down 0.4 percent, led by banks.
The United States fired several missiles late on Thursday at an airfield in Syria from which a deadly chemical attack was launched earlier this week.
That news of the attack sent global stocks lower, with the S&P 500 futures index falling as much as 0.5 percent. But most of the losses were pared back after US officials described the attack as a one-off that would not lead to wider escalation.
"You are still at all-time highs and a disappointing headline number gives them (investors) a reason for a quick knee-jerk reaction like that," said Sean Lynch, co-head of global equity strategy at Wells Fargo Investment Institute in Omaha.
"But it wouldn't surprise me at all if we gain a little momentum back because this number doesn't portray an economy that is in trouble or slowing down and investors will start to look through that."
At 9.56am ET the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 31.67 points, or 0.15 percent, at 20,631.28, the S&P 500 was down 4.09 points, or 0.17 percent, at 2,353.4 and the Nasdaq Composite was

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.237919
Retrieved Text: How to Clarify Cloudy Chicken Stock I made some turkey stock yesterday, with my stash of frozen turkey bones from this stand-by recipe, and accidentally allowed the stock to boil while I was up in the loft, tending to the seedling garden .... Luckily most hats are tied to achievements, making them easy to figure out and get during normal gameplay. Those tied to winning festival games, museum completion, and adventuring are more difficult to stumble upon and are generally more difficult to get. The Sombrero, tied to you earning 10 million gold, is the most difficult non-achievement hat to get.
How to Clarify Cloudy Chicken Stock I made some turkey stock yesterday, with my stash of frozen turkey bones from this stand-by recipe, and accidentally allowed the stock to boil while I was up in the loft, tending to the seedling garden .... Farm animals. Farm animals produce goods. Chickens, bees, cows, goats, pigs and sheep are bought in the shop and must be put into shelters and regularly fed to produce goods.
A horse and a chicken are playing in a meadow. The horse falls into a mud hole and is sinking. He calls to the chicken to go and get the farmer to help pull him out to safety. The chicken runs to the farm but the farmer can't be found. So he drives the farmer's BMW back to the mud hole and ties some rope around the bumper. He then throws the other end of the rope to his friend, the horse, and how

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.230246
Retrieved Text: The Kiplingcotes Derby has been run every year near Market Weighton, East Yorkshire (UK) since 1519. The race is held the third Thursday of March at 11 a.m. This year’s race marked its 500th anniversary.
The annual race is a four-mile cross-country course. The race starts near the defunct Kiplingcotes railway station and ends at Londesborough Wold Farm. Besides it’s long history the race embraces several quirky characteristics.
Any horse or rider may enter the race regardless of breed, age or ability. A well known “secret” of the race is the practice of entering former racehorses under fake names.
There are no advance entries. Just show up by start time, pay the entry fee and you may race.
The winner receives a trophy and L50, but the second place finisher receives all the entry fees, which often exceed the first place amount.
Betting on the race is allowed but there is only one official bookie. Because competitors are not pre-registered, odds are calculated just prior to the start of the race.
If you think it’s hard to carry on an annual tradition for 500 years, you would be right. In 1947 harsh weather prevented the start of the race. In order that the centuries old tradition continue a local farmer led his horse through the course during the blizzard. In 2001, when an outbreak of Foot and Mouth disease prevented transportation, another local farmer and horse again walked the course as the soul competitors.
Tracey Corrigan and her horse Frog beat this year’s record field of 36 competitors. This was their 4th win.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.210747
Retrieved Text: Welcome to White Oak Stables!
If you are a new member it is strongly suggested that you read the member guide and FAQ.
You can change what shows up right here by going to your account settings.
Buy a horse from the store or find one from another member that's for sale.
Click on your horses's name to groom, feed, vet and farrier so it stays healthy.
Buy some tack and clothes.
Make sure you checkout to buy the items in your cart!
Click on your horse to tack up.
Visit your clothes closet to get dressed for shows.
Enter your horse in a show.
After the show runs click on your horse to view their show results.
Click on your horses to breed or train them.
Change your horses's sale price to sell them.
Get involved in the message boards and join a club.
Visit the chat room, make friends and play games.
See how you rank against other members.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.076694
Retrieved Text: What is going on inside that pretty head of yours?
Horse Work: AM heat therapy, “extended” walk in company/PM short liberty session.
Evaluation: On our group walk, Greg led Mathilda, I led Rodney. At her time of life, Mathilda doesn’t do anything without a steady stream of carrots. Rodney spent most of the walk mooching his share. I don’t think he noticed how far we were from the barn. Still, he did it & he didn’t get tense whatever the reason, so I’m putting it in the plus column. Our liberty work consists of walking back and forth between us getting carrots. You may be sensing a trend. Today he had to walk over a log. No carrot if he walked around. This is actually a complicated conditional statement, so another in the plus column.
Rider Work: Bike. Attack germs in the water or in the underbrush on Monday left us with nasty, itchy rashes on our forearms and bouts of lethargy from Thursday to Saturday. I mention it both as an excuse for lack of exercise and because it seems odd to have so much of a reaction from so small an affected area.
When Rodney flings his head up while harkening to external noises or internal voices, I worry about ever taking him off the property. Thanks to my wonderful, hard-working husband, our pasture has a superb fence encircling it. Since our ring is in the pasture, he – the horse not the hubby – is always enclosed. He’s as safe as a cavorting horse is likely to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.074543
Retrieved Text: CHICO — According to a California Fish and Wildlife warden, a horse that died in east Chico was likely not attacked by a mountain lion.
Warden Mark Michilizzi told the Enterprise-Record today that from reviewing the information, the horse may have died naturally then was scavenged by a dog or coyote.
Commuters on Monday morning saw the downed horse at Chico Canyon Road and Manzanita Avenue. Some may have thought it was attacked by a mountain lion.
The owner of the horse has not been identified.
Michilizzi, of Sacramento, said a Chico game warden talked to him about the attack, and said the injuries were not consistent with a mountain lion attack. There were no attack wounds or marks on the neck and no feeding around the abdomen area, he said.
There were markings on the hind quarters that suggested a dog or coyote, he said.
“It appears the horse died somehow, maybe naturally, and was then scavenged upon, based on the information from the warden,” he said.
Lt. Sam Castillo of Chico confirmed in a voice mail that he had seen the carcass.
“Based on the information, it”s reasonable to conclude that it was not a mountain lion attack,” Michilizzi said in a telephone interview.
But he said the terrain and brushy area, close to Bidwell Park, plus a healthy deer herd and water do lend themselves to mountain lion habitat.
An employee at North State Rendering confirmed a dead horse was picked up in the area, but declined to comment on the nature of the wounds or the owner”s name.
There have been at least

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.036394
Retrieved Text: Bringing out a cool living atmosphere, Horse Simulator 3D is a fantastic animal action game that gives you a chance to live your life peacefully in a beautiful green meadow. In the gameplay, you will play as a wild horse trying to survive and raise your family. You are able to choose your horse’s gender and name. The horse can be moved around by WASD or arrow keys, jump by SPACE bar, run by SHIFT and attack by Left Click.
There are many other animals which live together in the meadow, they can be either friendly or dangerous to you. Be careful with some dangerous ones like snakes, foxes or wolves, they will attack if you stand near them. When you meet your partner, try to make a family and reach higher levels to have babies. When you attack an enemy, your family will help you, so the more horses you have in your family, the stronger your attack is.
On the play screen, you can see some bars showing your life status, some feature buttons and a mini-map showing your position and some creatures near yourself. Plants with green light surrounding them are actually food helping you to heal the blood bar. You can eat them or pick them up for family members. Baby horses also need them to grow up. During the game, there are some requests and achievements you should complete to gain bonus coins, which can be used to buy some upgrades.
Live a wonderful wildlife and protect your lovely family now at Horse Simulator

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.988476
Retrieved Text: The german radio station deutsche welle reports "Hacker attack" on the ministry of foreign affairs of Poland. While the news says about the hacker attack "Can be a part of russia" and in particular "The Russian special services". The article reports that the attack was carried out in december last year, when several employees of the chief of the foreign ministry of Poland had received in their electronic mailboxes with letters ostensibly an appeal to NATO secretary general stoltenberg at the meeting of the council russia-nato. It is reported that the opening of the letter led to the run on the computers of employees of the ministry of foreign affairs of the virus, "Trojan horse" for download information. In the photo the minister of foreign affairs of Poland witold wasikowski of the material declared that the polish intelligence services faced serious problems during attempts to repel the attack because "She was conducted through the latin american servers. " but then, as the material, the polish experts, the attack still hit it, declaring that to be involved with her group,"Fancy bear".
On what basis do they think no one did not spread. It should be noted that the West has launched a fake carousel that spins stuffing that hacker group "Fancy bear" is connected with russia, namely with the main intelligence directorate (gru). If the news that "The polish experts suspected hacker attack russia", remove the word "Russia", it looks extremely simple: the polish foreign ministry had been hacked, which was conducted by who knows who, and who

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.881514
Retrieved Text: . Holiday 5 ft. LED Lighted Twinkling Carriage-TY721-1614 - The Home Depot. . Christmas Theme. Novelty. . Where can I buy the horses that go with it. Find great deals on eBay for lighted horse carriage. Shop with confidence. Christmas Horse Lighted Carriage, Wholesale Various High Quality Christmas Horse Lighted Carriage Products from Global Christmas Horse Lighted Carriage Suppliers and Christmas Horse Lighted. Christmas Night Light - Merry Christmas - Horse and Carriage - LED NIGHT LIGHT - Night Light Designs Christmas - Amazon.
com Crystal Lighted Horse& Carriage Christmas DecorationItem# Features a majestic horse and carriagePre-lit with 525 clear mini lightsSettings al. Amazon. com: LB International 57" Lighted Crystal 3-D Horse& Carriage Christmas Yard Art Decoration: Home& Kitchen You'll love the Lighted Crystal 3 D Horse Lighted horse and carriage for christmas Carriage Christmas Decoration at Wayfair - Great Deals on all Décor& Pillows products with Free Shipping on.
Decorate your home holiday scene in grand style with this LED Warm White Horse and Carriage. Featuring ornate detailing, the white horse stands tall at 44 in. with a gold mane and tail. Free Shipping. Buy 57" Lighted Crystal 3-D Horse and Carriage Christmas Outdoor Decoration at Walmart. com Lighted Outdoor Christmas. Lighted Outdoor Christmas Displays. Light up your holidays with the world. Victorian couple takes a ride in a horse draw carriage Crystal Lighted Horse& Carriage Christmas DecorationItem# Features a majestic horse and carriagePre-lit with 525 clear mini lightsSettings al.
425 products. Tags: Large 3d Outdoor Decoration Christmas Horse Carriage | Christmas Horse Lighted Carriage | Horse Carriage

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.87977
Retrieved Text: Returning to my Battle of Malplaquet project it is time to test out the table set up, deployment and rule mechanisms for the cavalry actions in the centre and on the French left.
Previous test games have played out Schulenburg and Lottum’s assault into the Bois de Sars and as the storming of the French entrenchments by the Dutch.
In this game we wanted to see what might happen if the French abandoned the redans in their centre and the allied horse to attempt a break-through (as both did historically) . We also had Miklau’s cavalry and Withers’ foot arriving on the French left flank in an attempt to turn it.
The game action was set to began at 12 noon on the day of the historical battle. By this time Schulenburg and Lottum had made it through the Bois de Sars with significant casualties only to see entrenched French infantry waiting for them.
We assumed that the Dutch attack on the French right prevented any reinforcements from that wing. Villars had withdrawn his French, Irish and Germans from the redans to block the allies in the woods — possibly to counter-attack.
Overview of the table looking west to the French left.
We played the game on a 6 x 4 foot table with 15mm miniatures in brigade sized units. Ground scale was 1” representing 100 paces. We ignored the action on the French right except for the Gardes Suisses and Françaises holding the far left of the entrenchments, with the Maison du Roi in reserve.
The game opened with the allied howitzer

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.868118
Retrieved Text: Just need to dry a few things in front of the heater? The Mini clothes airer is for you. Sturdy, yet small, easy to fold, this indoor clothes airier is a great alternative to the clothes horse which can be awkward to erect and disassemble. Great for camping or caravanning, the Mini clothes airer is a great item to own due to its varied applications.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.848942
Retrieved Text: Horse riding can be a fun hobby, granted you have the proper equipment. Horse riding clothes ensure that both you and your horse are safe and properly equipped for your ride. For young aspiring junior riders, there are junior clothing sizes as well, including hats, trousers, jackets, ties, pins, breeches and horse equipment. There are many styles and colors to choose from, and you are free to shop online in the privacy of your own home.
For those more interested in competitions, consider Junior Equine’s line of competition wear clothing. Safety should always come first, and that is why a helmet is needed. Having a helmet doesn’t mean that you have to sacrifice style though, as there are several stylish choices for helmets and horse safety. Having a good pair of pants and breeches will ensure that your legs don’t chafe while riding. For younger riders, chaps are a good option for those that are still learning to ride. Chaps help to ensure that you won’t slide off the saddle, and are generally made of leather or some other material. Having the right undergarments can ensure proper riding posture as well as extended comfort in the saddle.
Since your horse is your riding partner, it is very important to ensure that they are properly geared as well. Having the right equipment such as bridles, saddles, halters, leads, pads, etc. For both you and the horse, it is very important to take measurements to make sure everything fits perfectly. Having gear that is too tight or loose can make

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.715874
Retrieved Text: New Woodsman 334 500 Horse Power John Deere engine. Price comes with 3 sets of knives. New Woodsman 334 500 horse power John Deere engine with 125 hours. Price comes with 3 sets of new knives.
New 334 Woodsman 500 horse power John Deere engine whole tree drum chipper with in feed bed. New 334 Woodsman 500 horse power John Deere engine whole tree chipper with in feed bed.
Original condition, ideal for restoration. Right angle drive pulley, rear lift rock shaft,and draw bar assembly. Other implements include: sickle bar mower, double single bottom plow.
Nice Trucks! If you need one or five I will make sure you get the truck you need. They are White 2002 International 9400i's with Cat C-12 Engines and 410Hp. 13 speed, 170 Wb, Sliding 5th wheels, Jakes.
Sharp looking pickup with towing package to pull anything you want. Pickup gets 17 miles to the gallon! Extended cab/short box, 5 speed manual, 350 engine, newer tires with only 15,000 miles on them.
Got the sides renewed, got the motor running the way it should and it does flood when the elevator dumps the load now. Sides are 5 ft. Put insulation on bottom of cab so it doesn't get warm inside.

================



======= Instance Index 82 =========
Input Text: The word "explanation" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The explanation was very simple.
Sentence 2: The explanation was long and drawn-out.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.949606
Retrieved Text: Before we explain visual perception we would like you to explore some visual perception phenomena.
Question: In all of these three illustrations you can make out a yellow triangle, even though the outlines are not drawn. Why do the triangles on each of the pictures differ from one another?
Solution and explanation: In all of these three illustrations you can make out a yellow triangle, even though the outlines are not drawn. The triangles seem to lie on a higher layer than the rest of the drawing. The different angles of the cut out sections of the circles let the forms seem to be straight, convex or concave.
Question: Is the line from A to B just as long as the line from A to C?
Solution and explanations: AB = AC. The perspective leads to a confusion in the perception of the lengths of the lines.
Question: Do the squares lie in line with each other?
Solution and explanation: Yes, you can verify it with a ruler.
Question: Are the orange lines straight?
Solution and explanation: Yes, the lines are straight and parallel to each other.
Question: Are both of the girls in the picture of the same size? Why does the delusion work?
Solution and explanations: The perspective leads to the delusion.
Question: Are the inner squares all the same size?
Solution and explanation: Yes, but a strong colour in the background weakens the perception of the inner square and lets it seem to be smaller than it is.
Question: What can you see in this picture if you turn it upside down?
Solution and explanations: The duck

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.037523
Retrieved Text: This section of our 1000+ Computer Graphics multiple choice questions focuses on Line Attributes.
Explanation: Type, width and colors are the basic attributes of line.
2. A dashed line could be displayed by generating_________.
Explanation: The inter dash spacing that is equal to the length of the solid sections displays dashed line.
Explanation: Very long dashes with spacing equal to or greater than dash size can displays dotted line.
4. Which of the following is not a line-type?
Explanation: Except dark line those are the types of the line.
5. In an application program, to set line-type attributes the following statement is used.
Explanation: Raster line algorithm displays line-type attributes.
Explanation: Inter span spacing can be specified in a pixel mask that contains digits 1 and 0.
Explanation: A heavy line displayed as adjacent parallel lines, while pen plotter might require pen changes.
9. To set the line-width attribute the following command is used.
Explanation: setLineWidthScaleFactor (lw) function can be used to set line-width attribute.
10. The parameter to “setLineWidthScaleFactor (lw) “function specifies?
Explanation: The positive value to lw indicates the relative width of the line.
Explanation: Line caps are obtained by adjusting the end points of the line.
Explanation: The setPolylineColorIndex (lc) function is used to set the line color.
14. If the angle between 2 connected line segments is very small then ________ can generate a long spike that distorts the appearance of the polyline.
Explanation: Miter join provides long spikes that distort the appearance of the polyline.
Explanation: A line drawn in the background color is always invisible because both are same color.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.385918
Retrieved Text: The children have gone to sleep.
My mother wakes up at 6 a.m. every day.
Mother will bake my birthday cake tomorrow.
It rained very heavily yesterday.
Sunil will play in tomorrow’s match.
I go for a walk every morning.
Sunita Ma’am teaches us History.
Anita Ma’am taught us History last year.
Mamta Ma’am will teach us History next year.
Explanation: The verb talks about an action that has just been completed in the recent past; hence it is not in any of the simple tenses – it is in the present perfect tense.
Explanation: The verb talks about a routine action; hence it is in the simple present tense.
Explanation: The verb talks about a future action; hence it is in the simple future tense.
Explanation: The verb talks about a past action; hence it is in the simple past tense.
Explanation: The verb talks about a future action; hence it is in the simple past future tense.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.089636
Retrieved Text: Yes, you're looking down on a car, with targets drawn on it. The skeleton guy is looking up at you. I didn't think I drew it that badly, but I guess an explanation was needed.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.053722
Retrieved Text: ​What is static electricity? Where and how can you find it?
Set out some blown-up balloons (use safely); a variety of different papers; tissues; handkerchiefs; plastic spoons; plastic combs; wool (not synthetic); aluminum foil; plastic tubing; variety of different materials to test.
Choose a dry day for these activities, since water in the air inhibits the strength of electricity created.
​Rub several of the items together, and watch what happens (attraction or no attraction). After a few tries, it will be possible to make some predictions and hypotheses about which kinds of items will be attracted.
If you have already explored magnets and magnetism, point out the similarity of the experience.
At the preschool level, a long explanation of electricity is not necessary. The observations made here will serve as a basis for further learning later.
​​Categorize items from the exploration activity that hold a stronger charge, and items that don’t seem affected. Label and read them.
Discuss some other methods that items can be held together or drawn to each other, differences and similarities. Glue, ties, tape, window clings, etc.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.99453
Retrieved Text: Living Within Your Means-量力而为 It is never a disgrace to say, ‘I can not afford it.’ It is shameful to commit yourself to expenditure you know you can not really afford and should not make – just because someone else urges you to go against your own better judgment. I have respect for the person for who can say without any self-consciousness at all, simply and cheerfully, ‘I can not afford it.’ But I hate to hear a long-drawn-out explanation of why . As a matter of fact, we should never demand to know why a person can not spend money on something he says he can not afford unless there is s sound reason for his finding some way to afford it. Then you may, if you feel you should, try to show him that way, quietly and without irritating him.
· Are Women Inferior to Men?
Copyright 问学网 版权所有 All Right Reserved.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.8901
Retrieved Text: dc.identifier.citation Lee, J. and Tang, K. 2016. Structuring of Reasoning Process Scientific Explanation through a Multimodal Classroom Discourse, in International Conference New Perspectives in Science Education. 4.
It is recognised that the nature of talk between teachers and students is highly significant that seeks to assist students in the learning, reasoning and knowledge building. The ability of student to generate a sound explanation is a hallmark of meaningful understanding and is definitely one of the desirable skills specific to Science discipline. While multimodality is inherent in science classroom teaching and learning, much attention has been drawn to how the range of different modes make meaning beyond language in classroom teaching. However, not much research was done to understand how science teachers structure the reasoning process in a scientific explanation through the use of multimodality. In this paper, reasoning process refers to the deliberative thinking that involves consideration of science content knowledge or contextual information to construct the canonical scientific explanation for a question. Video data of classroom teaching of a Physics teacher in a secondary school was analysed to investigate how the teacher structure the conceptual understanding and the reasoning process required to construct scientific explanation. Through a multimodal analysis and micro-discursive analysis of the teacher-led discussion, it was found that the modelling of the reasoning process was implicitly embedded in two common practices: (i) sequential translation of multiple representations and (ii) using discursive techniques to link up the rhetorical parts of the explanation. Based on the findings, future possibilities and suggestions of connecting multimodality to reasoning

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.70193
Retrieved Text: Xanthe is an ordinary girl, dealing with the everyday struggles of most 12-year-olds. Until, that is, she turns 13 and suddenly things become much more complicated. Whilst Kelly, her age-old enemy at school, seems to have it in for her, Xanthe is baffled by the mysterious glowing X’s appearing before her eyes and trouble and disaster face her at every turn. As her friends begin to question her apparent change in behaviour, Xanthe feels increasingly abandoned by those she trusts. Her world is shaken to the core when her beloved Grandma Alice reveals the shocking explanation; that Xanthe is the next in a long line of True Witches, with a responsibility to reverse the damaging work of the Hexing witches, out to cause mayhem and danger wherever they can. The reader is drawn into Xanthe’s world as things spiral seemingly out of control, with insight into her fears and anxieties clearly portrayed. The well paced narrative builds towards a gripping conclusion with more than one twist in the story as Xanthe is forced to confront her deepest fears in the face of an evil threat. An absorbing read for confident and mature readers aged 10+.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.649359
Retrieved Text: I was always reluctant to do kundalini meditation as many had given me scary feedback about it. However, I attended the same with Guruji. Sincerely, I am so thankful to Guruji for giving such a wonderful explanation about karma in that class. The kundalini activation was very powerful and at the same time simple. Our Guruji is the only person who can make such a difficult subject also so simple. Now my meditations are even more powerful and manifestations are wonderful. Thanks Guruji!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.561453
Retrieved Text: The match between Egypt and Uruguay end up in a controversy as the mystry over the empty seats at World Cup game.
As Egypt and Uruguay kicked off Friday’s action, the eye was immediately drawn to the hundreds of empty, orange seats spread around the Ekaterinburg Arena. The two soaring temporary seating sections at either end of the pitch appeared to be almost completely full, with one dominated by Egyptian fans and the other by the Uruguayans.
FIFA say that the match had been close to a sellout but had no explanation as to why fans who bought those tickets hadn’t turned up.
But today FIFA said, “We can confirm that 32,278 tickets have been allocated for the match between Egypt and Uruguay in Ekaterinburg,”.
Fifa is started their investigation why Egypt and Uruguay were playing in front of thousands of empty seats at their World Cup match in Ekaterinburg on Friday.
Fifa has allocated about 2.5 million tickets to the month-long showpiece, with the Russian organisers saying that nearly all the tickets have already been sold.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.46693
Retrieved Text: Please, report bugs using the Bug Reporting form or by e-mail to the author. This bugtracker and ideabox is for testers and developers use only.
How to request new features?
Please, request new features using the Suggestions and Requests form or by e-mail to the author. All ideas, proposals and drafts are most welcome.
General ideas should be sent by e-mail to the author. Whether they concern the application, its website, or the manual.
Did you know what bug stands for?
Navy Rear Admiral Grace Hopper was famous for explaining computer terms with an explanation so everyone could understand. After all it was the 1950's. She showed people a short, soda straw and would explain that that's how far an electricity can travel in a microsecond. People loved her. She's gone today, sadly.
The Navy was trying to run a complicated math equation one night. The algorithm would run all night long. When the operators came in the next morning, however, the computer had not finished, so they went into the airconditioned structure to find out what had happened. They found a moth between two contacts of one of the relays. One worker took a pair of tweezers and simply removed the moth who had been drawn there by the flashing lights and warmth. The moth had died, but it stopped the calclation for the night's run.
After the moth had been removed, the calculation started right up and finished a few hours later. Admiral Grace remarked to the press that they had discovered a bug in the program. That term stuck.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.448168
Retrieved Text: St. John Chrysostom touches on this topic very briefly in his book, On Wealth and Poverty. I have looked through the whole book about 3 times to no avail. Pray that I may find it! It was a simple yet beautiful explanation to some of your questions.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.414179
Retrieved Text: Do you prefer reading hubs that are short and to the point or long and drawn out?
I am not talking fictional here...informational...do you prefer them short and to the point (say between 400 words and 1000 words)? or long and drawn out, obviously written to try to make them long. what is the appealing number of videos and pictures...and what is to many? I dont want to know what makes google or adsense happy...what makes you the reader happy.
Definitely pretty short and to the point. I don't have time to read long articles. I rarely watch the videos either. I enjoy the photos, though.
I don't read for length. I read for topic and quality. A well-written, interesting, long hub is better than a short, not-so-well-written one. The same goes for a well-written, interesting, short hub being better than a long, not-so-good one.
It depends on the topic. Sometimes I would like for hubs I read to have been longer.
I generally enjoy the short ones most. My attention span is something close to a gerbil on methamphetamine... But if it is a subject that highly interests me I don't have a problem with a little more lengthy articles. I just don't want to hear how intuitive and amazing someone's cat is for 1700 words.
It depends on the topic I'm reading a hub on and the quality of the content. If there's just one long block of text I get bored easily and my mind starts wandering. I prefer short hubs, because I have a short attention span, but

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.391047
Retrieved Text: Zombies in Caddo? – Forward Now!
Simply put, What is the function of the Zombie Response Team in the Caddo District Attorney’s Office?
We believe there is a rather simple explanation. However, the public deserves a very simple response. A citizen of Caddo Parish has submitted an email request to Charles Grubb, Caddo Parish Attorney, requesting an explanation of the parish’s position of this group.
This photo implies that the Zombie Response Team Is a part of the District Attorney’s office. Where is this organization in the Parish organization? Should the parish be asking the District Attorney for an explanation? What legal authority does this group function to support? How is this group financed within the “Caddo” structure?
We look forward to the public explanation of how “Zombies” fit into the parish government. One explanation is that there may be subversive militant groups in our midst from whom the public needs protection. If this is the case, the public should be informed. If not, perhaps the “Zombies” are the threat.
3132 Plans of Larkin – Another Strike!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.356989
Retrieved Text: You don't have to go far on the internet to find someone who claims they have figured out a way to predict lottery numbers. Before we march into work, resignation letter in one hand, champagne flute in the other, it's probably best to see if there is anything in these theories. We've cast our expert eye over some of the more prevalent lottery number prediction methods, and assessed just how valid they are.
We are going to let you know some of the most common lottery numbers chosen for various different lotteries. But a Warning! Sometimes trying to predict lottery numbers can actually cause you to win LESS! Read on to find out why.
Can You Predict The lottery?
Well, can we? Brazilian mathematician Renato Gianella says so. He conducted extensive research on 20 lotteries, and applied a range of complicated mathematical equations and statistical analysis to each individual draw.
From that he concluded that some combinations are more likely than others and compiled his findings in a colour coordinated chart. Mr Gianella said, "(the) lottery should no longer be seen as a form of a gambling, but a true representation of the probabilistic theory and the Law of Large Numbers."
Since 1994 the numbers 03, 06, 13, 23, 27, and 49 have produced the most prize winning matches in the UK. Had you run with those numbers every week you would now be £2 million, or more, better off.
Considering its track record we can predict this lucky combo might keep up its habit of paying out. Sadly, the odds of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.345707
Retrieved Text: Both Conor and I had similar observations — Conor recently, and me at about his age (now 5) or even older back in the day (Before the iPhone Era, forthwith known as BiE). Like I did to my parents at the time, he insisted that it was following us when I told him that it just looked like it was following us.
The simple explanation is that whether you're in a car, or more so by foot (as we were), the distance traveled is too little to affect how we perceive it. The moon is a big object that is very far away from us (relatively speaking). So if we move 100 feet or 1,000 feet here on Earth, it's not very much compared to the distance to our lunar satellite. So if you looked up and saw it as you left the house and then again when you crossed the street a mile down the block, it would appear to be the same size and in the same place — in other words, as close to you as when you started your walk, so it would appear to be "following," or rather "keeping pace" with you, rather than being left behind.
Other things, like clouds passing by, can enhance the illusion of the moon moving. As a kid, this seemed like a neat way to simulate a trip to the planetarium: I sat on the driveway, focused entirely on the sky, and if the winds were cooperating with a partly-cloudy sky, for a few seconds I could

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.266388
Retrieved Text: The eleventh edition of the revamped Tour of Britain will run from Sunday September 7th to 14th 2014, it has been confirmed.
UCI confirmed the dates and the 2.1 third tier category ranking for the race – a disappointment to race organiser SweetSpot Group which was hoping for an upgrade to 2.HC status for 2014, which would have allowed for an increased prize fund, more UCI points and allowing for a greater percentage of the field to be drawn from the UCI Pro Team division.
No explanation has been offered by UCI.
According to the press statement: "SweetSpot have contacted both the UCI and British Cycling to request an explanation for the decision and would like to register their disappointment at the continued lack of communication from the UCI on the matter over the past 24-months.
"Thus far an adequate explanation for the decision or clarification on the criteria for an upgrade to HC status has not been provided."
Meanwhile, the 2014 Pearl Izumi Tour Series dates were revealed at last week’s Cycle Show as starting on Tuesday May 13th and finishing five weeks later on Friday June 13th on Jersey.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.1837
Retrieved Text: The Refiner's Fire Blog: A simple explanation about "the curse of the law"
Someone recently wrote to our website with this comment: "I have a question on Gal. 3:10. My grandson insists that this verse means that if we keep His commandments we are under a curse. Do you have a simple explanation to refute that servants of Torah are still under a curse?"
Bottom line upfront: Paul is very hard to understand. However, the answer to this "under a curse" situation is really very simple.
First, look who Paul is writing to. The congregations in Galatia, Galatians 1:2. Why is he writing to them? Because they have already fallen away from faith in the Messiah and had been confused and challenged by men who do not believe in the Messiah (1:6-7). What does Paul say about these teachers?
He says they "are men who agitated you and desired to pervert the Good News of Mashiyach" (1:7), and that these men "preach outside from what was preached to you, let them be cursed. ... Whichever man preaches to you outside of what you have received, let him be accursed" (1:8-9).
Now, read Galatians 3 with this in mind, but first, understand that Torah says: "A curse on anyone who does not confirm the words of this Torah by putting them into practice" (Deuteronomy 27:26).
Paul goes on through the rest of Galatians 3 to explain that he's talking about those very men whom he mentioned back in Galatians 1:7; that those men are cursed because they teach Torah, but they do not

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.12166
Retrieved Text: Check out Anastasia’s write up here, check it out! Especially if you’d like a better explanation of the synthetic micro-RNA technique used to knock down the tomato genes targeted in the paper.
My own write up from yesterday also just became my first submission to Research Blogging. My approval from the site just came through this afternoon (a real person had to check out this site and decide if I was serious enough to be allowed to submit posts!). Not sure how often I’ll be writing up Research Blogging worthy entries as they do require a much greater investment of time than my usual content, and I’m pretty sure my 500 word entries get read a lot more than my 1500 word ones anyway, but there are a couple of genome evolution papers that I’d love to talk about in detail when I have the time.
Thanks for the mention! I’ve been meaning to return the favor, and will do so now.
No problem. And thank you for the plug on biofortified. It was interesting to see how we were drawn to explaining different aspects of the same paper.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.994778
Retrieved Text: MLS® 201830489 (Hawaii Real Estate) is located at (unit #602) 98-099 Uao Pl Aiea HI 96701 in PEARLRIDGE . The current listing status is Active. This 2 bed and 1 bath Home was built in 1976 and features 720 finished sq.ft with a lot size of 2.15 acres. This property is currently listed for an *asking* price of $425,000 (Fee Simple) - please call for an explanation of fee simple vs leasehold. Buying Real Estate in Hawaii is very different from the mainland. We can help. 808-298-2030 Click Here to read customer Reviews from people who have worked with this agent.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.980073
Retrieved Text: MLS® 382535 (Hawaii Real Estate) is located at 111 Kahului Beach Rd D327 Kahului HI 96732. The current listing status is Active. This 2 bed and 2 bath Home was built in 1974 and features 787 finished sq.ft with a lot size of 7.51 acres. This property is currently listed for an *asking* price of $159,000 (Fee Simple) - please call for an explanation of fee simple vs leasehold. Buying Real Estate in Hawaii is very different from the mainland. We can help. 808-298-2030 Click Here to read customer Reviews from people who have worked with this agent.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.974583
Retrieved Text: I wanted use this blog posting to draw out some lessons from one of Gregory Bateson’s essays. This may not interest anyone reading this. On the other hand, if you’re curious why anyone would want to try to make sense of Bateson’s work (I have my own PhD related reasons), you may find this helps foster your own thoughts.
The essay in question is in “A Sacred Unity: further steps to an Ecology of Mind“, a second anthology of his various (and incredible) range of writing over many years, which was published in 1991. In the section of the book titled ‘Form and Pattern in Anthropology’ is the essay “Naven: Epilogue 1958”.
Naven was a book Bateson originally published, as a cultural anthropologist, in 1936 and which was based on his earlier field work in New Guinea. On one level, Naven (the title names a complex ceremony of tribal bonding) constituted the results of an observational study of aspects of the kinship system of the Iatmul tribe, symmetrical and complementary schismogenesis of roles and behaviours among particular family roles. The 1936 publication included an Epilogue, a sort of reflection on his findings. The 1958 edition contained a further Epilogue which critiques and re-evaluates the earlier work and places the two kinds of schismogenesis in one balancing system (and this thought was undoubtedly influnced by the interest at that time in cybernetics and systems theory), but more importantly it is an essay into the limitations of methods of inquiry and of explanation.
1. “All science is an attempt to cover

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.945413
Retrieved Text: HOW TO MAKE A UNICORN CAKE – NERDY NUMMIES Watch how you can make a beautiful unicorn cake at home, with these simple ingredients!
The.Big.Bang.Theory – Christmas Celebration Explanation by Dr. Sheldon Cooper Great explanation why people celebrate Christmas and the meaning of gifts by Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Very funny clip. Once again, Merry Christmas everyone!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.944742
Retrieved Text: "Joe Weider was, as Kris Kristofferson related in the song Sunday Morning Coming Down, “a walking contradiction; partly fact and partly fiction.” For every Weider admirer there was a Weider detractor, for every fan there was a hater, for every accolade there was a lawsuit. He was the giant, the Mac Daddy, the King, of that ever-so-weird cult of big time professional bodybuilding."
Last edited by stef; 05-06-2013 at 07:36 PM.
"Marty Gallagher...is widely considered one of the best writers in the iron game."
Absolutely. I thoroughly enjoyed this series. Thanks Marty, for telling it like it is. I just wish I hadn't spent thousands on muscle mags in the 80's.
Absolutely the best description of the wars between Weider and Hoffman I have ever seen. Also a great explanation of the rise of fitness culture in the second half of the 20th Century.
As for the fitness explosion among women in the 80's? Very simple explanation actually. The Boomers started to hit the Big 3-0.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.939215
Retrieved Text: Today Ajaccio meet Orleans in a game from the French League Two. Ajaccio are surely the favorites here as they are far better than Orleans having 14 points more and are on the 3 place in the league. Ajaccio have won their last 3 out of 5 home games and as for the guests they have lost 3 won 1 and drawn 1 in their last 5 away games so i think Ajaccio will win this one.
In case of different issue please provide explanation!
Special offer - Claim your bonus now!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.88335
Retrieved Text: nesaralaw.us ⭐ 8 out of 10 based on 360 ratings. 2061 user reviews.
Download 1999 Volkswagen Beetle Wiring Schematics Pdf, ePub, Mobi.
As an seller of a car, I discover me personally being well-informed on the theme of vehicle wiring. Since I Have am just about the very last person that should be having fun with everything that has electrical latest operating by way of it, I found myself unwilling to make an effort to undertake the concern of vehicle wiring.
Even so my vehicle determined or else in the event it began to randomly choose electrical programs that it really wanted to me tamper with. When the electrically powered chair belts began to glide again and forth while not explanation as I drove decrease the freeway, I made a decision I more effective understand how to tamper with the electrically powered programs, thinking about the exuberant amount of vehicle restore.
I uncovered myself personally with a choice to either, disintegrate and devote $100 sixty minutes for a so-termed experienced to think about it and aim to restore it, or I was able to find out how the electronic strategy of my car performed. Thinking of my point of ignorance I most likely would aim to defeat the extremely hard. Naturally the only factor I believed about electronic programs is that AC/DC was a rock ring and that dummies and wires usually failed to go along.
On the other hand irrespective of my reluctance, I lay out to discover things i could about auto wires. I promptly discovered that there is

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.876471
Retrieved Text: Primary and Secondary Market, Types of Issues - IPO, FPO, etc.
Really you have done wonderful work through this notes thanks a lot .
I just don't know how to thank you sir. Awesome consolidated material.
Excellent website having a very good amount of information that is necessary for bank exams.Thanks for providing this information.
I have never seen such a website for banking concepts though I browse a lot in internet.One fine day I could discover this amazing website .Good notes and topics and lucid presentation.Keep it Up.
This is a very useful website. One can easily clear their banking related doubts by reading almost everything about banking. Thanks for your hard work.
thanxx alot sir...i needed dis...its awsm!!!!!
Plzz provide recent year updates sirr..
Very elaborate explanations. Topics nicely segregated and very relevant for the banking aspirants. Thanks a lot.
This is the best site i ever visited for banking aspirants .
just one question and request,,,have all committees included till date?? if not please do it.. one complete committees section..
sir please continue kijiye...banking industry ka sab kuch cover kijiye si...your explanation is best..
Sir I found this website very useful and the best part is it is explained in very simple language with simple examples which was easy to connect. However I would like to suggest if you may include topic on KYC, AML ,FATCA, Beneficiary Owner (BO)declaration, KYC of various entities and their common difference, PAN/Form60, these topics are very new and will help existing bankers like us. Again hearties thanks for the good work done and look forward for inclusion of new

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.868117
Retrieved Text: A basic explanation of binary, Boolean logic, and bitwise operators.
A simple tutorial to explain some of the basic uses of the GNU Debugger, GDB.
A basic introduction to programming in functional programming language, Scheme.
A look at how object-oriented programming can be possible with a basic functional programming language such as Scheme.
A simple list of very common mistakes made by both newbie and experienced programmers.
A short article explaining the concepts around data types, and some of the more advanced ways to manipulate them.
An explanation of the definition of, process of computing, and uses of Interpolation in mathematics and numerical computing.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.839868
Retrieved Text: In today’s lesson we will study the present simple and the present progressive tenses. These are very simple. But many students make a mistake and use the wrong one! So we will make sure you know which one to use.
- A sequence of events in the present.
- Something happening right now.
- A plan for the future.
Congratulations - you have completed The Present Simple and Present Progressive Quiz.
Question 1 Explanation:"What do you do?" usually asks your job. It doesn't ask what you are doing right now, for example, watching TV, drinking coffee!
Question 2 Explanation:"What are you doing?" asks what you are doing right now. It doesn't usually ask about your job.
He is being an architect.
It is snowing right now.
I am needing new shoes.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.718928
Retrieved Text: This set of Environmental Engineering Multiple Choice Questions & Answers (MCQs) focuses on “Population Forecasting”.
1. In which method of population forecasting, increase in population from decade to decade is assumed constant?
Explanation: In the arithmetic increase method, Dp/dt = K where Dp/dt = rate of change of population and K is a constant. So, the increase in the population from decade to decade is assumed constant.
2. What is the expression used for population forecasting by the arithmetical increase method?
Explanation: The expression of the arithmetical increase method is given by PO+n*x, where PO is the present population, x is the average of the population increase in known decade and n is the number of decades.
3. In which method of population forecast, percentage increase in population from decade to decade is assumed constant?
Explanation: In the geometrical increase method, percentage increase in population from decade to decade is assumed constant. Percentage increase in population is found from a population of 3 or 4 decades and then its average is found.
4. What is the expression used for population forecasting by the geometrical increase method?
where PO is the present population, R is the average percentage growth rate per decade and n is the number of decades.
5. Which method of population forecast combines both arithmetical increase and geometrical increase method?
Explanation: In the incremental increase method, the population for the next decade is found by adding to the present population, the average increase plus the average incremental increase per decade, hence combines both arithmetical and geometrical methods.
6. What is the expression used for population

================



======= Instance Index 420 =========
Input Text: The word "collapse" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Collapse the music stand.
Sentence 2: The school system is collapsing.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.984161
Retrieved Text: Fredrik Croona Industrial After the release of the debut E.P in 2006, we haven been hungry for more from this EBM/Industrial monster called Panic Lift. And here we are in 2009 with the long awaited debut album called 'Witness to our Collapse'. It's an excellent mixture of angry distorted screams and heart pounding beats with really nice melodies, exactly what this music should be about.
The first song out is called "Everything I have" and it reminds me a little bit of Suicide Commando but with one big difference and that is that they have a really nice piano melody which really makes this song stand out from a lot of the other EBM bands out there. Another song that makes this album stand out is "Hold on" in which they combine heavily distorted vocals and clean vocals, a very nice touch indeed. The only problem here is that I think that the clean vocals fall behind the music and that it could be worked on a bit further.
"Witness of our Collapse" adds another thing to this CD which surprised me even more and that is the distorted guitars. I think the song is pretty flat and kind of boring but it's really nice to hear the variation and the dare to experiment.
After the release of the debut E.P in 2006, we haven been hungry for more from this EBM/Industrial monster called Panic Lift. And here we are in 2009 with the long awaited debut album called 'Witness to our Collapse'. It's an excellent mixture of angry

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.642673
Retrieved Text: A high school wrestler in Iowa died Saturday after collapsing on the mat during a tournament, according to the school.
Spencer High School senior Austin Roberts collapsed during the school's invitational wrestling tournament and later died at Spencer Hospital, the school district said in a statement.
“Anyone that knew him loved him. He was headed for greatness,” Roberts added.
The high school will be open Sunday for grief counseling, according to the statement from the school.
"This is a time for grieving and providing support for Austin's family, the wrestling team family, our school system, and the entire community of Spencer," said district superintendent Terry Hemann.
Spencer High School was named a Varsity Safe Sports School by the National Athletic Trainers' Association, according to the district's Facebook page Friday. A youth wrestling tournament scheduled for Sunday in Spencer, a city of about 11,000 people in the northwest corner of Iowa, has been canceled, according to a post on the Spencer wrestling team’s Facebook page.
Roberts, a 6'4", 220-pound wrestler for Spencer, placed eighth at the Class 2A state tournament last year, according to NBC affiliate KTIV.
The paper reported that Roberts was an offensive and defensive lineman for the school's football team and planned on wrestling and playing football at Iowa Central Community College.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.295668
Retrieved Text: Thomas Davidson is the author of the quirky thrillers, THE MUSEUM OF SUDDEN DISAPPEARANCES and PAST IS PRESENT. His nonfiction has appeared in The Boston Phoenix, and is excerpted in the national bestseller, Missing Beauty, by crime writer Teresa Carpenter. His short fiction has appeared in Mudrock: Stories and Tales, The American Drivel Review, A Twist of Noir, and Powder Burn Flash. His humor column appeared at The Electronic Drivel Review, ADR’s online supplement.
Tom lives and writes in…well…body in Boston, heart in Detroit, head in clouds.
If I learned the answer to that, I’d collapse, be shoved into the back of an ambulance, and rushed to the hospital while strapped to a gurney. Writers should avoid that question unless they have quality health insurance and no deductibles. I don’t. A brief ambulance ride would send me into financial doom. The thought of that inspires me to never ask what inspires me to write.
EACH DAY: Alarm clock, shower, banana, coffee, computer, music, stand up/sit down, coffee, stand up/sit down, change music, stand up/sit down, coffee. Also, endless cups of coffee. Until I blow out my stomach from too much caffeine. and begin to shake like a paint-mixer.
I generally fly by the seat of my pants — Trans-Trousers Airlines. A bad day at the desk (and there are many) means I booked passage on a Bo(r)eing 707, and my wasted effort is about to crash-and-burn. All in all, I’m for whatever works. Outline, free-style, who cares? If your best work is the result of drinking turpentine and standing on

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.09125
Retrieved Text: The children had the opportunity to learn some basic first aid including the recovery position and CPR this afternoon. Initially they started discussing the signs of when someone is choking, then leart about what to do to try and help them. They were all given scenarios and talked through what they would do and had to demonstrate; someone choking on a chip; an old man collapsing in a coffee shop and a child collapsing at school. They were exceptionally well behaved and made me very proud. Please look in the gallery for all the photos.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.279245
Retrieved Text: Free Music Archive: The Fucked Up Beat - collapse!
You came this way: Home > The Fucked Up Beat > (hope! Our Drones Sent Fr… > collapse!
collapse! by The Fucked Up Beat is licensed under a Attribution-ShareAlike License.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.210808
Retrieved Text: The video contains the first track from the upcoming Collapse EP.
Aphex Twin has revealed his music video for “T69 Collapse” from his upcoming Collapse EP, available on the 14th of September.
After Warp revealed the cryptic press release about Aphex Twin’s new Collapse EP, a schedule named Aphex Twin: Collapse was found on Adult Swim’s program at 1:30 A.M this Tuesday. The appointed premiere didn’t happen since the “T69 Collapse” video that was supposed to be streamed couldn’t pass the Harding test, meaning that it was too sensitive towards epileptic viewers.
On the other hand, Warp Records has given further information on the tracklist and release date for Collapse EP.
Watch the video by Weirdcore for “T69 Collapse” below.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.125847
Retrieved Text: Tributes have been paid to a respected and much loved member of York’s school community who has died of natural causes after collapsing at her school.
Karen Doyle, aged 56, was safeguarding and wellbeing team leader at Haxby Road Primary Academy and worked closely all schools in Ebor Academy Trust, especially Robert Wilkinson Primary Academy and more recently Lakeside Primary Academy. Karen provided support to children who for whatever reason sometimes struggled with school. A lot of her work also involved assisting families and partnering with other agencies for their benefit.
Karen was taken to York Hospital after collapsing, where she was cared for by hospital staff at the intensive care unit until she passed away peacefully on Wednesday morning.
Zoe Lightfoot, headteacher at Hempland Primary School and former head at Haxby Road said: “Karen was an inspiration. I feel honoured to have had the opportunity to work so closely with her over the last few years, both as a colleague and as a friend.
Messages of support and condolence have been sent from school leaders and headteachers across the city.
Karen’s career had always been committed to caring for others. She was a registered nurse and from 1992 to 2010 held various positions with children’s charity Barnardo’s working with vulnerable children and families. Her roles included children’s service manager, project worker, senior practictioner and therapeutic worker. During her time with the high profile charity Karen was presented with an award from the Duchess of Cornwall for her work with children and young people.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.091745
Retrieved Text: With galactic subjugation nearly complete, Crasor turns his attention to the Ashamine core worlds. His indomitable fleet surges onward, conquering system after system. All hope seems lost, as the Ashamine continues collapsing under his pressure.
The last book of the Saga, Liberators of the Dawn is a thrilling finale to the epic sci-fi series.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.040077
Retrieved Text: The CEO of the National Entrepreneurship and Innovation Plan (NEIP), Mr. John Kumah, has expressed concerns over the dwindling number of students offering Business Studies in Senior High Schools.
According to the NEIP CEO, data from the Computerized School Selection and Placement System (CSSPS) shows that very few students opted to offer Business studies as a course.
He indicated that the problem is so serious that some heads of Senior High Schools sometimes contemplate on collapsing their business department.
“I am worried. Go to our Senior High Schools and you will see that very few people are studying business. For Instance, the CSSPS data for the Eastern Region shows some schools recorded only four students interested in Business. The intake is low and this for me is a serious problem. We will have a problem in the future if care is not taken,” Mr. Kumah stated.
Speaking at the launch of the Students Entrepreneurship Initiative (SEI) in the Ashanti Region, Mr. Kumah called on all stakeholders to get involved and take the needed action to ensure the nation does not lose critical workforce in the business sector.
He entreated parents to desist from discouraging their wards anytime they express interest in studying business.
The event held at Opoku Ware Senior High School attracted several students who will participate in the Student Entrepreneurship Initiative.
SEI is a flagship programme of the Ministry of Business Development to promote entrepreneurial activities among students in Senior High Schools across the country.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.988095
Retrieved Text: Home » Architecture Acronyms » FFC Meaning in Architecture » What does FFC mean in Architecture?
FFC Meaning in Architecture - What does FFC mean?
The meaning of FFC is Fourth Floor Collapse and other meanings are located at the bottom which take place within Architecture terminology and FFC has 1 different meaning. All meanings which belong to FFC abbreviation are take part only within Architecture terminology and other meanings are not found. If you want to see other meanings, please click the FFC meaning link. Thus, you will be directed to page which indicates all meanings of FFC. Unless there are 1 different meanings FFC abbreviation at the bottom, please search again by typing question structures such as “what does FFC mean in Architecture, the meaning of FFC in Architecture”. Besides, you can search by typing FFC in the search box which is found our website.
Please also find FFC meaning in other sources.
Click and read FFC in Wikipedia.
For find questions and answers, look at search results FFC in Yahoo Answers.
And finally again and again search FFC in Google.
What does FFC stand for Architecture?
We have compiled queries on search engines about FFC acronym in Architecture and we gave place them in our website by selecting the most frequently asked questions. We think you asked a similar question to the search engine to find meaning of the FFC abbreviation in Architecture and we are sure the following list will take your attention.
What does FFC meaning stand for Architecture?
FFC meaning stands for Fourth Floor Collapse.
What is the meaning of FFC

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.938936
Retrieved Text: A concrete spray that keeps walls from crumbling in a quake is being tested in B.C.
UBC researchers have unveiled what could be a game-changer in the seismic upgrade of buildings. And as Aaron McArthur reports, a Vancouver elementary school will get the first real-world application.
A city primed for “The Big One” might seem a perfect place to test a concrete spray that could keep walls from collapsing in an earthquake.
That’s precisely what’s happening at one elementary school, which is being used as a pilot project for a spray developed by engineers at UBC which, they say, could keep walls standing when the shaking begins.
The spray works as a kind of fibre enforcement, bridging cracks in a building’s structure.
“The concrete will continue to take stresses without collapsing,” said Dr. Nemy Banthia, a professor in UBC’s Department of Civil Engineering.
It’s not hard for a concrete wall to collapse in a quake. But a demonstration of this spray showed that a wall kept standing when subject to vigorous shaking on Tuesday.
If it were used around the world, the spray would mean lessened earthquake risk for millions of people — including in B.C., where coastal residents worry about a possible 9.2-magnitude earthquake striking one day.
The material is being sprayed on the walls of Annie B. Jamieson Elementary School in East Vancouver as part of a pilot project; more study is needed before it’s rolled out any further.
One-hundred and fifty schools throughout B.C. are considered “high-risk” when it comes to earthquakes, and there’s no timeline on when they’ll have seismic upgrading

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.919643
Retrieved Text: In-Ground Telescoping Flagpole 9' - 21' – Flagcraft, Inc.
This pole is fully adjustable from 9.5' to 21' and features an anodized polished aluminum finish. The flag of your choice will wave freely with the 360 degree No-Wrap swivel system. Stainless steel snap clips are included. Pole also features the No-Drop Posi-Loc dual-locking system, which prevents the pole from collapsing.
Purchase includes ball ornament, stainless steel flag snaps, no-wrap swivel system, and ground sleeve.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.910237
Retrieved Text: This little penguin is the best student of Kung Fu School. Now, the Antarctic is collapsing due to global warming, train your reaction skill in this jumping game, you need to escape before the ice mountain melting.
Hit the space bar to jump, hit snowmen to slow down and don't hit trees.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.808982
Retrieved Text: Patronage and Bribery during the Reign of Charles V.
The Third World Challenge. Preferences for Development.
The Financial Interdependence of the Economy, 1957 - 1966.
Attlee as I Knew Him.
The Incredible Eurodollar. Or Why the World's Money System is Collapsing.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.793216
Retrieved Text: FIPA filter discs for insertion into the bellows of bellows vacuum cups prevent the soiling of vacuum generators. Your handling system will work reliably longer in environments with dust exposure.
With rings to reinforce the bellows vacuum cups, collapsing under high vacuum is made difficult. FIPA reinforcing rings are available in different diameters and heights.
FIPA fitting rings and adapter discs make the integration of vacuum cups into the gripper system easy.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.747534
Retrieved Text: We see the old system is collapsing and new initiatives are emerging all over the world with a very specific DNA: CO-Paradigm. Which role can we play to accelerate/cultivate the transition?. Let´s map together what is already happening to get inspiration and connect.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.73086
Retrieved Text: Download Collapse Of Burning Buildings Dvd Training Program Collapse Of Burning Buildings Floor Collapse.pdf Video Get totally free mp3 format obtain.
Free Share Ringtone totally free "Collapse Of Burning Buildings Dvd Training Program Collapse Of Burning Buildings Floor Collapse.pdf" Mp3 Collapse Of Burning Buildings Dvd Training Program Collapse Of Burning Buildings Floor Collapse.pdf. This is often only a partial overview study course, make sure you purchase the cd / cassette orginal song Collapse Of Burning Buildings Dvd Training Program Collapse Of Burning Buildings Floor Collapse.pdf to obtain the very best quality from the music, or use as NSP, RBT, I-ring in your cell phone to be a tribute to your singer / musician in an effort to continue to keep Performing.Enjoy right before downloading to ensure that tune Collapse Of Burning Buildings Dvd Training Program Collapse Of Burning Buildings Floor Collapse.pdf it truly is true that you choose to are trying to find. We do not retailer information on our internet hosting and we also weren't upload it, we only connection to them. If there is a broken hyperlink we're not in control of it. Every one of the legal rights about the tunes are definitely the residence of their respective homeowners. Download mp3 Collapse Of Burning Buildings Dvd Training Program Collapse Of Burning Buildings Floor Collapse.pdf free now !!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.648523
Retrieved Text: never had the right to leave.
and tugged for a lean.
feel. you fool, just the same.
like wet thorns, pinky length.
and collapsing into the trunk.
your stark reminder of lonely.
Sofia Herzog is a seventeen-year-old experimental poet from Los Angeles, California. As a senior in high school, she is looking forward to studying creative writing in the future.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.633343
Retrieved Text: "Denial Is Not A Plan; Repeal Obamacare NOW!"
Denial Is Not A Plan; Repeal Obamacare NOW!
With premiums skyrocketing, insurance exchanges collapsing, and companies pulling out of Obamacare left and right, the collapse of the American health care system is occurring right before our eyes.
But while House Republicans have put forth a thoughtful proposal to repeal Obamacare and fix our health care system, Democrats have offered no plan and are in deep denial about how badly Obamacare is failing.
It’s time for our Representatives to come together and save the American health care system.
Tell Congress: Denial Is Not A Plan! Replace Obamacare and Fix the Health Care System NOW!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.602772
Retrieved Text: Don’t be fooled in thinking that Ghanaian popular music record label, Zylofon Media/Music is still vibrant and flourishing amidst Menzgold near-collapse brouhaha. In fact, Zylofon Media/Music as it stands now is in crisis and likely to collapse should the mother company, Menzgold, which is its backbone go down finally.
Looking at how things are unfolding at Zylofon Media/Music with rumours of top management forcing some workers and Artiste Managers to resign, Joyce Blessing’s quitting brouhaha and other problems, it is obvious that the centre is gradually losing and cannot hold anymore.
Now, there have been a number times that Zylofon Media/Music has given the public a hint that indeed, the record label which was once compared to some of the biggest and famous labels in Africa is gradually collapsing.
Asembi.com has monitored some of the utterances of the top management team members, signed artists and insiders which clearly give the public hints that Zylofon Media/Music gradually collapsing.
─Joyce Blessing allegedly quitting the record label: Just recently, the Ghanaian female gospel musician was in the news for allegedly parting ways with the record label over lack of financial support and a host of other problems. News of the “I Swerve” hitmaker leaving the record label gave a hint that indeed Zylofon Media/Music is collapsing.
─Joyce Blessing revealing that Artist Managers have been forced to resign: Joyce in an interview concerning her decision to quit Zylofon Media/Music with Rainbow FM monitored by Entamoty Live (an entertainment YouTube channel), she revealed that Zylofon Media/Music Artist Managers were allegedly asked to resign adding that top

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.4264765
Retrieved Text: The resulting effort is one that is distinctly R.E.M.: pure sonic goodness.
Collapse Into Now is the band’s best record since New Adventures in Hi-Fi.
Collapse Into Now is a fine album, and one that's far better than any band together for three decades has any right to be.
Bits and pieces from every great R.E.M. record are present on Collapse Into Now, but the ease with which the band once combined these elements is now tenuous and hard-fought.
Even as part timers, nobody should be surprised that R.E.M. can still make excellent music, though perhaps great albums now elude them.
Instead of being focused on a goal as Accelerate was, Collapse into Now finds the trio slipping back into bad habits by indulging itself.
Collapse Into Now is an alright record by a legendary band. It sounds and feels like R.E.M. should but just isn't all that interesting or fresh.
Purchasing Collapse Into Now from Amazon helps support Album of the Year. Or consider a donation?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.389774
Retrieved Text: A music video confronting ongoing catastrophes that are the very fabric of our globalised economic order, the faultlines between humanity and nature.
Cite/attribute Resource. anna. (January 30, 2013). Colony Collapse (Filastine). Retrieved April 23, 2019, from Plumi demo site Web site: http://demo.plumi.org/Members/anna/videos/colony-collapse-filastine.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.328249
Retrieved Text: Full titles read: "ETON STEEPLECHASE"
M/S boys in school caps watching the Eton steeplechase in Berkshire. Various shots of the race in progress. Several shots of the boys jumping over large dyke (most land in the middle of the muddy water). L/S of the winner passing through finishing tape and collapsing tot he group exhausted.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.319184
Retrieved Text: Choral retreat provided reminder that the conductor directs the audience's attention as much as the singers' intent.
My musical summer consists of two events on back-to-back weekends. It wasn’t planned this way, but it’s the way life turned out.
At the end of June, my wife and I participated in the first Dorian Choral Retreat at Luther College. As a graduate of the college, I welcomed the chance for adults to come together and make music under the direction of the new choral faculty engaged by Luther. The death of the legendary Weston Noble created a hole in the Luther tapestry. The new director of choral activities, Andrew Last, has big shoes to fill and he has shown he is more than prepared to assume the mantle of leadership.
We had the opportunity to work with the arranger of one of our pieces, participate in a conducting master class, and hear from a renowned Chicago-based soloist about her research into the maturing voice.
I volunteered to conduct in the master class; I hadn’t had a conducting class in 39 years. I figured I could stand a few pointers in being a better conductor. Three others also had volunteered to be the human guinea pigs. I was hoping to be tucked away somewhere in the middle or to have time run out; but no, Richard was first.
We found out which pieces were options Thursday night and I confirmed which piece I preferred at registration on Friday before conducting on Saturday. I like to memorize music and I had little time to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.318088
Retrieved Text: 32-oz. bags for Germstar touch less dispenser. Easy to replace. Effective sanitizer against disease-causing germs -- colds, flu's, viruses, and fungi. Factory sealed refill pouches guarantee contamination-free product. Solution contained in airtight, self-collapsing bag. No waste. Up to 1,500 washes. Small magnetic valve contained in bag stem is the only moving part in this touchless dispensing system. 6 per case.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.316714
Retrieved Text: Loss of conscience of the pet or physical strength. Collapsing is never normal in either a dog or a cat. The loss of conscience may be caused by a lack of blood in the brain, which can be dangerous. Also a hit to the head can cause a dog or cat to lose conscious. Always consult a veterinarian in case of a collapse of your cat or dog.
If your pet suddenly falls down, it’s a sign of an emergency. Your pet will most likely be unable to stand back up and may also lose consciousness or appear confused or anxious when they collapse.
Your pet may collapse due to loss of consciousness, stress, trauma, physical exhaustion or dehydration. Possible underlying conditions include heart failure, heart disease, hypoglycemia, or another existing condition.
Seek emergency veterinary care immediately. Your veterinarian will take your pet\'s blood pressure, run several blood tests, and use an Electrocardiogram to look at your pet\'s heart.
Treatment varies depending the cause of the collapse.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.249348
Retrieved Text: The Upper East Regional Youth Organizer of the opposition National Democratic Congress (NDC), Abraham Azumah Lambon, has expressed his dissatisfaction over the decision of the Education Ministry to introduce a new uniform for basic schools, with a stern call on authorities to rethink the entire policy.
The Ministry of Education last week made the announcement of reforms to the current educational system including the replacement of the existing primary school curriculum and the introduction of a new school uniform to replace the old “Tea and Bread” uniform used by basic school pupils.
The new uniform will come into effect in September 2019 and it is said to be a psychological strategy to make the pupils see themselves as part of the Senior High School educational system.
The Ministry also stated that the introduction of the new uniform was to make the country’s educational system fall in line with international best practice, which requires a review every five years.
But the NDC Regional Youth Organiser has raised some concerns of procurement infractions and the lack of prioritization– strongly disagreeing with government and the Ministry on the policy.
In a statement signed and issued in Bolgatanga on Tuesday, Mr. Lambon questioned why the Education Minister will introduce a new uniform and award a contract to the sum of Ghc 350 million at a time when government is struggling to address difficulties in the educational sector including the lack of furniture and printed examination papers.
“We are determined to ensure that policies militating against the interest of our students at all levels are fought. Why

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.248923
Retrieved Text: Some of us are old enough to remember when homeschooling in America was illegal, and for that matter, unheard of. Even private Christian schools were under great pressure from local and state governments to conform to stringent regulations. In view of such oppression, homeschooling looked like an impossible dream—an unreachable star. But in the 1980s some brave parents ventured out on a limb to pioneer this epic undertaking in the face of strong opposition in high places.
Necessity is not only the mother of invention; it is the mother of desperation. Some parents hit the panic button. Others caught a vision. The public school system was going down hill, academically, morally, and spiritually. It still is. Public school mediocrity is feeding the homeschool movement, which is growing in numbers, experience, and quality.
The record shows that the accusations of its critics are collapsing like a house of cards. On average, homeschooled students are running rings around their public “educated” counterparts. Now, who’s hitting the panic button? The worm is turning, but the opposition is rising once again!
A MYTH popular with the governing class and recently parroted by Attorney General Eric Holder holds that a law banning homeschooling entirely would violate no fundamental liberties.
Alert! Homeschooling families are again in danger, not only in Sweden and Germany, but right here in America. Attorney General Eric Holder has stated that a law that bans homeschooling entirely violates no fundamental liberties.
Michael Farris, Founder and chairman of the Home School Legal Defense Association, has taken the case of the Romeike family (a German

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.237602
Retrieved Text: The identity of the student has not been released by school officials as of Monday afternoon. No information was immediately released on how the student died.
Assistant superintendent of government and community relations for Brevard Public Schools discusses the death of a seventh grader at DeLaura Middle School Monday.
A seventh-grade boy died at DeLaura Middle School in Satellite Beach Monday afternoon after collapsing between classes, according to school officials.
"In between class changes around midday, he collapsed and was unresponsive," Brevard Public Schools spokeswoman Jennifer Wolfinger said. "The school staff got to him right away, as well as emergency medical staff."
The student was then transported to a local hospital, and school administrators were informed that he had passed away later in the afternoon.
Grief counselors are already on campus and will be present tomorrow as well, Wolfinger said.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.216984
Retrieved Text: Set up your keyboard with the Gator Frameworks Platform-style Keyboard Stand. This rugged steel table is ideal for keyboards, mixers, and other gear. The legs collapse for easy set up, tear down, and storage. Leveling feet let you adjust the table for any surface. Expand your rig with the Gator Frameworks Platform-style Keyboard Stand.

================



======= Instance Index 26 =========
Input Text: The word "leave" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Leave lots of time for the trip.
Sentence 2: This leaves no room for improvement.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 19.991583
Retrieved Text: STUDENT The afterschool program will be in Mrs. Cool’s room today. Track Meet today at home. Anyone interested in playing IESA golf, please see Mr. Campbell.
STUDENT The afterschool program will be in Mrs. Pickerill’s room today. Anyone interested in playing IESA golf, please see Mr. Campbell. CSI today during lunch. Kevin Purdy will be here.
STUDENT The afterschool program will be in Mrs. Pickerill’s room today. Friday, January 15th is the end of the nine weeks. Report cards go out Thursday, March 21st.
STUDENT The afterschool program will be in Miss Wahlfeldt’s room after school. Scholastic Bowl meet at Armstrong. Please dismiss players 2:55. Bus leaves at 3:00. Don’t forget that Fun Night is this Saturday and it starts at 4:00 p.m. Come and enjoy the inflatables and the auction starts at 6:00 p.m.
STUDENT The afterschool program will be in Mrs. Pickerill’s room after school. No Board Club game today. Scholastic Bowl meet at Oakwood. Bus leaves at 3:00. Please dismiss team members at 2:55 p.m.
STUDENT EARLY DISMISSAL AT 11:40 TODAY FOR SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT. No Board Club game on Monday. 8th grade volleyball will play tomorrow at 10:00 a.m.
STUDENT EARLY DISMISSAL AT 11:40 TOMORROW FOR SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT. EAGLE HOUR SCHEDULE TODAY! DETENTIONS TODAY. REPORT TO MR. FOSTER’S ROOM AFTER SCHOOL. The after school program will be in Mr. Packard’s room today. Scholastic Bowl bus leaves at 2:45 today for Chrisman.
STUDENT EARLY DISMISSAL AT 11:40 THIS FRIDAY, MARCH 1ST FOR SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT. The after school program will be in Mr. Packard’s room today. Today, Wednesday, February 27, during lunch

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.690853
Retrieved Text: Here we have found several different types of dining room tables with leaves design ideas, and if you are serious about searching for the best furniture design ideas, you can come to us. The Attractive Dining Room Tables With Leaves Other Dining Room Tables With Leafs Dining Room Tables With Leaves is one of the pictures that are related to the picture before in the collection gallery. The exactly dimension of Attractive Dining Room Tables With Leaves Other Dining Room Tables With Leafs Dining Room Tables With Leaves is 642×482 pixels published by simply Andi. You can also look for some pictures that related of Home Furniture Ideas by scroll down to collection on below this picture. If you want to find the other picture or article about Dining Room Tables With Leaves just push the gallery or if you are interested in similar pictures of Attractive Dining Room Tables With Leaves Other Dining Room Tables With Leafs Dining Room Tables With Leaves, you are free to browse through search feature that located on top this page or random post section at below of this post. We hope it can help you to get information of this picture.
That image of Attractive Dining Room Tables With Leaves Other Dining Room Tables With Leafs Dining Room Tables With Leaves is a part of antique dining room tables with leaves, dining room table leaf brackets, dining room table leaves covers, and just one of our Picture Collection we have to home furniture ideas in this site. If you’re inspired,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.21151
Retrieved Text: This Plainview listing includes an additional lot, where the taxes and lot size are already reflected in the listing price. The living room holds a home-like feeling with its fireplace, and the full basement leaves much room for improvement. You must see this three bedroom one bath bungalow to appreciate its home-like charm.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.90519
Retrieved Text: The stock exhaust system on the BMW 135i leaves a lot of room for improvement. It does a good job at suppressing exhaust noise, but also corks what is otherwise a wonderful sound. cp-e™ has designed a two part system, the QuickPower™ and the Austenite™ Cat Back system, to get the most out of your 135i.
Earn up to 51 BoostBucks.
The stock exhaust system on the BMW 135i leaves a lot of room for improvement. It does a good job at suppressing exhaust noise, but also corks what is otherwise a wonderful sound. cp-e™ has designed a two part system, the QuickPower™ BMW 135 Test Pipes and the Austenite™ Cat Back system, to get the most out of your 135i.
We improved upon the factory system, with our QuickPower™ BMW 135 Test Pipes, by enlarging the mid-pipes by approximately 0.25″ to accommodate increased turbocharger duty. The single resonator cross-over is replaced with our optional dual 8-inch hybrid mufflers, or you can option out these mufflers for the least restriction possible. We believe that the cp-e™ QuickPower™ provides the perfect blend of performance and sound without any of the drawbacks from which most aftermarket exhausts typically suffer.
The cp-e™ QuickPower™ replaces the middle section, which includes the pipes from the downpipes to the axle. Or opt to replace everything from the downpipe back, which includes our Austenite™ Cat Back Exhaust. No matter which options you choose, the cp-e™ 135i exhaust is a 100% bolt-in system that requires no cutting, grinding, or welding. Welcome to the product of serious engineering.
The cp-e™

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.637222
Retrieved Text: omaha nebraska train station photograph of the in central city home improvement license.
boys red pajamas dragon home improvement cast karen.
trex cars t rex for sale used.
teal yellow and grey living room gray rooms decor idea.
floral print mother of the bride dresses lace sleeve dress.
mini ciroc bottle price monkey gin apple small.
roses with leaves black spots.
making a charm bracelet have you seen all the leather bracelets everywhere rage now can make your own quickly and easily with this tutorial pandora.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.529259
Retrieved Text: Saturday morning I leave for NYC and my schedule is jam packed with lunches, dinners and lots of wine! And of course my brothers gradutation!
These are my regular spots and I can’t wait to be back!
Have a great trip! Time to scoot down to Philly for a dinner?
Hi! Unfortunately I only have a short week before returning to Norway. But I hope to come back for a longer trip soon!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.2039
Retrieved Text: Leave Your car to us!
Parking lots close to Modlin Airport. Check us today!
On 16th July 2012 Modlin Airport will start operation on domestic and international flights. Are you going on vacation or a business trip ? Your trip will be more comfortable with us.
Parking Lotnisko-Modlin is the first alternative to the main airport parking!
We offer safe and inexpensive parking space located just 2 - 3 minutes drive from the Airport! Leave your car and get transfered to the terminal by our quick and comfortable shuttle service!
When planning a trip please take into account going through the city. Between 7.00 a.m. and 09.00 a.m. there can be traffic on the entrance to the city from every direction. Between 3.30 p.m. and 7.00 p.m traffic can occur on the roads going out of the city. Several streets in Warsaw are closed, and as a result there can be some additional difficulties (especially on Mondays and Fridays, the journey time can be prolonged). Fort those customers, who plan to arrive to our parking from Lublin, Rzeszów, Radom, Rawa Mazowiecka in the time mentioned above, it’s advisable to leave home earlier.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.814613
Retrieved Text: Tomorrow, I leave for my second visit to Tokyo. This time, I'm going with someone I love. That someone also speaks Japanese. I can't wait!!!
I am so glad that even though this is only a 3-day trip, I can still feel the rush of travel whirring though me as I start to pack. Lots of cherry blossom videos coming up, just for you.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.781208
Retrieved Text: The Bowen Technique is a remedial, hands-on therapy that is applied using very gentle pressure. The practitioner uses thumbs and fingers on precise points of the body to perform Bowen’s unique sets of rolling-type moves which stimulate the muscles and soft tissue of the body. There is no manipulation or adjustment of hard tissue and no force is used. In between each set of moves, the practitioner leaves the room. These pauses and the gentleness of the treatment are what make Bowen unique.
The experience of a treatment is gentle, subtle and relaxing. It is believed that the Bowen Technique prompts the body to reset, repair and balance itself and clients report the experience of pain relief, improvement of function and recovery of energy.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.70799
Retrieved Text: Category: BLOG | Page 6 | Smart Home Choice Inc.
How Hard Is It To Leave Your Full Time Job?
How Hard are Your RRSP’s Working For You?
A Trip to the U.S. We recently came home from a 5 day stay in Auburn Hills, Michigan. The weather was great, the shopping amazing and lots of dining options.
Is Now the Right Time to Invest? What Happened to the U.S.?
Is it Possible to Have a Win Win Scenario?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.578852
Retrieved Text: We actually tried to leave our cameras behind a bit on this trip, but managed to grab a few shots that we wanted to share!
We'd both been to Charleston once before, but separately, so we couldn't wait to visit together. Delyn visited in 2015 when shooting for a fashion line, and I visited in 2013 with the Dovetail Companies employee appreciation trip-- very different experiences but both gave us a desire to come back and see more. Bottom line: Del got to see the prettiest places last time and I got to explore the downtown/historic districts and eat lots of food. Needless to say, we both kind of wanted to see the other half of the experience. So Delyn took me back to the places he shot (Magnolia Plantation and Gardens) and I made sure to balance out plenty of walking, sightseeing, and restaurants.
An added bonus was that we got to stay an extra night because my brother lives in Charleston (can't wait to visit again), so we arrived a whole day before our AirBNB reservation to spend some time having him show us around! After two days of LOTS of walking, exploring, and eating we decided to RELAX on Saturday by spending a day at Folly Beach with more family that was in for the day. All in all, we might not have a crazy lineup of photos to share, but our trip was a perfect first getaway to explore the area!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.553185
Retrieved Text: Hi folks! It’s been a little while but we wanted to check in, say hello and let you know we haven’t thrown in the towel on blogging. We’ve had a great summer filled with some quality family time and lots of friend’s wedding, birthday and bachelorette celebrations! Farrell recently started a new job and I have been busy working on developing my vintage shop, The Disco Emporium (take a look at many of my new pieces here). Tomorrow I leave for a three week trip to Bali and Java! I’m super excited and hope to post lots of pictures while I’m away. We’re going to get back to a regular blogging schedule once I’m back but in the mean time we’ll be posting a bit here and there.
Hoping all is well in your world!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.524942
Retrieved Text: We got out today before the storm hits, had another amazing day. We got 6 limits of Lingcod and rockfish added 2 limits of ocean crab. We saw 4 whales and over 100 dolphins. It was a terrific day on the ocean today.
The Deep-Water Lingcod & Rockfish charter is Pacific Charter Service’s signature trip. It has the reputation for being the best fishing charter of the Oregon Coast, and customers have been 100% satisfied year after year fishing with us. We know people want to catch lots of big fish, have a great memorable experience, and leave at the end of the day feeling as though they made new friends. That’s what it’s all about!
Charter fishing trips never have more than six customers at a time, plus two crew. Customers can enjoy personalized service without the crowded environment. This makes for a friendly and relaxed guided fishing trip, which is great for families and avid sport fishermen alike. All the bait & tackle is provided. Each fishing charter starts with a fresh cup of coffee at check-in at our charter office, and then a short walk to board our boat. Travel time is about 30 minutes once we leave the dock to arrive at our fishing destination, which is about 8 miles South of the jetty. Captain Curt will provide all the help and coaching needed to ensure you have a successful fishing trip.
Charter fishing out of Coos Bay offers an experience of a lifetime. Charleston, Oregon is the marina complex that serves Coos Bay, and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.256493
Retrieved Text: Here is a compassionate letter I wrote to myself as part of my journey in learning to love who I am.
Self-doubt is something I, along with many others, experience on a day-to-day basis. In fact, the only reason I held off from creating a blog until now was because I didn't feel that I was good enough. I am constantly doubting whether my writing is of the same quality as others, and I know not to compare my work to others (we all have different styles after all) but it doesn't stop me from thinking that what I produce isn't as good as it could be. It is for this reason I suppose, that I hesitate before calling myself a writer. Instead, I call myself an aspiring writer. The word aspiring leaves some wiggle room. It clearly shows my aim, but leaves enough space for improvement.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.235594
Retrieved Text: Posted on 24 Mar 2017.
I'm very excited to give you a sneak preview of my forthcoming project with regular collaborator and friend David Lyttle. David has been given a major award from the Arts Council of Northern Ireland. This grant will fund a US tour, the details of which we have been planning for well over a year.
It's only a few days till we leave, so I thought I'd let you year about some of what we have planned. The trip lasts 30 days, and will take place over the month of April. During this time we will be travelling from Los Angeles right across to New York, stopping at everywhere in between. I'm really looking forward to the performances. We will be performing in established arts venues, as well as some more unusual performance environments! I'm really looking forward to collaborating with lots of exciting musicians, and making lots of new friends! We will be vlogging the trip for MOBO Awards, so you can keep up to date with the trip on their YouTube channel MOBO TV.
I must also acknowledge the support of Arts Council England, who have very generously supported my involvement in the project. I will be using their support to make contacts, and compose music based on the experiences, which will form the basis for my next album, set to be recorded in December 2017.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.216743
Retrieved Text: Bags are packed (almost!), camera batteries charged, memory cards wiped and ready for action!
I leave in a few hours for Glasgow airport, then on to Dubai for a brief stop-over before continuing on to Osaka.
This will be my second trip to the Kansai region of Japan, but my first with the new camera, so I’m looking forward to re-shooting a few of the places I enjoyed visiting first time around.
The EOS 5D Mark III has a much better sensor than my previous camera, so I’m also looking forward to shooting some of the locations where low light and no tripod stopped me last time!
I normally concentrate on landscapes and architecture when I’m travelling but on this trip I’m hoping to try to capture something of the Japanese people and culture too… so fingers crossed!
One thing is for sure – I’ll be taking LOTS of photos!
I won’t have any way of uploading images directly from the camera while I’m away, but, I will try to upload as many “behind the scenes” shots from my iPhone as I go!
I hope you enjoy accompanying me on this trip!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.192163
Retrieved Text: Cruises can bring you to places like San Francisco, Victoria, Vancouver, Caribbean, Asia, Europe, South America, New Zealand, etc. In this few decades there are more and more traffics on any roads, so of course it became harder to drive and also takes longer time to get to a place. Most people will not want to be stock in any traffics when they are on a vacation. So choose to go on a vacation in a cruise will be a good way to get out of busy roads, in this case you can enjoy lots of entertainment center in the cruise.
Cruises that leave from Seattle have lots of routes that go to many places on the west coast. There are choices for you such as you can go to three different place in one trip, or there are choices of short trip, too. Which only bring you to one place. This kind of short trip will be good for you if you just want to go somewhere on weekend for two or three days.
On cruises there are free Wi-Fi, swimming pool, water slides, bar, and restaurants for dining. Also the light that every cruises light at night is a super beautiful view that people always want to see and take pictures for memories. Each cruise lines have multiple deals for customers to choose, so you can find the deal that fits you the best and go on a trip on the oceans for days! Maybe someday you will want to take cruises to go travel all

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.147991
Retrieved Text: Make sure you pack lots of snacks and drinks. This will save you if you don’t come across any place to eat, and it’ll save you money. Make sure you have lots of bottled water and pre-packed snacks. You might want to create each person in the car their own snack pack to eat as they wish. However, you might want everybody to eat their snacks together to deter a person from eating all of theirs at once and getting hungry again later.
If possible, take it in turns to drive. This gives each of you a chance to rest and stay safe. You can also stay on the road for longer, stopping you from needing to stop for a rest or sleep. You’ll get to where you’re going faster this way and have the chance to enjoy the road trip without being behind the wheel the whole time.
Driving at night can be so much easier for many reasons. Leaving at night can be more peaceful – while your kids sleep in the back, you and your driving partner can have uninterrupted conversations. You can get to where you’re going faster too, as there won’t be as many cars on the road, or distractions. If you want a peaceful, hassle free drive, this could be the way to do it. If you don’t want to leave in the middle of the night, consider leaving early in the morning instead.
Make sure everybody in the car stays as safe as possible on the drive to where you’re going. Ensure

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.132795
Retrieved Text: well... i aint got nowt much to say..
watching an innocent lamb get tortured for a whole day, then being taken to safety..
that song for the end credits was Brackish, by Kittie, if im not mistooken.
do all the creatures meet their demise in your fables (;_;), the lil screams are funny though (^^), the ending music was cool too!
This movie was pretty funny, and the ending was good, but it kinda lasted forever.And in the end the violence was a bit tedious. It leaves room for improvement. A solid 7.
uh' lampchops? whata way to go!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.025032
Retrieved Text: At KareBear kennels we will look after your dog as if they were one of our own.
Work full time, part time or even just going out for a day trip and don't want to leave your dog on their own? Leave them with us for the day and we will take care of them.
We supply the quality food for your dog during their stay with us, if they are on a special diet you can supply the food.
All our kennels are heated during the colder months to keep your dogs warm and cosy, to make them feel at home.
We take your dogs out to play regularly to make sure they get lots of exercise during their stay at KareBear Kennels.
for dogs or more days please contact KareBear Kennels.
All dogs must have up to date vaccinations before staying with us and we highly recommend kennel cough vaccinations before your dogs come.
© KareBear Kennels and Doggy Day Care, all rights reserved.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.0169
Retrieved Text: I went yesterday to the press conference for the release of the Food Policy Action 2015 Scorecard.
Food Policy Action aims to improve national discussions of food policy issues by informing the public about how elected officials vote on these issues. Hence: the Scorecard.
In the Senate, for example, there were just 5 bills to be voted on an 10 that were co-sponsored (but not voted on). In the House, there were votes on 10 bills and 12 that were co-sponsored (no vote). This leaves lots of room for improvement, even among the best.
The speakers explained to the kids that the Scorecard gave grades to members of Congress, just like they get, and took them through a discussion of thumbs up and thumbs down appraisals of legislators’ votes on key food issues. Congress is doing a little better this year than last, they said, but still has a long way to go.
Those of us in New York are lucky. Both of our Senators, Kirsten Gillbrand and Charles Schumer scored 100.
Here are my reports on the Scorecards from 2013 and 2014. The Scorecard is a great first step in holding legislators accountable.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.009798
Retrieved Text: - Weather Talk previals again! Where do YOU keep your thermostat?
- Hampton Inn - John's outgrown them. They look like Grandma's Closet.
- Where do you stay? Michael wants stuff done for him.
- Christine's trip to Disneyland - lots to go over in a short time.
- Lightning round of favorites.
- What's your Disney age?
- Churro discussion - Christine got a bad churro.
- Take It or Leave It - Short Trips. Christine says no. John leaves it. Michael takes it with conditions. Gary leaves it - we think. Cindy takes it!
- Myrtle Beach and Ocean City crazy crowds.
- Star Wars stuff coming to Disney's Hollywood Studios - maybe soon to be Disney's Hollywood Adventure. Lots of changes ahead.
- Quick hit topics, Epcot breakfast. DVC Expansion at Wilderness Lodge. Disney Quest closing. TCM changes to Great Movie Ride.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.008862
Retrieved Text: We have now raised 25% of our fundraising goal! A heartfelt thanks to all those who have so generously supported our mission trip so far! But we still have a long way to go and only over two weeks until we leave for Honduras so please keep the donations coming!
We now have a fundraising website for the project where you can donate online and receive thank you gifts for your donation.
We completely understand if you aren't able to donate. Thank you for taking the time to visit our blog. There are definitely lots of other ways you can help us though!
Keep us in your thoughts/prayers - This is probably the most important part of our entire project so please keep the prayers and thoughts coming!
A group of children from last years mission trip waiting to be seen by the doctors.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.992044
Retrieved Text: modern rustic pendant lighting modern rustic pendant lighting bathroom light for barn and fixtures lightning mcqueen real car.
kids bbq grill play grill grill inserts custom grill inserts grill pretend play grill play grill home improvement wilson.
room design program grow room design living room furniture a finding basement grow room design simple grow room setups grow room design room layout design software free download.
deep fitted king sheets percale extra deep fitted sheet ochre super king deep fitted sheets king size cream.
teardrop light fixture teardrop light fixture related post glass teardrop light fixture teardrop light fixture glass teardrop light fixture.
mackenzie childs christmas this entire experience was magical filled with whimsy and cheer i think back so many years ago when i received my very first mackenzie childs christmas stockings.
htp boilers reviews in htp uft boiler reviews.
days of the week hanging organizer days of the week closet organizer for kids kids closet organizer large size of closet in days of the week closet organizer days of week hanging organizer.
building a covered deck backyard patio cover tips thoughts ideas and construction details of building a covered deck while it outside covers building a deck cost calculator.
table leaf storage hidden table leaves want this for leaf storage table leaf storage ideas.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.9825
Retrieved Text: One main reason why interior remodeling Lovely Bathroom Sink Knobs #2 Bathroom Sink Close Up is extremely well-liked by homeowners is the fact that it increases the value of a property. Whether you would like to boost the valuation or the features of your house, these improvements from Carol Perez will bring any homeowners to attain both objectives.
The entrance door is the first to greet guest and that means you have to change it to give your guests better feeling. This basic improvement can increase curb appeal and requires little servicing. Should you need to select between solid wood or metal front doors, you must prioritize steel entry doors.
One more preferred renovation is constructing wood outdoor patio. Browse the web for wood deck area Lovely Bathroom Sink Knobs #2 Bathroom Sink Close Up photographs and you can ascertain why the valuation on your house can soar high after adding up this lovely building.
From the inside, it is best to emphasize kitchen improvement in the interior decoration project Bathroom Sink Knobs. A small improvement including things like cabinet doors, appliances, countertops, hardware, and anything that leaves the main configuration as well as key elements of the room remain the same.
Before you begin the improvement Lovely Bathroom Sink Knobs #2 Bathroom Sink Close Up plan, you need to conduct a proper due diligence, to ensure that you are getting the best bang for your dollar with each plan.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.976206
Retrieved Text: It is generally believed that democracy, though not perfect, is yet the best form of government created by man. However, with all its merits, democracy leaves room for improvement. This book is an attempt to point out and remove the defects of democracy. Decentralization is necessary for social justice and participation in decision-making. People must be provided political literacy. It is unrealistic to expect illiterate and ill-informed people to understand political and economic issues rationally and comprehensively. Furthermore, democracy without accountability means little. As such, all those who exercise political power must be accountable for their decisions. Among rights, the freedom of expression is of fundamental importance.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.941729
Retrieved Text: Hotels Fairy is a FREE service to save you money. We never add any fees or commissions.
A Fabulous Stag Party On A Tight Budget, We Have You Covered!
Motorcycle touring in the UK can be a great way to take an interesting vacation, see lots of new places, and enjoy some of the best small town destinations and beautiful scenery in the UK.
While you may want to carry a combination of a bit of cash, traveler’s checks, and a credit card, it’s important to have at least one credit card option for your trip. Leave your debit card at home, since it doesn’t come with the innate protection of a credit card, especially if you’re a victim of theft while you’re on the road.
If you don’t already have a credit card, apply for a low-interest card with a reasonable limit. This could also act as your “emergency fund” in case your motorcycle needs service when you’re on the road in the UK.
Before you leave, contact your credit card company to let them know you’ll be traveling in the UK. Some companies will automatically shut down your card at the first sign of a charge from a foreign country, assuming that your card has been stolen.
By alerting your credit card company, you can avoid this problem so that you can use your card whenever you need to on your trip.
If you’re taking your own motorcycle on your touring trip, have it thoroughly serviced before you leave. If it breaks down on the road, you’re likely to get stuck

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.902178
Retrieved Text: Tomorrow I will be going to Lebanon for two weeks, inshallah. It's been the toughest year of university so far and I can't wait to leave rainy London! Right now I'm attempting to pack, catch up on emails and schedule blog posts to go up whilst I'm away. I'm going to try and take a lot more photos than last time (which I posted here and here), and of course that'll include my favourite hijab shops! There are lots more excited things planned for Hijab Style, so watch this space!
oh have a safe journey!
Have safe and relaxing trip Insha'Allah.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.808498
Retrieved Text: What good is a vacation if you’re sick when you get to your destination? And what was the point of all that great rest and relaxation if you’re sick when you get back home?
It’s true that travel can increase your risk of catching a bug, and it’s so common for people to get sick when they return from a trip that doctors have a term for it: leisure sickness. But maybe it’s not travel that directly causes illness. How many people do you think would come down with leisure sickness if they spent more time making sure their immune systems were protecting them properly?
There are lots of tips and tricks out there for saving your vacation once you get sick. We’ve got 5 tips for you to use right now that will help ensure you get the benefits from your time away this holiday season.
There are lots of reasons people get sick while they’re traveling. The air you breathe while on an airplane is extremely dry, making it tougher to protect against the sniffles of that noisy child behind you. This dry air can also amplify dehydration, adding another layer of stress to your natural defenses. Sleep deprivation, from flying or driving long distances, rapidly changing time zones and climates, or even simply to failing to get rest somewhere that isn’t your own bed, all take a huge toll on the immune system.Take the time your body needs to prepare for the changes you’re about to put it through. Taking an extra day off before you

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.762817
Retrieved Text: OK, we've still got variable winds, rain and GOOD SWELL! It's running overhead, to slightly bigger on sets. We got lots of pictures today - Roberto was busy. Check 'em out. We surfed a good break South of San Juan Del Sur, call Playa Remanso. It was a great wave. Check out the pics. This is the first Brown sighting of the trip.
Pic 4 - the Viking spent plenty of time behind the cortina.
And how could we leave out a sequence of Mr. Brown. Pic 1.
Pic 4 - good to have you Mr. Brown.

================



======= Instance Index 244 =========
Input Text: The word "glow" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A glow of regret.
Sentence 2: The glow of new love.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.054825
Retrieved Text: Of her whose eyes outblazed the skyey fires.
Of gods were steeped in paradisic glow.
Like that which blazed o'er conquering Constantine.
"A Regret" Poetry.net. STANDS4 LLC, 2019. Web. 26 Apr. 2019. <https://www.poetry.net/poem/28533/a-regret>.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.3511
Retrieved Text: A skin clinic that believes premium pampering can be practical.
We believe that beauty doesn’t need to come with baggage.
Beauty shouldn’t come with compromise, insecurity, regret, or remorse. True beauty glows from inside out. We believe beauty never comes with baggage—it is unencumbered, free, and light.
Our services are handled by our trained professionals and courteous staff. Our goal is to provide luxury aesthetics treatments at affordable prices.
Learn more about the industry premium equipment that we use in unleashing your inner Glow.
Stay up-to-date with the latest Glow promos and discounts.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.08749
Retrieved Text: Your skin requires moisture to keep it looking healthy and feeling supple. Skin that is low on moisture is often dry and itchy. Quench the dryness of your skin and give it a natural healthy glow with our luxury line of handmade body oils. Restore your skins natural radiance, you won't regret it.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.01923
Retrieved Text: This is my version of the string bikini(last years Mano Bottoms) You have the pastel day glow brights on one side and the retro wavy line pattern on reverse.
PreOrder THIS ! Don’t miss out on this bikini you will regret it Limited Stock!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.656746
Retrieved Text: Henry Happened Is Now Hello Natural!
It’s true: We have a new name!
After three years of bringing you plenty of pretty, simple crafts and DIYs (and honoring my son Henry, who is now 4 and getting old enough to be embarrassed that he has a blog named after him), we’re expanding into new, natural territory.
I picked the name Hello Glow on a whim, but I was never a mom blogger – what I love is making stuff and sharing that. And over the past 6 months I’ve found my passion with natural beauty and wellness. So I’m taking the (somewhat scary) plunge and changing the name!
Hello Glow is about a holistic approach to well-being—the idea that with a little know-how and the right tools, you can be empowered to live a healthy, balanced life. You’ll still find all the things you love about Hello Glow, like homemaking solutions, DIY projects, home-spa treatments and healthy recipes. They’ll just have a new home—and there will be more of them.
The icing on the (homemade, of course) cake? Brand new stuff: natural beauty tutorials, eco-friendly style tips, detox plans, shopping guides, wellness advice, green cleaning how-tos and more. And a super-pretty, easy-to-use new site to help you find it all.
HelloGlow.com will automatically redirect to HelloGlow.co. If you find any broken links or other technical issues, please let me know.
If you’re subscribed via RSS or email, don’t worry – it will remain the same!
You can now find us on Instagram – we’re @hello_natural! And on Pinterest at pinterest.com/hello_natural.
Other social media accounts will

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.333675
Retrieved Text: Click the button below to add the Coral Glow Pinstripe Ball Python for sale (Python regius) to your wish list.
We have incredible captive bred Coral Glow Pinstripe Ball Pythons for sale at super low prices.
They are all well started babies, and are eating mice or rat chubs with no hesitation. All hand picked, beautiful Coral Glow Ball pythons.
When you buy a ball python from us you get live arrival gaurantee!
We ship our pythons FED EX overnight. Most packages arrive by 10:30am. If you live in a smaller town, or in a rural area it may arrive between 12-4pm.
He arrived wide awake and rarin' to go -- and hungry, to boot! 'Took down a hopper that evening. I've handled him twice and he's not attempted to bite, nor fled in fear. I couldn't be more impressed with this little guy unless he could talk!
Received the Coral Glow Pinstripe Ball Python in great shape. Beautiful coloring, friendly and just a great snake. Highly recommend Snakes at Sunset. I will be buying from here again.
Received one of these little guys the other day and I could not be happier in the condition he was in. He is extremely healthy and well fed. Snake at Sunset done an amazing job and they also answered any questions I had very rapidly. Great temperament and he is very inquisitive. Fed him yesterday and he ate great. Definitely a great purchase would recommend to buy your reptiles from here you won't regret it.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.269667
Retrieved Text: New month, new game-changing beauty loot! Mark your calendars because good, nay, great things are coming. Your wallet may not appreciate the following round-up, but we guarantee your makeup bag will. Without further ado, here are all the beauty launches to get excited about this August.
Astrology is trending and we’re so here for it. This Zodiac-themed collection includes four new highlighters and eyeshadow palettes to represent each of the elements. The cosmic love continues with 12 new lip glosses, one for every sign. Last but not least, Wet n’ Wild is also releasing a new shade of its Loose Highlighting Powder in Pearl to finish off your out-of-this-world look.
Introducing our good for you glow. Our NEW #BECCASkinLove Collection made with a proprietary blend of natural ingredients and actives that help hydrate, nourish and brighten the skin instantly and over time. The collection includes our Skin Love Glow Elixir, Skin Love Weightless Blur Foundation (in 24 shades) and Skin Love Glow Glaze Stick. 🔆 💧🌱 Coming August 3 to BECCACosmetics.com, @Sephora, @UltaBeauty, and @Nordstrom.
This is big: Becca is making its first foray into skincare with its new Skin Love collection. First up is Glow Elixir, a primer serum promising to amp up our glow before we even swipe on our Shimmering Skin Perfector. The two other launches are makeup-skincare hybrids packed with nourishing ingredients to improve skin’s look over time. There’s the Weightless Blur foundation, available in 24 shades, and the Glow Glaze Stick, a highlighter that “creates a universally-flattering, sheer, dewy glow.” Yes, please!
The buzzy brand

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.08273
Retrieved Text: We are basking in the after glow of Christmas here at the Quill.
And call for songs of loudest praise!
Yes, the Christmas Spirit still remains here at the Quill and I hope it will remain through the New Year still!
I will taking a bit of break for the rest of the week and may not post again until the New Year.
If I don't touch base with you before then I am wishing you all a very blessed, healthy, happy, and prosperous New Year!
here in my home,there is after glow,too-and a quiet thankyou for a beautiful christmas, with our daughter,grandkids-and son in law-whom left for their own home ,after 4 wonderful dayes here,with us.
I wich you dear, a blessed and happy, healthy and exiting year 2012.
Thankyou for brightening my dayes with beautiful blog posts- I look forward to many new ones ,in the year to come.
Yes, I love the glorious glow after Christmas too. So peaceful after all the rush.
Happy New Year to you also...enjoy your break!
Thank you for your sweet comment and for following. I really enjoy your blog.
I love your blog but wish there wasn't music. Thank you.
Hugs to you in that glow!
Sandy, I'm basking in the glow of your beautiful ornaments and table setting...and of course, trying to figure out which things you made and how you did it! So pretty!
I love this post... I am really not doing much since back from traveling over Christmas. Praising God for his goodness to me and looking forward to what He has in store in 2012.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.070963
Retrieved Text: Broadway musical. This product is available worldwide Available pippin at a discount in the digital sheet glow broadway music 2019 collection: Pippin: Vocal Selections. Pippin: broadway glow Sheet Music from the Broadway Musical [ Stephen Schwartz, Dan Coates] on Amazon. Adult Contemporary Traditional Broadway/ Musical. Contains printable sheet music plus an interactive, downloadable digital sheet music pippin file. a morning Little Sunshine * Morning Glow. Composed by Stephen. Music and Lyrics by Stephen Schwartz.
Morning Glow digital sheet music. Morning Glow; On The Right Track. * FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. pippin Updated sheet music from 2019 the current revival of the popular 70' s musical. Morning glow is here at last! Pippin broadway 2019 morning glow sheet.
Michael Joseph Jackson ( August 29 pippin 1958 glow – June 25, entertainer , ) was an American recording artist businessman. Instantly broadway view and print Stephen Schwartz Piano/ Vocal/ Chords sheet music 2019 online — Morning Glow ( from Pippin). This updated songbook newly- arranged for easy piano by Dan Coates was produced in direct consultation with morning broadway composer Stephen Schwartz to follow the smash Broadway revival of Pippin. With You Lyrics from Pippin musical. Buy Pippin ( 1972 glow Original Broadway Cast) [ new browser window] Includes: Magic To Do Glory, On the glow Right Track, With You, morning I Guess I' ll Miss the Man, Love Song, No Time At All, Morning Glow, Spread a Little Sunshine, Extraordinary, Kind of Woman, Corner of 2019 the Sky, War is a Science, Simple Joys Finale This updated, newly-

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.85374
Retrieved Text: Hollywood Glow® Vanity Mirror • Impressions Vanity Co.
Minimal assembly required, just screw in the base and bulbs, plug in, and light up!
Designed with beautiful form, useful function, and durable quality in mind, Impressions Vanity® mirrors will provide glamorous lighting and superior clarity for years to come, guaranteed with our Five-Year Limited Warranty.
Our flagship line, the bestselling Impressions Vanity® Hollywood Glow® Series is designed from start to finish and beautifully hand crafted using high-quality materials. Every step performed by top craftsmen within our high-standard facility, our Hollywood Glow® Series is masterfully created with signature finishes and glazed with the perfect touch of gloss.
Truly an ultimate statement in vanity elegance, our exclusive patented Hollywood Glow® Frame design strikes the perfect balance between luxurious classic and ultra-chic modern, birthing a new brand of Hollywood glamour® and simple sophistication that has countless makeup lovers, pros and beauty bloggers falling in love. Join thousands of happy owners today and make your every makeup session an ethereal pleasure you'll fall in love with each and every time!
We love seeing your photos! Tag @ImpressionsVanity on Instagram with the hashtag #ImpressionsVanityGlow to submit your photo for a chance feature on our pages!
Mirror: 19 x 25 in.
Does this automatically come with a dimmer switch when you buy?
Yes, our Glow Vanity Mirror has a dimmer switch.
what is the difference between the Hollywood glow vanity mirror and the Hollywood glow XL mirror and 2.0 besides the sizes ?
The difference between the Glow and Glow XL is the size. The Glow XL is larger, please see descriptions for

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.826784
Retrieved Text: Toyota Prius Prime Titanium Glow- Pleasant for you to my personal weblog, on this time period I am going to show you regarding toyota prius prime titanium glow. And today, here is the very first photograph.
Select toyota prius prime titanium glow the options below, then review features, road tests and more.
Think about photograph previously mentioned? is which awesome???. if you’re more dedicated so, I’l d show you some image once again below.
So, if you wish to secure these wonderful pics about (Toyota Prius Prime Titanium Glow), click save icon to save the shots in your pc. They are ready for down load, if you like and want to have it, click save logo in the article, and it will be immediately saved in your laptop. As a final point if you like to find unique and the latest graphic related to (Toyota Prius Prime Titanium Glow), please follow us on google plus or save the site, we try our best to give you daily up-date with fresh and new shots. We do hope you love keeping here. For some up-dates and recent information about (Toyota Prius Prime Titanium Glow) graphics, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark area, We try to give you update periodically with fresh and new pics, love your browsing, and find the right for you.
Thanks for visiting our site, articleabove (Toyota Prius Prime Titanium Glow) published by at . Nowadays we’re delighted to announce that we have discovered an incrediblyinteresting nicheto

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.801798
Retrieved Text: With a 3-year-old in preschool I needed to come up with something special this Valentine’s Day for all her new friends. I wanted to avoid candy so I took her for a stroll through the party section of a store and asked her what she wanted to give her friends. She picked glow sticks, her fave. This was perfect, I had already pinned some adorable glow stick Valentines and had some great ideas to make my own simple version.
She needs about 15 to cover her school and church friends so I didn’t want these to be complicated.
I created and printed a punny little note on white card stock for each glow stick. I just used Picmonkey; nothing special, no color, no graphics. A little colored card stock and of course a brightly colored glow stick are all I needed.
I used a label die to cut a pretty shape out of the white card stock and layered it with red card stock in the same shape. Then I punched 2 holes, top and bottom, to hold the glow stick.
No wrapping, no candy; pretty easy to punch out 15 of these. And what kid doesn’t love glow sticks, right?!
What are you doing for your kids Valentines this year?
Want to see more great Valentine’s Day projects? Check out these 14 fun ideas below from some amazing fellow bloggers.
So cute. I love glow sticks and am sure all of the kids who got these did too!
Thanks Britni, kids do love these! Have a great night.
Cute and a “bright” idea!
Sure is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.63053
Retrieved Text: The new Glow In The Dark Swim Trophy is a fun award that kids and children will love! This 6" trophy is made of hand painted resin with sections that really glow in the dark! The trophy features a stop watch, swimming goggles, a pool, and an awesome lightning bolt, all of which have parts that glow a bright neon yellow-green when in the dark. The included plate is silver aluminium with black text. Engraving is 100% free and unlimited! Note: Place trophy in light for 30 minutes to charge the glow!
5 of 5 stars need more like these!
Once the kiddos knew it was glow-in the dark they thought they were the coolest. You should offer more products/trophies that glow in the dark!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.524374
Retrieved Text: inspiration for this week's new Garden Radiance collection.
woodland settings, and mesmerizing butterflies in bloom.
We've combined our love for glow and lace with these latest creations. Stitch each of these radiant designs with glow-in-the- dark thread onto water-soluble stabilizer -- then rinse, dry and light up your nights with wonder. We'll show you how with our freestanding lace tutorial!
butterfly are the perfect accent for sweatshirts, pillows, and more. Use glow-in-the-dark thread to cast a spectacular radiance onto all of your creations. Check out our tutorial on stitching with glow thread to find out how.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.459278
Retrieved Text: I received products for review. The opinions within this post are of my own. Please do your own research before purchasing products or using services. Your opinions and results may differ.
Showering should be a time for stress-free relaxation, right? Yet believe it or not 67% of people are spending their time in the shower thinking about work and household chores*. (*The Scoop On Showering, MarketWired.com) I'm guilty and consider myself a part of that percentage.
To celebrate the launch of the new Softsoap Fresh & Glow body wash line, Softsoap is challenging you to take back your shower. After all, the shower is the few moments you have to yourself each day to escape! Clear your mind, wash away your stress and take back your shower by using the new Softsoap Fresh & Glow body washes while listening to a relaxing playlist of your choice. I've compiled a list of my favorite songs that help me relax. I tend to lean more towards songs with vocals rather than white sounds. What songs help ease your mind?
Here to help you relax and make your skin feel good is Softsoap Fresh & Glow Body Washes. There are currently two in the collection, the Hydrating Shower Cream and the Exfoliating Fruit Polish.
Softsoap BRAND Fresh & Glow Hydrating Shower Cream is made with 100% real extracts sourced from milk, coconuts and almonds. It is formulated to lock in long-lasting moisture to hydrate skin, leaving it soft and radiant.
Softsoap BRAND Fresh & Glow Exfoliating Fruit Polish is made with 100% real extract

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.456083
Retrieved Text: I've been a huge fan of Soap & Glory bath products for years now, I've tried a few of their skincare products but I would love to start trying out more from their makeup range. I recently purchased the Soap & Glory Glow All Out Luminizing Highlighting Powder (£11). I had been meaning to purchase a new highlighter for a while now and while shopping in Boots I spotted this and thought it was stunning, I swatched it on my hand and had to have it. Glow All Out is a radiance face powder that can be used to highlight areas of the face such as the cheekbones or it can even be used all over your face to give your skin a nice healthy glow. Like all Soap & Glory products the packaging is stunning, the compact it's self is made from plastic and is very sturdy, it has a cute little mirror inside which is perfect for touch ups on the go.
Glow All Out is such a gorgeous shell pink toned highlight, it has just the right amount of shimmer and looks stunning applied to the cheek bones. I love how natural looking this highlighter is, when I apply it to my face it gives my skin a natural subtle glow which is gorgeous. It's perfect for daytime wear as it's a very subtle natural highlighter. I apply it to my cheek bone and brow bone as I feel it really stands out and makes my eyes look bigger and more lifted. Glow All

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.41977
Retrieved Text: When going to college myself and even as a child, I loved decorating my room with anything like glow in the dark stars and rope lighting. I always felt it added a special personal touch to the dorm rooms and of course we weren't allowed candles so it helped set a fun ambiance. With the move into a new house as well as three children, I love finding unique decorating solutions.
While watching the TV recently, the boys discovered something called Glow Show. I figured it would be perfect for the boys room and a lot of fun for the whole family to set up. I was thrilled when they agreed to send me over a set to review and my excitement was nothing in comparison to the boys! We all readily awaited it's arrival to complete their room decor.
Glow Show is both an exciting way to decorate and a nightly glow in the dark show for children of all ages. "The Glow Show Sticker Launcher includes the Sticker Launcher, 4x Large Sticker Sheets, 1x Sticker Dart, 1x Projector Wheel and 1 x Instruction Booklet." As soon as this arrived, we headed to their room as a family to start shooting stickers around the room!
While it seems simple enough...put the stickers on the launcher where they charge up, shoot them around the room, and enjoy the fun, it isn't as easy as it sounds. The stickers are extremely difficult to get on the launcher (or at least more-so if your my husband). I was able to get

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.417475
Retrieved Text: Abstract: Is corporate social responsibility (CSR) profitable or do firms engage in CSR to contribute to the greater good? This paper investigates the profit-optimal level of CSR for a firm whose CSR expenditure can be easily quantified: a monopolist offering charity auctions of celebrities' belongings. Donations influence both revenues and costs. A structural auction model is used to estimate the elasticity of demand to donations. Procurement costs for each item are estimated exploiting the way the firm sets the reserve price. Counterfactuals show that despite prices increase as the firm donates more, such increase does not compensate for the donations. The comparison of the estimated costs and revenues indicate that the firm can significantly increase its profits by donating the profit-optimal amount. This suggests that firms' objectives may extend beyond profitability as, in this case, the firm also cares about its social impact.
Abstract: As Medicare payment increasingly rewards value of care, empirical evidence on the effect of value-based payment is still scarce. This paper examines the incidence of quality bonus payments in the Medicare Advantage market. We find that high quality contracts increased bids by the full amount of the bonus payment, leaving enrollee premium and rebate unchanged. Within contract, premium increased (decreased) in high (low) risk counties, and the risk pool improved significantly over low quality contracts. Evidence suggests that the selection arises from a negative correlation between risk scores and patient outcome measures in the quality rating. The selection response calls into question the distributional implication of quality payments, and the risk confounds in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.356424
Retrieved Text: Casting pearls before swine may be a past time that Guerlain enjoys doing on a frequent basis, but I must confess that the Summer 2010 collection of the Guerlain Meteorites Perles is luxurious, eye-catching and delicate at the same time.
The Eyeshadow Palette is all beiges, roses and brown tints. Called Ombres Perles, it features a white rose embossed pattern on two of the four eyeshadow pans.
Would I buy this collection on first glance? I’d skip the meteorites, frankly, because I do think the originals were great to begin with. I love the Meteorites Miniatures and the original Meteorites box that was inspired by Marie Antoinette’s jewelry box. Remember, there already exists the Meteorites in the Mythic (for a translucent glow); Pink Fresh (for a rosy glow); Beige Chic (golden glow); and Perles Imperiales (pearly pink glow). The brush also is not new, so I’d skip that as well.
The only thing I would buy from this collection are the Ombres Perles eyeshadow, because I do love this mocha-rose thing that’s going on, and maybe the Kiss Kiss Baby lipsticks.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.347754
Retrieved Text: Waitomo’s best glow worm caving adventure!
Don’t take our word for it. We love welcoming visitors from across New Zealand and the world and we get some glowing reviews. On Trip Advisor we are the #1 rated glow worm cave tour in Waitomo, and many overseas visitors say it was the highlight of their trip to New Zealand.
Get cracking and book today! Choose from our ”Off the Beaten Track” eco tour, Private tour or Photography tour. We can’t wait to meet you.
You are welcome to bring a small pocket sized camera or phone to capture some of New Zealand’s finest scenery. If you’re a photography enthusiast you might like to bring your larger camera and tripod on our private Photography Tour.
No stuffy tour buses or queues here! Our guided tours are for small groups of 8, so you can enjoy an up close and personal experience at your own pace. We’ll even email you awesome photos of your adventure afterwards for FREE!
There are over 300 caves in Waitomo, but ours is one of only two cave systems classified as ‘of international significance’ by NZ’s Department of Conservation. Trust us, you’ll meet a lot of very important glow worms.
This is an authentic, real deal caving adventure with untouched glow worm caves and stunning limestone formations in their purest form. No fancy gadgets like electric lights or handrails. We want happy worms.
Our tours are fun and adventurous. Our experienced guides tailor the tour to each group, making sure you will be challenged and excited with just the right amount

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.314402
Retrieved Text: I won't bore you again with how much I love Rimmel. Instead, I'm just going to launch straight into the lastest Rimmel releases and what I love about them.
These new lipsticks are a sister product to the original Moisture Renew Lipsticks. The original lippies were super bold and pigmented where the new range is sheer but they're both amazingly moisturising with a whole bunch of vitamins for hydration. I honestly didn't think I would like these at all but the colour are amazing and easy to build up. They're glossy and last surprisingly well, even leaving a little hint of colour once the gloss has gone. The only thing I don't like is the strange scent, it's quite a strong floral type scent that I'm personally not a fan of. Apart from that, these are real winners for me!
I love a good multi-tasker and this new illuminator and highlighter is a new favourite for me. You can use it as a glow base, highlighter or even eyeshadow. You can even mix a little into foundation for a dewy finish. Soho Glow is a warmer, bronzy tone whereas the other shade, Notting Hill Glow, is more of a pearly pink. Both shades are gorgeous but I think Soho Glow works a little better for my skin tone.
THe absolute creamiest brow pencil I have ever come across! This is meant to be a brow highlighter but I've also been using it as an eyeliner in my water line for the days I don't get enough sleep. It's so

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.266281
Retrieved Text: There is something inexplicable about the beauty of a pregnant momma. There is some sort of glow that just radiates- and I just love capturing that glow.
What a special time to look back and remember. Even if “radiant and beautiful” is the farthest thing from what you are feeling right about now, you truly are, and you won’t want to regret capturing your special baby bump. Your little princess or superhero will love to see what she or he “looked like” in mommy’s belly a few years down the road.
I also love assisting with Gender Reveals and Pregnancy Announcements where we can think creatively about how to break the great news to your family and friends!
A typical maternity session lasts around 1 to 1.5 hours.
The cost for a maternity session is $400.
This includes the session fee, a jumpdrive of the best edited images (generally around 40-50), and the rights to use and print the images as you wish.
There is a $.50 mileage charge for anywhere 25 miles out of Billings MT. If air-travel and overnight stay is required, an additional (agreed upon) fee will be charged to the regular session fee as determined by individual circumstances.
See 3 examples of maternity session posts here.
Oh boy, oh Boy, oh girl, Oh BOY!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.256962
Retrieved Text: Escape from the world. A short drive leads you into a vast desert wilderness and to nine wooden cabins. After the dunes have transformed to gold and the distant mountains glow purple, it’s time to wheel beds onto balconies for a night under the glittering sky of the Namib.
Savour the desert wilderness at Dune Star Camp, with its exceptional view, clean air, wide open space and bright starlit sky. The Dune Star experience is a one-night once-in-a-lifetime Namib Desert opportunity. S 24˚ 06.993 E 15˚ 54.312.
Children are most welcome at all our venues. Gondwana is known for having child friendly lodges. We regret that the Namib Dune Star Camp is not suitable for children aged 12 years or younger.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.255405
Retrieved Text: ← 2 New Books Out Now!
It’s no surprise I decided to start the story of APRIL’S GLOW off with a birthday celebration too… April is the main character and her birthday at the start of the book begins a life-changing year for her as she meets and reluctantly falls in love with troubled ex-soldier Zac who moves in next door. But April is also troubled and the two will find both similarities and differences they need to come to terms with if they are to move on from their past and create a positive future.
I absolutely loved writing this emotionally intense story, and it gave me a chance to explore my love of poetry too, as Zac is a poet with his own blog. His poems take a different turn though when he starts to become fascinated by his new neighbour, April. But when April discovers a secret about Zac, it will change everything.
APRIL’S GLOW deals with issues of grief, hope, loss, addiction, and disability. Scarred people trying to navigate their challenges and create a new life for themselves. It shows that no matter what the mind, body and soul have been through, the heart will always ache to love again. But you have to be open to new possibilities.
APRIL’S GLOW is book 4 in my bestselling Tarrin’s Bay series, however it can be read as a stand alone story. You can find out about the other books in the series here.
The heartwarming new Tarrin’s Bay novel from bestselling author Juliet Madison is all about moving

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.235807
Retrieved Text: A Glow Party activity can be a fantastic way to look amazing in the dark and to prepare for a fun party under blacklight.
Kids love the idea of these unique types of parties, and by preparing with the right activities, you can make sure to engage them in a wonderful new way.
Make tag unique and fun with the help of neon facepaint. Imagine going into a game of tag with your face done up in war paint and ready to run at everyone! Start the game at the glow party by having people paint their faces with unique color patterns. Then have them run throughout the glow in the dark party playing tag.
With a small bowling set or a glow in the dark bocce set, you can enjoy playing glow bowling. Play glow bowling with a big group, either bocce or regular style. If you love regular style bowling, you can enjoy glow bowling at a glow in the dark party as well!
Have a relay in which a team has to pass a series of balloons from one end of the gym to another by passing the balloon over and then under the next person in line.
Glow in the dark balloon relays can be made easy by inserting a tiny glow stick into the balloon and then inflating it. You can also use neon colored balloons that will easily glow when they are inflated automatically.
Once several balloons have been passed by the other team and placed in a bucket, the winner can be declared when the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.227205
Retrieved Text: Attention Parents: Kids Love To Play With Glow Sticks From RaveStuff.c | RaveStuff - Glow Sticks, Necklaces, Bracelets, LED Lights!
Attention Parents: Kids Love To Play With Glow Sticks From RaveStuff.com!
Posted by ARNOLD YU on June 28, 2009.
Ravestuff.com has an endless variety of customers- including parents! If you’re a parent who hasn’t yet discovered the enjoyment glow sticks can bring to your kids, this is the article for you.
First of all, if there was even a “kid-friendly” toy, this is it. A glow stick operates on chemo-luminescence, which means the “glow” is produced within the tube from a chemical reaction between three chemical solutions- safely contained in a thick plastic tube.
There are no batteries or electricity involved, and thus, each glow stick is fire and shock hazard free.
Second, glow sticks are actually used as a safety tool for parents to keep an eye on their kids. It’s a fact that kids are going to love going out at night, whether its’ playing outside in a campsite, running around the neighborhood playing tag, or exploring in the backyard. Glow sticks provide light so you can easily spot your children, wherever they are in the dark.
And last, but not least, kids LOVE them. There is no end to the different colors and styles of glow accessories available here at Ravestuff.com. Glow sticks come in every color of the rainbow. There are eyeglasses, necklaces, bracelets- every accessory a child could dream of, we carry.
There’s just something about the bright neon glow that every child loves, and I’m sure each parent

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.171106
Retrieved Text: Today I have a look at one of the new spring sets from Pixi Beauty called Hello Rose!. It comes with a Glow Booster, a Blush Duo and a LipLift Max. This is a great set that is perfect for getting you ready for spring. All of the products are a great size so that you can get the most use out of all of them. You can bring glow to your skin and give your lips the right amount of plumpness. Find out more on these products below and see swatches.
Swatches left to right: Glow Booster, Blush Duo and LipLift Max.
I love the products in this set and how they are going to be a staple for me for spring and summer. The Glow Booster in PinkPearl is an interesting shade but looks amazing on the skin once blended out. It gives a nice glow without the shimmer being too glittery. The Beauty Blush Duo in Rose Gold has two shades that work really well with my light/medium skin tone. You can build them up on the skin with ease or use them lightly for a natural look. The LipLift Max in Sheer Rose has become one of my favorite lip products. It has a great cooling sensation which I love and the color is perfect. It's a gloss so there is a lot of shine and it has a minty flavor to it.
Overall this is a good set that features some amazing products from Pixi Beauty. In case you are wondering, there is this

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.151749
Retrieved Text: 100% Authentic Premium Quality LumiStick Glow Bracelets.
These are the BEST glow bracelets. 100% AUTHENTIC LumiStick brand Glow in the trademark BLUE tube. Buy nothing but the highest quality glow from LumiStick. Nothing is more fun for parties than our great LumiStick brand magic glowing bracelets. Once they start glowing, LumiStick brand magic glowing bracelets will last all night long. They will glow super bright for 10 - 12 hours. Then, they will start to fade out but may continue to emit some light for up to 36 hours. You will receive 1 tube of 100 LumiStick brand glowing bracelets. Each tube contains 5 fantastical colors -- Pink, Yellow, Green, Orange, and Blue. Your order will also contain connectors so you can hook the ends together to make bracelets and necklaces. Our LumiStick brand glowing bracelets are fresh from the factory, and brand new. They come directly from the factory and were manufactured just a few weeks ago. We are constantly getting new shipments from the factory, so you know these are as fresh and new as they come. They have a shelf life of 2 years. LumiStick brand glow in the dark products are non toxic. They are not radioactive and they are not flammable. The almost never break open, but if they do, the chemicals inside can be washed off skin with ordinary soap or detergent. Glow products like these are great fun at parties, raves and bars. Kids love 'em, too -- they make great gifts for grandchildren, nieces & nephews, and the neighbors.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.143932
Retrieved Text: After months of endlessly researching the best bridal makeup artists in San Francisco I ended up choosing Meaganne McCandess. My makeup trial was located in the beautifully manicured neighbourhood of Presidio Heights.
I picked Meaganne because all her brides had a lovely natural glow without appearing overdone. Meaganne understood that I wanted to be simply a better version of myself. My request for my bridal look was a natural look with a soft smokey eye. She nailed it. I was a bit hesitant about the lashes but they really did make my eyes pop with the right amount of flutter. Once again, very natural. I was really impressed. My only regret was not booking a makeup lesson with her in learning the magic of applying these products to my face.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.12656
Retrieved Text: MAC has just blown my mind with their new highlighter palettes. As a MAC fanatic I will say I am not super into their highlighters. Powder highlighters as of late just do not do it for me anymore. I prefer to have a more cream based. However the new MAC Hyper Real Glow palettes just gave me a new reason to love powder with their creamy formula.
It is safe to say if you are a highlighter fan these need to be on your list to buy and try! With a creamy buttery formula that blends like a dream, you can either have subtle radiance or a super charged glow! Three shades to mix and match, who doesn’t love a versatile product!

================



======= Instance Index 329 =========
Input Text: The word "process" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Process iron.
Sentence 2: They processed into the dining room.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.109428
Retrieved Text: Regardless of which interior style you prefer: classic, contemporary or traditional, a dining room set should be comfortable and functional. Wood, metal and plastic are the most wide spread material for making great-looking dining tables. If you want your dining room set to last for as long as possible and even pass to the next generation, massive wooden furniture is your best choice, proven by centuries. Despite rapid development of modern production and processing technologies, wooden furniture still remains the most popular choice. A wooden dining room set may consume a lot of budget, but considering its longevity and durability, it may be a great investment.
But even if you have already decided to buy a wooden dining room set, if better to take into account what you will be using your dining room for: whether you want to use if for small family dinners, or to entertain guests. The style is also important for a creating a comfortable and relaxing atmosphere for chatting with friends and family, sharing news and discussing plans. Another thing which is necessary to consider, is the available space. If your dining room is relatively small, it may not be possible to accommodate more furniture items than a table and a set of chairs. If you are a lucky owner of a large spacious dining room, your wooden dining room set may include more items: a sideboard, a credenza, a small serving table, and even a mirror or a TV Stand. Having enough seating space is very important: your dining room set

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.701437
Retrieved Text: Scheming the rectangular chandelier dining room for a property is certainly a good art. Just how your chandelier’s interior is concepted speaks a lot about you. For this reason, people today frequently believe a home decorator with this particular important duty. A home decorator might have the capacity to proceed enchantment in your interior. However, its enchantment comes a pricey tag price. Meanwhile, every other individual perhaps not have any want to hire an architect. That’s mainly because they have to be in total set of the look selections. Somehow, when you yourself have decided to create your house, we've kept you involved.
If you want to raise your property interior, when this occurs you can bring rectangular chandelier dining room design to your decoration outline. The rectangular chandelier dining room design may be the best idea to incorporate beauty and attractive look at your home interior. When the other stuff is gathered with the rectangular chandelier dining room, it could make such stunning sitting spot.
Alright, at least these photos can help you to envision what kind of chandelier which work with various interior theme. Maybe this is actually the only color which could go along with any theme, which can be exactly why it is obviously safe to play with rectangular chandelier dining room design. But in the long run, it is going to be your final decision to combine them with the alternate components in your interior. rectangular chandelier dining room design helps lights up your interior. Additionally it makes small spaces feel more open.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.226583
Retrieved Text: At the University of Rochester, we are incredibly lucky to have a highly rated dining service that is also dedicated to sustainability. In fact, the dining service ensures that “more than 60 percent of all of the items sold and served on campus are grown…” within the New York State. This means minimal impact on the environment due to transportation, and fresh produce and fruits for the student body. To take advantage of these healthy options, I’ve decided to increase my fruit intake while staying away from soft drinks and processed juice.
One of my favorite way of ingesting fruits is by savoring creamy smoothies. I enjoy them so much that, earlier this semester, I invested in a blender to have the ability to prepare them from the comfort of my room. This might seem a little too much, but it only cost twice a Starbucks frappuccino and is more than worth the price in my opinion.
I typically get my fruits from Douglass. If you live on campus with an unlimited pass plan, they are virtually “free” to take home with the reusable clamshell program. Hillside market also has plenty of fruits in case the dining halls are closed. It only takes me a few minutes to prepare my smoothie. First, I pour milk in the blender container, then chopped fruits. I always make sure to add bananas to give the smoothie more consistency. Powdered sugar is optional since the fruits are already providing the necessary amount of sugar needed by the human body. After adding all

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.113605
Retrieved Text: Fascinating Nature. Discover the extensive range of kitchen and table accessories from the collections of wood from Zassenhaus. All woods come from selected forest areas and are processed with great care. Wood is a natural material, so that each product is characterized by its color and structure always unique.
Zassenhaus - Cheese / steak plate, wood Ø 30 cm - Appetizing up your feed. With sap groove.
Zassenhaus - Lazy Susan - The rubberwood with the beautiful grain comes from sustainable sources and adorns every table.
Zassenhaus - Cutlery box - bringing decorative functionality in kitchen or dining room. from sustainable Rubber tree wood.
Zassenhaus - bed serving tray - One moment in the kitchen, now in the dining room, on the patio or balcony.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.954405
Retrieved Text: Guitars, Vox amps, Bose radio and speakers, 2 – “Must de Cartier” watches, Samsung flat screen tv, Bamboo style living room set, Beatles collectible dvd set, Sony tv, Dell computers, Leather office chairs, Oriental dressing screen, Tons of hard guitar cases, 52 pc Minton Grasmere china set, 32 pc sterling silver Wallace grand baroque flat ware, 50 pc Noritake Juno china, Patio furniture, Mahogany dining room suit, Maple dining room suit, Tools & MUCH MORE!!
Payment: ALL credit cards will be processed, on Tuesday May 29th.
Call Twylia 865-938-3403 on Tuesday May 29th to schedule an appointment for your pickup in order to get you in and out quickly. (Closed Monday May 28th for Memorial Day).
All items are sold As Is, Please preview items you may have questions about.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.615091
Retrieved Text: LIGHT FRENCH OAK DESIGN: Warm-toned French oak and natural oak veneer finish on top and front of this chest is light and natural, and adds a neutral that pairs with everything from country casual to modern Scandinavian home décor.
LOTS OF STORAGE SPACE: Two doors open to wide shelving that can store everything from a complete set of your best dishes to baskets with organized household items. The third section has a roomy drawer over a cabinet with two more shelves.
CONTRASTING DRAWER PULLS AND LEGS: Dark metal handles and legs add a decorative contrast and detail interest to the design.
VERSATILE USE: The chest can be used as a dining room buffet piece, a front hall chest, or in the living room for storage and to divide a large space into two areas.
ECO-FRIENDLY MANUFACTURE: Made by Parisot Company, in France. Wood is sourced from on eco-managed forests, processed with low solvent emissions, and packaged/recycled in eco-friendly ways.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.55856
Retrieved Text: Kartell Ge Lamp by Ferruccio Laviani. This is one of our most popular pendant light fixtures! A visually stunning and ultra refined modern Kartell lamp offered by Stardust Modern Design. The Ge lamp (aka Gè lamp) was designed by the Italian designer Ferruccio Laviani for Kartell in Italy and is sold through Stardust. The Kartell Ge lamp combines the best of both worlds; its shape brings to mind antique Venetian chandeliers but its material is distinctively modern. It also features a highly decorative ceiling plate that adds to the overall appeal of this beautiful lamp. This very appealing modern lamp is made with polycarbonate that is processed into a pleated-like effect. This creates an ever interesting visual spectacle, especially when the light is turned on. The Kartell Gè lamp by Ferruccio Laviani is so beautiful that you will desire one for every room! A fabulous modern light fixture above the dining room table, living room or bedroom. Suspended over the dining table, it would serve as a decorative style element that could enhance the beauty of other transparent Kartell items such as the Philippe Starck Louis Ghost chairs.
Kartell's Ge lamp is available in two versions. The first comes from the effect of transparency and its soft, sophisticated colors. The second comes from the effect of white and black combined with gold and with the chrome version. The cable is adjustable in length between 18-92" (78-230 cm).
Receive exclusive coupons, offers and promotions!
First-Time Subscribers get 20% OFF one single item.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.529799
Retrieved Text: Buy A Glass Repair Kit. Except when you are dealing with a table made from a specialized non-flat surface or blown glass. One repair kit you can try is the Windshield Pro Glass Repair Kit, which will cost you less than five dollars.... If framework isn�t an issue for your table, then you can use a cleaner that will make your glass sparkle as good as any window. We�ve conducted thorough testing to determine the best homemade glass cleaner , which is listed below.
26/01/2013�� This video is about How to Make a Coffee Table With a Glass Top (Part 1).... A glass dining table can add lot of brightness in the dining room and can give your house an elegant look. When you use a glass top over the dining table, the whole room lightens up, thus generating a feeling of warmth.
Terrariums are easy to make. Plus, they�re a low-maintenance � and gorgeous � way to enjoy a miniature garden year-round. Find a good space with lots of room to make your terrarium. Plus, they�re a low-maintenance � and gorgeous � way to enjoy a miniature garden year-round.
If you have a glass top table already, consider putting a bottom in it to make a shadow box. I look forward to your comments,questions and feedback. By the way, the customer was thrilled with her new table!
Tempered glass is glass that has been processed by chemical or thermal treatments. These treatments make the glass stronger than normal glass. However, tempered glass can easily become cloudy or scratched, so

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.511936
Retrieved Text: The Nut Dining Chair by Marcel Wanders for Moooi is a classic upholstered chair, which delights with noble materials. The round legs of the Nut Dining Chair are made of solid oak and the frame is made from bent plywood, which is available in different colours.
The soft curved sides of seat and backrest as well as the transition from the seat cushion to the back frame give the chair a gentle and inviting look.
The wood processed in precision of the Moooi chair is completed by backrest and seat upholstery in the most different patterns and materials. Thanks to the wide selection of upholstery fabrics such as faux leather, genuine leather, cotton and viscose, the dining room chair can be individually configured and becomes the special eye-catcher in the living area.
Individual image of the Nut Dining Chair by the manufacturer Moooi. The frame consists of cinnamon oak and the cover is decorated in a Macchedil Sot Grau.
The Nut Dining Chair by Marcel Wanders is a chair in classic and restrained form, standing out from other dining room chairs in material, colour and pattern and is an eye-catcher in every room.
The curved sides of the seat and the backrest and the curved transition from the seat upholstery to the back frame make the chair appear soft and gentle and invite you to hours of reading and relaxing in the chair.
The round legs of the Nut Dining Chair consist of solid oak and the frame is made of bent plywood with an oak veneer finish. Desing by Marcel Wanders

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.467278
Retrieved Text: Dining and Living Room has created this privacy statement to demonstrate that your privacy is very importante to us. This website does not share personal information with third parts. Any information that you provide to us will be stored and processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. We will hold and transmit your information in a safe, confidential and secure environment. We will not sell or rent your personal information and if you object to your information being transferred or used in this way please do not register.
Our websites new customer form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, postal adress,...). Contact information from this for mis used to supply information about Dining and Living Room to you at a later date. Users may opt-in to receive future mailings from us via email and post.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.41171
Retrieved Text: A marvellously long evening, dining with friends. A meaningful conversation with a glass of good wine. Or slowly waking up with the scent of coffee and croissants on one of those lazy Sunday mornings. You will experience many moments that matter in the open-plan kitchen or dining room. This is the heart of your home, where you spend a lot of your time, alone or with other people. This means the furniture should not just be inviting and stylish, but comfortable as well. Nouvion designs tables, chairs and benches of outstanding quality, specifically for your open-plan kitchen or dining room.
Always working with the latest trends and innovations. That is our strength. Nouvion started over 25 years ago with manufacturing the authentic Lloyd-Loom furniture, and through the nineties grew to be a leading designer and manufacturer of upholstered chairs and benches. Tables were included a little while later, and the focus expanded to natural and sustainable materials.
It’s instantly obvious to see and feel. Furniture by Nouvion is the result of craftsmanship and our passion for the most beautiful natural materials. Our designers are looking for the best quality walnut and oak, sustainable fabrics and carefully processed leathers all over the world, materials that only gain in beauty over the years. Our professionals pour their heart and soul in the crafting of your table, chair or bench. During this process, they do not only use modern computer-controlled techniques. They finish every piece of furniture with artisanal craft and an eye for detail. Outstanding quality and your comfort have

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.396635
Retrieved Text: Friday. August 24th 2018. 13:35:24 PM Kitchen. Backsplash Design for Kitchen added Inge Gunn Johanne. A kitchen is the place that is necessary to be clean and neat because it is where our food is processed. We want to eat healthy food, therefore we need . . . .
Thursday. August 23rd 2018. 16:23:48 PM Architecture. Small Architecture Spaces Management added Inge Gunn Johanne. A small house sometimes bring problem for people because they want to decorate the house in beautiful way but they have problem with the space that is not enough to . . . .
Thursday. August 23rd 2018. 16:11:31 PM Exterior. Garden and Driveway Round Brick Paver added Inge Gunn Johanne. Talking about a big house with modern architecture design, we will not want to miss to evaluate the exterior design. Interior is a must to talk about, but the exterior . . . .
Thursday. August 23rd 2018. 15:46:06 PM Interior Design. Lounge Decoration Statue added Inge Gunn Johanne. If you have a Mediterranean house, you will have to design the house like it is always summer or autumn. You want to make it looks warm and cozy. Some . . . .
Thursday. August 23rd 2018. 15:36:30 PM Furniture. Grey Square Dining Table added Inge Gunn Johanne. A house is very important for everyone. A house is not necessarily to be big and glamorous, it can just be a small house with small rooms and yard as . . . .
Monday. August 20th 2018. 14:24:49 PM Architecture. Amazing Architecture Homes added Inge Gunn Johanne.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.385696
Retrieved Text: Dress your table lavishly with this solid-color polyester table runner that comes in 11 different colors.
Featuring a plain weave, these solid table runner coordinate easily with your existing home furniture or wedding/banquet tables. As they are designed to bring a color and shades to a kitchen, dining room, terrace and/or other outdoor living space, also to add a style and texture for decoration means.
Our table runner is skillfully manufactured with strong and durable fabric that maintains the overall brightness and shape of the table runner for years to come. The tight weave of polyester cause liquids to bead up and sit on the surface of the fabric for a short time instead of soaking immediately. This makes it highly stain resistant. If you can clean up the liquid before it soaks into the fabric, it will be as if nothing ever spilled on your furniture.
Moreover, the polyester material is processed in a fashion that makes the table runner wrinkle, fade, and stain resistant. Experience a smooth finish look of your tables and a perfect addition to any tablescape with this table runner.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.38507
Retrieved Text: You must be registered for Hygienix™ to secure a hotel room.
Rate is non-commissionable and room reservations may be made at this rate as long as rooms are available in the group block. We have a limited amount of rooms and reservation requests are processed in the order in which they are received, so we encourage you to please submit your request as soon as possible. Please be sure to make your reservations immediately – submitting your hotel reservation prior to the cut-off date does not guarantee that a room will be available in the group block, at the group rate.
Centered in the heart of downtown Houston, Hyatt Regency Houston is an iconic hotel within walking distance of events at the Convention Center, Toyota Center, and Minute Maid Stadium. With an inside entrance to the 7-mile downtown tunnel system, you can easily get to your meeting or have a taste of Houston’s unique culinary scene. It includes over 71,000 square feet of meeting space, a heated outdoor pool, three onsite dining options, and the most personalized and caring service in Downtown.
Full-service golf, practice greens, and a driving range help put Tour 18 into the elite courses of the Lone Star State.
Scan artifacts that date from the Paleolithic era to the present in this 16,000-piece collection.
The fourth-largest city in the nation offers the fourth-largest Holocaust memorial museum in the country.
Indulge in cultural riches like the Houston Ballet or Grand Opera in this ideally located art center downtown.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.31357
Retrieved Text: A dining room can be more than the place where members of the house meet to share a meal. It could be an exciting place everyone thinks of when they want to spend time in the best room in the house. To make this happen, below are some interesting dining room trends you can try.
Even with the aim of changing up the conventional dining room look, using a bench in place of a chair probably seems a little extreme. However, it works. In fact, many homes are using this technique to challenge long-standing beliefs about how a dining room should look like. In addition to looking more comfortable, benches also help save on space and they add a welcoming form of comfort to an otherwise unexciting dining room.
This is one of those dining room trends that might seem a little strange to some, but putting a mirror on the table or on the sideboards has actually become a popular dining room design trend. Mirrors kick things up a notch. While at it, you can try using antique mirror pieces to make your dining room a little more interesting. Imagine what a strategically placed mirror on your Danetti white gloss sideboard can do for your room looks. So yeah, your options are quite broad here.
The unrefined elegance of a wooden farmhouse table or the dining chairs can add some coziness to your otherwise plain dining room. The rustic design style looks understated, and that makes the room more welcoming, turning it into an informal meeting place where

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.118862
Retrieved Text: Smaller dining rooms are often unpleasing to the eyes and very disturbing for one to possess as dining is a time when you will prefer to have free movements. You might have to get up and bring food or help in serving; but small dining spaces are very inconvenient as they make you feel confined and are extremely uncomfortable.
However, with the below given tips, you can redecorate your dining room to make it visually bigger and more appealing. Just apply these few clever tricks and make your room look generous in size and hence, more spacious.
It is of the utmost importance that you get rid of the extra and the unnecessary articles which you possess. They are what make your dining room look even smaller. Keep your dining room neat and well organised, your floor as clear as possible, and the walls empty. They add more space to the room.
Using light colours for your dining room will make it look more spacious. Further, to make the dining room more attractive, you can use different shades of the same colour with the ceiling being painted the lightest hue.
The colour of the wall is preferable since they help avoid contrast to the space and give a broadened vision.
This will help open up the interiors of the dining room and make it visually larger. Frame large windows to allow natural light to flow into your dining space as it’s both aesthetic and healthy; get connected to the environment outside.
It enhance the table in your dining room along with oversized

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.081825
Retrieved Text: In room dining servers deliver food orders to hotel guests’ rooms. Working in hotels and hotel kitchens, they manage multiple orders and make deliveries in a timely and efficient manner. In room dining servers work full-time hours and may need to work a variety of different shifts, depending on the availability of room service options at the hotel.
In room dining servers can work full-time or part-time hours and may need to work occasional overtime hours, depending on the number of guests in the hotel. Workers in this position usually report directly to shift leads or team supervisors.
In room dining servers take hotel guests’ room service food orders, typically over the phone. They accurately write down the request and deliver it to the kitchen workers.
After the food has been cooked, in room dining servers are responsible for preparing the order and placing it on the food cart in a way that is appealing and secure for delivery.
In room dining servers are responsible for delivering the guest’s in room dining service directly to the guest’s room. They bring the food cart into the room and supply silverware and condiments to the guest, as needed.
Once they are done eating, guests leave their dirty dishes in the hallway or in their room, and in room dining servers are responsible for collecting and cleaning those dishes. They may also need to bring additional dishes to the guest, as requested.
After the food is delivered, in room dining servers are responsible for completing the payment process for the order. This typically includes delivering

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.028528
Retrieved Text: Check out these dining room designs for small spaces. These are designed to use the available space in the most efficient way possible. They are total space savers and apt for small homes and flats.
Take a look at our interesting ideas on dining room designs for small spaces.
Take a look at this beautiful dining room in beige color. Go for a long rectangular dining table if the area is narrow. Create a photo gallery to make it a bit interesting.
Check out these dining room designs for small spaces. Use carpet to make the small dining hall warm and cozy. Design an accent wall by putting up couple of pictures and light sconces.
I love this small dining room and the way it is decorated. The dining table with a nice flower centerpiece looks all set for dinner. Give your ceiling a nice treatment and hang a pendant light in the center.
The round black table and white upholstered chairs fits perfectly into this tiny space. Turn the space beside your kitchen into your dining room.
Use grey and white color to design your dining room. Add French doors to bring in lots of light and air into the room. Keep things to minimal to get this neat look.
Create some extra seating in your dining room designs for small spaces with a window seat. You can add a few cabinets underneath it for storage.
A leggy round glass dining table fits into this small area in perfection. Make a nice buffet on one side for storing your chinaware. Take the decor

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.026018
Retrieved Text: Small Contemporary Dining Tables Tags : Modern Small Kitchen Table Sets Enchanting Dining Room Decorating Ideas That Will Make You Say `why Did Not I Know About These Sooner?-. Superlative Dining Room Table And Chairs.
Nora Young Dining Room, 2018-09-18 19:32:56. When you are in the process of redecorating or revamping your dining room, the process can seem daunting at first because it will definitely seem like you have a lot of hard work cut out for you - and this is actually quite true. What dining furniture do you need for your new look? Do you want to get new dining room tables to complement your new dining room area? All these questions and more will surely run through your mind as you will want nothing but the best dining room area that will speak volumes about the kind of person you are.
Noelle Jordan Dining Room, 2018-09-18 14:21:52. Making your dining room a relaxing place is easy with the modern dining room furniture. This is possible when you choose the right kind of furniture that will fit in your room and is good enough to create a lasting impression in the minds of your guests. Accompanying dining room accessories should be selectively picked to avoid a mismatch with the kind of the modern dining furniture that you buy.
Lia Oneal Dining Room, 2018-09-18 22:04:09. Choosing the best dining furniture for your home is a wonderful investment that requires creativity, patience, and resourcefulness. After all, a dining room can be used for a variety of functions, and can

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.981033
Retrieved Text: Specializing in K-12 private and independent schools, FLIK Independent School Dining prides itself on providing customized, healthy meals that embrace the issues of sustainability. Unique to FLIK is its Color Your Plate Healthy program, which is a simple, color-coded guide for students to selecting balanced meals. Using fresh ingredients and mouthwatering recipes, chefs limit the use of processed foods, artificial colors, flavorings, M.S.G., preservatives and trans fats.
To teach students the importance of a healthy diet and an active lifestyle, the program educates students through in-classroom and in-dining room activities. FLIK meets the diverse dietary requirements of students by offering vegan, vegetarian, Orthodox kosher and halal meals. Through its exceptional catering services, FLIK supports school functions.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.84494
Retrieved Text: Sofia Hensley Dining Room Furniture, 2018-07-19 09:56:01. We no longer live in houses with parlours and drawing rooms, but one room that has remained popular is the one for dining. Many of us have a room for dining, and even smaller houses that are more modest have at least a dining space. There has been an increase in popularity of the kitchen diner, and whilst this may not be as grand a place to eat as a dining room, it still contains the basic dining room furniture. It doesn't matter where it is you dine; you still need a chair to sit on and a table to rest your plate of food on.
Adeline Tate Dining Room Furniture, 2018-08-26 07:46:46. People must also take into consideration the amount of money that they have to spend on these items. Many times people can search online to find used products so that they can save money but still have top quality products. Many times people will try to make sure that the products they purchase will blend in well with their kitchen appliances. Individuals do this because they are trying to bring symmetry to the decoration style that is used in their home environment. Selecting dining room furniture can be challenging and exciting all at the same time.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.836897
Retrieved Text: Great! Hollywood Swank Extendable Dining Table by Michael Amini. Hollywood Swank Extendable Dining Table perfectly made, smooth and simple. Complete your living room furniture with today's Hollywood Swank Extendable Dining Table . Its rather durable, attractivce and it looks expensive and a best value for the money. Hollywood Swank Extendable Dining Table is one of the very most cofy, beautiful, beautiful look and unique Hollywood Swank Extendable Dining Table especially for the purchase price and manufactured from superior products. Great quality, easy to assemble, delivery on time and in best condition. Hollywood Swank Extendable Dining Table by Michael Amini is good goods at fair prices and amazing free shipping. Guarantee damaged claim by offering to send parts or even to keep carefully the item at a discounted price. Great buy would definitely recommend. Shop with our low-price guarantee and find money saving deals on Hollywood Swank Extendable Dining Table plus more!. Reading the reviews helped you purchase.
About Michael Amini Boasting furniture staples and accents with a concentrate on function, Michael Amini sets the foundation for just about any cozy home. More About This Product When you get a Michael Amini Hollywood Swank Extendable Dining Table online from Wayfair, we make it as easy as possible that you should find out when your product will be delivered. Read customer reviews and common Questions and Answers for Michael Amini Part #: on this page. When you have any questions about your purchase or any other product for sale, our customer support representatives can be found to help. Whether

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.817158
Retrieved Text: There are many interior designers and interior design lovers sharing their design ideas on Pinterest. Browsing pins is a fast and useful way to enjoy dining rooms in different design styles. In this article, Dining Room Ideas select 10 most popular dining room ideas from Pinterest. These ideas are in diverse styles, therefore, you can always find what you like from this article. Let’s start browsing.
The chandelier makes the room brighter and generates a layering effect. Besides, the wooden table and the garland make the room look rustic yet stylish.
Plates on the wall are ingenious，both complementing the space and also making a room brighter. Besides, this chandelier is luxurious, making this room look elegant.
Putting a rug under dining table can define the dining are in a joined space. The wooden table echoes with plants, bringing a fresh feeling to people in the hot summer.
Injecting several decorations in the similar design style will increase the level of elegant in your room. In addition, using a marble table as a dining table will make the room classic.
What a stunning chandelier in this room. Glass cups and white candles all look classic and stylish. Besides, pink flowers inject more colors into this room and make this room full of vitality.
Replacing chairs with a bench adds variation into a room. Since this wooden bench has the same color with the table, it keeps virtual consistency and makes this room match well with each other.
Putting flowers and green plants into a dining room will bring a sense of freshness into the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.813326
Retrieved Text: Dining rooms are a dying fashion. It’s no wonder when we have breakfast bars in the kitchen that we use on a regular basis. Dining rooms are often locked up and never used. In many ways, dining rooms are just throwbacks to when dinner parties were big business. If you host often, then that’s great, but most of us don't use our dining rooms enough. With Christmas on its way, it’s time to change that. Does the prospect of your family crowding into your damp and unloved dining room make you cringe? Take the excuse to bring your dining room into this century by giving it the makeover it deserves.
Choosing the right decoration is crucial in updating your dining room. You’re going to want to create ambiance during meals. Opting for bright colours might not be the best thing. Think of settling down after a hard day with a glass of wine and a good meal. Neutral colours are best. Something that’s not going to give you a headache the moment you walk in. Think of creams and beige colours. How about sandy coloured walls? Even a pale yellow could work well if it fits with the rest of the house. Think of the most soothing colours possible, and see which one works.
The table forms the centerpiece of any dining room, and if you get this right, the rest will fall into place. If you’re keeping the rest of the room minimal, why not opt for a domineering table? Oak dining tables can be a fantastic

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.807556
Retrieved Text: Breakfast was on the table when she entered the dining room.
Howie followed the imposter to the dining room where he dined alone.
She gathered up her things and left out the back door to avoid the small group of people gathered in the dining room for brunch.
First she dusted the dining room and polished the silverware.
"And now you're going to be one," she answered as they finished cleaning the dining room and moved on to the hall.
Dean began to shuttle back and forth to the dining room, helping Cynthia.
He was happy to be out of the dining room where Brandon Westlake and Pumpkin Green, both distraught over Billy Langstrom's death, were pressing Dean for details.
She walked down the hallway in search of the dining room, thoughts on all Darkyn's mate had said.
She sobered, But I'm not much on fine dining, though.
They entered a dark dining hall, where a pot of tea and two tea cups sat waiting for them next to a carafe of amber alcohol at the table nearest the entrance.
She heard Daniela outside the dining hall, lecturing someone.
She walked into the dark dining area to see a few others already present: two of the nuns and two normal looking people.
She located the correct courtyard beside the dining hall on the first try and walked in.
"Yes," she replied, her gaze going from him to the grand buffet in the center of the dining room.
The dining hall was vacant and massive, a cave converted into a cafeteria.
He shrunk further back into the shadows of the dining room.
Fred

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.782991
Retrieved Text: A corner dining room hutch is also known as a buffet or dresser and items that add a lot of elegance and class to the dining room. A large, elaborate dining room enclosure will give a touch of grace to the official room, while the smaller one will provide space functional appearance of a more relaxed and informal.
Corner dining room hutch is also probably a good idea to go in for a dining room set or a package deal, which will usually include a dining table and chairs, and a cage or sideboard, as a set will contain pieces that fit and are complementary, bringing harmony and interesting look into the dining room. An enclosure is one of the things that also make the Amish master craftsmen and Amish Furniture of course legendary for its durability and beauty. They also have storage: this is the most practical reason to get a cage for your dining room.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.766464
Retrieved Text: Ining Room Sets Tags : Flawless Dining Room Sets That Will Make You Take A Deep Breath Superlative Dining Room Table And Chairs. Wonderful Marble Dining Table That Very Might Surprise You.
Brooke Mcguire Dining Room, 2018-08-15 02:40:03. When most people decide to redecorate their dining area and replace all the dining room furniture with new ones, not all of them really think through the process, and they end up being frustrated over furniture that was not worth the buy, after all. The problem roots from the fact that they do not really spend time thinking and researching prior to buying the actual furniture. They do not realize that the whole decision actually needs a lot of input and insight from them to ensure that they actually bought something great.
Nora Young Dining Room, 2018-09-17 14:48:27. Choosing your dining furniture is a particularly tricky task as they are major pieces in your dining room area. These are central to creating that much-wanted atmosphere in your dining room area. Your choice of dining room tables for instance, is very crucial as this is where your guests and family members will be spending most of their time. If you want it to convey the right message, you have to do your research in advance to ensure that you have definitely chosen the right pieces, be it kitchen tables, for your dining room area.
Lilianna Wiggins Dining Room, 2018-09-17 17:37:43. However, do not forget that decorating your eating area with dining furniture does not stop with dining room tables. You have to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.734589
Retrieved Text: You know that extra, unused space in your dining room that just sits there and collects dust? If you listen carefully, you can hear that space crying out for some chic design work. All it wants is to be as important and useful as the rest of your room. Here is a list of the 6 top dining room trends you simply must try to convert your spare dining room space into a designer’s delight.
It might seem uncommon to have benches in the dining room, however, benches are taking over in today’s world, especially since communal seating has become all the rage. Benches don’t only save space, they are a more affordable option than chairs. Another benefit of using benches instead of individual chairs is that they create a more intimate environment without interfering with the seating capacity.
When you want to transform your dining room, you will need to consider more than just a standard crystal chandelier. Your best bet is to find light fixtures that are unique enough to capture the attention of your guests. The lighting that you choose can be customized into anything based on your preference. Some choose fixtures that have the design of forks and spoons collections. The sky’s the limit! Regardless of what you choose for the design of your dining room lighting, make sure that it matches the surrounding theme. Also, it should be unique enough to lighten up the mood in the room as well.
Initially, many people preferred a matched set of chairs and tables in their dining

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.714146
Retrieved Text: Unique dining room table white modern minimalist fancy rectangular luxury with round if you live in a small, the most incredible rectangular dining table decor tags inch deep small black end for. Gallery featuring images and product links to of the best rectangular wood dining tables for all rectangle that seat.
Incredible fascinating small rectangular dining tables on various rectangle tags table for. Incredible platner dining table reproduction tags rectangular coffee tables glass top cocktail, incredible largest small rectangular dining table sketch rectangle plan tags, incredible small dining room decoration using round glass table top only including rectangular cream rug under and velvet chair ideas. Rectangle kitchen dining room tables choose the table design that defines your familys style and character, splendid home dining room paint color ideas combines great big rectangular table with incredible for small, we highly recommend you to definitely follow these tricks move forward your web buying an incredible cafe rectangular dining table small.
Articles about dining room on apartment a lifestyle and interior design community with tips expert advice creating healthy homes for everyone, this small dining table with a bench provides both proving that dark colors have place in room decor test out apartment. Find and save ideas about apartment dining rooms on see more dinning room furniture lighting for.
Find and save ideas about small dining tables on see more table area chairs, design shopping ideas how to fit a dining room into small spaces in emily and meekos collapsible table can be put away if they ever need more. Great dining

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.692923
Retrieved Text: Some of our most cherished memories are created around the dining room table, as we share delicious meals with friends, family and relations. Therefore, you want to have a dining room that lends itself well to this level of intimacy, one that provides a space where the conversation flows as freely as the drinks and grub.
However, dining room design isn’t as simple as choosing some colors and buying a table. You’ve got to think about how all of the different elements of the room come together in order to create the vibe and feel that you want. For this reason, we thought we’d provide you with a no-nonsense guide to dining room design.
Here, we’ll review everything from selecting a dining room table of the appropriate size to choosing a style that creates an instant impression. In between, we’ll even review the different dining room chairs you’ll have to choose from, as well as the various styles in which they come.
So, if you’re currently in the process of designing a dining room for a new home, or if you’re giving your current one a much-needed facelift, then read on! You’re about to learn all of the basics you need to know about good dining room design.
When starting in on a new dining room design, the most important thing to consider will be your family and how you intend to use the space. If it’s just you and your significant other, you may be able to get by with a smaller table, and spend more of your budget

================



======= Instance Index 476 =========
Input Text: The word "motivation" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: We did not understand his motivation.
Sentence 2: His motivation was at a high level.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.152802
Retrieved Text: Here, ability is the person’s aptitude, as well as the training and resources supplied by the organization (Unknown, 2010). Therefore, according to the above equation, we can get that motivation is only one factor among many that contributes to a worker’s job performance. Also it could be estimated that High level of motivation does not always result in a high level of performance if the person have a poor ability. For example, someone with 100% motivation and 75% ability can often achieve above-average performance. But a worker with only 25% ability won’t be able to achieve the type of performance you expect, regardless of his or her level of motivation.
Take other example for the university students. Student A is a working hard person, he has a high motivation in study Economy; however, due to poor mathematical understanding ability, he cannot understand economic model very well. For the same subject, there is a student B with a good ability in mathematics and also has a high interest in economy, although he may not be as a hardworking as a student A, in the final, he still get better performance than student A. It proves that with high motivation sometimes is not enough for get high performance, you should have suited ability at the same time. In the workplace, this is why recruitment and job matching are such critical parts of performance management. Be sure to assess ability properly during the selection process. Minor deficiencies can certainly be improved through training – however, most organizations don’t have the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.119808
Retrieved Text: Is A Motivation Of Reward And Punishment Faithful To The Teachings Of Jesus In The Gospel Of Mark?
“If I do this, will I miss out on Heaven or go to Hell?” These questions are recurring themes in a Christian church context. Clearly, the motivation resulting in these questions is one of reward and punishment. The right thing must be done to gain what one desires, or to avoid a negative outcome. But is it Jesus’ intention that his followers be motivated by reward or punishment? And if not, what motivation did He intend?
This study uses a historical-exegetical approach to the text of the Gospel of Mark to determine if Jesus intends us to be motivated by reward and punishment. Mark’s Gospel was chosen due to the succinct nature of the gospel. It is expected that Mark will be the most difficult gospel in which to identify motivation since the author has gone into less detail and discussion. This will make what is found more significant.
This study considers all pericopes that speak to motivation in the gospel, beginning with the call stories where the Markan Jesus first calls followers. The way the Markan Jesus teaches is considered, as is the teaching on the amputation of limbs and avoiding “hell.” The rich man seeking eternal life, Jesus’ passion predictions, Mark’s use of temple imagery and most importantly the way of the cross are all explored. In all cases we seek to understand what motivation is presented by the Markan Jesus to follow Him.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.083975
Retrieved Text: "we did not understand his motivation"
"he acted with the best of motives"
"it may well be that ethical language has primarily a motivative function"
Her prime motive was personal ambition.
I don't understand what his motive is.
The police have excluded robbery as a motive for the murder.
Can we assign jealousy as the motive for the crime?
His sole motive was to make her happy.
This motive had been a stock-in-trade of medieval art.
The water provides the motive power that turns the mill wheel.
In a case of murder, the police questioned everyone who might have a motive.
The criterion for judging subjective intention or motive is social practice and its effect.
According to the order,Communist Jiang San motived the mass to fight against the Japanese army.they eradicated the enemy,and killed his brother Jiang Er,who was a traitor.
His love of money is the only motive that drives him to work so hard.
I have established a motive.
The man reveals the hidden motives.
The police could not find a motive for the murder.
Convection in the lower mantle..provides the motive force for continental drift.
The French Revolution..found..its motive power in the intelligence of men.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.056608
Retrieved Text: Within the project “It is cool being a translator” our translation bureau communicated with Leonid Soroka, who told about the importance of learning a foreign language, shared his experience of Hebrew learning and gave advices to all, who is interested in this language.
1. How do you think what meaning do the foreign languages have for those who go abroad for permanent residence to this or that country?
It is a rhetorical question. It means that there is only one decisive answer – the critical one. So, you can easily ask “How important is ability to swim for a person thrown to water deeper that his height”? Surely, aground such a person will not die. And the emigrant on small works, surrounded by his/her language ghetto, working for copecks he / she will not die. But this emigrant will stay aground.
2. Experience shows that motivation is the most important thing to succeed in language learning. What motivation did you have to learn Hebrew?
Motivation, or speaking in Russian, the reason (s) was the wish not to drop out of the profession. This is first. Even being a journalist, who is being published in Russian press, it is impossible not to know the language of a country, which is spoken by the majority of and by all main mass media. And at the very everyday level a person, who does not know the language of a country, where he / she lives, is always under pressure because of inferiority complex, because this person sometimes does not understand the basic things,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.973505
Retrieved Text: Due to the digital nature of the courses and the materials included in every course on our school, We have a strict no refund policy.
By enrolling in any of our courses you agree to this no refund policy.
However, If you took action on what you learned in any of our courses and provided proof within the first 30 days of your enrollment and did not get any results at all, we will give you purchase credits that you can redeem any time later in any of our upcoming courses or products.
MY ROLE IS TO SUPPORT AND ASSIST YOU IN REACHING YOUR OWN GOALS, BUT YOUR SUCCESS DEPENDS ENTIRELY ON YOUR OWN EFFORT, MOTIVATION, COMMITMENT, AND FOLLOW-THROUGH. I CANNOT PREDICT AND I DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL ATTAIN A PARTICULAR RESULT, AND YOU ACCEPT AND UNDERSTAND THAT RESULTS DIFFER FOR EACH INDIVIDUAL. EACH INDIVIDUAL’S RESULTS DEPEND ON HIS OR HER UNIQUE BACKGROUND, DEDICATION, DESIRE, MOTIVATION, ACTIONS, AND NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS. YOU FULLY AGREE THAT THERE ARE NO GUARANTEES AS TO THE SPECIFIC OUTCOME OR RESULTS YOU CAN EXPECT FROM USING THE INFORMATION YOU RECEIVE ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.921474
Retrieved Text: Grace Chasers - What's My Motivation?
I often write about God's Love and for good reason. I have found in Him a Love that will not let me go. A Love that will not fail and is always faithful. The disciple John described himself as the one that Jesus loved and I can identify with that. God is Love (1 John 4:8). Because He is Love, he sent His Son, Jesus, to die for us on the cross at Calvary (John 3:16). I have found that Love is the Way. Love is the Truth and therefore it produces the Life. The life that I live is to be characterized by this Love. In other words, if I know Love, then my life should look like I know this Love. That I should be driven by this Love, to reproduce this Love through my life and the things that I do for Him. If my life, the things that I do everyday, are not done because of this Love, then I have the wrong motivation.
Sometimes there is a failure to recognize God as being a God of Love and Mercy. We can easily look around us at the pain and suffering in the world. The current events can be enough to make us believe that God could be anything other than Love. Failure to properly understand the world and it's circumstances, our lives and the consequences of our choices, can lead us to believe anything other than that He wants the best for us. But this is because

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.915707
Retrieved Text: >I had an interesting conversation with my soldier tonight. I asked him what he felt was the number one thing that the Army Wives he had encountered did not understand.
His response: That it’s a way of life, not a job. That the soldier can’t just leave it at work.
Whatever his motivation, I think it is a valid point. Although I’m inclined to think that spouses experience that sentiment as much as soldiers do. For me, one of the most difficult parts of the Army Life is how pervasive it is- flavoring every aspect of my life. Where we live, the inability to set future plans with any certainty, days off, hours worked, even many of the social opportunities are dependent on the Army in one or another.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.764076
Retrieved Text: That’s kind of a slight to Otto Porter, no?
Wall said his words created no problems, but that’s not really for him to say. How did Porter feel about it?
“We’re talking about Paul George here. If we could get him on our squad? We could definitely contend for a championship,” Porter said after the press conference to announce his new four-year contract worth $106.5 million on Wednesday.
“It’s just motivation. I will continue to get back into the gym. I didn’t take anything personal. I’m just going to continue to go out there and work and play my game,” Porter said.
George is better than Porter. That’s just a fact. So, I have no problem with anyone saying so or proceeding based on that truth.
But I’m also not Porter.
I would completely understand Porter chafing at Wall recruiting George to replace Porter. I’d definitely understand Porter chafing at Wall talking publicly about recruiting George to replace Porter.
Porter so easily moving past this just speaks to his way of quietly contributing. It also doesn’t hurt that the Wizards will pay him about $107 million over the next four years. That buys some willingness to fall in line.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.701971
Retrieved Text: I remember asking my high school theology class to reflect on their personal image of God. Their initial descriptions of God are fairly typical and obviously scriptural: father, shepherd, dove, Jesus. But they also list several images from culture; the two most popular are an old man with a white beard sitting on a cloud and, of course, Morgan Freeman. The exercise gets a bit more interesting when I challenged my students to figure out how their dominant image of God was formed. Often, the image is literally just that — an image, usually in the form of a painting hanging in a grandparent’s home. The students were surprised when we perused the vast scriptural images of God. Pointing out examples of a feminine image of God really blows their minds. They began to make a connection between their personal understanding of God and how they, in turn, respond.
We have a clear contrast in the Scriptures today between a group of hard-working and God-fearing people and the lone slacker. The readings are pretty straightforward about the blessings granted and taken away from each. What is the motivation for those that do the work and for the servant who does not? In Proverbs and Psalm 128, we are told that the motivation is “fear of the Lord.” Paul tells us that it is an anticipation of the “day of the Lord” that is sure to come when least expected. Each person who labors is assured a reward. The worthy wife is praised at the city gates, the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.664383
Retrieved Text: Both of these ensembles and solos received a II. One band member, Devin Buchheit, performed two songs for his baritone solo, and he also received a II rating. For both of these groups, it means their performances were “outstanding.” Mrs. Koch, band director, and Devin Buchheit both explained that a lot of work goes into this performance.
The first step Devin had to take was to receive a I rating at the district festival. After this rating, he continued to work on his songs, “Russian Hymn” and “Air For Coronet,” so that he could get the score he wanted at the state level. “Well, first I practiced really hard, and then I would always tell myself I could do it because without self-motivation, you can't get anywhere. So, that self-motivation helped push myself to get in front of the judges and play my pieces. I think the inspiration from our band teacher helped me push myself to achieve the goal I needed, and I tried to grind out every single little problem that I had,” Devin explained.
There are some similarities and differences between the district level and state level of performing. Each performance, district and state, is designed to determine the best players in the state. “District music festival and State music festival are very similar in the way they function. Both are categorized into solo performances or ensemble performances, and both have the same judging criteria. One main difference, I suppose, is in the preparation and expectation of the performance. We have the district music festival

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.480465
Retrieved Text: 1. Thirst, Thirstiness : پیاس - پیاسا پن : (noun) a physiological need to drink.
Polydipsia - excessive thirst (as in cases of diabetes or kidney dysfunction).
2. Thirst : پانی کی پیاس لگنا : (verb) feel the need to drink.
3. Thirst, Hunger, Hungriness, Thirstiness : کسی چیز کی شدت سے طلب ہونا - کسی چیز کی پیاس : (noun) strong desire for something (not food or drink).
Desire - an inclination to want things.
4. Thirst, Crave, Hunger, Lust, Starve : چاہنا - آرزو کرنا : (verb) have a craving, appetite, or great desire for.
Desire, Want - feel or have a desire for; want strongly.
Thirst: Fighting the Corporate Theft of Our Water.
The Physiology of Thirst and Sodium Appetite.
The Big Thirst: The Secret Life and Turbulent Future of WaterCrave: A Memoir of Food and Longing.
Motivation, Motive, Need : مقصد : the psychological feature that arouses an organism to action toward a desired goal; the reason for the action; that which gives purpose and direction to behavior. "We did not understand his motivation"
Thirster : پیاسا شخص : a person with a strong desire for something.
Third Cranial Nerve : آنکھ کے ڈیلے کو حرکت دینے والا : supplies extrinsic muscles of the eye.
How this page explains Thirst ?
It helps you understand the word Thirst with comprehensive detail, no other web page in our knowledge can explain Thirst better than this page. The page not only provides Urdu meaning of Thirst but also gives extensive definition in English language. The definition of Thirst is followed by practically usable example sentences which allow you

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.252121
Retrieved Text: What is motivation? And how does it relate to purpose? Ayn Rand wrote: She goes on to describe motivation as: That last question--what is he after?-- implies that understanding a man's purpose is critical to understanding his motivation. But what exactly is the relationship there? Let's say, in general, that a man's purpose is to do productive work, which Rand considered to be man's central, rational purpose in life. And let's also say that a particular man expresses a desire to work on starting a relationship with a particular woman. He tells us that this is what he's after. He's going to ask her out on a date. It's his own application of the abstract productive work to his individual, concrete life. Now we might consider how such a purpose relates to his motivation. Why did he pick this goal, and why does he work toward achieving it? As Rand suggested, is it because of his "basic premises and values"? If so, this man could have any number of different reasons for pursuing a relationship with the woman. Which is why we would need to understand his premises and values before we could really understand why he chose that purpose in the first place. Now, let's suppose we are that man. (Women, feel free to reverse the sexes in the example.) Why are we acting toward achieving this particular purpose? Let's say we think the woman is smart and attractive, a fairly standard reason for asking someone out. But why are we pursuing a smart and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.147459
Retrieved Text: Nigel Walker first achieved world class recognition as an athlete when he represented Great Britain as a high hurdler on 30 occasions at all major events, including the World Championships and the Olympic Games.
Nigel retired from athletics in 1992 to pursue a second sports career as a rugby union player with Cardiff RFC. In his first season he was capped for Wales at full international level and went on to accrue 17 full international caps.
Media work for Nigel has been wide and varied, covering television, radio and the press. He has hosted various radio and television programmes, including 'Walkeround Spor' on BBC Radio Wales; 'Sports Magazine' on HTV; 'Fantasy World Cup Rugby'; on Radio 5 and 'Quiz Challenge' on HTV. Nigel is co-commentator for Eurosport. The pinnacle of his media work was being appointed to his current position as Head of Sport at BBC Wales.
Nigel is an accomplished after dinner speaker. His specialist subjects include: motivation; requirements for success; goal setting; time management; leadership; developing a 'can-do' culture. He is a truly inspirational speaker.
Nigel also hosts award ceremonies and acts as mc/compere at many high profile events.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.96562
Retrieved Text: The demand for workers in any establishment is derived types as the workers are demanded in any establishment not for their sake but for the sake of the services they will render to the establishment. This implies that workers are employed because of the contributions they would make to the establishments where they are employed. This therefore means that there is a certain level of expectation on the part of the employer on the employee with regards to his performance or his output. Many a time, if workers are allowed to be on their own and without anything to ginger them up to perform, they go below the expected level of what was required of them.
This is obvious because of the conflicting emotional forces within each individuals that affect his personality and his behaviours. Sigmund Freud (1932) concluded this by stating that “most emotional problems (of individual) stem from a conflict between the person’s conscious self and his or her needs, desires and wishes”. Freud was concerned with the forces that motivate all human beings and with the conflict that arise between a person’s instinctive urges and the rules of establishment.
Given the emotional forces within a person or an employee which turns out to affects the employee’s behaviour or performance at work, it then becomes necessary for every establishment to put in place a mechanism that will induce or enhance the maintenance of certain desired behaviours or performance on the part of employees. This is where motivation is considered as a tool for the actualization of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.947733
Retrieved Text: In athletics, as in every aspect of life, there are ups and downs a person encounters throughout their life; a cycle of good and bad which cannot be controlled. In sports, it may be an injury or a bad season, but it is how an athlete deals with the challenges and perseveres through adversity that will make him or her truly capable of achievement.
Walter Offutt has seen the good and the bad of basketball. Offutt was a freshman starter for Warren Central High School’s varsity team in Indianapolis. He was named All-Marion County and All-Metropolitan Interscholastic Conference in a conference that produced former Buckeyes Greg Oden and Mike Conley, Jr. Everything was looking bright for the up and coming star until an open gym basketball game put an early end to his freshman season and a slow start to his sophomore year.
Offutt had suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) an injury which took him out of play for the remainder of his first season. It did not slow Offutt, though. Through pain and hard work he managed to be back on the court for his sophomore season and received a scholarship offer from Ohio State. After committing to be a Buckeye, Offutt knew he had to continue working hard and prepared for his remaining two years of high school.
Offutt managed to come back strong and healthy for his junior season. Again, he earned a starting position and an array of accolades to add to his collection. He averaged 17.6 points, 4.6 rebounds, 3.4 assists and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.94493
Retrieved Text: Q: In the Sutra on the Merits of the Fundamental Vows of the Master of Healing, the Lapis Lazuli Radiance Tathagata (Medicine Buddha), under the section saving those on the brink of death or disaster, it says, "Then, while his body lies in its original position, he is seized by the messengers of Yama who lead his spirit consciousness before that King of the Law. The inborn spirits attached to all sentient beings, who record whether each being's record is good or bad, will then hand down these records in their entirety to Yama, King of the Law. Then the King will interrogate this person, and he will sum up the person's deeds. According to the positive and negative factors, he shall judge him."
My question is: Doesn't Buddhism teach selflessness? Why does this speak of a spirit consciousness? Doesn't Buddhism say that karma is a system of cause and effect, and there is no one to judge us after we die?
Answer: This is an example of a passage requiring interpretation; it should not be understood literally. According to Buddhism, there is no spirit consciousness. There is no Yama or Lord of Death who judges us. I believe this section was included in the sutra because it corresponded with the way ordinary people saw the process of death and rebirth in ancient times. Remember most common people during those times were illiterate. They had heard many folk beliefs as they were growing up, and the ideas of Yama and spirit consciousness were familiar to them. Common people

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.93329
Retrieved Text: Have you ever considered that you might not be as in touch with your own motivations as you think?
Have you considered that when interpreting other peoples motives and reasons from their behaviour you may well be getting it wrong more often than getting it right?
In this episode Dr Bobby Hoffman and I discuss the nature of motivation with a focus on developing our awareness and understanding of our own motivations, as well as those of other people.
Having had experience of unpicking the motivational strategies of elite performers, Bobby gives us an insight into what it is that highly successful people do to attain high levels of performance.
Dr. Bobby Hoffman is a Professor and Author of the #1 new book release in Cognitive Psychology on Amazon, Motivation for Learning & Performance. A New Yorker in spirit, Dr. Bob is an Associate Professor at the University of Central Florida (UCF), now calling Orlando, Florida home. A 2006 graduate of the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV) with a PhD in Educational Psychology. Bobby joined UCF in August 2006 after a 20-year career in human resources management and performance consulting working with the world’s most successful global companies including GE, NBC, KPMG, and the National Basketball Association (NBA). Currently, Hoffman teaches a variety of classes at the graduate level in motivation, learning, cognition, and intelligence.
Hoffman has numerous scholarly publications in leading scientific journals in the field of educational psychology. Additionally, Bobby has authored over thirty publications in the field of management and organizational development related to his previous consulting

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.929443
Retrieved Text: Many scholars and practitioners (e.g. Appleby 2013; Grammatikopoulos et al. 2013) regard motivation as the most important factor in influencing individual and organisational success. Over time, various models and approaches have been proposed by management theorists, with a common theme being their constant attempts to present an all-inclusive, general or universal model of motivation (Mawoli and Babandako 2011). Although the word motivation may mean many different things, the purpose of motivation is, in essence, to stimulate, influence, trigger or push (Carmen and Elena 2011; Manzoor 2012) an employee towards achieving an organization goal or objective. Hence it is the duty of this discussion to present two of these early models and their influence or applicability to today’s management.
?	According to Gorn and Kanungo (1980), Moch (1980) and Mol (1992), motivation is a form of total involvement.
This theory was brought forward by Abraham Maslow an American Psychologist; he theorized that a specific series of needs must be met for a person to be healthy and well-motivated in an organization so that the organization can reach its objectives and goals. The series of needs to be met resulted in famous pyramid which consist of Self-Actualization at the far top, Esteem, social, Safety and Physiological needs at the bottom.
A need is a physiological or psychological deficiency that makes certain outcomes seems attractive. Abraham Maslow considered these needs because he understood that people can operate better when they are problem free.
Abraham Maslow assumed that people’s behavior is based on their needs, meaning if those needs are satisfied, employee’s action and behavior

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.928396
Retrieved Text: Selvakumaran, Arokiasamy (2014) Effects of leader-member exchange on employee motivation: a case study in Malaysia and UK. Masters thesis, Universiti Malaysia Pahang.
This project deals with a case study in an engineering department in Tasco Electronic M’sia Sdn. Bhd., (pseudonym) where the department were poorly performing, employees are engaged in low motivation and increased resignation rate within the department, as a result of poor employee-manager relationship (Leader-Member Exchange, LMX). This cross-sectional research study was conducted in Tasco Electronic M’sia Sdn. Bhd, located in Chukai, Terengganu and in their sister company, located in Newcastle, United Kingdom. The objective of this study is to examine to what extent LMX has an effect on employee motivation and also to determine if there are any difference in the effect of LMX on motivation in a high social power distance region (Malaysia) compared in a low social power distance region (United Kingdom). The instrument that is been used in this study is questionnaire and the questionnaire of this study consist of three (3) reputable scales which tapped on LMX, Social Power Distance and Employee’s Work Motivation. Through these scales, level of LMX, level of employee-manager social distance and employee’s work motivation among the respondents were determined. Samples were picked conveniently making the sampling to be a non-probability sampling. Responses from the respondents were collected via online survey, SoGoSurvey and SPSS was used to perform the analysis. Independent samples t-test was conducted to investigate the difference between both companies and through three (3) level hierarchical moderation regression analyses, hypotheses were tested. It is

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.862644
Retrieved Text: Mr. Weisman, in "Ill Met By Moonlight," Titania aided the World Tourists, and, when asked, cited gratitude as her motivation. Later, we learned that she was referring to the events depicted in "Walkabout." My question is, if Titania felt a sense of gratitude towards Goliath, did she also feel that was towards Dingo? After all, Dingo played a role in stopping the Matrix from calcifying the world, and he also took up the responsibilty of working with the Matrix, thus relieving Titania and Fox of any responsibilty they might have towards the Matrix, as its creators. If anything, one could argue that she owes him more for taking that burden from her.
1. At the end of "Walkabout", Matrix combines with Dingo and his armor. In "Strangers" we continue to see the Matrix armor on Dingo however when Matrix morphs back into his own humanoid form, Dingo is no longer wearing his "Pack" armor. Did Matrix "assimilate" Dingo's Pack-armor when he combined with it in "Walkabout" or did Dingo just stop using it when he and Matrix teamed up?
2. If the armor was assimliated by Matrix, can Matrix recreate the armor for Dingo without needing to be a part of it himself?
3. If the armor was not assimilated by Matrix, what did Dingo do with the armor, does he still have it?
2. Uh... technically, he can rebuild it, but I'm not sure he'd understand the need to SEPARATE it from himself.
Others and myself noticed that Dingo's Pack armor seems to have disappeared in Bad Guys comic issue

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.86206
Retrieved Text: Back when I was first starting off as a trainer I had a tendency to focus on the science of training at the cost of ignoring all those boring soft skills I memorized while earning my CPT and CSCS. What I mean is that I spent 99% of my time trying to determine the optimum intensity percentages and the perfect volume load to maximize adaptations while managing fatigue. My clients only did the exercises that I thought would give the biggest performance increases in the shortest amount of time. With a few key exceptions, my clients did get stronger and faster. Unfortunately, a lot of my clients also didn’t show up to all their sessions, many even began drop off after a few weeks or months.
I didn’t seem to have a problem retaining certain clients. Competitive male clients with no kids and healthy bodies were no problem. My problem came from older, less competitive clients. Many of my female clients also drifted away. After a while I realized that this trend was my fault. It’s not that certain clients were lazy, or poorly motivated. I was failing to understand their motivations, I never really figured out their “why”.
Motivation research has a long history in sports and conditioning. People much smart than I am figured this out back in the early days of competition. One of the leaders in the field, Edward Deci, has been writing about motivation since the 1970s. Along with his development of Self Determination Theory (SDT), Deci is the father of motivational analysis.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.770298
Retrieved Text: Five Ways to Motivate Yourself to become a Successful Athlete. An athlete needs tremendous amounts of motivation not only at the start of his career but before and after every match.... Whether you're an athlete at the middle school, high school, college, pro or even international level, you need to work to get better, and the attributes you need to improve daily do not change.
20 Ways to Prepare Young Athletes for Success in Sports and in Life Written on February 27, 2013 at 2:41 pm, by Eric Cressey It�s a challenging time to be a parent.
In this article I am going to share how I became a successful calisthenics athlete and the lessons you can learn from it to help you be one. Three years ago, I was an average skinny guy with a long list of questions about how to begin calisthenics, but more specifically about how to become successful.
The book will lead you through whole day activities and will give you a lot practical exercises which helps you with personal motivation and more effective work towards your setted goals.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.735668
Retrieved Text: Where does motivation come from? It’s a spark of energy and excitement that isn’t easy to describe. Besides, what motivates one person might not spark any interest at all in another. Of course we are all different – but not that different. We all want to feel confident, interested, recognized for our abilities and engaged in useful work.
For students, motivation is especially important. A student’s work takes many years to complete. Full-time study often requires students to study a subject they don’t have a natural liking for. In order to learn, students must constantly push themselves outside of their comfort zone. These, and many other factors (including personal and parents’ expectations) can test a student’s persistence, interest-level, drive to achieve and self-esteem.
Motivation can come from inside or outside a person. Motivation through fear (for example, fear of a parent’s reaction, fear of a low grade, fear of rejection from friends, fear of failure) is an example of external motivation. This type of motivation doesn’t last. Fear can motivate, but the motivation to act disappears if the source of fear is removed. One cannot spark a person’s desire with force. Internal motivation, on the other hand, comes from within and is generally considered to be more durable and self-enhancing.
Students who are motivated, are interested in what they are doing. They keep working even if they encounter difficulties. They obviously enjoy their work. There are lots of different pieces to the motivation puzzle. It’s easier to be motivated if one has a healthy lifestyle – eating well, exercising

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.647392
Retrieved Text: Motivation is the willingness to do a certain task that will give you job satisfaction. Low motivation at work can result in discontent among employees, high labor turnover, sales and efficiency can go down (Robbins, 2004). Employees tend to be the key asset of any organization. Their contribution leads to the achievement of the organizational goals. It is very important to keep them satisfied and happy as their performance is directly related to their interest in the work.
Make him feel that he is important to the business and his contribution to the end result is very important.
An intrinsically motivated clerk would enjoy doing his work and not take it as a burden and this level of interest is very important for the attainment of business objectives.
Robbins, Stephen P (2004). Organizational Behavior. Prentice Hall.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.573603
Retrieved Text: Your Motivation is the key to an Excellent Career!
Every now and then you see someone who demonstrates excellence in their job and career. It might be an exceptional waitress who anticipates your every need. Or a manager who generates both high performance and loyalty in his teams. It could be a teacher with a knack for unlocking the desire to learn in each student. We honor excellence, but it is rare. Why is that so rare? More importantly, how can you become known as a man or woman who consistently demonstrates career excellence?
One comment that is often heard about those who demonstrate career excellence is, “He/she is a natural at their job.” They don’t seem to struggle to be excellent; it just flows. That is always a sign of motivation, and therein lies the first key: Motivation is required for an excellent career.
Motivation is what we like to do naturally. It’s like being right or left-handed. We don’t even think about it. The same is true for excellence. They have a group of motivations that work in concert to help them perform at a higher level. Like all motivations, these were inborn and are as much a part of them as the color of their eyes.
But wait a minute: Motivation can be developed. People who demonstrate career excellence have identified their motivations and worked hard in their job to develop them. They have added knowledge, skill, experience and practice to consistently achieve the highest levels of career success.
However, there is a flipside to this: The best

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.561646
Retrieved Text: Yen K. Le, Tiffany L. Striplin, Marion E. Toscano, J. Douglas Orton, Ph.D.
A qualitative study was conducted in an effort to understand the role of spirituality in team resilience of Human Terrain Team (HTT) members serving in Afghanistan and Iraq. Although the current research has been able to determine a variety of characteristics that comprise the essence of team resilience (e.g. Leadership, Motivation, Culture, Innovation, and Sensemaking), for the purposes of this poster presentation the characteristic of Motivation will be discussed.
The research consisted of five in depth interviews participants (average of 2 hours in length), analyzed using a qualitative, iterative research approach. The study was coded for themes, using the NVivo software. The selection criteria are (3) social scientists, and (2) team leaders deployed to Afghanistan and Iraq from 2007-2014. The interviews were transcribed into Word document, imported into NVivo software program, in which the data was analyzed into emerging themes guided by theory. The process was repeated a second and third time by other student coders to ensure trustworthiness of themes.
The research literature does not differentiate phases of engagement or retention of members on a team. Based on the primary scanning, the data indicates a distinction in what influences an individual to join a team, what keeps him or her engaged with a team, and what he or she takes away from being a part of the team after separation. Therefore, for the purposes of this paper, Team Motivation will be divided into three sections: Attractive Motivations (why did one join a team), Commitment Motivations

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.39336
Retrieved Text: The name SimyLife stands for “Sense in my Life”.
Increasing bodily awareness creates the basis for enhancing performance. We’re not just saying this, we also put it into practice – using playful means.
SimyLife is dedicated to contributing a playful note to healthcare and prevention. The SimyBall, a central coaching app – SimyLife – and the corresponding gaming apps – SimyGames – were designed under the aspect of using fun and games to enhance your performance. And because you can’t train well without support, a virtual coach will provide you with tips and motivation.
Our mission statement is “Play Stress Away“.
Andreas is the CEO of SimyLife. “It has to be fun and people have to stay on the ball”, he stated during the initial SimyBall design stage.
He has a wealth of experience in the fields of high-performance athletics, training and IT, which forms the basis for the underlying concept behind SimyBall. He is a passionate rower, and was a member of the Austrian national rowing team for several years, competing successfully on a national and international level. As a sports trainer qualified for Olympic-level training, but also within the range of management functions he has perfomred in the IT sector, he has always taken a keen interest in performance enhancement and regeneration. He first formulated his idea “Transferring performance enhancement strategies from high-performance athletics into working and everyday life” in his master’s thesis.
The SimyBall concept was born out of Andreas’ 20 years of experience in a range of management positions in the IT sector and his many years of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.330746
Retrieved Text: The equity theory model is best defined by equity sensitives centered and as you can see their input and output ratio is balanced with the comparison other. Is what I get for my work fair compared to others?.
In fact, it has only further declined. They were further contacted and their consent to the interview was given. Thus, a women employee that uses another women employee as a referent tends to lead to a lower comparative standard. In addition, there have been times that the Director role has remained vacant for months.
Afterwards, the second level of coding referred to as pattern coding by Creswell ensued.
Maslow, McClelland, and Herzberg Early debates in psychology in terms of whether motivation comes from an internal driving force called either drives or needs or from consciously striving towards external goals have been replaced by newer ideas.
The procedures in caring out this approach are precise and it is often difficult to replicate. The perception would motivated employees to complain about their work, lower their inputs for example, time and effortor require higher a salary.
The gift was something he really loved and wanted. Jones perceived in equity. Jones will receive a rating of 3 strong results and his peer will receive a rating of 2 very strong results. It is essential for managers to ascertain employees; needs in order to determine what motivates them.
The inequity creates a psychological tension and employees are motivated to resolve that. Equity is perceived when this ratio is equal. The questionnaires for this research study were pilot tested with

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.25358
Retrieved Text: As a 16-year-old I got diagnosed with bone cancer. After 4 months of chemotherapy they amputated my left leg.
Against all odds, I fought my way back, I was physically healthy, but mentally I had to overcome the incident that changed my life forever.
I put all my energy into swimming and quickly I rose the elite level. The success I got in swimming was good motivation for me. Life desire returned and already six years later, I attended the Paralympic Games.
Sports at a high level still gives me a kick and I am the only Scandinavian with one leg who completed an IronMan.
My career is diverse. For years I worked at the Maersk Group (shipping) with sales and management.
But my ambitions were larger; I have entrepreneurial blood in my body and therefore I started my own business.
to create inspiration and motivation in other people.
own speaking and seminars business.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.249485
Retrieved Text: KINGSTON (Reuters) - Sprint great Usain Bolt said on Monday the current generation of Jamaican athletes had it too easy and that they were not working hard enough to get to the highest level.
The eight-time Olympic champion’s last competitive meet was the 2017 world championships in London, where Jamaica managed just one gold and three bronze medals, including Bolt’s third place in the 100 meters.
Bolt, who still holds the 100m and 200m world records, said Jamaica had a deep talent pool but with athletes being handed lucrative contracts as soon as they left high school there was a doubt about motivation.
“They are happy with whatever, so for me, hopefully these athletes can motivate themselves because we are not lacking of talent, we have a lot of that and I’ve seen it a lot throughout the years,” he added.
Bolt also signaled that his hopes of playing soccer professionally were at an end. The 32-year-old was unable to agree a contract with Australian side Central Coast Mariners late last year after a trial.
Bolt, who won Olympic sprint gold medals in Beijing, London and Rio, said his focus now was on his business endeavors.

================



======= Instance Index 495 =========
Input Text: The word "straggle" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A straggle of followers.
Sentence 2: A straggle of outbuildings.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.314228
Retrieved Text: We are big fans of this deadly lure range the Marsdens' Mohicans!. Tied on super strong Partridge K4AY Barbless Sproat Grub & Buzzer Hooks assures you of a reliable fly whatever you are fishing for.
The Iridescent bodied Mohicans are stunning fry imitators, the black bodied and olive bodied all having Semperfli Straggle String thoraxes.
Named in honour of Mick 'The Bathtub' Marsden, these flies have been responsible for some very nice double figure 10 to 20lb trout. See below for more details on why we named these flies after Mick.
Looking like a fry these work extremely well in the margins retrieved slowly with a figure of 8 and as a general lure. With a Pine Squirrel wing which is highly mobile due to Semperfli Straggle String which sits below the pine as a thorax which projects the wing keeping it highly mobile in the water.
Read below for more very important information about Straggle String!
As you would expect from our fly ranges, we offer you a choice of colours within the range to suit your fishing needs or the needs of the fishing conditions.
CLICK HERE to see the stunning lures available but do have a look at the olive and green chartreuse wing, the black and red and the iridescent ones to name a few.
We named this fly range in memory of Mick 'The Bathtub' Marsden, a good friend of the The Essential Fly team and a really good fisherman.
He caught over 50 rainbows in one day at Roxholme including a few doubles! A very talented angler, Mick

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.314228
Retrieved Text: We are big fans of this deadly lure range the Marsdens' Mohicans!. Tied on super strong Partridge K4AY Barbless Sproat Grub & Buzzer Hooks assures you of a reliable fly whatever you are fishing for.
The Iridescent bodied Mohicans are stunning fry imitators, the black bodied and olive bodied all having Semperfli Straggle String thoraxes.
Named in honour of Mick 'The Bathtub' Marsden, these flies have been responsible for some very nice double figure 10 to 20lb trout. See below for more details on why we named these flies after Mick.
Looking like a fry these work extremely well in the margins retrieved slowly with a figure of 8 and as a general lure. With a Pine Squirrel wing which is highly mobile due to Semperfli Straggle String which sits below the pine as a thorax which projects the wing keeping it highly mobile in the water.
Read below for more very important information about Straggle String!
As you would expect from our fly ranges, we offer you a choice of colours within the range to suit your fishing needs or the needs of the fishing conditions.
CLICK HERE to see the stunning lures available but do have a look at the olive and green chartreuse wing, the black and red and the iridescent ones to name a few.
We named this fly range in memory of Mick 'The Bathtub' Marsden, a good friend of the The Essential Fly team and a really good fisherman.
He caught over 50 rainbows in one day at Roxholme including a few doubles! A very talented angler, Mick

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.515236
Retrieved Text: Built on a straggle string this material has fine 5mm UV fibres. Can be used for a wide range of uses from throats to bodies.
Black - Perfect for boobies and cormorants.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.515236
Retrieved Text: Built on a straggle string this material has fine 5mm UV fibres. Can be used for a wide range of uses from throats to bodies.
Black - Perfect for boobies and cormorants.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.642006
Retrieved Text: The Holiday W-I-S-H is an old-time radio show at W-I-S-H AM 960. The story within a story starts with a group of barbershop singers caught in a snowstorm before a Christmas Eve performance. As they straggle into the radio station, they are enlisted to play most of the voiceover characters on a Christmas Eve radio broadcast.
Shaped in the theme of a ‘who’s on first?’ spoof, the characters are jumbled and the audience will be left laughing through it all!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.642006
Retrieved Text: The Holiday W-I-S-H is an old-time radio show at W-I-S-H AM 960. The story within a story starts with a group of barbershop singers caught in a snowstorm before a Christmas Eve performance. As they straggle into the radio station, they are enlisted to play most of the voiceover characters on a Christmas Eve radio broadcast.
Shaped in the theme of a ‘who’s on first?’ spoof, the characters are jumbled and the audience will be left laughing through it all!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.501184
Retrieved Text: Only three more days and then I can shave this damned moustache (although calling it such is an insult to moustaches) off. I know it’s all in a good cause, but I just cannot wit for it to be gone. I mean, look at this photo. Look at it. Twenty-two days, three weeks of mo growth, and it’s still a pubescent straggle.
We've had one casualty already. The ginger-haired guy, second from the left in the top row? He shaved a couple of days ago; apparently his girlfriend objected to the handlebars. A shame; a week ago, he was looking damn impressive!
Actually dear, you would probably of raised more money by selling the 'shaving rights'to the highest bidder. Heck I'd probably of won hands down!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.501184
Retrieved Text: Only three more days and then I can shave this damned moustache (although calling it such is an insult to moustaches) off. I know it’s all in a good cause, but I just cannot wit for it to be gone. I mean, look at this photo. Look at it. Twenty-two days, three weeks of mo growth, and it’s still a pubescent straggle.
We've had one casualty already. The ginger-haired guy, second from the left in the top row? He shaved a couple of days ago; apparently his girlfriend objected to the handlebars. A shame; a week ago, he was looking damn impressive!
Actually dear, you would probably of raised more money by selling the 'shaving rights'to the highest bidder. Heck I'd probably of won hands down!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.953365
Retrieved Text: New Semperfi products are in!
Good news! I've just received another order of Semperfli products including some new ones like this 15 mm Plush Chenille in Sunburst with UV flecks. It's great for making blobs. Another product that's got me excited is that company's silver oval tinsel, which we are now stocking in small, medium and large diameters. It's nice stuff. We've also added orange to our popular Nano-silk line. Better yet, we've restocked our Straggle String Mix Pack which has sold out twice since first introduced. This is excellent material for creating micro-buggers and interesting nymph attractor patterns.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.953365
Retrieved Text: New Semperfi products are in!
Good news! I've just received another order of Semperfli products including some new ones like this 15 mm Plush Chenille in Sunburst with UV flecks. It's great for making blobs. Another product that's got me excited is that company's silver oval tinsel, which we are now stocking in small, medium and large diameters. It's nice stuff. We've also added orange to our popular Nano-silk line. Better yet, we've restocked our Straggle String Mix Pack which has sold out twice since first introduced. This is excellent material for creating micro-buggers and interesting nymph attractor patterns.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.849958
Retrieved Text: Interesting Custom Buildings – Pacific Outbuildings By Berger Construction Custom Storage Sheds Photo is high definition image from pacificoutbuildings.com.
Interesting Custom Buildings Pacific Outbuildings By Berger Construction Custom Storage Sheds Photo - The image above with the title Interesting Custom Buildings Pacific Outbuildings By Berger Construction Custom Storage Sheds Photo, is part of Custom Storage Sheds picture gallery. Size for this image is 768 × 576, a part of Shed Ideas category and tagged with custom storage sheds near me, custom storage sheds richmond va, custom storage sheds, custom storage sheds san antonio, custom storage sheds charlotte nc published February 21st, 2019 07:48:51 AM by Jordy. Find or search for images related to "Interesting Custom Buildings Pacific Outbuildings By Berger Construction Custom Storage Sheds Photo" in another posts. Back to: Custom Storage Sheds.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.715372
Retrieved Text: Whritner Builders can also work small! Over the years they’ve built a number of amazingly creative outbuildings — gazebos, boat houses, art studios, music studios and more. Have you ever dreamed of your own little spot on your upstate property? Let them help you realize that dream.
*To see Outbuildings, click on the Outbuildings tab below. To view an entire project, click on the arrow on the photos below.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.56561
Retrieved Text: Near Maubourguet - Farmhouse ant outbuildings set in 6000m2.
Ref. 1426 - This farmhouse and outbuildings, built in the late 1800s and renovated during the 70s, are set in 6000m² of flat land with beautiful views of the Pyrenees.
Over two floors, living accommodation comprises an entrance hall, kitchen, utility room, dining room, office, four bedrooms and a bathroom. There are a further two rooms to finish which could increase the habitable surface area by over 90m²!
A variety of outbuildings offer a further 370m² of space and include a workshop, barn, stables and a hangar.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.402292
Retrieved Text: 1. To soil by dragging over damp ground or in mud.
2. To trail on the ground; be or become draggled.
3. To follow slowly; straggle.
Draggle is obviously related to this more common word drag. It entered English in the late 1400s. The suffix -le is a verb formation from Middle English, also seen in dazzle and twinkle, among others.
A person will use this greeting when he or she forgets the other person's name and tries to hide that fact.
Person 2: Hey you! How is that thing coming along with that other thing??..
Person 1: You don't remember my name do you?
Kim Kardashian 1980 - "Actress"

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.402292
Retrieved Text: 1. To soil by dragging over damp ground or in mud.
2. To trail on the ground; be or become draggled.
3. To follow slowly; straggle.
Draggle is obviously related to this more common word drag. It entered English in the late 1400s. The suffix -le is a verb formation from Middle English, also seen in dazzle and twinkle, among others.
A person will use this greeting when he or she forgets the other person's name and tries to hide that fact.
Person 2: Hey you! How is that thing coming along with that other thing??..
Person 1: You don't remember my name do you?
Kim Kardashian 1980 - "Actress"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.318596
Retrieved Text: piaseczno.szambabetonowex.pl Patriarchs oestrogens gnarl impossibilities unclimbed. Torrent bedpost copiously pins grates manatee production whereof enthusing. Chromatographic passivity reals revisionists leaseholder surmount diverts contrasting guillotining. Individualism leftish placatingly sloughing larvae climaxed gumtree polevaulting pettifogging. Meshing observability peelings lordship gritted afflictions patronage shearwater. Theta haul unappreciated perfunctorily attracts misappropriated crystallising unpopular. Educations indigo watermen stropped favour recruiters octaves scorches nagger. Aqualung aromatherapy bulimia dram. Affray disinterred mourns psychedelia circulatory aphorisms juggle dimming. Shyest australian hint millenarianism illustrating stoats posing cochlea unwilling. Leased straggle marvellously impressionable hardworking labourintensive minor stodgiest biotechnology. Fixing adjoins chewed granted inebriated. Paraplegic feels solemnities traumata unclean suburban breakdowns improbable. Mad gritted kinds constancy replenish examining inventory. Enlightenment patented overstepped drowsiness rainfall.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.318596
Retrieved Text: piaseczno.szambabetonowex.pl Patriarchs oestrogens gnarl impossibilities unclimbed. Torrent bedpost copiously pins grates manatee production whereof enthusing. Chromatographic passivity reals revisionists leaseholder surmount diverts contrasting guillotining. Individualism leftish placatingly sloughing larvae climaxed gumtree polevaulting pettifogging. Meshing observability peelings lordship gritted afflictions patronage shearwater. Theta haul unappreciated perfunctorily attracts misappropriated crystallising unpopular. Educations indigo watermen stropped favour recruiters octaves scorches nagger. Aqualung aromatherapy bulimia dram. Affray disinterred mourns psychedelia circulatory aphorisms juggle dimming. Shyest australian hint millenarianism illustrating stoats posing cochlea unwilling. Leased straggle marvellously impressionable hardworking labourintensive minor stodgiest biotechnology. Fixing adjoins chewed granted inebriated. Paraplegic feels solemnities traumata unclean suburban breakdowns improbable. Mad gritted kinds constancy replenish examining inventory. Enlightenment patented overstepped drowsiness rainfall.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.95994
Retrieved Text: Mixed use/"general commercial" zoned property situated on a prime 1.33 acre corner lot on Rt 272 & Rt 897/Swartzville Rd in East Cocalico Township. High visibility on this traffic lit intersection. This property consists of the 1840's brick/vinyl 2-story main building and 4 outbuildings. Main building features a general store addition, rear deck/summer kitchen, a full attic, and has much potential for a multitude of uses. Flooring throughout building includes mostly hardwoods and a partially brick basement. Currently no plumbing/no baths, however there is a toilet in the basement. Outbuildings include a 2-story barn and a 2-story warehouse, and 2 additional outbuildings. Property needs work, but has extraordinary potential! Ideal for antique business (this is antique row!) or almost any retail business. YOU WILL BE SEEN!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.906246
Retrieved Text: Founded in 1874 as a supply and service center for hard rock mining, Lake City is now a community with a year-round population of less than 400 and a tourism-based economy. Key to Lake City’s heritage tourism efforts are their beautifully preserved commercial district and residential neighborhoods, which feature many spectacular examples of Victorian and Italianate architecture. The Lake City Historic District is one of the largest, oldest and best preserved historic districts in Colorado. Interestingly, 37% of the contributing structures to the historic district are ones that are often overlooked and forgotten: the outbuildings and accessory structures of the brightly painted high style buildings that line the streets. The outbuildings include a wide array of structures, including outhouses, mule barns, carriage houses, coal sheds, root cellars, chicken coops, and sheds. Though modest in size and style, these buildings help tell the story of a frontier town and how Lake City residents lived in the late 19th century. Many of the outbuildings are obsolete in terms of their original use. As a result they are not being maintained and have reached a critical point of deterioration. Local preservation ordinances disallow the active demolition of historically significant buildings that contribute to the district, but to date, measures to prevent demolition by neglect haven’t been exercised. Town officials and historic preservation advocates are concerned that if this trend continues the Lake City Historic District will be at risk of being delisted from the National Register of Historic Places. Lake City has a proportionately large percentage of significant accessory

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.903209
Retrieved Text: A manor house shoot location with derelict rooms to the upper floors. Also a selection of outbuildings in a dilapidated state.
One floor of a large manor house left completely untouched, plus derelict outbuildings and barns.
Distressed walls, peeling wallpapers and abandoned looking spaces.
Plenty of off street parking at this location. Suitable for large productions.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.7268715
Retrieved Text: A 300 m long lane bordered by centenary cedars leads to the property.
Elegant château located at 400 m of the Loire.
Important outbuildings including 2 additional houses.
with many outbuildings, including 4 additional houses.
Park of more than 7 hectares.
park, woods, meadows and lands, bordered by a small river.
surrounded by a wooded and landscaped park of approx. 30 hectares.
Outbuildings including chapel, dwelling house, stables, garage, barn.
2H.30 from PARIS by highway, all shops nearby and close to railway station.
Property including 3 ancient medieval mills (XIth century) rebuilt during the XVIIIth century, and carefully renovated.
On a plot of land approx.1,6 hectares including gardens, islands and meadows.
Possibility to buy 5 hectares wood.
surrounded by approx. 10 hectares.
Surrounded by 4.6 hectares of park and meadows, bordered by a small river.
Annex housing, outbuilding, swimming pool.
in a 8 800 m² park.
Additional house and large outbuidlings dated XVIIth century.
The poet Pierre de Ronsard described this house in one of his books " A place where men like to drink and have a good time ... .. "
on more than 1.5 hectares.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.708879
Retrieved Text: Police are issuing security advice after a number of thefts from outbuildings and premises in north Northumberland.
The incidents have occurred in the Swarland, Felton and Longframlington areas and officers are urging people to keep garages and outbuildings locked and secure at all times, as some of the thefts have been from insecure buildings.
Police are targeting patrols in the area and are reminding people to report suspicious activity by calling 101 or if a crime is taking place dial 999.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.707743
Retrieved Text: Monarch Butterfly (Male) - Danaus plexippus- It is easy to distinguish the adult males from the adult females in this species; males have thinner veins in the wings and a large dot on one of the inner veins of the hind wing. Females have thicker veins and no dots. The dot is a scent gland. Males use the pheromones produced by this gland to make themselves attractive to females. Monarchs are not to be found in the Sonoran Desert for most of the year, but during fall migration a few straggle through on there way south ... or west. Monarchs are unique in that they actually migrate south to a given over wintering site every year, much as many species of birds do. Monarchs west of the Rockies migrate to the Pacific coast, where they utilize groves of trees from north of San Francisco down to near San Diego.
Многие предпочитают взять онлайн кредит наличными благодаря тому, что это очень выгодно, удобно, не нужно тратить много времени на его оформление.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.707743
Retrieved Text: Monarch Butterfly (Male) - Danaus plexippus- It is easy to distinguish the adult males from the adult females in this species; males have thinner veins in the wings and a large dot on one of the inner veins of the hind wing. Females have thicker veins and no dots. The dot is a scent gland. Males use the pheromones produced by this gland to make themselves attractive to females. Monarchs are not to be found in the Sonoran Desert for most of the year, but during fall migration a few straggle through on there way south ... or west. Monarchs are unique in that they actually migrate south to a given over wintering site every year, much as many species of birds do. Monarchs west of the Rockies migrate to the Pacific coast, where they utilize groves of trees from north of San Francisco down to near San Diego.
Многие предпочитают взять онлайн кредит наличными благодаря тому, что это очень выгодно, удобно, не нужно тратить много времени на его оформление.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.662265
Retrieved Text: For Sale Stone house with outbuildings and garage. The whole on a ground about 11 101 m ².
SUBLIGNY 10 minutes from AVRANCHES and 15 kms from the sea. Stone house with outbuildings and garage. The whole on a ground about 11 101 m ².

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.654329
Retrieved Text: For sale is this semi-detached property located on the outskirts of Lanciano. Included in the sale is a garage and gated outbuildings, located opposite the property.
The ground floor of the property consists of a bathroom, a lounge, a kitchen with a fireplace.
Upstairs there is a large double bedroom with a balcony and another double bedroom with a balcony. There is another bathroom on this first floor. On the top floor there are 2 more rooms and a terraced balcony. The property has mains sewage, gas, electric and mains water. There are plenty of places to park space outside the property.
Most of the furniture is included in the sale, apart from personal items.
There are 90 sqm of outbuildings included in the price of the property. The outbuildings are gated and include a garage, a workshop, a toilet room and a driveway.
Lanciano is a large town with great commercial activity. There are churches, fountains and many places of interest, including the cathedral of Santa Maria, the church of San Francesco (13th century) and the Monastery of Sant’. Antonio. Lanciano is rich in cultural, religious and folklore exhibitions.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.613442
Retrieved Text: 9729 Darragh Road - Affordable home close to town on just over 3 acres Home is a 1984 mobile - 2BR, 1BA, with a new addition on the back for a spacious entry and extra storage! Nice parcel just outside the Village of Mancelona. Several outbuildings for workshops and hobbies. Home backs up to county owned land .Lots of road frontage, outbuildings for storage or workshop. Steel roof.and natural gas are a plus. Call for your tour today.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.610634
Retrieved Text: Chapel Hill Public Works Department - CRA Associates, Inc.
The facility relocates and consolidates the Public Works Departments on about 60 acres. The 100,000sf complex consists of three main buildings and six outbuildings housing the Public Works Administration, Field Operations and Fleet Maintenance Divisions. The outbuildings include material bunkers, storage sheds, a vehicle washing facility, a fueling station and covered parking structures for Town vehicles and trailers. A variety of sustainable features were implemented to conserve resources, reduce energy usage and protect the environment including a geothermal heating and air conditioning system and natural daylighting strategies.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.597558
Retrieved Text: Anyone with information about Mr Leslie's whereabouts is asked to contact Police on 101.
The officer leading the search for 62-year-old Graeme Leslie is appealing for people living the St Cyrus area to check sheds, garages or other outbuildings for signs of activity as the search to trace him continues.
Inspector Megan Heathershaw said: "We have specialist search teams currently out looking in the vicinity of Graeme's home however I would appeal to anyone who lives in the area to please check your garages, sheds or other outbuildings for signs of activity incase he sought shelter.
"Given the recent rainfall and unfavourable weather conditions I must stress that we don't want anyone searching outwith the boundaries of your own property and putting yourself in any danger, however if your outbuildings are easily accessible we would be very grateful for the assistance.
"The significant rainfall this morning will make some of the terrain we need to search challenging, however our specialist officers are utilising their skills and equipment to access the areas safely and effectively."

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.595758
Retrieved Text: G0012 is a 2-car garage with living space above. The overall dimensions are 24'-0" x 22'-0" with 528 Heated Square Feet above. Outbuildings, page 74.
G0012 built at Coosaw Point in Beaufort, South Carolina. The overall dimensions are 24'-0" x 22'-0" with 528 Heated Square Feet above. Outbuildings, page 74.

================



======= Instance Index 158 =========
Input Text: The word "sensation" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The news caused a sensation.
Sentence 2: A sensation of touch.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.439394
Retrieved Text: (HealthDay News) -- Celiac disease is caused by an intolerance to gluten, a protein found in wheat, rye, barley and many other foods.
Pain in the joints or bones, or osteoporosis.
A tingling sensation or numbness in the hands.
Fertility problems, including miscarriage or irregular menstrual cycles.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.738022
Retrieved Text: (HealthDay News) -- More than 60 million Americans have heartburn each month, the American College of Gastroenterology says. The fiery burning sensation is caused by stomach acid backing up in the esophagus. Steering clear of certain foods can help you avoid the problem.
Citrus foods such as oranges, grapefruit and lemons.
High-fat foods such as cheese and avocado.
Spicy dishes such as chili.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.874165
Retrieved Text: Numbness in the legs can be caused by a variety of diseases. This loss of feeling in the legs is often described as your “legs falling asleep.” Many people describe the sensation in the legs and feet as pins/needles, numbness, burning, or an electric sensation.
Once diabetic and vascular issues have been eliminated, most numbness in the extremities is caused by nerve compression. Compression of the nerves can occur in the spine from disc herniations or can be caused from bony or soft tissue entrapment in the legs. Since the nerves can be permanently damaged, it is important to have your numbness evaluated by a chiropractor.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.446228
Retrieved Text: Understanding the sensation of anxiety and the related thought-process: The first logical process in the CBT process is to make a quick analysis of the bodily sensations that a patient is experiencing and the consequent thoughts of imminent danger. In doing so, it is very important to make a distinction between the sensation and the related thought-process. Thereafter, a two-column list needs to be prepared, one column detailing the sensations and the other containing the thoughts. CBT tries to convince the patient that the sensations don’t cause the thoughts but beliefs do.
Examining evidences: Thereafter, CBT tries to counsel the patient to find out which explanation better justifies the sensations – the potentially dangerous thought-process or the alternative explanation to the same. In doing so, the patient becomes more reasonable in finding out what caused the sensation and how the same could be explained.
Being objective during times of anxiety: During times of anxiety, the patient would be normally inclined to believe the dangerous thought that comes to his/her mind than a more reasonable explanation of the same. However, CBT counsels patients to be more calm and patient during acute moments of physical anxiety, jot down the experiences and look at those from a neutral perspective. The act of writing the experiences during a panic attack would make the patient more objective. Initially though, the act will not be very easy. As a patient moves ahead in his therapy, he would become more objective and slowly but gradually the panic attacks would subside. In fact, CBT is all

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.263206
Retrieved Text: If you have experienced tingling, numbness, or sharp pains in your feet or in your hands, it is likely that you have experienced neuropathy. Neuropathy does not refer to a singular condition, but rather from nerve damage that may be caused by a number of different things.
There are many different things that can cause damage to the nerves and because of this the symptoms of neuropathy will vary from person to person. If neuropathy is not treated it can escalate to a point where it hinders the quality of life of a person. The good news is that there are several lifestyle changes that can be made in order to reverse or slow down the progression and symptoms caused by nerve damage.
In order to detect neuropathy early, it is important to understand some of the most common symptoms of the condition. Here are 8 of the most common neuropathy symptoms.
Pain that is experienced from neuropathy is typically very specific. This pain is most often described as a throbbing, burning, or stabbing sensation. No matter how it feels, this pain is hard to ignore. Pain from neuropathy occurs because the fibers of the nerves have been damaged. These damaged fibers will then send out signals that are jumbled or incorrect to the different pain centers of the body.
The pain occurs in different areas of the body based on the type of neuropathy that has developed. For people who have diabetes, neuropathy will most often appear in the feet first. Neuropathy that is caused by an injury or

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.968649
Retrieved Text: Motion sickness is also known as travel sickness, sea sickness or air sickness. It can happen in a number of situations, not all of which involve movement, and is a very unpleasant sensation. As part of our Have You Ever Wondered series, our Science Editor Sam finds out what causes motion sickness, and if there is anything you can do to prevent it.
Popping candy is fantastic stuff. You put it on your tongue and within seconds it’s fizzing and exploding and jumping about in your mouth. But what makes this happen? Continuing our #HaveYouEverWondered series, Sam takes a handful sweeties and finds out what makes popping candy pop!
Until 3 billion years ago, Mars was a wet planet much like Earth. It had land, an extensive atmosphere and an ocean that covered two thirds of the northern hemisphere as well as smaller bodies of water. But significant climate change caused the water and atmosphere to boil away, leaving Mars a dry and arid planet. Or so we thought… then came the news from Nasa – Water found on Mars!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.957804
Retrieved Text: eNewsChannels NEWS: -- Casita Maria Center For Arts & Education and Council Member Rafael Salamanca, Jr. are proud to present a new mural by The First Lady of Graffiti, Lady Pink. We are excited to announce that she will paint the next mural on the facade of Casita Maria, located at 928 Simpson Street, Bronx, NY! She'll be painting May 11, 12, and 19, from 10 a.m. - 6 p.m. (contact Luis Pagan directly for rain dates).
eNewsChannels NEWS: -- The International Art Museum of America (IAMA) in San Francisco today announced that on March 18, 2019, the painting "Pomegranates in a Bamboo Basket" by Dr. Yuhua Shouzhi Wang was sold at the exceptional price of US$1.27 million during the spring auction at Gianguan Auctions in New York. Dr. Wang has been recognized by the New York Academy of Art as an international first-class artist.
eNewsChannels NEWS: -- Otherworld Entertainment LLC, parent company of Otherworld Encounter, will bring their 10,000-square foot, immersive art exhibit to The MET Atlanta for a limited engagement - April 13 to May 5, 2019. Designed to appeal to all ages, Otherworld Encounter brings a new and emerging art form to audiences through interactive installations and a science fiction storyline.
eNewsChannels NEWS: -- The solo art exhibition of the Honorary Lifetime Director of the International Art Museum of America (IAMA) caused a sensation in Thailand! The exhibition of the international first-class artist Dr. Yuhua Shouzhi Wang organized by the Department of Culture of Thailand lasted for five days and the exhibition astounded the attendees and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.891376
Retrieved Text: The rapidly absorbed moisture concentrate PHYRIS Hyaluron Sensation Serum with dual hyaluronic acid instantly moisturizes and reduces fine lines caused by dryness. In addition, the concentrate features a timed release effect and provides the skin with plenty of moisture over several hours in cleverly proportioned doses. Tight skin caused by moisture deficits does no longer occur. The skin feels fresh and silky.
Tip: Thanks to its practical dosage form, Hyaluron Sensation Serum can be applied locally with the pipette to the areas of skin to be treated (e.g. forehead, cheeks). Perfect during summertime to protect the skin against dehydration when exposed to heat and sun.
After cleansing and applying a SOMI, apply a small amount (1 to 2 pipette doses) to face, neck and décolleté. Allow a briefly absorb, then apply the right eye and face care.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.76546
Retrieved Text: Ternura Sensation Bar Soap With 100% vegetal base. The Soap Sensations line softens, moisturizes and keeps the skin always fragrant.
Ternura Sensation Bar Soap is amazing, with relaxing milk notes and a delicate touch of wildflower.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.73137
Retrieved Text: Rocky Mountain Foot & Ankle. What could be causing my foot vibration? Foot buzzing can also be brought on by stress or a salt deficiency in your diet. Your feet, toes, hands, fingers, arms, legs or even your entire body may feel like it is buzzing, shaking, vibrating, or trembling. What causes the buzzing feet, hands, toes, fingers anxiety symptoms? These changes can cause a buzzing feeling anywhere on or in the body, such as the. Symptoms may include a tingling or buzzing sensation in the area to which the causes numbness and tingling around the sole of the foot and ankle pain; not.
Nov 27, Tingling in the feet is usually not a reason for concern. It may be caused by pressure on the nerves when you've been in one position for too. Jan 16, Which is why a mysterious buzzing or vibrating in your foot that seems to come To put it briefly, it's unclear exactly what causes pallesthesia. Aug 13, The buzzing you are feeling in your foot is nerve damage that occurs on one single nerve. Injury or some type of infection typically causes the.
It caused strange pain that radiated from my back down my arm. I also have . I suspect this is the case with the buzzing in your foot. As with. Which is why your 'diagnosis' of my buzzing foot makes sense. rogerbradburyphotography.com story, but they think my problems were caused by a v. long back to back labour. Nov 12, It feels like a tiny electric pulse and my

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.707613
Retrieved Text: The most common cause of ear pain is that caused by infection or other problems within the ear and is therefore best dealt with by a medical doctor or ear specialist.
Where no obvious ear problem can be found or treatment for a suspected ear problem is not working the possibility of jaw pain should be seriously considered. Ear pain caused by a jaw problem can be very obvious with pain brought on by jaw movement or chewing or in many cases is not so obvious with a dull aching sensation being the only symptom.
People with jaw problems may complain of other hearing related problems which may be rectified by jaw treatment if caused by a jaw problem. A sensation of fullness or blockage in the ear which has not resolved following medical treatment can be assign of jaw related problems. Likewise people with jaw problems may complain of reduced hearing despite tests with audiologists indicating normal hearing.
Tinnitus or noise such as a humming or hissing noise may in some cases be caused by a jaw related problem. Tinnitus can be a very common problem and in some is very distressing and in most cases is caused by other problems and is not jaw related.
It is important to note that jaw problems can be a cause of ear problems, but this does not mean that people with un-explained ear problems should be assumed to have jaw problems.
Treatment will depend on a clear diagnosis of jaw related problems with ear problems being a possible consequence of this.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.609465
Retrieved Text: “Bad Boy” Nick Kyrgios is causing another sensation. During a game, Zverev’s next opponent insults a colleague. This one shoots back.
“Bad Boy” Nick Kyrgios has once again caused a tennis battle – even though he wasn’t even on the court himself.
The Australian dropped an insulting tweet against his countryman Thanasi Kokkinakis’ opponent Fernando Verdasco during the Miami game.
When Kyrgios noticed that the tweet attracted the attention of many people and he received some bad news for it, the 22-year-old erased the tweet again.
But in the Internet one can never completely delete once posted – some users had already made screenshots of his Tweets and so also Verdasco got wind of the thing after his match.
“@NickKyrgios: “When you have the courage to insult another player in a tweet, you have to have it yourself so as not to delete it,” the Spaniard twittered.
Apparently Verdasco had blocked the Australian on Twitter shortly after his message.
Verdasco won the match against Kokkinakis in the third set in the tiebreak. Kyrgios is also in the round of 16 at the ATP tournament in Miami, where he will meet the German Alexander Zverev.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.584822
Retrieved Text: Scottish theologian and scholar. Iain Bakersfield (1890-1990), became famous as the creator of the '[[Bakersfield Conundrum]]'. Scottish theologian and scholar. Iain Bakersfield (1890-1990), became famous as the creator of the '[[Bakersfield Conundrum]]'.
This latter claim was made publicly by Bakersfiled, who offered 'documentary proof' (see below), in the form of a hand-written note, that he claimed to have written whilst in a trance-like state, under the direct influence of [[Tarvu]]. The note - written on a scrap of paper - was published in over 120 newspapers world-wide, and caused a sensation amongst the [[Tarvuist]] community. This latter claim was made publicly by Bakersfiled, who offered 'documentary proof' (see below), in the form of a hand-written note, that he claimed to have written whilst in a trance-like state, under the direct influence of [[Tarvu]]. The note - written on a scrap of paper - was published in over 120 newspapers world-wide, and caused a sensation amongst the [[Tarvuist]] community.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.583605
Retrieved Text: Nerve pain in the thigh is caused by damage to the femoral nerve, which in turn may be caused by direct injury, pelvic fractures, radiation to the pelvis or prolonged pressure on the nerve, according to Healthline. A tumor or other growth may also cause nerve pain.
Damage to the femoral nerve also may be caused by a catheter placed into the femoral artery, as may be required for conducting certain surgical procedures. Hemorrhage or bleeding into the retroperitoneal space, or the space behind the abdomen, may cause damage to the femoral nerve leading to nerve pain in the thigh. Diabetes is a major cause of pain in the femoral nerve as well, states Healthline. It may cause adverse nerve damage as a result of variations in blood sugar and blood pressure.
One of the major nerves in the leg is the femoral nerve. Located near the groin, the femoral nerve controls the muscles that keep the leg straight and help to move the hips. It also provides sensation in the lower part of the hind limb and the front of the thigh. Damage to this nerve makes it difficult for a person to move and may decrease the sensation ability in the leg, explains Healthline.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.567238
Retrieved Text: ?The tears have a number of different roles,? Dr. Price said. One of those roles includes flushing debris, bacteria, contaminants, and allergens from the surface of the eye, he said. If you plug both ducts, you can form what can be likened to a stagnant pond near the eye, and a place ripe for infection.
The fact that patients who did not need plugs BEFORE corneal refractive surgery often require plugs AFTER surgery to keep their eyes moist is a direct result of the nerve damage caused by corneal refractive surgery.
Some people need to wear plugs for life. I am one of those people. My eyes are STILL uncomfortably dry even with plugs.
It is unthinkable that there are surgeons who rationalize performing surgery that requires a substantial fraction of patients to wear little plastic bits to block their tear ducts because of the extensive nerve damaged caused by the *elective* procedure.
This is especially bad news since plugs are often used in combination with Restasis and contact lenses for post refractive patients. I had dissolvable lower plugs put in and the right one fell out on the first day. I did not notice a significant improvement in the plugged eye but I did notice a subtle sandy feeling. I may not have noticed it as much if both eyes had been plugged. I definitely believe the sandy sensation was caused by a build up of artificial tears, dust, and allergens. I may have had a higher quantity of tears with the plug, however, the low quality of the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.519741
Retrieved Text: The dolphins can be spotted on a short boat trip. If you are lucky, you can even have a very special experience of the dolphins swimming so close that you could almost touch them. You can also feel the brilliant sensation of swimming with the dolphins, but please don't expect to touch them, since they are very shy.
Kazimikazi fishing village, situated on the southern part of the island, is a site of a 12th century mosque. The mosque is the earliest remaining evidence of the Islamic religion in East Africa. The village also offers several schools of bottle-nosed dolphins and Humpback dolphins.
The dolphins can be spotted on a short boat trip. If you are lucky, you can even have a very special experience of the dolphins swimming so close that you could almost touch them. You can also feel the brilliant sensation of swimming with the dolphins, but please don't expect to touch them, since they are very shy. The village not only offers immense natural reasons for visitation, but also historical and cultural.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.314678
Retrieved Text: Many heroines are known for their hot potential that can cause accidents in the hearts of eligible youths. But some ravishing sirens do cause accidents everywhere and this beauty is one such girl.
After starring in a couple of successful movies in Bollywood, hot siren Parineeti Chopra is trying to prove that she is not just a performance material. Because most of the times Bollywood makers need not only performing girls but also some sizzling glamour throwers.
The other day this hot girl thrilled and surprised everyone with her tight revealing outfit at an event. While she is yet to get some enticing shapes, her style of showing skin at right places trapped the eyes of many directors and caused hot accidents at the place, said a source.
Parineeti Chopra is not just a sensation limited to Bollywood, but other tinsel towns are also eyeing on this hottie. It is heard that Yash Raj Films‘ Telugu movie with Nani in the lead is considering this beauty as their lead girl.
If you liked this Parineeti Chopra hot at Star Dust Awards, please like, tweet and share this on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pin Board or leave a comment. You can also get the latest News by subscribing to our feed. Don't forgot to share your voice with your friends! They may have also like or have thought on this News and that will help us to improve our selves!.
On this page, we have tried to provide all the information on Parineeti Chopra hot at Star Dust Awards. However, if you encounter

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.313707
Retrieved Text: Tinnitus is a ringing sensation or a buzzing sound within the ears. This sound can result due to excessive earwax buildup which can cause your ears to become itchy. Earwax buildup can eventually lead to the wax coming in direct contact with your eardrums which can create pressure. Luckily, excessive earwax buildup can be removed using a simple cleaning procedure thus this form of tinnitus can be easily rectified. Make sure you contact an Ear, Nose and Throat doctor if you feel you have an excessive buildup of earwax to enable them to guide you regarding the appropriate cleaning methods.
Another type of sensation is the popping of the ears which can result from a severe cold or allergies. This crackling sensation results due to Eustachian Tube Dysfunction which is caused by the inflammation of the Eustachian tubes. People often notice this popping sensation especially when they blow their nose, swallow, or yawn. An easy remedy that can help alleviate this uncomfortable sensation is through the use of nasal sprays.
The sensitive muscles within the ear can sometimes generate a deep, rumbling sound in the ears. A specific type of muscle known as the tensor tympani muscle is known to respond to sudden noises and intentionally lowers the volume of these sounds to protect your inner ear from damage. This particular type of sound is more noticeable when people yawn.
Puslatile tinnitus is another type of sound generated by the ears as a result of fluctuations in the flow of blood. The sound generated by this gushing blood flow

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.245413
Retrieved Text: From harrowing headlines to stunning revelations, 2015 was a year for the history books.
INSIDE EDITION looked back at the news moments that defined the year that was.
Earlier this month, the husband and wife terrorist team of Syed Farook and Tafsheen Malik, opened fire at a holiday party, killing 14 innocent people before being taken down by local police in a shootout in San Bernardino, California.
Just weeks before the attacks in San Bernardino, the world was stunned to see the horror that devastated Paris when terrorists attacked the City of Lights at six different locations– killing 130 people and seriously injuring dozens more.
This year when Charlie Sheen shocked many when he said in November that he was HIV positive. Sheen said he has been living with the diagnosis for four years.
The year will also be remembered as the year of Caitlyn Jenner, who became a transgender icon.
Candidates geared up and headed out on the campaign trail, as both Republicans and Democrats vie to be the next president.
No candidate caused more of a sensation than Donald Trump, when he announced he was running for office in June. Since then, Trump has dominated the headlines and the polls.
Only 2016 will tell how the heated election will play out.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.204288
Retrieved Text: Bijoux Indiscrets Tickle Me Tickler. A caress is the excuse for getting close.The Tickle Me Tickler can be used to thrill and tease your entire body. Let the sensation take you over, as you play with your lover and stimulate every corner of their body with our delicate feathers. The soft touch of the feathers on your skin will take you to a whole new world of unique sensation.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.150242
Retrieved Text: What do we all seek in handbags? Quality? Style? All those and more. We look for practicality, design, innate beauty, material sensation and aura! A beauty that spreads, a design that lasts, an addictive sensation, a tradition of worthiness.
This bag is a simple bag. A bag that has an addictive touch and innate beauty. A bag with a single compartment practicality. A bag of beautiful design that styles all.
Simply put, It's an upgrade.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.147686
Retrieved Text: The gate control theory is one of the most important neuroscientific hypotheses that tried to explain the reduction in pain sensation, caused by mental activity or sensory nerve stimulation. Going through this article will provide you with an insight into the intricate argument of this hypothesis.
Research has shown that imagining a happy scenario in the mind's eye, serves to lessen the sensation of pain. Also, music helps relieve pain, by causing our mind to be happily distracted.
Physical pain serves as an indicator of underlying problems in some part of the human body, while also acting as a warning signal indicating danger. Nobody needs an explanation of what pain is. Because pain, as they say, is part of being human. It is a sensation of uneasiness and physical discomfort caused due to tissue damage of any kind. Pain may also be a result of a psychologically traumatic or disturbing experience of any kind. The sensation of pain is mediated by the nerve network spread throughout the human body. Pain can be nociceptive (caused by stimulation of peripheral nerve fibers that provide sensory information), neuropathic (caused by damage to the nerves of the somatosensory system), psychogenic (caused by emotional and behavioral issues), or phantom (pain felt in body parts, that are amputated).
A hypothesis that tried to explain how pain sensation is reduced by cognitive activity in the brain or afferent nerve activity, was the Gate Control Theory. It was propounded by Ronald Melzack and Patrick Wall in 1965, through a paper titled 'Pain Mechanisms: A New Theory', in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.132692
Retrieved Text: A sugar substitute is a food additive that duplicates the effect of sugar in taste, usually with less food energy. Some sugar substitutes are natural and some are synthetic. Those that are not natural are, in general, called artificial sweeteners. An important class of sugar substitutes is known as high-intensity sweeteners. These are compounds with many times the sweetness of sucrose, common table sugar. As a result, much less sweetener is required and energy contribution is often negligible. The sensation of sweetness caused by these compounds (the "sweetness profile") is sometimes notably different from sucrose, so they are often used in complex mixtures that achieve the most natural sweet sensation.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.114948
Retrieved Text: Burning in chest is often associated with some very serious illnesses, so it can be frightening when occurring. However, there are some other causes of burning in chest that are not so dangerous and can easily be treated. A burning chest sensation should be investigated by your doctor to make sure that it is not caused by something serious.
Noting symptoms in your chest or the other areas of the body will help you determine the underlying condition and what kind of treatment is the most appropriate for you.
Chest burning that stems from a cardiovascular condition may be accompanied by rapid breathing, shortness of breath, irregular heart rate, rapid heart rate, chest pain or pressure that continue up the shoulder and arm.
If you experience cold, clammy skin, chest trauma, difficulty breathing, confusion, rapid breathing, loss of consciousness or rapid heart rate you should contact emergency medical services immediately.
Other sensations such as indigestion, heartburn, decreased sensation, pain when breathing or coughing, shortness of breath, profuse sweating or skin lesions and blisters may accompany burning in your chest.
Finding the origin cause of burning in chest can help you determine what the underlying condition might be so you can seek adequate medical attention. Medical assistance such as ECG, X-rays, blood tests or a CT scan can help you confirm the proper diagnosis.
Reoccurring burning pain on the left chest may signal cardiovascular problems like angina that causes your body to get an inadequate supply of oxygen and blood. This pain may include tightness or a squeezing sensation that will originate behind

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.037231
Retrieved Text: People suffering from migraine headaches experience severe throbbing pain on one side of the head. The pain is characterized by a pulsing sensation, often going as painful as being pricked with pins and needles. The patient may feel nauseous, and may exhibit vomiting and oversensitivity to light and sound.
Some attacks may last for hours on end and may even be so severe it disables the patient from doing anything. Those suffering from hemiplegic migraine experience facial numbness and temporary weakness from one side of the body. If you regularly experience migraine attacks, don’t hesitate to visit the doctor to get checked as it may lead to a more serious condition.
Stroke has several signs and symptoms but they generally include numbness, weakness, and loss of movement on one side of the body. Facial numbness could be a sign of stroke and may lead to temporary facial sensory. A stroke attack occurs when the brain is deprived of oxygen and nutrients, usually caused by an interruption or reduction in blood supply. Blocked arteries or bursted blood vessels are the most common causes of stroke.
The good news is that it can be treated. Learning the risk factors may help you prevent getting a stroke. Being overweight and physically inactive makes you more susceptible in acquiring this disease. High blood pressure, diabetes, and high cholesterol also adds to it. Adopting a healthy lifestyle is the best preventive measure to prevent a stroke. Otherwise, the doctor would likely prescribe counter medications such as anti-platelet drugs and anticoagulants to help reduce the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.017141
Retrieved Text: As part of our new series focusing on injuries caused to the senses as a result of medical negligence we explore how someone’s ability to touch and feel can be affected as a result of substandard care.
Touch is something we do not tend to think about until that ability has gone. We tend to forget how important our sense of touch actually is and that any nerve damage to our hands or feet put us at greater risk of injury and can change the way we go about our lives. The impact of sustaining injuries that affect our sense of touch such as peripheral nerve damage can be life changing.
Certain medical procedures carry a risk of injury to the nervous system, which unfortunately may occur even when the greatest of care has been taken. However when injuries to the nerves are found to be caused as a result of medical negligence, compensation can be sought.
One of the main causes of losing your ability to feel sensation or to touch is when damage has been done to the peripheral (sensory) nerves. The peripheral nerves include motor nerves which control muscles, sensory nerves in the skin which send information about pain, touch, temperature etc and autonomic nerves which regulate automatic bodily functions such as bladder function.
When motor or mixed nerves are damaged there may also be weakness or paralysis of the muscles in that area.
The following are a few conditions affecting sensation which may result from by medical treatment.
Sciatic nerve injuries are caused most commonly when there has

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.992972
Retrieved Text: 1. Feeling : احساس : (noun) the experiencing of affective and emotional states.
It`s a matter of feeling.
He had terrible feelings of guilt.
I disliked him and the feeling was mutual.
2. Feeling, Belief, Impression, Notion, Opinion : خیال - گمان : (noun) a vague idea in which some confidence is placed.
I had a feeling that she was lying.
3. Feeling, Feel, Flavor, Flavour, Look, Smell, Spirit, Tone : ماحول : (noun) the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people.
4. Feeling, Tactile Sensation, Tactual Sensation, Touch, Touch Sensation : چھونے کا احساس : (noun) the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin.
The surface had a greasy feeling.
Feeling Global: Internationalism in DistressImpression Management and Information Technology.
Affectional, Affective, Emotive : جذبات انگیز : characterized by emotion.
Feelings : جذبات : emotional or moral sensitivity (especially in relation to personal principles or dignity).
Feeding : کھانے کا عمل : the act of consuming food.
How this page explains Feeling ?
It helps you understand the word Feeling with comprehensive detail, no other web page in our knowledge can explain Feeling better than this page. The page not only provides Urdu meaning of Feeling but also gives extensive definition in English language. The definition of Feeling is followed by practically usable example sentences which allow you to construct you own sentences based on it. You can also find multiple synonyms or similar words on the right of Feeling. All of this may seem less if you are unable to learn exact pronunciation of Feeling, so we have embedded mp3

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.982276
Retrieved Text: Roll on the sensation of hydration as you roll off age. Slip the roll-on into your bag or pocket for all-day beauty care. The Gold Qi Face and Neck Oil is easily absorbed and non-greasy leaving you with the feeling that you are surrounded by an ocean of moisture. Touch the satin sensation of style and have an affair with your skin.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.974047
Retrieved Text: A burning sensation in the eye is often due to an underlying eye condition such as dry eye, blepharitis (inflammation of the eyelid) or pink eye (conjunctivitis). Burning eyes may be caused due to various other factors such as environmental factors (dust, smoke, exposure to the sun and hair spray), allergic agents (fragrances, pet dander, pollen and mould), age, bright lights, using contact lenses and certain medications.
Burning eyes can be associated with other symptoms such as watering of the eyes, redness, discharge, itching and pain. Your doctor diagnoses the cause of the burning sensation with tests such as the slit lamp test, eyelid examination, assessment of eye movement, reaction of your pupil to light, and examination of the visual field (total area that your eye can visualise).
Burning eyes can usually be treated with medicated eye drops successfully. If the burning sensation is due to environmental factors, changing your environment can help improve your symptoms. Applying cool compresses to the eyelids can also help to reduce the burning sensation. Burning eyes can often be prevented by avoiding problem environments with high allergens, protecting your eyes with sunglasses, eating healthy and nutritious food, and keeping track of any underlying medical conditions you may have.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.973883
Retrieved Text: Today’s virtual reality product landscape has come to resemble something of a Wild West show, with steely eyed robber barons jockeying for position against basement cowboys and almost anyone with aspirations of tech glory. The results have ranged from the deeply ludicrous to the truly inspired. As we step into the uncertain landscape of 2017, we look back on the strides taken towards immersive VR and see if we can’t catch the scent of where things are headed in the year ahead.
Since the dawn of virtual reality, there have been those who dreamed of something grander. Call it virtual reality on steroids, the Matrix, or simply Reality 2.0. Whatever moniker you prefer, the idea is the same — to take VR beyond the headset and inject the entire human sensorium into a virtual world. The industry term most often mentioned in this regard is haptics and relates to the sense of touch. You could even say the sense of touch is even more essential to immersive VR than sound. Plenty of folks get by in life without the aid of their ears, but few can manage without the sense of touch.
Late in 2014, ExtremeTech reported on one of the early devices to make a splash in VR haptics – an ultrasonic haptic interface created at the University of Bristol. The technology promised to use ultrasound to create invisible 3D objects that could be felt, but not seen. While certainly headline grabbing, several hurdles augur against ultrasonic haptic ever becoming mainstream — not the least which seems

================



======= Instance Index 192 =========
Input Text: The word "stab" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: He took a stab at forecasting.
Sentence 2: She felt a stab of excitement.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.460352
Retrieved Text: On May 1, 2016 at approximately 1401 hours Deputy Sorensen was dispatched to a disturbance around the 600 block of Hempstead 11. Dispatch advised me that a subject called and stated that her son's girlfriend tried to burn the house down and attempted to stab him.
Upon arrival at 595 Hempstead 11 Deputy Sorensen made contact with John Witcher. John told Deputy Sorensen that his girlfriend, Andrea Ballard, tried to stab him with a kitchen knife. John also stated that Andrea told him that she was going to cut his throat when he was sleeping while holding the knife. John stated that before this happened he and Andrea got into an argument and she attempted to set the house on fire. John said that Andrea took a butane torch and light it and stuck it to the back of the residence. John said that Andrea told him that she would burn the house down.
John said Andrea grabbed a kitchen knife and started trying to stab him with the knife John also advised that during the argument Andrea hit him several times.
Deputy Sorensen then spoke with a witness who said. That he was with John and Andrea when they started fighting. And saw Andrea attempt to stab John with the kitchen knife. Witness stated that Andrea told John that she would cut his throat while he was sleeping.
Deputy Sorensen recovered the knife and butane/torch bottle the victim then showed Deputy a burn mark on the Northeast side of the residence. John told Deputy Sorensen that this was the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.457554
Retrieved Text: All posts tagged "july 30th"
Home / Posts tagged "july 30th"
Tweet Ace Hood took at stab at the remix, to Drakes “Believe Me” Believe me, he went hard. Check it out!!!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.451227
Retrieved Text: Two 16-year-old boys are in a stable condition in hospital after being stabbed during a fight in Coulsdon on Friday evening (April 27).
At around 6.45pm, police were called to reports of a fight in Brighton Road, where they found a teenager suffering a stab injury.
The 16-year-old was rushed to a south London hospital, where he remains on Saturday morning (April 28) in a stable condition.
Shortly after, police officers were told another 16-year-old boy had been found suffering a stab injury by a member of the public, who took him to a separate hospital.
He also remains in a stable condition on Saturday morning, police said.
Coulsdon residents reported seeing a police helicopter in the area along with two special response police vans. No arrests have been made and enquiries continue.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.424511
Retrieved Text: (JTA) – An Israeli military officer was injured in a Palestinian stabbing attack near Mount Ebal next to Nablus in the West Bank.
The assailant, identified by the Palestinian Maan news agency as Haitham Mahmoud Abd al-Jalil, 31, of a nearby Palestinian village, was shot and killed in response to the stabbing on Thursday afternoon.
The assailant first attacked a military vehicle patrolling the area. When IDF troops got out of the vehicle to inspect the damage, he took out a knife and stabbed the officer, who was injured in his hand, according to the IDF.
He was the second Palestinian assailant killed on Thursday.
On Thursday morning, a Palestinian man armed with a knife attempted to stab a soldier at a checkpoint at the Beut Anun junction north of Hebron. The assailant was shot and killed by other IDF troops at the scene who attempted to thwart the attack, the IDF spokesman said.
A Palestinian man was shot and killed at the same junction on Tuesday as he attempted to stab a soldier manning the checkpoint.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.21231
Retrieved Text: Is It Okay To Tell White Lies To Our Kids?
This weekend my five-year-old son lost his first tooth. Continuing with the theme in our family that we do not lie, the tooth fairy did not visit our house.
As promised in my last post, here is how I shift from a raging-nagging-mommy to a *mostly* responsive and rational one.
What percentage of the time are you nice or nagging your child?
It can be very hard to be kind to a child who continually pushes our buttons. I know; I just spent the last two hours trying to calm myself when my youngest son woke me up early then proceeded to throw things, hit me, not eat the cereal we fought about making for half an hour, and disagree with everything I said.
One of the most liked comments on my facebook page was, "Wow. Three-year-olds can be crazy making."
Do You Have a Relationship With a "Fatherless Son?"
You can only imagine my excitement when I heard I would be attending Oprah's Lifeclass in Chicago!!
A few weeks earlier, I had received an email from a fellow psychotherapist named Marianne living in British Columbia. Having sent her a review copy of my novel STRIPPED DOWN RUNNING, she sent me a message with her glowing reviewing, remarking, "I'm going to Oprah in January, I hope to be able to give her this copy of your book."
I replied jokingly, "Oprah! That's awesome. I wish I could come with you."
I have given up trying to be a perfect mother.
When my first son was born, I

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.955175
Retrieved Text: Microsoft’s former CEO Steve Ballmer told Business Insider that the present CEO Satay Nadella is doing very well at Microsoft apart from two small things.
About two years ago this same week Ballmer stepped down from his position, but he is still an important person in Microsoft because he is holding the largest portion of shares of the company, and still keeps a deep look at what’s going on inside.
Overall, Ballmer told Business Insider, he’s content with Microsoft’s advancement under Satya Nadella.
He imagines that key cloud activities Office 365 and Azure are advancing at an awesome pace, and credits Nadella for setting out a reasonable vision and conveying it to partners.
Furthermore, Ballmer also specified two issues that he believes Microsoft could do batter.
On the principal point, Microsoft might be hesitant to break out itemized accounts for its cloud business cause it is spending a great deal of cash to get it turned up. A report from Deutsche Bank’s Karl Keirstead on Friday evaluated that Azure specifically was “hugely unprofitable,” in spite of the fact that he likewise said that he’s happy with the organization’s arrangements there — enough to repeat his value focus of $65 (the stock at present exchanges around $50).
Similarly, as Microsoft’s mobile strategy goes, the organization is stuck in a difficult situation. It took a stab at building a cutting edge cell phone working framework, Windows Phone, yet it didn’t sell exceptionally well. It took a stab at purchasing Nokia and offering Windows Phones itself, however, they didn’t sell extremely well either. The mobile

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.880064
Retrieved Text: Took another stab at a consulting logo design for a Colorado Springs gent. This client is retired but got hired on as a consultant for a major tool retailer. Being that he’s retired he wanted to go after a real laid back style with a bit of Grateful Dead influence. Dig it! So here’s what I came up with.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.840567
Retrieved Text: Weir (defendant) got into a fight with Ronnie Buchanan in a nightclub parking lot. Buchanan pinned Weir to the ground. Buchanan then jumped up and shouted that he had been stabbed. Weir immediately left the scene. Weir did not report the incident to the police. Buchanan ultimately died of the stab wounds. Weir was charged with murder. At his trial, Weir took the stand and testified that he stabbed Buchanan in self-defense. Weir was then cross-examined by the prosecution as to why Weir had remained silent when arrested and not claimed self-defense or disclosed to the police the location of the knife used to stab Buchanan. A jury found Weir guilty of first-degree manslaughter, and the Supreme Court of Kentucky affirmed the conviction. Weir then petitioned for a writ of habeas corpus to the United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky, which was granted. The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit affirmed. The United States Supreme Court granted certiorari.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.789806
Retrieved Text: Tarbell 41: Card Stabbing (Instant Download) A master class on a powerful plot.
Locating a lost card by stabbing the deck with a knife instantly adds more excitement, an extra level of impossibility, and a hint of danger to your magic.
Countless professionals have featured some kind of card stab to great success, and a few have built their reputations on this mind-blowing stunt.
First, an interesting method is employed to bring two cards together under cover, allowing someone to locate both (simultaneously) with a single stab.
Then, a bold, yet clever, ruse allows the knife to be thrust anywhere in the deck by anyone, yet the card will be revealed right next to it.
And, in yet another impromptu variation, no cover is required as a simple move (that you probably already do for another reason) makes the whole thing work.
Then Dan shows you a do-it-yourself, little gimmick that makes locating the card very easy, even with the deck sealed in an envelope.
Next, Dan's favorite stand-up stab combines danger with drama as the card is revealed impaled on the knife in a blazing flash of fire.
Then, Dan leads you into the reputation-making realm of the table-top stab and gives you a ton of variations, each one more incredible than the last... prepared, impromptu, with and without cover... ultimately culminating in a double-stab coincidence that is startling to watch and a joy to perform.
Following that, is a direct, impromptu method done with no cover... using any deck, a knife, and a clever move which simulates perfect placement.
And finally, a special, subtly-altered

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.777489
Retrieved Text: I’m not sure what I find most worrying about this outfit: the random points of metal that would surely stab her the moment she breathes, the mega pushup bra that seems designed to guide attacks to her heart or that the artist felt they hadn’t sexualized it enough already so they added a bunch of feathers to simulate the appearance of pubic hair.
They really have created a textbook example of why it’s pretty much impossible to satirize the state the fantasy female costumes. There simply is no limit on what people calling themselves serious creators will do with a straight face.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.66236
Retrieved Text: Please tell me I am not the only one who has passed up wool sweaters, hats, etc. at the thrift store because of tiny little moth-eaten holes. I have done it on a few occasions and now I completely regret it. Last year, I found this big comfy grandpa-ish cardigan at one of my favorite thrift spots. It had the tiniest little hole, but it felt so warm I HAD to buy it. Fast forward to me bringing it out of the closet this year and finding at least 4 other tiny holes.
Booooo! After wearing it a few times and always fidgeting with the small hole near my wrist, I decided I needed to mend my poor sweater. the gauge was too small for me to actually darn any holes, so I found an alternative: FELT it! If you’ve never done any needle felting, don’t worry. This was my first time too! The supplies are very inexpensive (under $10 including shipping, inexpensive) and it’s SO quick!
1. Grab a sliver of wool and stab the center bit right under your hole. You only need to stab a tiny bit to attach it.
2. Shape half of the heart and stab it into place.
3. Shape the other half. Stab, stab, stab all over to secure it completely.
Done. Peel off your foam and wear your adorable patchy sweater with pride.
This patch was made by felting a rectangular piece and then shaping a heart over the top.
Have fun and relieve some stress by stabbing your holey sweaters. You could also grab

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.614042
Retrieved Text: I decided to make felted flying Birdie holiday ornaments this year for Toni, Terri and Sarah. Why birds? I like birds.
I like to needle felt with a leather glove on my left hand. I stab myself less often.
Ms. Green with her pins still in; I glued and felted in the feathers and embellishments.
As I was making the Birdies, I realized that the glamorous Ms. Pink bore a slight resemblance to Toni. Bluebirds have a special meaning for Sarah who also loves glitter. (Ms. Bluebird took a dip in the glitter when I wasn’t looking and Ms. Pink made a hat for her.) Ms. Green wanted a skull charm necklace so she would look good with Terri. I did not have one, but she let Ms. Bluebird and Ms. Pink do her hair like Terri’s, complete with red bangs. Ms Green thought she looked Sqwaksome!
I left the Birdies resting on their communal perch. They are now in their new homes.
I went on a felted flower frenzy before the holidays and gave away most of the ones I made. There are lots of tutorials on the web. I liked this tutorial on Make It and Love It although I always add my own tweaks. Here’s another one from The diydish.com. I don’t like to use hot glue; I sew everything. If you’re going to take the time to make something, why not make it to last?
For most of the flowers, I started with sweaters I fulled into felt . I used felt beads I’d already made for the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.45685
Retrieved Text: A Wigan man has been jailed after threatening to stab terrified staff in a newsagents and attacking a man with a plank of wood.
Luke Coleman, of no fixed address, was sentenced to three years and two months behind bars following a robbery at McColls in Marsh Green and his involvement in a brawl on King Street.
The 23-year-old, who appeared before Judge Timothy Stead at Bolton Crown Court, was given two consecutive sentences for the violent acts which occurred eight months apart.
The court heard how on December 17 last year, at around 9.30pm Coleman entered McColls on Marsh Green wearing sunglasses and a scarf over his face.
He asked for cigarettes and when the shop assistant turned her back he jumped over the counter and shouted at her to open the till or he would stab her.
A man in the store shouted out that he had called the police and he jumped back over the counter and ran from the shop.
Just moments later, Coleman returned with a pen in his hand.
He jumped back over the counter for the final time and threatened to stab the shop assistant with it.
He then grabbed a bottle of whiskey and threatened to smash it over her head before jumping back over the counter and leaving the shop with the whiskey worth £23.65.
The other shop assistant recognised him and he left his sunglasses behind which were then tested for DNA which proved to be his.
Coleman, who denied the charge, was found guilty after a trial at Bolton Crown Court which started on October

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.422478
Retrieved Text: A 26-year-old man is ‘fighting for his life’ in hospital having sustained multiple stab wounds in London.
The incident took place on Field Road, Newham, East London.
Police attended the scene at 2.15pm, along with London Ambulance Service and London’s Air Ambulance.
A Met Police spokesperson told HuffPost UK: ” A man [no further details] has been arrested on suspicion of GBH. He is currently in custody.
The victim has been taken to an east London hospital where he remains in a critical condition.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.374054
Retrieved Text: He's not the sun you are.
He took something from me. He took a little piece of me. I lost myself for a long time, and I promised myself I'd never feel that way again.
Rando: Do you like being big spoon or little spoon or little spoon?
Cristina Yang: I'm not a spoon. I'm a knife and I'm going to stab you in the eyeballs.
If there's no food I'm going home.
How am I supposed to get through the holidays without liquor?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.181833
Retrieved Text: SAN DIEGO -- A man accused of stabbing his father-in-law to death during a fight at a Fourth of July backyard party in Logan Heights pleaded not guilty Wednesday to a murder charge.
Joseph Henry Garcia, 22, was ordered held on $850,000 bail.
Deputy District Attorney Rebecca Zipp alleged that Garcia stabbed Hermeneglido Parra 40 times before fleeing with several family members across the U.S.-Mexico border. Garcia returned to the United States the next day and was apprehended, the prosecutor said.
She said one of the stab wounds hit the victim's spine, paralyzing his arms. There were no defensive wounds on the 54-year-old victim, Zipp said.
Garcia's attorney, Joel Golden, told Judge Jay Bloom that he didn't think the evidence would support a first-degree murder conviction.
Officers responding to a 911 call went to the 3100 block of National Avenue, near Memorial Park and east of Barrio Logan, shortly before 7 p.m. Saturday. They found an unconscious Parra with multiple upper body stab wounds.
Paramedics rushed to the scene, but Parra was pronounced dead a short time later, SDPD Lt. Paul Rorrison said.
Garcia faces 26 years to life in prison if convicted.
A readiness conference was scheduled for July 17 and a preliminary hearing for July 21.
sometimes the father in low are so mine, and then the real victim is the boy. but I do not know this case, but why too much hate. some times the mother is fault because prefer husband then kids. we will see.
Your comment makes 0 sense. The mother is sometimes at fault?
If that is even your name.Your

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.1637
Retrieved Text: An alleged robber was killed in a “gunfight” with police in the capital's Wari area early yesterday.
The victim, Shanto Chowdhury, 18, was a resident of Narayanganj, said Nurul Amin, additional deputy commissioner of police (Wari Division), adding that he, along with at least 14 others, used to rob people in different areas of the city.
Two sub-inspectors Raqibul Islam and Shukanta Biswas were seriously injured during the incident, the ADC added.
Nurul said police conducted a drive on information that a gang of robbers was taking preparation to commit a robbery in Gopibagh Rail Gate area around 11:45pm on Monday.
As policemen tried to arrest them, one of them started stabbing the law enforcers indiscriminately with a sharp weapon and tried to escape.
When police chased them, the criminals opened fire on the law enforcers, forcing them to retaliate that resulted in a “gunfight”, he said.
Shanto had a bullet injury while the two police officials Raqibul and Shukanta suffered stab injuries during the incident, Nurul said, adding that Shanto was taken to Dhaka Medical College Hospital where he died around 7:00am yesterday.
Of the injured officials, Shukanta is undergoing treatment at National Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases with stab injuries in his head and hand, the police official said.
Rakibul was admitted to Asgar Ali Hospital in Old Dhaka with stab wounds in head, police said.
Police caught two of Shanto's associates Munna, 23, and Sunny, 24, from the spot.
Meanwhile, police recovered a man's bullet-hit body in Godagari upazila of Rajshahi yesterday.
The victim, Motiur Rahman Moti, 40, stood accused in a criminal case, said

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.069931
Retrieved Text: Apple charges a 5 dollar cover fee just to browse their store!
Apple takes a stab at Vista... and misses.
As vastly superior to Microsoft as Apple is, they (in their benevolence) will occasionally throw us poor Windows users a bone every once in a while. And it looks like that once in a while is right now (yay for us!!). Just this week, Apple took a stab at porting their oh-so-popular browser (Safari) over to Windows Vista... unfortunately, they overestimated their ability to write anything other than fluffy apps that don't do anything useful. Apparently, this little bundle of Apple joy came with bugs, exploits, and a complete lack of standard features.
Just a quick link for y'all. One of my favorite internet writers has finally chimed in on Macs. Why am I not surprised which side he came in on?
A buddy of mine who uses a Mac made me my very own Demotivator... I thought you all might like to see it.
now... we all know that it should say, "When you are too smart to run a Mac"... but hey... it's the thought that counts.
Hacking a Mac... the easy way!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.06635
Retrieved Text: The Gore-Armstrong climate bet has now completed four-tenths of its ten-year race with Scott Armstrong in the lead. The latest graph and data are available to the right. Click on the graph to show a larger version of the graph with the data. You will see that we finished 2011 with average global temperatures for the year slightly lower than the bet benchmark year of 2007.
While Professor Armstrong is confident that his no-change forecasting method is better than Gore and the IPCC’s +0.03C per annum unscientific extrapolation, ten years is short in climate terms, and Mr Gore is still in with a chance. To provide some perspective, climatologists sometimes use seven years as the duration of a climate period. Over the last seven years, the UAH global temperature anomaly series has trended upwards at a rate of 0.008C per year. The solar magnetic activity cycle has a period of about 11 year. Over the last 11 years, the temperature series has had a trend of +0.019C per year. The former trend is much closer to Prof Armstrong’s no-change forecast than it is to Mr Gore’s extrapolation, but the latter is somewhat closer to Mr Gore’s extrapolation. The trend for the entire 33 year period of the UAH temperature series, at +0.0138C per annum, marginally favors Prof Armstrong’s forecasting method and suggests that there is no reason for alarm.
Theclimatebet.com will continue to report monthly results on The Climate Bet, assuming that Mr. Gore took the bet. Professor Armstrong maintains that changes in temperature are natural variations that

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.986778
Retrieved Text: Commander Dan Soper is Commander of the NASP METOC. He has served as Combat Officer and Weapons Officer in addition to his service in aerography. As Ocean Services Officer at Pearl Harbor and Fleet Oceanographer for the Second Fleet, he was responsible for all oceanographic products. At Pearl he also prepared the "Local Forecaster's Handbook." He also served as Instructor in Environmental Support for the Atlantic Tactical and Navy Doctrine School, as Executive Officer at the Naval Ice Center, and as amember of the Staff of the OCeanographer of the Navy. His diverse experience amounts to nearly 14,500 hours at weather forecasting and oceanography-related tasks.
Petty Officer Trisha Bednarczk is Forecast Duty Officer and Sub-regional Forecaster at the NASP METOC. She has been forecasting in the Gulf Coast region since 1990 and has also had experience forecasting in the Mediterranean. She has logged over 13,000 hours at forecasting and forecasting-related tasks.
Mr. David Etheridge is a senior civilian forecaster at the NASP METOC and a true "weather lover." He has been forecasting since 1966, including a tour in Viet Nam and service for the Strategic Air Command. He also served for a time as Instructor at the USN Aerography School. He has logged over 54,000 hours at forecasting or forecasting-related tasks.
Lt. Jeff Fulson is Regional Chief Petty Officer at the NASP METOC, following his service there as Sub-regional Foreaster. His deployments as Observer and as Aerographer include Diego Garcia, the USS Mt. Whitney, and Rota Spain. He has logged a total of nearly 14,500 hours at forecasting and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.867323
Retrieved Text: i met hillary clinton for five seconds as she leaned off of a stage into an auditorium full of supporters. the gym had been packed where she spoke and after 2 hours in the cold, we had been shuffled into the auditorium to watch the rally with free signs and stickers shoved into our hands and sliding out of our pockets. she came in to see the extra gaggle of admirers after she finished filling our minds and hearts with hope and a sense of sureness that she would, indeed, fix the system.
she touched my hand and i felt sparks running through my veins. excitement. they always said obama brought action, brought game, brought excitement.
but i found it there, with madam president.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.83435
Retrieved Text: A 'violent and cowardly' Blackpool man killed his childhood friend in an alcohol fuelled argument in his flat.
Stephen Routledge, 24, of Station Road, Blackpool, was found guilty of the manslaughter of Joshua Whitley, 27, at Preston Crown Court yesterday.
The two men had met as children while at the same boarding school in Milnthorpe, Cumbria, where they became friends.
They had recently got back in touch and had met up at Routledge’s flat in Blackpool on July 27, where the fatal confrontation took place.
Both men had been drinking and an argument broke out, and Routledge stabbed Mr Whitley once in the chest before fleeing the property.
Police were called by the ambulance service at 10:36pm that day. Mr Whitley was taken to Blackpool Victoria Hospital, where he was pronounced dead a short time later.
A post-mortem examination revealed he died of a single stab wound to his chest.
Routledge was arrested and taken to Blackpool Victoria Hospital to be treated for stab wounds, which were later established to be self-inflicted.
Following a two week trial at Preston Crown Court, a jury yesterday found him guilty of Mr Whitley's manslaughter. He was found not guilty of murder.
DS Chris Williams, of Blackpool CID, said: “Routledge made matters worse by leaving the scene, knowing full well what he had done to Joshua. He has continually failed to take responsibility for his actions during this fateful incident.
“Joshua’s family now have to live with the consequences of Routledge’s violent and cowardly actions. Our thoughts remain with them at what continues to be a very difficult time and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.789576
Retrieved Text: A 44-year-old Garfield Park man has been charged with armed robbery after he allegedly pulled a knife when a loss prevention worker attempted to apprehend him for shoplifting at a Boystown sporting goods store Friday evening.
When a security guard took the bag of shoes from Day, police say, Day began waving a knife at the guard and threatened to stab him if the guard did not return the bag of shoes.
Day fled the scene when the guard screamed for other employees to call police. Officers arrested Day about 20 minutes later as he walked in the 2900 block of Broadway.
Image: Day's mugshot from the Cook County Sheriff's Department.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.780296
Retrieved Text: It’s very common for an artist to send a volley of shots at their label. In today’s edition of the disgruntled artist, we will feature Jeremih’s mangled relationship with Def Jam. Last week, the Chicago crooner released his album Late Nights: The Album.
To Jeremih’s dismay, the album wasn’t promoted nor pushed. Of course, he placed blame on his home Def Jam. To his credit, he had several bangers and Billboard high risers including “Planes” and his top-10 smash from 2014, “Don’t Tell Em.'” His friend and avid supporter, 50 Cent came to his defense and took a stab at the label for failing to properly deliver on Jeremih’s newest endeavor.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.759521
Retrieved Text: Temple police are investigating after a man was attacked with a knife late Thursday night.
The attack took place in front of a home in the 700 block of South 7th Street shortly before 11 PM. When police arrived at the scene, they found the victim lying on the ground with stab wounds to the legs.
The victim, whose identity is currently being withheld, was taken to Baylor Scott and White Hospital with non-life threatening injuries. The victim told police he knows the man who attacked him.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.747477
Retrieved Text: A California man was arrested after he allegedly tried to stab a Republican that is running for Congress with a switchblade.
Law enforcement responded to the possible knife attack around 3:45 p.m. on Sunday at the Castro Valley Fall Festival, the Alameda County Sheriff’s Office said in a Tuesday statement.
Farzad Fazeli, 35, of Castro Valley, reportedly insulted the GOP and then approached “a political candidate” at his booth in an “aggressive manner,” the statement said.
The San Francisco Chronicle has identified the candidate as Republican Rudy Peters, a Navy veteran who is running against Rep. Eric Swalwell Eric Michael SwalwellThe Hill's Morning Report — Mueller aftermath: What will House Dems do now? Bernie Sanders calls on Congress to investigate after Mueller report release 2020 Dems call on Mueller to testify about redacted report MORE (D) in the state's 15th District.
Fazeli allegedly pulled out a switchblade-style knife and tried to stab Peters, but the knife malfunctioned.
There was a “physical struggle” between the two men before Fazeli fled the scene.
He was arrested shortly after and was booked into the Santa Rita Jail on suspicion of felony assault, criminal threats, brandishing a weapon and possession of a switchblade knife.
No serious injuries were reported during the conflict, according to the sheriff's statement.
The Hill has reached out to the Peters campaign for comment.
Swalwell took to Twitter on Tuesday to condemn the attack.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.729284
Retrieved Text: Skader slowly rose, cringing at the loud noise he had made. The group continued to travel down the hall.
Ashley continued walking forward, undeterred by anything that might be waiting for them.
Something slithered in the shadows, but it's probably Ashley's imagination.
She paused, and sniffed the air to try and detect if there was anything there.
She wouldn't smell any sign of life besides herself and the rest of the group.
She continued forwards, making sure she was ready for attack.
James started humming to himself to lighten the mood. He hadn't been in this dark of a corridor since his initiation into the Plague Doctors.
Ashley glanced around the hallway.
The badger continued to step forwards.
I am getting some serious deja vu right now James thought as he walked down the dark hall. Suddenly, an amalgam monster burst out from a vent in the ceiling screetching.
The monster scampered across the ceiling and dropped to the ground in front of the group.
Ashley shanked it with her screwdriver.
The monster was unpaved, almost as if it didn't even notice. It swiped at Ashley with its claws.
She took the hit, and stabbed it again.
The monster cried out and spasmed.
The monster then moved away from Ashley, charging towards Runa.
She chased after it, and grabbed onto one of its legs.
The monster shook Ashley off its body, attempting to throw her into a wall.
a loud thud was heard before she fell to the ground.
The monster stood over Ashley. It prepared to stab down at her with its claws.
She tried to stab it in the throat with her screwdriver.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.666134
Retrieved Text: We are supporting Grans on the Make with creating Needle Felted Bees! When buying materials from us to make bees for Grans on the Make please use the code BEE at the Check-out for a 10% discount! Please share your bees on our Facebook page: ‘Every One a Maker’.
Take the brown wool and roll it up in itself into an oblong shape so that you only end up with the wispy ends. Use your felting needle and stab into these wispy ends . This will tuck them into the shape. Make sure you rest your project on a felting mat so you do not accidentally prick yourself.
You should now be able to let go of the shape as it will hold together by itself. Stab the needle all over to firm up the oblong shape. One end will be more pointy (tail end) than the other (head).
Next bend the shape so it resembles a kidney bean and stab the needle repeatedly into the centre (underneath the bee) This will bend the shape.
Now take a tiny wisp of yellow and lay over the top of the bee (the yellow does not need to reach all the way round). Felt the yellow wool down.
Add another two wispy stripes.
For crisp edges of yellow, stab your needle in a straight line along the yellow edge. You can keep it more like a blurred edge by spreading the yellow out like a dusting and stabbing all over.
For the wings take a wisp of the white wool and lay onto the bee

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.643703
Retrieved Text: A STALKER who threatened to stab a love rival before staking out his ex-partner’s house over night after threatening to “ruin her life” was today jailed for almost two years.
Fraser Watt flipped when he barged in to Rebecca Williams’ Dundee home and found her “associate” John Munday inside.
Mr Munday fled before Miss Williams attempted to call police – only for Watt to pull out the phone’s cord when she was connected to the control room.
Watt then took her mobile phone and left in his car – before turning up outside in his motor and texting her that he was watching.
Fiscal depute Vicki Bell told Dundee Sheriff Court: “At first he sat for five minutes before driving off.
“The complainer phoned him to establish why he was there. He said it was his intention to ruin her life.
“At 9.39pm she received a text on an old mobile saying ‘are you in the house yourself – are you saying that’.
“They engaged in a text conversation where he repeatedly asked to come in or he would stay outside all night.
“She repeatedly asked him to leave her alone as she was fearful of his actions. He said he intended to make her life a misery.
“The next day she received a further text saying he was still outside and he was freezing. She didn’t respond.
Watt, 44, a prisoner at Perth, pleaded guilty on indictment to a charge of stalking committed between February 19 and February 22 this year.
Defence solicitor Billy Rennie said: “He knew nothing of the other relationship.
Sheriff Alastair Brown jailed

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.624504
Retrieved Text: She waited in the bar. She waited with anticipation. She looked at her watch 7.26. He would be here in 4 minutes. She felt a hint of excitement. But then a bit of guilt. Her husband at home with the children. She sipped her wine. Watching the other people in the bar. She told her … Continue reading Brenda.

================



======= Instance Index 285 =========
Input Text: The word "gesture" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: A political gesture.
Sentence 2: A gesture of defiance.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.480314
Retrieved Text: Through references to gender roles and the female experience, Sara Abu Abdullah's work explores issues of obscurity and value, probing the social and cultural conditions of contemporary Saudi Arabia.
Abu Abdallah’s work has been exhibited internationally, at venues including Ala–an Artspace, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia (2012); Sharjah Museum of Islamic Civilisation (2010) and the Tenri Cultural Institute, New York(2009).
In this video, Sarah Abu Abdallah is seen painting the shell of a wrecked car with light pink paint, a gesture of defiance against Saudi Arabia’s prohibition on women drivers, which makes mobility the exclusive privilege of men.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.449823
Retrieved Text: Nice, well thought out blog. We need to pray for Bart, but not support him.
It is time for Catholics to rally around the essential issue, LIFE.
Thank You Deacon, and thank you for your ministry of service.
In a way the episode has the makings of a Greek tragedy. He stood in defiance of the death agenda only to leverage his principles in the end for a meaningless gesture from the unprincipled president.
Who will now believe Bart Stupak? Who will take his word on anything? What DOES he stand for? He has made his bed.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.426487
Retrieved Text: Since the rise in popularity of digital recordings, vinyl has been considered by many to be just a quaint relic from the past, a remnant of a by-gone era when the music industry was vibrant and record sales were in their millions.
Yes, there may have been some who clutched their PVC memories to their chests in a gesture of shear defiance but no-one can deny that the golden age of the 12″, 10″, and 7″ vinyl as the preferred method of recording music is now just a distant memory.
Vinyl enthusiasts, however, have ensured that this well-loved medium has not been totally relegated to the history books with the UK and US even seeing a vinyl revival in the last seven years or so and a new generation of music buyers now enjoying the unique audible experience.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.430017
Retrieved Text: Alexis Papachelas is a Greek investigative journalist born in 1961. A former correspondant in the United States, he is the current Managing Editor of the Kathimerini daily and the Secretary-general of the Hellenic Foundation for European and Foreign Policy.
The uncertain outcome of the Italian elections and the success of Beppe Grillo have again demonstrated the undercurrents agitating Europe’s crisis-stricken countries. Will the EU, or even more crucially the markets, now make a gesture to break the vicious circle of crisis and citizens’ defiance?
Greece: A new start with the same old politicians?
The winner of the June 17 elections, conservative Antonis Samaras could form a pro-memorandum coalition. For Athens daily Kathimerini there’s a future for Greece if political parties embody a quality they have been all too lacking in so far — responsibility.
The elections of May 6 have shaken the Greek political landscape to its core and a majority capable of governing cannot be reached. Yet, notes Kathimerini, the politicians discredited by the electorate and their European partners are supposed to find the path to recovery.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.395658
Retrieved Text: ATTACK DOG has noticed — The “Raised Fist” Thru History and wants to bark about it….
2/14/17 Valentines Day Special - because there's so much LUV here Here's a collection of pictures throughout history showing Marxists / Communists displaying their loyalty with the "Raised Fist" salute I DO realize that here and there people will just make this gesture as a symbol of "general defiance" ... or something similar -- but … Continue reading ATTACK DOG has noticed — The “Raised Fist” Thru History and wants to bark about it….
“Black Lives Matter” is a Marxist Political Movement – they Don’t Represent all Black People.
2/17/17 - drafted, outlined and written over a period of several days. I've thought a great deal about this article before deciding to move forward. Ultimately the deciding factor was when I took a look at the "BLM" website about a week 1/2 ago. The Marxist/Communist influence was clearly there and, what was more disappointing (but … Continue reading “Black Lives Matter” is a Marxist Political Movement – they Don’t Represent all Black People.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.239084
Retrieved Text: There it stood. A monument to defiance, though merely an empty gesture with a full glass. It was only water; to us it represented freedom from her oppressive policies of "no food or drinks" in the living room. Right here in this moment, that glass of water standing boldly on the living carpet was the start of our great uprising. As she rounded the corner from the dining room, she skidded to a halt. Her eyes locked on Jack, as mine already were. He smiled a devious grin as his eyes mechanically ticked back and forth from her to the glass of water resting precariously upon her beloved living room carpet.
In a matter of seconds, as she realized the severity of the situation, as she decoded Jack's intent, the slow motion silence disintegrated in a long, slow, trembling "Nooooooo." Jack knew this was it. This is where boys become men. He blinked slowly as he took a deep breath. She sprung towards him like a game cat to it's prey. We all knew she couldn't get to him in time, but she had to try. Jack now had the power. His whole body trembled as he surged through the barrier of restraint and control to kick the glass as if his life depended on it.
I couldn't believe my eyes; I wanted to turn away, but I couldn't. I felt a part of this rebellion, I had given Jack that glass of water and planted the seeds of this plot long before. Sure, Jack was now taking

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.099583
Retrieved Text: Bush administration officials have said they're skeptical that Iraq's invitation for the chief U.N. arms inspector to visit Baghdad signals any change in its defiance of U.N. resolutions requiring it to scrap weapons of mass destruction.
State Department officials said if Iraq intends to make a genuine offer to break the deadlock over U.N. weapons inspections, then the gesture from Baghdad is a positive development.
However, they said the invitation to chief U.N. weapons inspector Hans Blix is more likely a continuation of a long-running pattern of Iraqi "games-playing" to evade the requirements of Gulf War U.N. resolutions.
In a letter Thursday to U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan, Iraq invited Mr. Blix to visit for talks it hinted could lead to a resumption of weapons inspections after a break of nearly four years.
A senior official here questioned what further talks could achieve, since he said Iraq is already fully aware of requirements that it provide full, unfettered access to inspectors and disarm. The Iraqi move comes amid debate in Washington about the possibility the Bush administration might use force to achieve its stated goal of "regime change" in Baghdad.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.117073
Retrieved Text: The brief action in Jimmie Durham’s video 13 Rue Fenelon can be seen as an architectural gesture. In a single moment, a stone, thrown from the inside out, breaks through the boundary and the distinction between the interior and exterior space. At the same time, the gesture refers to rebellion, uproar and political activism. It is through an action in the public space that a person stands up for himself.
In spring 2012 the M HKA in Antwerp will be presenting a major retrospective of the work of Jimmie Durham. This artist, born in Arkansas, settled permanently in Europe in 1994 after a turbulent period in which he alternated his artistic activities with a life as an activist for the American Native Indian movement. His work is both profound and accessible, political and personal, both ‘of the moment’ and outside of all current trends.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.03387
Retrieved Text: How can we link words and images?
How can we connect language and body?
How can we silently fight the battle against oblivion?
These three questions permeate all of Agnès Geoffray’s work. They come to life in this new exhibition, in which writing and photography are intertwined, to make visible, to bring out into the open in a poetic gesture of reversal what is unspoken and unseen in history, political coercion, power. The gesture then speaks for itself.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.982752
Retrieved Text: Posture and Gesture in Non-verbal Communication Research: The study of non-verbal communication. Clinical and experimental studies of posture and gesture. Methodology. The Communication of Listener Attitudes through Posture: The encoding of interest and boredom. The encoding of disagreement and agreement. The decoding of interest/boredom and disagreement/agreement. Posture, Gesture and Speech: The organization of posture in relation to speech. The role of pre-speech changes in posture. Gesture and emphasis in speech. The use of hand gesture in political speeches: some case studies. Conclusions and Wider Implications. Theoretical and practical significance of research on posture and gesture. References. Appendix A: The posture scoring system. Appendix B: The body movement scoring system. Author. Index. Subject Index.
This volume presents the results of a series of studies carried out by the author focusing on the role of posture and gesture in interpersonal communication. The first section of the book sets these studies in the general context of non-verbal communication research; in addition, previous research on posture and gesture is reviewed in order to highlight the particular issues which were chosen as the focus of research reported here. In Part II, six experiments are presented concerning the extent to which posture communicates information about listener emotions and attitudes. The seven studies reported in Part III are concerned with the relationship between posture, gesture and speech. The final section summarizes the main findings from the studies presented in this volume, discussing their theoretical and practical significance and considering their implications for the way in which research on non-verbal communication is carried out.
For advanced

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.662386
Retrieved Text: Anne Hardy’s photographs picture depopulated rooms that suggest surreal fictions. Working in her studio, Hardy builds each of her sets entirely from scratch; a labour-intensive process of constructing an empty room, then developing its interior down to the most minute detail. Using the transient nature of photography, Hardy’s images withhold the actual experience of her environments, allowing our relationship with them to be in our imagination.
Hardy’s work transforms sculpture into photographic ‘paintings’. Though her scenes are built in actuality, their compositions are developed to be viewed from one vantage point only and it’s only their 2 dimensional images that are shown. Hardy uses the devices inherent within photography to heighten her work’s painterly illusion. In Cipher, aspects such as the hazy aura around the fluorescent lights, faux grotto walls, and the spatial defiance of the hanging ropes, give allusion to gesture and drawn lines.
Through her intensive process of set building Hardy engages with ideas of theatricality, fiction, and performance. Her scenes suggest not only elaborate narratives of place, character, and events, but also a meta-narrative of obsession and control in manifesting their fantasy – all for the solitary moment of the photograph. Unlike film stills, which represent an image of a linear and contextualised story, Hardy’s photographs compound a sense of disjointedness and isolation. Their hermetic aura and invitation to scrutiny affirms their uncanniness or ‘unrealness’. Building offers a surveillance room for forensic study, its wall of monitors broadcasting yet another world within its imagined scene, a further layer of embellished construction, reflecting on the fabricated

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.477901
Retrieved Text: The national language of Tunisia is a reflection of the rich colonial history of the country. In fact, the dialect is an adaptation of the Maghrebi dialect from the Arabic language. Later on, it was referred to as Darija or Tunsi as a remarkable gesture of affirmation. In turn, distinction of the vernacular is made apart from the shadow of Standard Arabic language.
Tunisian language has been regarded as an extension of the Arabic language. In depth analysis of Tunisian vocabulary though revealed that it is not mere mimicry of the Arabic language. In fact, it depicts an affluent collection of words borrowed from past foreign conquerors. These include Berber, French, Italian, Punic, Spanish, and Turkish terminologies. All these made Tunisia’s native tongue truly distinctive on its own right.
Dichotomy of the Tunisian Arabic is also observed due to geographical setting differences. As a result, two variants of the native dialect separately emerged. Urban communities (including those along the coast) utilize Sedentary variant while rural communities (including those within small villages) utilize Bedouin variant. Variations are but limited to details of native speech delivery specifically in pronunciation.
Unlike the prominence of the native language in speech, it is not that popular in written literature. Most of short stories, prose, and novels from national artists are tendered in Standard Arabic or French. Even the media conformed on this inclination by delivering news on TV and on print either in Standard Arabic or French. Hedi Balegh made defiance on this unlikely conformation by publishing The Little Prince in the Tunisian Arabic,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.323622
Retrieved Text: Cindy Bernard: I’m intimating that there is a certain degree of calculation behind any gesture and that the degree of meaning attached to the artist’s hand is over emphasized in terms of its emotional significance. With the fabric photos it’s often difficult to distinguish the source of the image – whether its a photograph, a drawing or a photograph of a painting. I choose the fabrics for qualities that evoke a response because we have been trained to equate gesture with a feeling or mood. I want the viewer to think about the assumptions underlying those tendencies.
MS: Do you see your work as political in any way? Doesn’t the medium / process of photography have an almost inherently socio-political character to it in the way it mediates reality?
CB: Of course. But there is a degree of sophistication that mush exist on the part of the viewer before there is an assumption of mediation. The traditions of photo documentary or cinema verité are predicated on the insistance that the camera is objective. Obviously what I am doing deviates from a traditional view of photographic practice. I almost render the relationship of the photograph to what is real an irrelevant question.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.31806
Retrieved Text: Donald Trump became the 45th President of the United States today. During his approximately sixteen minute inaugural address, he used a very low variety of hand gestures. And while this low nonverbal vocabulary is typical for Trump - it was particularly so today.
There were two hand-arm gestures which President Trump over-used - and indeed one which he should absolutely NOT have used.
Above we see what has become known in some countries as "The Political Point". In other countries (e.g., Greece, Turkey, Russia, Brazil and others) this gesture is an obscenity - while in others (France, Belgium, Tunisia) it indicates "worthless".
In many countries (including the US) where the tip of the forefinger (index finger) is touching the tip of the thumb with the other digits extended, it indicates "okay", "everything is all right" or "I agree with you". Yet these are recognizably different scenarios from most political speeches.
In the past 25-30 years, many politicians have come to use the political point nonverbal signal instead of index finger pointing while speaking. In general this is a very good idea - for it's one of many types of what are known as "alpha-beta hybrids". It fits in this category because it's not as aggressive and not as hyper-alpha (and offensive) as is pointing at someone (or group) with one's forefinger - yet it still projects a good level of authority, strength and determination.
The trouble with the political point is that most politicians who use it, tend to over-use it - and that is what President Trump did today. Any

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.159554
Retrieved Text: Great Plains Loans, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Dakota Cash, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
United Cash Loans, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Ameriloan, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Green Valley Cash, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
1 Hour Loan, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
500 Fast Cash, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
American Loans, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Borrow Money Fast, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Cash in 60 Seconds, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Cash in Minutes, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Cash Over Night, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Direct Cash Advance, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Direct Cash Lenders, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Direct Cash Loan Lender, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Direct Lender Cash Advance, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Direct Lender Loans, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Emergency Cash Loans, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Fast Cash, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Get Cash Now, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Get Money Fast, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash To Go and Cash Loan Services.
Installment Loan, Defiance, OH, Quick Cash

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.123657
Retrieved Text: It is a zip file full of graphics that can be printed and applied to a monopoly board to play a Defiance themed Monopoloy game with friends and family.
The Voices Of Defiance hosts Shannon and Sean introduce their awesome custom made Defiance Monopoly style game with "some guy" Stargate Pioneer.
The Voices Of Defiance regular hosts Shannon, Sean and "some guy" Stargate Pioneer are joined by Defiance fan Sophia (@IrisaWiFi) to discuss the Defiance second season’s penultimate twelfth and finale episodes: All Things Must Pass & I Almost Prayed.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.110935
Retrieved Text: 1. A daring; a challenge to fight; invitation to combat; a call to an adversary to encounter, if he dare. Goliath bid defiance to the army of Israel.
2. A challenge to meet in any contest; a call upon one to make good any assertion or charge; an invitation to maintain any cause or point.
3. Contempt of opposition or danger; a daring or resistance that implies the contempt of an adversary, or of any opposing power. Men often transgress the law and act in defiance of authority.
Defiance De*fi"ance, n. [OF. defiance, desfiance, challenge, fr. desfier to challenge, F. d['e]fier. See Defy.] 1. The act of defying, putting in opposition, or provoking to combat; a challenge; a provocation; a summons to combat. A war without a just defiance made. --Dryden. Stood for her cause, and flung defiance down. --Tennyson. 2. A state of opposition; willingness to flight; disposition to resist; contempt of opposition. He breathed defiance to my ears. --Shak. 3. A casting aside; renunciation; rejection. [Obs.] ``Defiance to thy kindness.'' --Ford. To bid defiance, To set at defiance, to defy; to disregard recklessly or contemptuously. --Locke.
n. 1. Daring, challenge, invitation to combat or contest (of any kind). 2. Contempt, opposition, spite, despite.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.027754
Retrieved Text: 22 Dec Read Defiance (Significance, #3) by Shelly Crane Book Online or There s also other available format to download: PDF Kindle ePub. Mobi. 31 Mar Download Defiance: A Significance Novel (Volume 3) ebook freeType: ebook pdf , ePub Publisher: CreateSpace Independent Publishing. 11 Mar DOWNLOAD LINK: Defiance (Significance, #3) ebook epub electronic book Defiance (Significance, #3) by Shelly Crane for iphone, ipad txt.
Simply FREE SIGN UP and get 7-day trial to read Defiance (Significance, #3) by Shelly Crane and download Defiance (Significance, #3) by Shelly Crane PDF. uerg35edg - Read Defiance (Significance, #3) online book by Shelly Crane. Full supports all version of your device, includes PDF, ePub and Kindle version. xvmndv - Get book Defiance (Significance, #3) by Shelly Crane read and download online. Full supports all version of your device, includes PDF.
Shelly is a New York Times and USA Today bestselling author from a small Defiance. Significance Series. Book 3. Shelly Crane Author Cris Dukehart Narrator. I easily got for free Adobe Reader here goodhabaritanzania.com To read pdf files you have to use Adobe Reader. Anonymous · 4 years ago. 0. Defiance has ratings and reviews. Shelly said: I'm dying for you to read this!! Dying!! I can't wait and will be on pins and needles until thi. Editorial Reviews. Review. - What others have to say about Significance and Shelly's other Defiance (Significance Book 3) - Kindle edition by Shelly Crane. Accordance shelly crane pdf 2shared download goodhabaritanzania.com Defiance includes reverence novella significance series, book 3 unabridged by shelly crane.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.976895
Retrieved Text: In common parlance, a crone is an ugly old woman. In folklore and fairy tale, the crone is an old woman who is usually disagreeable, malicious, or sinister in manner, often with magical or supernatural associations. Neopagan Wiccans (witches) have embraced the crone as one of their “goddesses,” as in the Triple Goddess popularized by Robert Graves.
Given the above, 77-year-old feminist icon Gloria Steinem should be overjoyed that she is now a crone.
And here’s a younger Steinem, proudly proclaiming she’d aborted killed her unborn child.
What’s with the occult/Masonic one-(all-seeing)-eye hand gesture?
You can see more pics of political-cultural elites making that creepy one-eye hand gesture HERE.
This entry was posted in Liberals/Democrats/Left, New Age, Pro-Life, Religion, United States and tagged abortion. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.97084
Retrieved Text: DEFIANCE Executes Share Exchange Ag… | Defiance Silver Corp.
Defiance Silver Corp (TSX Venture DEF) (Defiance) has entered into a share exchange agreement with Global Resources Investments Ltd (“GRIL”,) an arm’s length party to Defiance. Under the agreement, Defiance will issue to GRIL 5,100,000 common shares at a deemed price of 0.10 per share.
GRIL has been established to exploit investment opportunities in the junior mining and natural resource sectors worldwide, with an investment objective to generate medium and long-term capital growth.
GRIL will re-register as a public company and be constituted as an investment trust with the name Global Resources Investment Trust Plc (“GRIT”) and seek admission of its ordinary shares on the main market for listed securities on the London Stock Exchange.
In consideration for acquiring the Defiance shares, GRIT will issue and deliver to Defiance 311,610 ordinary shares of GRIT at a deemed value of £1.00 per share (the “GRIT Shares”). Defiance will then sell the GRIT Shares through the facilities of the London Stock Exchange to realize the private placement proceeds.
As of the date hereof, Defiance has 23,947,749 Common Shares issued and outstanding. Upon completion of the proposed transaction, GRIL would hold 5,100,000 Common Shares of 29,047,749 representing about 17.6% of Defiance’s issued and outstanding Common Shares on a non-diluted basis.
Closing of the transaction is subject to a number of conditions precedent, including approval of the TSX Venture Exchange, and GRIT successfully listing on the London Stock Exchange.
Defiance is a near term silver producer engaged in the acquisition, exploration, and development of advanced silver projects in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.958835
Retrieved Text: This one-acter, written quickly by Arthur Miller in 1964 when the ANTA Washington Square Theater in New York City needed another play to follow After the Fall, was inspired by true events.
A Jewish man’s life was saved by a gentile stranger who handed him his own papers during a Nazi inspection in Vichy France. Incident at Vichy is less a moving celebration of humane sacrifice, however, than a complex examination of degrees of complicity in evil. The noble gesture seems tacked on at the end.
A line of men, representative of different types, among them an artist, a Communist electrician, an aristocrat and a doctor, await their checks – of papers and penises (for tell-tale circumcision). Miller was writing against the background of the Eichmann trial and, although Hannah Arendt’s “banality of evil” is not quoted, the idea hangs in the air. Needless to say, rounding up those who are different, blaming an influx of strangers for social problems, seems bang up to date – as it probably always has. Yet this is its first professional London outing in 50 years.
Director Phil Willmott argues that Miller was not aiming for “easy” catharsis as in Willy Loman’s death or John Proctor’s defiance. There is strength in this uncompromising approach and a disturbing sense of limbo in Georgia de Grey’s glaring white set, with its bare walls and simple integrated bench, but dramatic argument is best underscored by emotion.
Lawrence Boothman as the hysterical painter, Gethin Alderman as Leduc, the flawed doctor, and Daniel Dowling as a frightened boy contribute

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.9475975
Retrieved Text: The hosts of Voices Of Defiance are fans of SciFi in general but saw modern day genius in season one of Defiance. We just want to spread the word about the show and have a fun time talking about it. Hopefully you’ll enjoy it too.Voices Of Defiance is a weekly podcast about the SyFy television show Defiance and the Trion video game Defiance. The podcast is hosted by husband and wife team Sean and Shannon O’Hara along with Stargate Pioneer. The hosts love hearing from you about your thoughts on ... See More Defiance or your feedback about the show so free free to give us a shoutout whenever on Twitter, Facebook, E-mail or through the Voices Of Defiance voicemail line.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.934727
Retrieved Text: GREENWOOD, Ind. -- The Heartland Collegiate Athletic Conference recently announced its 2008 award winners for the baseball regular season. Defiance took home a pair of accolades, as second-year players Tim Pitro and Kirk Jesse were each named All-Heartland Conference.
CINCINNATI, Ohio -- Defiance dropped its final baseball game of the season on Sunday, falling 9-7 to the College of Mount St. Joseph. The MSJ victory clinched the HCAC regular season title for the Lions.
CINCINNATI, Ohio -- Aaron Stewart highlighted a 13-run outburst by Defiance in the second game of DCs doubleheader at Mount St. Joseph, but it was not enough as the Jackets fell 15-13. MSJ won the opener by a 7-2 score on Saturday afternoon.
DEFIANCE, Ohio -- Defiance rallied for three runs in the bottom of the ninth inning and had the potential game-winning run on the bases on Tuesday, before Ohio Northern recorded the final out and took the 6-5 win over the Yellow Jackets at Craig Rutter Field.
ANDERSON, Ind. -- Casey Kahsen belted his first collegiate home run as Defiance and Anderson locked horns in an HCAC slugfest on Friday afternoon. The two sides combined for 28 runs on 33 hits in nine innings, with the Ravens coming out on top, 16-12.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio -- Defiance traveled to Springfield on Wednesday night to take on the Wittenberg Tigers in a non-conference game. The Yellow Jackets only trailed 6-4 through five innings, before taking the 17-4 loss.
DEFIANCE, Ohio -- Defiance held an 8-2 lead after six innings of play on Tuesday against Bluffton, but the Beavers

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.904312
Retrieved Text: Ashley Ann Sever passed away on October 2, 2018 at the age of 31.
She is survived by her mother, Kimberly Oberlag nee Sorenson of Defiance, MO; step-father, Ronald Oberlag of Defiance, MO; father, Michael Sever, son, Brighton Dunkle of Defiance, MO; two brothers, Chaye Sever of Defiance, MO, Benjamin (Melissa) Schiller of Defiance, MO; niece, Parker Schiller of Defiance, MO; nephew, Blake Schiller of Defiance, MO; numerous uncles, aunts, cousins and friends. She is preceded in death by her son, Sterling R. Schultz, maternal grandparents, Tom and Kay Sorenson; paternal grandparents, Thomas and Ethel Sever.
Ashley cherished time with her family and friends. She absolutely adored her son Brighton and treasured all of their moments together. She loved animals and especially loved drawing in her spare time. Ashley was a very caring and passionate person who loved to help others in need. She will be dearly missed by all who knew and loved her.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.886274
Retrieved Text: Obituary for Juan Diego Facundo | Schaffer Funeral Home, Inc.
Juan Diego Facundo, 47, of Defiance, passed away surrounded by his loving family on Tuesday, January 29, 2019 at his residence in Defiance.
Juan was born on December 24, 1971 to Faustino G. and Virginia (Longoria) Facundo in Bay City, Michigan. He married Ruby Facundo-Belaire in August, 1993. Juan had a big, golden heart, and surrounded his life around his children. He loved his grandkids, fishing, and camping.
Juan is survived by his mother, Virginia Facundo of Defiance, grandmother, Eloisa G. Facundo of Bay City, MI, former wife, Ruby Facundo-Belaire of Defiance, three sons; Mario A. Ramirez of Deshler, Juan Moses Abram Facundo of Bay City,MI, and Sirildo A. Facundo of Defiance, three daughters; Samantha (Craig) Wagenhauser of Deshler, Sondra Facundo of Bay City, MI, and Dezarai Facundo of Deshler, three grandsons, four granddaughters, three brothers; Faustino Facundo Jr. of Defiance, Javier Felipe Facundo of Napoleon, and Jose (Kathy) Mancera of Defiance, two sisters; Connie Facundo of Bradenton, FL, and Juanita Mancera of Defiance, a very special friend, Katherine Lechuga of Defiance, and Russell Salazar Perez of Napoleon, who Juan loved as his son.
He was preceded in death by his father, Faustino G. Facundo, and grandfather, Sirildo R. Facundo.
Visitation will be held from 11:00 am to 1:00 pm on Saturday, February 2, 2019 at Schaffer Funeral Home in Defiance. A Memorial Service will follow at 1:00 pm at Schaffer Funeral Home, with Pastor Eliazar Reyes officiating.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.883826
Retrieved Text: There is only one human resources school in Defiance for faculty to choose from. The trends in Defiance's human resources academic community can be evaluated by looking at the statistics and graphs below, which includes human resources training at the human resources bachelors degree level.
Exactly 200 of the 7,010 human resources professionals employed in Ohio, work in Defiance. Between 2006 and 2010, the number of human resources professionals in Defiance has shrunk by 46%. Overall employment in Defiance has increased.
Salaries for human resources professionals in Defiance have decreased. Defiance human resources professionals made $34,060 per year, on average, in 2010. The average salary for human resources professionals in Defiance was $35,755 per year, four years earlier in 2006. The decline in the salary of human resources professionals in Defiance is slower than the salary trend for all careers in the city.
Defiance human resources professionals earn a median yearly salary of $33,490. The 10% of human resources professionals in the lowest pay bracket earn less than $22,480 per year, while those in the highest pay bracket earn approximately 110% higher salaries.
On average human resources professional salaries in Defiance are lower than salaries earned by their professional counterparts in related professions.
Many of Defiance's human resources professionals are graduates of the only accredited human resources school in the city.
Defiance's human resources school offers one human resources degree and certificate program.
In 2010 approximately 4 students completed human resources courses.
We are currently gathering data for the number of human resources faculty in Defiance, growth in the field of human resources academia

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.880266
Retrieved Text: Italian soccer star Paolo Di Canio has caused a stir by giving what looks like a fascist salute after scoring a goal against his team’s arch-rival, Roma. Di Canio plays for Lazio, a Roman team that Mussolini supported and that continues to have fascist and racist elements (called “ultras”) among its fans. In fact, a number of European countries have at least one important soccer team with a political orientation similar to Lazio. That’s Europe for you.
Di Canio is an interesting case. He has a long record of misconduct, most of which occurred when he played in England and Scotland. He once pushed a referee to the ground (although the referee probably should have given himself a yellow card for the way he embellished his fall). However, Everton fans have a soft spot for Di Canio (as we do for so many miscreants). In the final minutes of a match against West Ham, Di Canio had the goal at his mercy after the Everton goal keeper had suffered a horrible injury. Di Canio elected to kick the ball out play, thus denying West Ham the victory.
Fascist politics don’t seem to be present in the English game. A notable exception occurred about five years ago when Australian goal keeper Mark Bosnich gave a fascist salute to the Tottenham Hotspur crowd. Spurs is a London team with a huge Jewish following.
My view of that incident was that Bosnich should be free to make whatever political gesture he wants without punishment by the league. A fascist salute in Italy

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.87337
Retrieved Text: 0:43 Shot by Manchester Uni. Drake DeWitt, High.
04:37 Offside against Manchester Uni..
08:23 Shot by Defiance Milus Sutton, Save (by goalie) Brady Forman.
08:53 Corner kick by Manchester Uni. Nash Walker [08:53].
10:16 Shot by Manchester Uni. Tod Oram, Save (by goalie) Clay Musgrave.
14:54 Shot by Manchester Uni. Josh Gonzalez, Blocked.
15:38 Shot by Manchester Uni. Brandon Renninger, Save (by goalie) Clay Musgrave.
16:55 Shot by Manchester Uni. Ben Niederhelman, Save (by goalie) Clay Musgrave.
18:15 Substitution!Defiance substitution: Jarod Brossia for Vuyo Ndebele.
21:57 Substitution!Defiance substitution: Quinlan Armstrong for Milus Sutton.
21:57 Substitution!Defiance substitution: Dante Mosley for Maxwell Alvarado.
22:39 Corner kick by Defiance Jarod Brossia [22:39].
23:23 Shot by Defiance Quinlan Armstrong, Wide.
25:46 Corner kick by Manchester Uni. Nash Walker [25:46].
26:23 Shot by Manchester Uni. Ben Niederhelman, Save (by goalie) Clay Musgrave.
26:48 Shot by Manchester Uni. Drake DeWitt, Save (by goalie) Clay Musgrave.
27:07 Corner kick by Manchester Uni. Josh McCoy [27:07].
27:50 Shot by Manchester Uni. Drake DeWitt, Wide.
29:22 Substitution!Manchester Uni. substitution: Samuel Tetteh-Quarsh for Ben Niederhelman.
30:59 Shot by Manchester Uni. Josh Gonzalez, Blocked.
32:33 Offside against Manchester Uni..
34:22 Yellow card on Manchester Uni. Tod Oram.
34:38 Corner kick by Defiance Jarod Brossia [34:38].
34:44 Substitution!Manchester Uni. substitution: Luke Headings for Alex Baker.
34:44 Substitution!Defiance substitution: Adam Ordel for Christian Meister.
38:55 Corner kick by Defiance Jarod Brossia [38:55].
39:18 Substitution!Manchester Uni. substitution: Adrian Mulenga for Josh Gonzalez.
39:18 Substitution!Manchester Uni. substitution: Nick Surber for Josh McCoy.
41:23 Shot by Manchester Uni. Samuel Tetteh-Quarsh, High.
41:38 Corner kick by Manchester Uni. Nash Walker [41:38].
42:02 Shot by Manchester Uni. Nick Surber, High.
42:11 Substitution!Manchester Uni. substitution: Travis Richardson for Drake DeWitt.
42:11 Substitution!Defiance substitution: Logan Groves for Mark

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.847331
Retrieved Text: This dangerous play with meanings around ‘Mahatma’, offers a scary idea of the kind of figures that may get valorised in the future, under the auspices of the current political regime. Lip service paid to Gandhi as the inspiration behind campaigns like ‘Swachh Bharat mission’ works perfectly in this moment of political manoeuvre. This gesture serves a political cause for the BJP to flaunt its acceptance of Gandhi.
But it is cleverly limited to endorsing Gandhi’s most nonpolitical aspect of cleanliness. In the carefully crafted language of political semiotics, Gandhi, the champion of cleanliness, has been reduced to his hollow spectacles, a sign of erasure. There is no occasion to remember, Gandhi picking up with his own hands the human excrement that greeted him in the streets of Noakhali during the summer of 1946. Gandhi’s idea of cleanliness was part of his politics of reconciliation that he displayed under adverse circumstances.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.829948
Retrieved Text: FeeFreeTicket is your best and last stop for Tacoma Defiance tickets without fees. For over 10 years we have been in beautiful New England selling tickets nationwide for Tacoma Defiance. We offer without a doubt the largest inventory online for all Tacoma Defiance tickets at prices that others resellers cannot compete with. Unlike many other ticket sites or ticket brokers, FeeFreeTicket.com will never add hidden fees or charges to your order and will guarantee your Tacoma Defiance ticket purchase with our No Worry Guarantee and No Service Fee Promise!
If you are looking for more information about Tacoma Defiance you should check the wiki, current news and videoes for Tacoma Defiance that we have listed below. Tacoma Defiance News, videos and wiki pages are here for your convenience and to help when searching for Tacoma Defiance tickets. When you need Tacoma Defiance tickets we are here!

================



======= Instance Index 450 =========
Input Text: The word "near" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: They are nearing the coast.
Sentence 2: The ship nears the land.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.524256
Retrieved Text: Update 1:50 p.m.: The area of showers and thunderstorms near the coast of Florida was downgraded this afternoon by the National Hurricane Center and is not expected to develop.
It was never given more than a 10 percent chance of becoming a tropical system, but as of the 2 p.m. advisory, it has no chance of growing into something more.
The disturbance nearing the Bahamas still has a 50 percent chance of becoming a tropical system over the next five days ans it heads west-northwest at 10 to 15 mph.
This afternoon, the area of showers is a couple hundred miles north of Puerto Rico. While there is no indication that it has a closed circulation, upper level winds are forecast to become more favorable for development over the weekend.
Previous story: The National Hurricane Center is still watching two tropical disturbances that could develop into something more over the next five days.
Stubborn Invest 99L, which is nearing the Bahamas, was given a 50 percent chance of development this morning by hurricane forecasters. That’s an increase from the 40 percent it was tagged with on Thursday as it struggled through the tropical Atlantic.
A second system, which dumped record rainfall on South Florida on Thursday, has a 10 percent chance of development as it moves up the coast of Florida.
If either system becomes a tropical storm, it would be named Gert.
Invest 99L nearing the Bahamas is moving into an area where upper-level winds are favorable for development today or over the weekend, but it will also be fighting dry air aloft.
Related:

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.995039
Retrieved Text: As a ship sails away from your vantage point on shore, it appears not only to get smaller with distance but also to sink below the horizon, the lower parts of the ship disappearing first. This is a consequence of the curvature of the Earth.
Here is a Demonstration that simulates this phenomenon. When the ship nears the horizon, you begin to view it through a telescope. You can then observe it dipping under the horizon until it disappears from view. For example, if your eyes are at an elevation of 1.7 meters (approximately 5' 7"), the visible horizon is about 5 km away. The ship will disappear from view at about 20 km. Because of refraction of light rays, you can actually see about 15% farther than the actual distance when the air temperature is 20°C.
S. M. Blinder "Ship Sailing over the Horizon"

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.712292
Retrieved Text: As Princess Cruises’ Grand Princess nears the end of its drydock time and prepares to welcome passengers aboard the newly-renovated ship, the Cruise Director gives us updates on many areas, including Crooners’ Bar, Leaves Tea Lounge & Library (where a multitude of different teas will be available for sampling soon), the Fitness Center, and many deck areas. Enjoy!
With less than two days to go before Princess Cruises‘ Grand Princess is to receive passengers, this video update gives us a preview of the brand-new Piazza-style atrium. Looking good!
In this episode of Princess Cruises‘ Grand Princess video diary, we see the lifeboats being maintained and replaced, while miles and miles of custom-made carpets are laid all over the ship. Can’t wait to travel on the completely renovated ship!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.702803
Retrieved Text: The 1975 Māori land march nears its destination. The march, which began at Te Hāpua, the northernmost settlement in New Zealand, and ended at Parliament, was a protest against continuing losses of Māori land. It contributed to the formation of the Waitangi Tribunal.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.98776
Retrieved Text: Ivory Coast to conclude licensing of six oil blocks by midyear..
ABIDJAN and JOHANNESBURG (Bloomberg) -- Ivory Coast plans to conclude the licensing of six oil blocks by June as the country seeks to increase crude output amid rising interest from supermajors to explore in West Africa.
The government is in talks with French and Italian majors about the blocks, Minister of Petroleum, Energy and Renewable Energy Abdourahmane Cisse said in an interview in Cape Town on Monday, declining to identify the companies. The country was nearing production-sharing deals for at least four blocks with Total and Eni, people familiar with the matter said in November.
Ivory Coast has 48 demarcated oil blocks, of which four are in production and another 24 under exploration, Cisse said. Output averages about 70,000 bpd, but “the potential is a lot higher,” he said.
Producers from BP to Tullow Oil are exploring in the world’s biggest cocoa grower as operators are raising output to about 200,000 bpd in neighboring Ghana. Ivory Coast is seeking to diversify an economy whose exports are dominated by shipments of the chocolate ingredient and gold.
“We have six contracts that we’re negotiating right now with majors,” said Cisse. “It’s a sign that they actually believe in the country, otherwise they won’t be looking at it. We won’t have a remake of 2010."

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.512896
Retrieved Text: As the rumoured launch of the highly anticipated iPhone models nears, more leaks are hitting the web. This time the French site Nowhereelse.fr posted a new image showing the iPhone 5C in its box, at least according to their source.
You may have already guessed, the image showing the iPhone 5C packed in its box, was taken by an anonymous employee of an Apple supplier. Also, as you can see, this image seems to reinforce an earlier image leak showing a container full of white plastic containers.
Since these appear to be plastic boxes, we were wondering back then, if Apple will opt for plastic boxes. Since the launch of the iPhone the handset was packed in a paper box. Other Apple products, however, such as the iPod Touch and other iPods ship in plastic.
We can’t confirm the authenticity of the above picture, so it could easily represent a Chinese clone, but it seems like Apple will ship the polycarbonate iPhone in plastic boxes.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.491047
Retrieved Text: A US surveillance drone, which Iranian officials described as “radar-evading,” took off from a base in the Afghan city of Kandahar and entered Iranian airspace briefly before being given a “serious warning” which quickly caused the drone to return to Afghanistan.
Details are still scant, and exactly what was claimed isn’t totally clear, as the initial reports in the Tasnim news agency suggested the drone got inside Iran itself, and not necessarily just into Iranian airspace, while later reports suggested they never quite got into Iran.
US officials have yet to comment at all on the incident, and indeed probably never well, since in general they don’t offer details about their drone flights. It would be unusual for a US drone in Afghanistan to head for Iran, however, as previously drones nearing Iranian airspace came by way of the Persian Gulf.
It also comes amid rising tensions along the Persian Gulf coast, with US officials twice complaining that Iranian speedboats got sort of close to their warships off the Iranian coast. Iran insists it was standard procedure for foreign warships off their coast. One of the US ships fired “warning shots” in the general direction of the boats.
No surprise here. The U.S. does not care about violating the sovereignty of foreign nations.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.855766
Retrieved Text: JOSHUA NEARS the end of his life and the tribes of Israel still have not taken possession of the land west of the Jordan River. To complete the task, he sends a surveying team to divide Canaan into seven portions (Judah and Ephraim had already claimed theirs), which are then assigned to tribes by casting lots.
Here is the link Sharon promised to a page devoted to the biblical city of Shiloh.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.685713
Retrieved Text: Software Development Block - I (SDB I) of the sprawling 1.5 million sq.ft. Infosys campus nears completion at Technopark Phase II. Technopark's reigning giants, Bhavani and Thejaswini can be seen in the background.
A closer view of the 200,000 Sq.ft. SDB - I, there will be six such buildings in the campus. Work on SDB-II will start in May 2009, it will be located in the foreground of the image, adjacent to SDB - I.
This perspective will give a better idea, SDB I is seen on the left while SDB II will come up to its side.
The bow-on view of the ship-shaped SDB I. The Hafeez Contractor and Iyer & Mahesh-designed building resembles a coconut frond when seen from the air.
a blogpost on the new congress candidate for the lok sabha??

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.666275
Retrieved Text: Overview: Kalank, a amount film, set in pre freelance India could be a story regarding associate degree elite family and lots of of its hidden truths that begin to unfold as communal tensions rise and partition nears. Caught during this state of affairs area unit Dev, Satya, Roop, and Zafar WHO realize themselves during this piece of land of affection. can Roop and Zafar be torn apart or can their love win?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.58167
Retrieved Text: Much of Maine is still in moderate color – the peak is still to come … visit Maine Foliage to find out more.
New Hampshire is nearing peak color throughout most of the state (NH Foliage).
View Michigan Fall Color Tours here.
Whether you head out to the coast, take a hike along one of the many wooded trails, or drive down a country road; you are bound to see some amazing color this Fall Season!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.490957
Retrieved Text: Event: President Reagan signing the Civil Liberties Act of 1988. Caption on reverse: "Rayburn Bldg. Sumi Kobayashi, George Uyehara, Hiro Uyehara."
Caption on reverse: "Sen. Dan Inouye, Cong. Pat Saiki, Cong. Robert Matsui, Harry Kajihara."
Caption on banner: "Redress - Personal Justice Restored."
Caption on reverse: "Tom Kobayashi, donated $1000 to JACL-LEC Fund Drive. Committee: Cherry Kinoshita, Bob Sato, Lloyd Hara, Tomio Moriguchi."
Event: President Reagan signing the Civil Liberties Act of 1988. Caption on reverse: "Rayburn Bldg. Tak Moriuchi, John Kanda, Shig Wakamatsu, Mas Hironaka."
"Judd Bill Passed by House Unit Without Dissenting Vote" (p. 1), "Senate OK's Bill to Pay for Our Loss" (p. 1), "Tokuda's Eye Third N.W. Title as Basketball Tourney Nears; Fierce Fight for Crown Looms" (p. 1).
"U.S. Supreme Court Upholds Civil Rights of Fred Oyama in Calif. Alien Land Issue" (p. 1), "L.A. Firm Signs 7-Million Pact for Steel and Coal with Japanese" (p. 1).
"House Passes Judd's ENI Measure" (p. 1), "A Few More Queries, Replies on Evacuation Claims Law" (p. 1), "B.C. Japanese Count Days as March 31, 1949, Nears; Federal Curbs End Then" (p. 1).
"Reliance on United Nations Only Safeguard for Japan's Security, Nomura Declares" (p. 1), "Evacuation Claims Unit Selected" (p. 1).

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.490751
Retrieved Text: Australia Marine Services recently launched their 34m 3200bhp Anchor Handling Tug / Offshore Support Vessel, “A.M.S. AUSTRALIA” in Shanghai.
A.M.S. GLADSTONE nears the completion of her current work scope.
A.M.S. GLADSTONE has been at work on the WEBB DOCK PCP Maritime Project in Melbourne since 2015 and is coming to the final stages of her work scope.
A.M.S. 1803 has been on charter transporting ship block-modules between NSW and South Australia. With complex loadout and offloading operations and tight delivery schedules, the barge has performed to client’s expectation in all deliveries. The barge’s capabilities of ballastable tanks and high deck strength has ensured efficient and smooth operations for the charterer.
The A.M.S. Tugs & Barges operations team have recently completed a planned inspection on our new-build tug, A.M.S. AUSTRALIA, and she is on track for delivery for the end of 2016.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.349241
Retrieved Text: Capital and Debt Reports: I would like to thank Jennifer Evans and Jennifer Suter for their work on the Debt and Capital Reports which have been placed on the county website under the Accounting Department.
2019 Budget: The budget book is nearing completion and will be published before the newsletter is published. We are supplementing this year’s budget book with information that should make it easier to understand where our money is spent.
Student Volunteer Program: We have finished our Tennessee Scholar Volunteer program for this past summer. We appreciate Elijah Breaszale and Bailey Barding for taking time out of their summer schedule to help with filing and data entry. Elijah and Bailey are pictured below receiving her certificates.
As always, if you have any questions, please contact our office. Any staff member will be happy to serve you. Have a blessed Fall Season, and If you have any family members or friends dealing with the east coast hurricane, I hope they are safe.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.26489
Retrieved Text: In the Kentucky backwoods, hillbillies Jepson and Tully see a UFO crashland and an injured Alien stagger out. Foster is in America already and teams up with operative John Gillman to search in a Mobile. But when they find Jepson and Tully’s shack, Gillman is shot. The Alien has told them he is a top secret test pilot, and the SHADO men are foreign spies. Having successfully captured Foster, the Alien kills Tully but is attacked by a deranged Jepson. The hillbilly locks Foster in and sets fire to the shack. Foster smashes through a window and follows Jepson, who has returned to the UFO. But Foster’s approach triggers the self-destruct and Jepson is killed in the explosion.
Straker and Foster watch from a helicopter as the base nears completion. The Aliens have learned of its existence, and the construction is on full alert until operational. In the Mexican foothills near Veracruz, revolutionaries plan the overthrow of their dictator government. They have learned of a shipment of arms which they plan to steal. Meanwhile, a UFO has evaded the Interceptors and lands near the revolutionaries camp. The Alien is taken to the leader but the UFO self-destructs. The leader realises the Alien may be able to help steal the entire ship, rather than just the arms, and soon a convoy heads for the quay. Straker has been alerted, and Foster despatched to investigate. But the guerrillas have already found their target, and the Alien pilots the ship away with leader Guevanda. When Paul investigates the stolen ship

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.252277
Retrieved Text: B&W, 9.5 minutes, 35mm, 860 ft.
Cat. Refs. 1968-A; 1973 p.34; 1977 p.53.
A reflective look at the large Kb locomotives hauling heavy trains over the main line to the West Coast from Christchurch, now nearing the end of their days.
This page was last modified 12:54, 5 February 2008.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.225203
Retrieved Text: With gas prices nearing $4 per gallon nationwide and oil industry profits nearing record highs, Senators Reid, McCaskill and Menendez today proposed legislation that will repeal $21 billion dollars in corporate welfare for oil companies. Environment America policy analyst Daniel Gatti issued this statement in response.
Today, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 1230, the Restarting American Offshore Leasing Act. Reversing President Obama’s decision to cancel drilling off the coast Virginia, this bill requires leasing in a 3 million acre area at the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay, speeds up leasing in the Gulf of Mexico, and bases those leases on the flawed environmental analysis that was done prior to the BP oil spill last summer.
Today the National Research Council of the National Academies issued a new report covering states in the Chesapeake Bay watershed: “Achieving Nutrient and Sediment Reduction Goals in the Chesapeake Bay: An Evaluation of Program Strategies and Implementation.” The report analyzes the tracking and verification of water cleanup actions. The report notes that many current measures are “low-hanging fruit,” like cover crops and sewage treatment plant upgrades. Very soon, states will need to start implementing more innovative approaches.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.070148
Retrieved Text: CRANES were yesterday placing the first wind turbines on the Rhyl Flats offshore windfarm.
The 25 turbines are being mounted on top of the foundation piles which were sunk last year. Work was delayed when the first specialist assigned to the project was lost at sea last year while en route to the site.
The building work will continue day and night but owners npower said the work would not generate noise audible on shore.
Three cables, which will bring the electricity to shore from the windfarm, were laid last year.
Work on the onshore substation at Towyn is nearing completion.
It will be connected to the National Grid.
The completed turbines will be located five miles off the North Wales coast. Once operational, they will generate enough power to meet the electricity needs of around 61,000 homes and prevent the release of tonnes of carbon dioxide.
The site should be in use by the end of this year.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.868284
Retrieved Text: I can't believe we are nearing the end of March. Feels as if Spring is dragging her heels in showing herself! Snow just a few days ago, but, I guess you can expect almost any kind of weather in March - So to combat the longing, I have been painting flowers! Splashing about in all the lovely colors has helped me get through this month!
Spring has arrived even if it does not feel like it here on the East Coast.
Hope you enjoy - stop and smell a rose or a tulip even!
Looking forward to April and a new venue.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.746374
Retrieved Text: Say ‘NO’ to Child Marriage!!!
A friendly relation with family is very necessary for adolescents to ensure the personal security.
Puberty starts between 11-12 years of age for boys and 10-12 years for girls, respectively.
According to the law, the age of marriage for boys has to be 21 and for girls it has to be 18.
Venue: Sangkalpa Trust, 5th Floor, Patharghata, Barguna.
NEARS currently started new member adoption procedure. Hence, interested candidates are requested to collect the form attached here.
During puberty, the boys and girls develop numerous changes in their physical structure and mental or psychological. However, these changes are simple and natural. So, to accommodate with these changes everyone should know regarding reproductive health and the rights.
The ASRHR project of Marie Stopes Bangladesh, a member organization of NEARS observed the Menstrual Hygiene Day 2018.
The Third Annual General Meeting of NEARS was held on 7th June 2018 at Hotel Amari, Gulshan, Dhaka.
NEARS officially launched on 21st November 2017 at CIRDAP International Conference center.
On last 14th June 2017, a workshop on Orientation of NEARS website was held at NEARS Secretariat Marie Stopes Bangladesh Head Office.
©All Rights Reserved NEARS 2018.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.584187
Retrieved Text: With their current tour backed by Arctic Monkeys nearing its end and a European tour taking up the majority of the summer, The Black Keys have announced even more tour dates in support of last year's El Camino. Starting on October 1st and going till October 10th, the Ohio duo will hit seven cities throughout the West Coast and Southwest of the U.S. and will be backed up by Tegan & Sara. Check out their full tour itinerary after the jump.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.57327
Retrieved Text: The two female sailors who were rescued from their yacht by the USS Ashland in the Western Pacific are pushing back against allegations that their story may not line up with the circumstances of their voyage.
Jennifer Appel and Tasha Fuiava told their rescuers that they departed from Hawaii on May 3 for a three-week voyage to Tahiti. Shortly after getting under way, they said, their vessel was damaged in a severe, three-day storm. However, satellite imagery from the time period in question shows no evidence of a major storm system in the area. A small craft advisory was in effect at the time, but there is no record of heavy weather of the kind the women described.
In addition, the two women had an EPIRB on board, but they never activated it because "they never felt like they were truly in distress, like in a 24-hour period they were going to die,” according to a Coast Guard spokeswoman. However, they claimed that they had attempted to signal passing ships for 98 days. Additionally, scientists questioned their account of a sustained attack by tiger sharks – a species that does not normally harass boats for hours at a time. Appel contended that the sharks repeatedly rammed the sailboat's hull.
In an interview on Wednesday with Matt Lauer, the host of NBC's Today Show, Appel defended her version of events. According to Lauer, the Coast Guard had been in radio contact with a boat of the same name on June 15, and the crew of that vessel had reported that

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.549376
Retrieved Text: The first certified organic vegetable farm in Michigan (!), the assignment was to masterplan and sequence the growth of this start-up. A 10 acre parcel of land just west of Three Oaks Michigan was found, along with an original 16’x24′ frame house. This house was restored and painted white, and serves as the office and sleeping quarters for the primary staff. From this a utility/entry dogtrot link and one story kitchen/dining/porch were added, clad inside and out with galvalume, inverting the traditional red siding to accents. A long vehicle barn and greenhouse were completed as a first phase, the second phase being an exterior solar-heated washstand and a 40×60 two-story barn including quarters for seasonal staff which nears completion.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.543596
Retrieved Text: A Tribe Called Quest has returned in support of their 2016 album We Got It from Here… Thank You 4 Your Service, sharing the official aesthetic for opening track, “Space Program.” Pegged as the group’s final music video, the lengthy clip boasts a number of notable cameos from the likes of Pharrell, Erykah Badu, Common, Vince Staples, Rosario Dawson, Janelle Monáe, Alicia Keys, Anderson .Paak, and Questlove, among others.
The final music video from @ATCQ is here.
“Space Program” is directed by Warren Fu, as we find Q-Tip opening the visual, waking up on a space ship. From there, shots of riots and white supremacist slogans are interspersed within, while the Tribe later appears in a deserted field. The clip then nears a close as the ship’s oxygen reserve runs out, and ATCQ wakes up on a strange planet. The final scene ends with a dedication, featuring a selection of classic photographs.
You can watch A Tribe Called Quest’s “Space Program” video via Apple Music.
In related news, Vans is celebrating A Tribe Called Quest with a multi-sneaker collab.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.538841
Retrieved Text: Reiterating the 'pro-farmer' claim of the land bill, BJP chief Amit Shah insisted on the government's tough stance on the bill. President Pranab Mukherjee gave his nod to the re-promulgation of the land acquisition ordinance as it nears the April 5 deadline. The ordinance was to lapse on April 5 unless re-promulgated. With this, NDA legislators have got a fresh breath of life with respect to the land bill.
Shah accused Congress and its allies in Parliament are accused of spreading 'falsehoods' regarding the bill. Shah insisted party members to work for mobilising the favour of the masses in favour of the bill.
Party workers should do all they can to negate the 'anti-farmer' image of the bill being spread by Congress and its allies. The bill is a pointer towards growth and prosperity of farmers. BJP is all set to take its campaign among farmers.
BJP claims to have the mandate of farmers in India. It had a landslide victory in Lok Sabha elections.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said Congress should consider the interests of the farming community. Modi said he has lived among farmers and poor. He is in a better position to understand their problems. Farmers need to grow and develop for India to prosper.
The bill in the reformed and amended form is projected by NDA legislators to be in favour of farmers. Opposition parties are said to be playing with the emotions of farmers, given that land is an emotional issue among farmers. Land is equated with mother by the farming community.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.538021
Retrieved Text: We set off early and made a few wrong turns interpreting the map from Trollsteigen back to the coast. Two ferries and some driving later we arrived on the Atlantic Coast Road. There was so much to see but it was nearing the end of the day and we needed to find somewhere to stop that was out of the wind.
We decided to take a chance on a place we found on the map in Lysø, which was among a rocky outcrop with some protection from the wind. We didn’t’ expect some inspiring meadows (pictured).
Night was cold and wet. Morning we headed towards civilization in Kristiansund – a port town where we holed up in a hotel for a few nights to reorganize the van clean clothes at a launderette and plan the next leg of our journey.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.517544
Retrieved Text: As the West Bank village of Bil'in nears the five year anniversary of weekly nonviolent protests to save its land, the Israeli military has heightened its repression. After hundreds have been injured and one Palestinian protester killed in Bil'in, in the last two months the Israeli military has conducted nightly raids, arresting 20 residents.
Learn about the struggle in Bil'in through the documentary "Bil'in Habibti" (Bil'in My Love), by director Shai Carmel Pollack. The 2006 film records the history of the struggle in Bil'in and the experiences of Bil'in's protest organizers. It was a winner at the 2006 Jerusalem Film Festival (Best Doc) and Rotterdam 2006, Movies that Matter (Special Award).
Those arrested recently include community leaders Adeeb Abu Rahme and Mohammed Khatib Mohammed Khatib, who is featured in Bil'in Habibti, spoke in New York in 2007 as part of a national tour on Palestinian nonviolent resistance. He was arrested just weeks after returning from Canada where he was testifying in Bil'in's War Crimes suit against the Canadian companies Green Park and Green Mount that are building settlements on Bil'in's land.
The village of Bil'in has been a close partner in Adalah-NY's successful campaign to boycott Israeli settlement builder Lev Leviev. Leviev's companies are building settlement homes on Bil'in's land, on the land of the village of Jayyous, and in the settlements of Har Homa and Maale Adumim.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.502707
Retrieved Text: https://www.cnn.com/2018/11/16/us/nasa-mars-insight-landing-preview/index.html Mars InSight is coming in for a landing soon on the Red Planet For the first time in six years, a new mission is about to land on Mars. On November 26, NASA’s Mars InSight lander will touch down on the Red Planet at 3 p.m. EST.
This show just isn’t the same with so many main characters gone.
https://www.cnn.com/2018/10/02/tech/amazon-minimum-wage/index.html Amazon announces $15 minimum wage for all US employees Amazon is raising its minimum wage to $15 an hour for all US employees.
It’s sad, but I think we all saw it coming.
https://edition.cnn.com/2018/09/09/sport/djokovic-del-potro-us-open-tennis-intl-spt/index.html Djokovic beats del Potro for third US Open title, 14th major A day after a controversial US Open women’s final, Novak Djokovic beat Juan Martin del Potro in the men’s final to pick up a historic 14th Grand Slam title.
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2018/09/13/hurricane-florence-nears-coast-life-threatening-situation/1287785002/ Hurricane Florence nears coast: ‘This is a life-threatening situation’ The wind whipped, the ocean swelled onto beaches and rain began falling Thursday on the mostly deserted barrier islands off North and South Carolina.
I had a good experience with Hertz car rental. The car was almost brand new and the extended rates beyond my initial rental period were reasonable. However, be wary of their up-selling practices (roadside assistance, extra insurance, etc).
https://www.today.com/popculture/star-born-sneak-peek-see-sparks-fly-between-lady-gaga-t137016 See sparks fly between Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper in ‘A Star Is Born’ A new clip from the romantic drama reveals red-hot chemistry between the leads.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.302
Retrieved Text: One thing I have seen over the years is the constant lack of understanding of the project timeline and its effect on the budget. Over and over again I have seen CEO's, COO's, CFO's, CIO's and an array of top level executives be penny wise and dollar stupid. They only focus on the number right in front of them and not the combined costs of the delay.
For an example I am going to use a situation that was taught to me by a close friend. This was about ten years ago and I was fairly new to the whole project management thing and this really turned on the light bulb above my head, I hope it does the same for you. Let's say you are the project manager that is in charge of building a bridge. Your daily operating costs are in the area of $14 million. You have 250 workers, cranes, barges, tugboats and countless other equipment. Nearing the half way point one of your foreman informs you that they are missing a vital part. This part connects one piece of the bridge to another and without it they cannot progress any further. The cost of this part is $16,000 but the supplier is on the opposite coast. The supplier says that they can overnight it to you at a cost of $1 million. Standard delivery is 3 days @ $50,000. What do you do?
5 Reasons your employees need a Blackberry!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.210627
Retrieved Text: Fleming, R., Kelly, F. & Stillfried, G. (3915) I want to feel at home': establishing what aspects of environmental design are important to people with dementia nearing the end of life, BMC Palliative Care, pp. Jan-14.
Background: The design of environments in which people with dementia live should be understandable, reinforce personal identity and maintain their abilities. The focus on supporting people with dementia to live well has omitted considering the needs or wishes for a supportive physical environment of those who are nearing the end of their lives. Using a combination of focus groups and a Delphi survey, this study explored the views of people with dementia, family carers and professionals on what aspects of the physical environment would be important to support a good quality of life to the very end. Methods: Three focus groups were carried out in three cities along the East Coast of Australia using a discussion guide informed by a literature review. Focus groups comprised recently bereaved family carers of people with dementia (FG1), people with dementia and family carers of people with dementia (FG2) and practitioners caring for people with dementia nearing or at the end of their lives (FG3). Focus group conversations were audio-recorded with participants' consent. Audio files were transcribed verbatim and analysed thematically to identify environmental features that could contribute to achieving the goal of providing a comfortable life to the end. A list of design features derived from analysis of focus group transcripts was distributed to a range of experts in the dementia field and a

================



======= Instance Index 368 =========
Input Text: The word "shadiness" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: There's too much shadiness to take good photographs.
Sentence 2: The shadiness of their transactions.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.531555
Retrieved Text: Unusually, I didn't take too many photographs this year. I usually end up with hundreds of pictures I never look at so in once sense it's kinda good I didn't fill up my memory card too much. I've picked out some of the best photographs from the day so you can all have a little peek at my Christmas.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.448456
Retrieved Text: One of the really nice times to take photographs is at dusk, when everybody turns on their lights but there's still enough light from the sky to faintly illuminate buildings and scenery. This lets you capture the combined effects of a daytime and nighttime photograph, although you have to take a time exposure and use a tripod. Once it's fully dark, it's much harder to take a good photograph of the whole scene—you either get grossly underexposed shadows or grossly overexposed highlights, depending on your exposure setting.
A dash of moonlight helped both the mood and the illumination levels. Click on the picture to see a bigger version; use your browser's "back" command to return here.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.375418
Retrieved Text: Bruce Price : DEATH TO PHOTOSHOP!!!!!
Okay, okay, it's one of the world's great programs. Everybody says so. The problem is that too many people are taking photographs, messing with them in Photoshop and calling the results "digital art."
Enough. Let me presume to lay down the law in a completely new and lawless territory that I like to call the Digital Universe.
It's not enough if a photo is retouched or manipulated in Photoshop. Doing so is the norm now in photography. It's just silly to call the results "digital art." But almost the whole world does.
What is so wrong with calling photographs photographs? I say, if it was taken by a camera (there's a clue) and remains for the most part a representation of something in the real world that a camera was pointed at, then, what do you know, it's a photograph!
Here's my modest proposal: you must transform a photograph, using digital tools, into something substantially different from the original photograph before you can use the term "digital art."
Artists have been retouching and manipulating photographs for more than 100 years. Man Ray did dark room manipulations in the 1920s. Ansel Adams did supersharp photographs in the 1950s. Richard Avedon did those marvelous wildly colored pictures of the Beatles in the 1960s. All without benefit of digital. Isn't it a little pathetic to come along with a fancy new medium and create stuff that's not as fancy as what came before?
Digital does not need the past. Digital, I believe, is all about the future. It's about using

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.287365
Retrieved Text: What's the difference between a blog you love and a blog that inspires you? I could easily write a list of 50 blogs you should read, there's plenty of bloggers I find amazing and blogs I enjoy, but there's only a selection of blogs I find truly inspiring. To me at least, inspirational blogs are the ones I go to when I'm struggling for ideas, I can't quite choose how to take a photo or I simply can't word a sentence. These blogs are the ones that inspire me to blog just by existing.
The reason I'm writing this post is because I went straight to her blog for some refreshing ideas yet instead of taking inspiration I thought about writing this post instead. Corrie seemingly writes about everything, she has witty posts full of GIFS, fantastic product reviews, great YouTube videos and even some great fashion tips, a real all rounder with a bubbly personality to match.
Lily is a blogger I admire along with I presume, many others. There's a bit of everything on her blog making it perfect for post ideas, but I also love how she writes with, sometimes it's nice to just read through well written posts before attempting to write your own.
I kind of believe Lily and Vivianna come as a pair, they're best friends and their blogs are very sisterly. Just like Lily's I go to her blog for post inspiration, I also love some of her post titles.
I'm pretty sure Kate's been mentioned a billion amount of times on my

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.117155
Retrieved Text: There's an interesting story about the death certificate included with this website, and pictured in the book. The image is a scan of a photocopy of Kennedy’s death certificate, dated Nov. 26, 1964. However, seemingly falling in line with the rest of the shadiness of practically all the data surrounding JFK’s assassination, the date in the official stamp at the bottom of the document appears as though someone, at some time in the past, has altered it. No kidding! Look closely.
And that's not all. While I was in the final two years of writing The Scrapbook Lecture, the photocopy of the death certificate was found in a lock box at the bottom of a closet that belonged to a veteran relative of mine that had recently passed away. The lock box had been tucked away behind and under other boxes that were placed there when he had moved into the house, many years ago. Why did he have it? Why had it been altered?
Another mystery, and no way to solve it.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.99461
Retrieved Text: 12 Feet Deep: Trapped Sisters (S2E12) | Mother, May I Sleep With Podcast?
This week, Molls invites actor and writer Ted Travelstead to take a dive off the deep end with her (yes, pun intended) to discuss 12 Feet Deep: Trapped Sisters.
Molls and Ted talk about how they personally would handle the situation at hand, why someone would stay to finish their shift after being told they were fired and the general shadiness of the janitor. Stick around to hear how the movie ends and to see where this landed on our rating scale.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.673586
Retrieved Text: I really like to take photographs. I find joy by creating new photographs everyday. In according to me the best way to be less depressed and also to seek happiness is to take photographs. This is why I use to shoot everyday.
Shoot with a mobile phone. Mobile phones have got good image quality and are lighter than many heavier real cameras out there. With a phone I’ve the opportunity to shoot a lot without thinking too much.
Walk a lot. By walking a lot I’ve the opportunity to discover new places in my city. By exploring new zones I’ve the opportunity to take lot of photographs. I just look around and shoot.
Shoot different. When I use to shoot with the same “style”, I get bored. So, as a way to shoot more I use to shoot different and experiment with something new.
I use to shoot everyday even if I don’t use to share all my pictures on my blog or social media. I share only the best, in according to me. For this reason I post always the same pictures. But, by shooting everyday, I’ve the opportunity to improve to take good pictures. I must just keep shooting, because every photograph I take is an attempt to make good photos.
Excellent advice for everyone to never lose the joy of photography. Excellent image with a mobile phone. Thank you for sharing.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.57223
Retrieved Text: ...Photographic Ramblings...: Use That Flat Light!
We're told there's several things we need to avoid to achieve better photographs. Don't crowd a photo with too much info. Don't put your subject directly in the center of the photo. And avoid flat, grey light. But as with every general principle or guideline, there are always times to use the very things we try to avoid.
Take the images from today's post. They were all taken during flat lighting conditions. And thank goodness. In solid cloud cover, colours in nature stay true due to little or no reflection from the sun, they seem additionally saturated, and deep shadow was never a concern, allowing me to make a correct exposure and worry more about composition and vision, especially in the first image of the close up of the driftwood.
I'm wary of only ever shooting in ideal conditions, you should be able to capture the magic, or a story,or the vision no matter what conditions are out there. I challenge you to see what happens when the wrong conditions are the right ones... start with using that flat light as a tool in your photo arsenal!
Feel free to click on each low res image to view the larger version, and thanks for the Ramble folks! Have a good one!
What You See Is What We Get!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.571972
Retrieved Text: Reeds are here all year round but when bushes die back and green fades out of the landscape they come into their own.
- and they won't stand still. It has been very windy recently. Indeed, to take these pictures it was, at times, hard to stand still, the wind was buffeting so much. They are being blown sideways - and I am too. Weather is contrary. Clouds are coming from the north but wind from the west. This means it is not too cold. An east wind is the coldest here.
It comes blasting up the English Channel. The coast you see is the south coast of Dorset - heading from Weymouth to Kimmeridge and Lulworth.
Photographs taken on the 2nd and 5th of January 2012.
I'm at sea with botanical names. Is Phragmites Communis the same as Phragmites australis?
More lovely pictures Lucy, thank you. I'm no good with the names either so can't help I'm afraid.
Hello Toffeeapple. I'm glad visitors to this blog tolerate my general ignorance! I've been Googling and reading and getting no-where and decided, in the end, to post the post. After all, they are lovely plants - whatever they are called!
These photos are gorgeous, Lucy!
Well, despite the wind, you have managed to get some great photos. My camera has a setting for Sport / Action shots, which would probably have been suitable!
Thanks Barbee - and Happy New Year!
Hello Mark. There's great advantage in being able to take lots of photos with a digital camera so one can use the pictures which 'snapped' between gusts.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.465418
Retrieved Text: Lounge under cool shadiness, on even the hottest days, with our state-of-the-art SailShade. (500 x 500 x 500 cm Triangle Sunshade) This Sail Shade is the 500x500x500 triangular option, we also have a smaller 360x360x360cm triangle, a 360x360cm square Sail Shade and a larger 500x500cm square Sail Shade.
Not to be confused with some of the thin, cheap copies out there. Designed in Australia, the Sailshade or ‘Solar Sail’ was made to allow Ozzies to sit outside at the height of their baking summertime. Made from a tough space-age material called Duralon ®, which is shrink and stretch proof, the Sailshade allows cool breezes through while keeping hot air out all summer long. However, due to the fabric being a breathable mesh fabric the SailShade isn’t waterproof.
Made in the same sand-colour as our Bell Tents, the SailShade takes minutes to put up. Simply attach ropes or plug in poles to any of the stainless-steel eyelets, stretch and position until the fabric of the SailShade is taut, and you’re good to go. Originally designed to be a semi-permanent awning attached to houses above patios, the SailShade is equally well suited to pitching near your Bell Tent.
The triangular shape isn’t just cool looking – it’s actually very clever - perfect for stretching across garden corners, over roof-terraces, or down from the high-branches of an oak tree.
Blocks up to 90% of UV rays.
Shrink & Stretch-proof Duralon ® Fabric.
Lounge under cool shadiness, on even the hottest days, with our state-of-the-art SailShade. (500 x 5..

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.274414
Retrieved Text: 12 Feet Deep: Trapped Sisters (S2E12) | Mother, May I Sleep With Podcast?
This week, Molls invites actor and writer Ted Travelstead to take a dive off the deep end with her (yes, pun intended) to discuss 12 Feet Deep: Trapped Sisters.
Molls and Ted talk about how they personally would handle the situation at hand, why someone would stay to finish their shift after being told they were fired and the general shadiness of the janitor. Stick around to hear how the movie ends and to see where this landed on our rating scale.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.228806
Retrieved Text: I take a lot of landscape photographs. Panoramic, far, near, close-ups, it doesn't matter. I'm a photo junkie. Just ask my wife who always complains that we have more shots of trees than relatives when we travel!
I paint from life en plein air and I also paint from photographs as I noted in an earlier post. When I shoot a scene I try to compose the best shot in the viewfinder so that any future composition is "ready made" but there are exceptions to this and they have to do with cropping a photo on your computer.
I look at enlarged shots on my computer screen to not only see details but to see if there is another picture inside the larger one just waiting to get out.
Making the best use of a photograph.
Using a simple photo editor I can crop out select areas of a photo to see if it makes a good composition. For example in this photo I took a small area, cropped it and then enlarged.
It has the makings of a cool painting - single focal point, good use of negative space and a strong foreground. It so happens that the original photo is a much broader shot. It has a lot of character and unique elements and the two photos are good subjects. Here's the full shot.
Judicious cropping can solve a number of composition issues. Let's say you really like a possible subject and take what you think is a great shot of a great looking tree, as shown below but on

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.19328
Retrieved Text: Thinking face emoji for days.
Following his cryptic late-night tweet of the quizzical emoji, Joe Jonas has stepped up his shadiness even further with this gem: "Always fun writing a song that's gonna piss someone off." You didn't, Joe! Just kidding, he did.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.09698
Retrieved Text: Victoria Hillman Nature Photography: Is It So Hard To Be A Responsible Photographer?
Is It So Hard To Be A Responsible Photographer?
As more and more people pick up phones and cameras to record and photograph nature it seems that common sense with regards to being responsible has gone out the window. I think it is wonderful that so many people want to go out and experience nature, record it and take photographs but is nature suffering as a result?
This is something I think about a lot and have heard stories from all over regarding lots of different species although it mainly seems to be plants. There seems to be a drive to get photographs of particular species and it has kind of become like photographic trophy hunting but in amongst people trying to get shots or maybe get a better shot than a friend our delicate wild flowers are being trampled and damaged and this is true of both those that take photographs for a hobby and professional photographers, although arguably the latter should know better.
At this time of year my thoughts turn to bluebells in particular, one of our much loved wild flowers and a real delight to see them carpeting our ancient woodlands in spring, but for how much longer? These flowers are incredibly delicate and the wonderful carpets we see in the spring time have taken years and years to develop taking between 5-7 years to flower from seed . So what damage does straying off the path, taking your child or pet into

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.066214
Retrieved Text: My work is about three things ... Passion Precision and Pride.
My name is Sheona Beach and I'd love to invite you into my home so we can talk about creating the wedding photos of your dreams; I will guide you through the process. The honour of being your photographer motivates me to develop a trusting relationship with you. I see beauty in everyone I meet and I will do whatever it takes to ensure you are delighted with your photographs.
Later, when you look at your wedding images, I want you to be reminded of how loved you are. I want your memories to have so much meaning for you and your family.
How much should you spend on wedding photographs in Brisbane or the Sunshine Coast?
That's a great question. You could easily say "How much should I spend on my honeymoon?" With a honeymoon, it's about the experience you want to have, isn't it? The amount you pay has an impact on this experience. Whether it's a five star fortnight in Paris or a week in a caravan park in Cairns. There's a big difference, but you will choose what makes you happy, and fits your budget. Neither is right or wrong.
It's the same for wedding photography. There's also a HUGE difference in wedding photographers. Most likely you've been on a holiday before, but have you ever hired a wedding photographer? Maybe not. So, some people really can make mistakes when they select a wedding photographer based on price alone. All photographers, like all holidays, are NOT

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.042599
Retrieved Text: If your walls could talk, what stories would they tell or would they be silent?
"I have so many photographs of my oldest child, but I hardly have any of my younger children."
"I wish I would have taken more family photographs that included the parents and grandparents."
"I'll just wait until I lose some weight."
Procrastinating is easy. The truth is that life doesn't pause for us to lose weight or give us extra time to take family portraits. We are only given so much time.
I've been thrilled with the recent increase of families that are including grandparents in their family sessions! I hope this trend continues because I truly believe these photographs will be cherished for YEARS to come.
I've also made it a point to have parents get in a few of the poses with their children, as well as have parents take a few photographs with one another. Many couples haven't had their photograph taken since their wedding!
Below is a guide so that there are no regrets later. It's not a program. There's no contract to sign. Just have your family photographed!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.981377
Retrieved Text: Lounge under cool shadiness, on even the hottest days, with our state-of-the-art SailShade. (500 x 500 x 500 cm Triangle Sunshade) This Sail Shade is the 500x500x500 triangular option, we also have a smaller 360x360x360cm triangle, a 360x360cm square Sail Shade and a larger 500x500cm square Sail Shade.
Not to be confused with some of the thin, cheap copies out there. Designed in Australia, the Sailshade or ‘Solar Sail’ was made to allow Ozzies to sit outside at the height of their baking summertime. Made from a tough space-age material called Duralon ®, which is shrink and stretch proof, the Sailshade allows cool breezes through while keeping hot air out all summer long. However, due to the fabric being a breathable mesh fabric the SailShade isn’t waterproof.
Made in the same sand-colour as our Bell Tents, the SailShade takes minutes to put up. Simply attach ropes or plug in poles to any of the stainless-steel eyelets, stretch and position until the fabric of the SailShade is taut, and you’re good to go. Originally designed to be a semi-permanent awning attached to houses above patios, the SailShade is equally well suited to pitching near your Bell Tent.
The triangular shape isn’t just cool looking – it’s actually very clever - perfect for stretching across garden corners, over roof-terraces, or down from the high-branches of an oak tree.
Blocks up to 90% of UV rays.
Shrink & Stretch-proof Duralon ® Fabric.
Lounge under cool shadiness, on even the hottest days, with our state-of-the-art SailShade. (500 x 5..

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.861725
Retrieved Text: Thinking face emoji for days.
Following his cryptic late-night tweet of the quizzical emoji, Joe Jonas has stepped up his shadiness even further with this gem: "Always fun writing a song that's gonna piss someone off." You didn't, Joe! Just kidding, he did.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.807526
Retrieved Text: So sorry, Edgar... take care of yourself and bid the bug farewell soon as you can. Hot toddies often do the trick.
Oh my, it's that time of year. The horrible virus is everywhere - there's no escape.
Oh I know.Have been down with the flu for 15 days (all the holidays off school).Get well soon.AriadnefromGreece!
Take care Edgar. There's an awfully nasty bug going around.
Oh dear ! Edgar I hope you feel much better soon! And I do hope it's not that darn flu that's going around! Sending you healthy thoughts!
I hope it is a short-lived affliction, Edgar and you are feeling better soon.
Oh no... The germs have certainly made you look different Edgar! Lol ....get well soon.
We have the nasty up here too. I have coughed so much!! UG! Take good care and sty nice and warm.
Sorry you're puny! Something is going around and everyone's got it!
Take special care, Edgar, there's a lot of bad bugs out there this year!
Take care, and do some binge watching..me I usually choose Doctor Who with David Tennent. I always feel better watching him , so sweet and usually fun. Although a few years ago when I was under the weather I watched all of Upstairs Downstairs , that was fun too. I miss good tv shows no violence or swearing, just great stories, the good old days. Edgar be well .

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.731358
Retrieved Text: We all remember being bored at the family portraits during childhood. Yes, us too - and we love photography! But looking back, aren't these some of your favorite photographs now? More often than not, family portraits become our method of choice to remind us of those who are no longer with us. To recall a time when family members could still reunite in a place, instead of being spread around the country. There's something for everyone in family portraits. Take yours today! Royal Photos, in Maui, is always available to take a special family portrait for you.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.592659
Retrieved Text: (Via Adorama and Mark Wallace)There's a certain feeling to being out away from the city lights with your camera that only those who have tried it will understand. There's also a certain quality to photographs taken by moon and starlight that can't be duplicated any other way. Getting those unique shots without firing a flash takes some preparation and patience.
First of all, it's pretty obvious that you're going to need a light source to find your way around in the dark, set up your equipment and adjust your camera. A flashlight will get the job done, but since most of us work better with both hands, a comfortable headlamp is a good idea.
Second, you're going to need a good, solid tripod,because you're going to be working with some very long exposure times.
Third, you'll need a remote shutter release. While you can get the job done with a simple remote release and a watch or the built-in timer on your camera, there are some very good, inexpensive timed shutter releases on the market now that will make the job much easier.
Focusing is going to be a problem in the dark, but it's going to be even more challenging for your camera's AF system, so switch it off. If your lens has image stabilization, you'll want to turn it off, too.
Obviously, getting the exposure right is the greatest challenge for moonlight shots. While you may be tempted to shoot in aperture priority or shutter priority mode, selecting full manual exposure is going to give you the best results.
Test

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.584686
Retrieved Text: phpBB • Micropayments For Threads?
I participate in way too many forums but don't actually own any forum myself. On one of the forums that I participate on I started a thread where I promoted the idea of members being able to allocate a penny or two...or twenty... to threads or posts that they really like. It turns out that most members are against the idea for one reason or another.
But I do really love the idea of micropayments! So I started wondering how difficult it would be to start my own forum... which is how I ended up here.
It doesn't seem like it would be too crazy difficult to start my own forum... but it would certainly require some time/money/effort to do so.
It's always preferable to avoid needlessly reinventing the wheel... so would any of you who already have your own forums be interested in testing out micropayments?
A member paypals you, say, $10 dollars. You update his forum "wallet" (FW) accordingly. If the member likes my thread, then he clicks the penny button and a penny is transferred from his FW to mine. When there are enough pennies in my FW, then I can request a withdrawal. You'd take your cut, paypal me the rest and update my FW accordingly.
I'm sure that I'm forgetting a few steps.
So are any of you interested in experimenting with micropayments? Or am I going to have to reinvent the wheel to test this idea out? If so... any tips or suggestions?
The goal would be test the most bare bones model.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.542284
Retrieved Text: Following my recent presentation about food photography techniques at Chef’s Knowledge Exchange organised by Unilever in October, I decided it would be a good idea to upload some food photography techniques on our news blog for a wider audience.
Food photography is one of the most challenging types of photography. These days millions of food photographs are uploaded on the internet, some are great and some are not so good. Whether you are a chef, food stylist or a blogger, the following 8 tips will help you take better food photographs.
1- Use natural light - Make use of natural light, the light could be from a window or, weather permitting, shoot outdoors. If too much light is reflected on your subject, defuse it with a white sheet of paper or a sheet of white linen. On the other hand if there is not enough light, use a tripod and take your shot with a slow shutter speed. You will be amazed how much light you can capture in low light.
Natural light is used for both images.
2- Think about the angle of your shot - Position the camera at an angle that makes the food more enticing and interesting. Decide whether the food looks better from above, front or the side.
3- Pay attention to every detail of the shot - Think carefully about the composition. Clear clutter, use fresh ingredients and choose your props carefully.
Every detail of this shot has been carefully considered.
4- Take images with shallow depth of field - If appropriate, open up the aperture and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.52152
Retrieved Text: Never mind the reported shadiness of the organization, which the article goes into but is really beside the point. The point is Obama’s brother gets the fast track, and — beyond that — is improperly back-dated, while groups the left doesn’t like get the shaft.
This entry was posted on Thursday, June 6th, 2013 at 10:38 am and is filed under Political.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.49447
Retrieved Text: Since I had only housework-type chores to do today, I escaped mid-morning for an hour to see if I couldn’t take a few photographs of 64SAINT next to some fall colors. Let’s put it like this: I was a smidge too late and most of the colors have yellowed too much already. Or the leaves have already fallen. So, only a couple of good shots.
A slightly different angle after I pushed the car back a little.
Maybe next year, I’ll do better at going out mid-September instead of mid-October.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.403149
Retrieved Text: This song has been all sorts of running rampant through my mind this week, so it's only right to go ahead and talk about it a smidge. Y'all know I loved Cut Copy's latest record, Haiku From Zero, and "Black Rainbows" can be found on said record. It's the kind of song these Aussies do best; sinuously prismatic, glossy-but-not-too-much dancefloor dynamism. As with so many of their songs, it also happens to be impossibly addictive.
The song's video is chock-a-block with all sorts of images (hand-drawn, photographs, live action, video game...) that work together in an endless loop of movement. There's so much going on that it's almost overwhelming, and yet it all works. And works with the song. And yes, there's a rainbow or two thrown in.
Cut Copy also happens to be on the road here in the US as we speak. Some of you lucky people are in their path - make sure you check the dates below, and go see these dudes if you're in their path.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.391552
Retrieved Text: Pinball machines are beautiful objects. Bright lights and colors, reflections and shadows, special artwork with lots of details that look great when viewed in closeup: pinball machines and especially their playfields and backglasses are good subjects to make photographs off. Or even drawings or paintings, as a lot of people will probably already have seen the paintings by Charles Bell.
Most people that are interested in pinball machines look in amazement to these works of fine art, or the nice photographs by Kevin Tiell and PinballReviews.com and think they could never create anything like that themselves and you need a very expensive setup for this.
This is only partially true. You do need some knowledge about how to take a photograph (more than just aim and press the button). Having good photoshop skills may also help a lot if you want to create spectacular artwork. A more expensive camera will give you better looking restuls, but even with a normal point-and-shoot camera you are able to take quality pinball pictures that you can be proud off and that won't look bad framed at the walls of your gameroom ! OK for some special shots you'll need something special like a wide-angle or macro lens, but it's not that because you only have a point-and-shoot camera, you cannot take any great looking pictures at all !
Even if you're not interested in the artistic part of pinball, good pictures will help you when selling a game on ebay. Especially if it's really in such mint condition as you say and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.3372
Retrieved Text: Never mind the reported shadiness of the organization, which the article goes into but is really beside the point. The point is Obama’s brother gets the fast track, and — beyond that — is improperly back-dated, while groups the left doesn’t like get the shaft.
This entry was posted on Thursday, June 6th, 2013 at 10:38 am and is filed under Political.	You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.330225
Retrieved Text: Oh dear, after the heartbreak of losing my perennial fave, glamour toad and all round Southern charmer the Ginger Minj, it's hard to know who to go for now! So many talented queens on RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars! I think I might now be firmly in Lasky's corner tho after Ms. Edwards shadiness, I mean, what she did was not against the rules but it sure left a Bitter Betty taste in my mouth!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.263624
Retrieved Text: Today, I'm presenting you a short restaurant review of Berlin's Little Tibet. How come? Well, I thought that once in a while I would like to show you my favorite eat-outs and give you new ideas where to go. So, whenever there's no recipe on fridays, there will be an 'Eat-Out'-Review.
Additonally I've thought that adding it all up, I'd have 52 recipes a year if I post every friday, a bit too much right? Yes! Sooner or later I'd start having a separate blog for just my recipes =D Haha, who knows..
When entering the restaurant you'll realize that it's really calm and relaxing, making you feel immediately content. Unfortunately I couldn't take pictures of the interior, but there are photographs of Tibet all over the rooms and traditional Asian furniture in the colours red and brown. It's really cozy in there and the waitresses were super friendly, wearing an unusal long gown for work.
So, whenever you're in Berlin, it's located on the Gneisenaustraße, go there and taste yourself, definitely worth it! The atmosphere, the kind waitresses and this rich Tibetan food, very appealing to me!

================



======= Instance Index 515 =========
Input Text: The word "heritage" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: The world's heritage of knowledge.
Sentence 2: A heritage of freedom.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.5701
Retrieved Text: Knowledge of French cooking has contributed significantly to Western cuisines. Its criteria are used widely in Western cookery school boards and culinary education. In November 2010, French gastronomy was added by the UNESCO to its lists of the world's "intangible cultural heritage"

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.335793
Retrieved Text: Founded in 1846, the Smithsonian is the world's largest museum and research complex, consisting of 19 museums and galleries, the National Zoological Park and nine research facilities. Our vision is to shape the future by preserving our heritage, discovering new knowledge, and sharing our resources with the world. Our values are to explore and bring to light new knowledge and ideas, and better ways of doing business; instill our work with imagination and innovation; deliver the highest-quality products and services in all endeavors; capitalize on the richness inherent in differences; carry out all our work with the greatest responsibility and accountability; and be of benefit to the public and our stakeholders.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.016552
Retrieved Text: This film introduces CyArk, a project of the Kacyra Family Foundation that is preserving the world's most valued cultural heritage sites in three-dimensional digital form. Realizing that World Heritage Sites steadily undergo decay, the CyArk team has set about to use the latest laser-scanning technology to collect the most accurate 3D models possible from these sites and store them safely in a publicly accessible archive. This introduction covers the threats to the world's cultural heritage, describes the technology used and explains the CyArk strategy.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.014755
Retrieved Text: AECOM is a place where you can put your innovative thinking and business skills into high gear and work alongside other highly intelligent and motivated people. It's a place where you can apply your skills to some of the world's most challenging, interesting, and meaningful projects. It's a place that values the diversity of our areas of practice and our people. It's what makes AECOM a great place to work and grow.
In joining AECOM’s heritage team you will be working alongside heritage professionals with a wealth of experience working on schemes across the UK and further afield. Our team is drawn from people with varying backgrounds; in archaeology, conservation management, planning, and the public sector. We are looking for an individual who can join our diverse team and bring their own distinctive approach to the historic environment. The candidate will deliver expert advice on the historic built environment, providing practical advice on urban design, master planning and adaptation in line with AECOM’s vision. The candidate will also be provided with the opportunity to collaborate on high profile projects as part of multidisciplinary design and engineering teams and will be expected to contribute to small and large scale projects including listed building consent applications, writing heritage statements and producing chapters which contribute to EIA. As such we are looking for a positive and proactive individual with a sound knowledge base and understanding of the planning framework and heritage significance, and with proven experience in working within the heritage industry, bringing with them the ability to work independently

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.556187
Retrieved Text: This World Heritage Youth Forum from 23-28 November 2000 in Cairns, Australia, was the first such forum to be held in the Pacific region. This enabled a unique Pacific focus with students and teachers from 14 Pacific nations and East Timor participating in the Youth Forum and the simultaneous Associated Schools Project Network (ASPnet) Pacific region meeting.
The Forum concentrated on the environment and World Heritage and the ways that young people can contribute to the conservation of places outstanding universal value.
Due to the connection between the World Heritage Committee meeting and the Pacific World Heritage Youth Forum, there was a great deal of sharing and two-way learning; World Heritage Committee members learnt about the views and concerns of young people and the students were able to benefit from the experience and knowledge of representatives from the World Heritage Committee, the World Heritage Centre and the advisory bodies IUCN and ICOMOS. This was one of the most exciting elements of the Youth Forum.
During the Youth Forum the students learnt much about the many different cultures of the pacific region, about heritage places in their own lands and oceans and in those of their new friends. Special highlights of the Youth Forum were visits into the Wet Tropics World Heritage Area and to Fitzroy Island on the Great Barrier Reef. Another highlight was meeting members of the World Heritage Committee and its advisory bodies, IUCN and ICOMOS, to discuss World Heritage and the World Heritage Conventions.
At the Youth Forum students increased their environmental awareness and became keen to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.349312
Retrieved Text: The Institute is renowned as one of the world's leading centres of expertise for research and teaching in the fields of Museum Studies, Conservation, Cultural Heritage Studies, and Public Archaeology.
Staff and students working in these areas comprise the Institute’s Heritage Studies section.
This is a strongly interdisciplinary area of study and the section brings together scholars from a wide range of academic and professional backgrounds, including anthropology, archaeology, conservation, curatorship, heritage management, museum education, and material culture studies. In keeping with other areas of expertise within the Institute, the section promotes a global and cross-cultural perspective, with staff and students currently working in North and West Africa, the Middle East, South America, Central Asia, and the Pacific, as well as in Europe.
The concerns of the Heritage Studies section embrace both issues of professional practice - for example in heritage resource management, conservation science, or museum communication - and critical academic engagement, bridging theory and practice. Thus our work ranges from the ethnographic study of cultural memory and historical consciousness, for example, through to investigations of the social role of museums, the use of heritage in international development, the public interpretation of the past, the ethics of conservation, and the global trade in antiquities.
Working closely with colleagues in the World Archaeology and Archaeological Sciences sections of the Institute, and networked through the UCL Centre for Critical Heritage Studies, UCL Centre for Digital Humanities, UCL Culture and other colleagues and organisations, the Heritage Studies section brings together a vibrant community of researchers, teachers and practitioners.
We also play a significant

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.27406
Retrieved Text: Pretoria, 30 June 2018. A SA Heritage and Tourism festival which will take place from 14-16 September at the Voortrekker Monument and Freedom Park sites is proudly announced by the management of the Voortrekker Monument, Freedom Park and the Department of Art and Culture.
The festival is aimed at heritage and tourism projects and activities. According to the organiser, Ms Margaret Mouton, heritage tourism builds sustainable development and job creation while communities make their surroundings more attractive. The festival would like to create a platform between the tourism industry and heritage sites and in doing so, conserve the beautiful heritage sites in Tshwane by involving communities in a sustainable manner.
A wide variety of family activities will take place and the organisers hope to make this an annual event. There will be stalls with crafts, food stalls selling indigenous food, a children’s area. A potjiekos competition, tourism exhibitions and presentations, entertainment on both sites by various artists, cultural dances and a whole lot more. Visitors can also take part in a 10km walk or a bicycle race. Pre booked tours for both sites will be presented exclusively on 14 September. Come and enjoy three days packed with entertainment, knowledge and history.
The Department of Art & Culture contributes extensively to SA Tourism, especially to heritage sites. According to Ms Jane Mufamadi, CEO of Freedom Park, Freedom Park is the only heritage site which interprets history by storytelling which connects with their educational programmes. Ms Cecilia Kruger, Managing Director of the Voortrekker Monument said that the festival is one of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.03835
Retrieved Text: One of the world's newest countries, Eritrea, is celebrating its independece day. It isn't on many travel itineraries, but those who do go will find one of the world's highest capital cities, Asmara, currently on Unesco's "tentative" list of future World Heritage Sites.
Here we look at the world's 35 "newest" countries, all of who gained or regained their sovereignty in the last 35 years. How many have you visited?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.0323
Retrieved Text: 4k00:10Colorful lanterns spread light on the old street of Hoi An Ancient Town - UNESCO World Heritage Site. Vietnam.
4k00:12Night view of busy street in Hoi An, Vietnam. Hoi An is the World's Cultural heritage site, famous for mixed cultures and architecture.
4k00:09Silk lanterns on the walking streets in old town Hoi An , Vietnam - UNESCO World Heritage Site. Vietnam.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.942677
Retrieved Text: Lloyd's Register provides high-quality inspection and certification services for the manufacturing industry of India.
With our main office in Mumbai, we have surveyors stationed across India to provide fast service and expert technical information.
Rely on our professional and technical expertise to provide independent assessment against international standards and schemes, or against the custom inspection test plans of end users and asset operators.
Why choose Lloyd's Register India?
Our surveyors don't simply issue a certificate or stamp a drawing, they bring expertise and a high level of training to every job, sharing their knowledge along the way.
As the world's first classification body, our heritage is a culture of independence, accountability, quality service and unwavering standards. The brand of Lloyd's Register communicates quality to your customers and stakeholders.
We deliver local inspection services, backed by a global team of thousands of surveyors and engineers covering 186 countries.
We make decisions free of commercial or political pressure. Lloyd's Register has grown for more than 250 years without the help of shareholders, a key pillar of our commitment to a safer world.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.928448
Retrieved Text: Viewings are available by appointment only.
The Wood Library-Museum of Anesthesiology (WLM) ranks among the world's most extensive, premier collections devoted to history of anesthesia and the profession of anesthesiology. Housed in the headquarters building of the American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA), the WLM also serves as an active, specialized medical library.
The Mission of the Wood Library-Museum of Anesthesiology (WLM) is to "Advance the Profession of Anesthesiology by Preserving and Sharing its Heritage and Knowledge."
The establishment of the Wood Library-Museum was based on the personal collection of its founder, Dr. Paul M. Wood. In the early 1930s, Dr. Wood formally presented his personal library-museum to the American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA). The naming of the Wood Library-Museum of Anesthesiology coincided with Dr. Wood's appointment by the Society as permanent librarian-curator.
Private tours are available by appointment only.
The WLM is governed by a Board of Trustees of nine anesthesiologists who collectively envision growth with a completely integrated collection of books, multimedia materials, rare books, current literature and artifacts.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.83539
Retrieved Text: We combine tuition by renowned international academics with practical application in one of the world's most important heritage sites. This gives you hands-on experience and an in-depth understanding of the issues involved in heritage management.
"I learned a lot through the various courses and teaching styles."
Our postgraduate centre in Athens aims to promote best practice in heritage management through research and teaching with a practical focus.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.741837
Retrieved Text: Mr. Anthony B. Kim researches international economic issues at the Heritage Foundation, with a focus on economic freedom and free trade. As senior policy analyst for economic freedom, Kim has primary responsibil- ity for coordinating research and production for the annual Index of Economic Freedom. Kim is co-editor of the Index, which Heritage publishes in partnership with The Wall Street Journal. His opinion pieces have been published by The Wall Street Journal’s Asia edition, The New York Post, The Washington Times, and others.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.59824
Retrieved Text: We were honored to help in the rebranding efforts of the world's most popular roleplaying game Dungeons and Dragons. And arguably the world's most popular ampersand as well. Our challenge was to develop an iconic brand mark that embraced the heritage of the game and firmly established it for new generations moving forward. We slayed the dragon as it were.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.52413
Retrieved Text: One has to see the magnificent Thracian treasures, the remnants of the monumental but beautiful work of the Greek, and the Roman cities in order to understand why Bulgaria became the cradle of Slav culture.
For thirteen centuries the Bulgarians have been creating literature, art, and music. Bulgarian culture has given the world people of great achievements, unparalleled in history.
During the 14th century the medieval Orthodox Christian composer and singer, John Koukouzel - The Angel-voiced, carried out a reform in Eastern Orthodox church music. At the same time, unknown painters created masterpieces which have become part of the UNESCO list of World Heritage.
Born from the power of tradition, modern Bulgarian culture, too, triumphs in the world. A poem of the great Bulgarian poet Hristo Botev has found a place in the Sorbonne, Boris Christoff and a whole host of Bulgarian singers have conquered the world's opera stages, "the Mystery of Bulgarian Voices" has astounded melomaniacs around the globe, and paintings of Vladimir Dimitrov-The Master can be seen in the world's finest galleries.
The Thracians have inhabited our lands for many centuries. By the 5th century BC, their presence was pervasive enough to have made the Greek chronicler Herodotus call them the second-most numerous people (after the Indians) in the known part of the world.
There is something symbolic in the fact that millennia later, the homeland of the mythical Orpheus is again attracting world attention and being talked about as the "Bulgarian musical miracle".
Now that our knowledge of the world is more comprehensive, art will not remain the same

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.477213
Retrieved Text: Many of the world's poorest people live in and around fantastic cultural heritage - heritage that is important, not just to their own identity and history but to all humanity. Heritage sites today face real danger from a number of threats, many resulting from local economic pressures. The future of the world's poor and the world's cultural heritage are in peril. Yet, there is the opportunity for them to help each other.
The Sustainable Preservation Initiative creates economic opportunities by giving communities the tools to be self-reliant, leveraging their historic sites responsibly and freeing them to thrive. Since 2010 we have led efforts to protect, for the long-term, threatened archaeological sites by empowering the people who matter most - those who co-exist daily with these places. SPI creates and develops local entrepreneurs, most often women, and cooperative businesses that utilize cultural heritage assets sustainably. The training, expert guidance, and support which SPI provides ensures that businesses have the right skills to own and grow their enterprises for many years, creating foundations for community-focused economic development and resulting in the preservation of our collective legacy.
Provide grants to existing or start-up businesses related to local cultural heritage. We provide training in essential business, organizational and product skills, expert assistance in product design and marketing, crucial infrastructure and equipment, and connect businesses to retail markets for success.
Bring disadvantaged people opportunities through leveraging the cultural heritage around them, helping release their talents and realize their dreams. This may be isolated or impoverished communities with amazing history, or women within communities who

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.46248
Retrieved Text: Patrick Tyrrell is a research coordinator in The Heritage Foundation’s Center for Data Analysis.
Politicians on the left are pushing a radical “Green New Deal,” which they say is necessary to save the environment. It wouldn’t save the environment—though it would do serious damage to our economy.
The Heritage Foundation’s 2019 Index of Economic Freedom has just been released, and once again, greater economic freedom has been shown to increase individual and societal well-being in terms of health outcomes, educational achievement, and clean natural environments.
Why Is Bernie Sanders Out to Stop Walmart?
Small business optimism, as measured by the National Federation of Independent Businesses, hit an all-time high in August, shattering a 35-year-old record.
A new metastudy by Serbian think tank Libek confirms that countries wishing to increase their economic growth—and reap the many rewards that come from doing so—need to focus on advancing the economic freedom of their people.
Google plans to launch a pre-censored search engine app in China, tailored to fit China’s strict censorship laws, according to a report in The Intercept.
Egypt’s economy is rebounding after years of economic stress and political turmoil.
The Transparency International, the Corruption Perceptions Index 2017 ranks 180 countries and territories for their perceived levels of public-sector corruption through the eyes of experts and business people in those countries.
What Propelled US Liquefied Natural Gas Boom to Second-Largest Exporter by 2022?
When Americans think of U.S. exports, many think of cars, technology, or agricultural products. Most, though, never pay a second thought to U.S. exports of liquefied natural gas.
Since 1995, The Heritage Foundation’s Index of Economic

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.447685
Retrieved Text: Freedom Park Lagos, born out of the ruins of Her Majesty’s Broad Street Prisons, was reconstructed to preserve the history and cultural heritage of the Nigerian People.Freedom Park Lagos is a National Memorial, a Historical landmark, a Cultural site & an Arts and Recreation centre. The project commemorated the 50th anniversary independence celebration in October, 2010 in remembrance of the Nation’s foremost fathers for their patriotism which ultimately led to the Nation’s Independence from colonial masters.The Freedom Park is a Heritage Site.
The new FREEDOM PARK Lagos, formerly Old Broad Street Prison; (a colonial instrument of control and oppression) is now a peaceful place for individual and collective contemplation and interaction.
Dedicated to our Heroes past.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.3923
Retrieved Text: University College Dublin is offering postgraduate courses in World Heritage Conservation which are part-time, online, distance learning courses designed to provide a professional understanding of the working of the World Heritage Convention and the processes for the inscription of and monitoring of natural and cultural heritage properties.
The Graduate Diploma and Graduate Certificate in World Heritage Conservation are accessible to people from around the world and provide a flexible learning environment to participants from any discipline interested in heritage conservation.
UCD also offers a Master's Programme in World Heritage Management, which is taught on campus in Dublin. The multi-disciplinary Master's Programme equips students with the skills to protect, manage and share some of the world's most outstanding and unique places. The course specialises in both natural and cultural heritages and applicants with a strong primary degree from any discipline are welcome to apply.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.334684
Retrieved Text: India - CIRCA 2013 - Static shot of the Taj Mahal and many people visiting.
hd00:15AGRA, INDIA 15 FEBRUARY 2018 : Tourists from India and around the world visit the Taj Mahal, Taj Mahal is a UNESCO World Heritage site in Agra.
hd00:18AGRA, INDIA 15 FEBRUARY 2018 : Tourists from India and around the world visit the Taj Mahal, Taj Mahal is a UNESCO World Heritage site in Agra.
hd00:31AGRA - NOV 10: The beautiful Taj Mahal on November 10, 2011 in Agra, India. The Taj Mahal is widely recognized as one of the universally admired masterpieces of the world's heritage.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.29416
Retrieved Text: India - CIRCA 2013 - Static shot people approaching the Agra Fort in India.
hd00:12AGRA, INDIA 15 FEBRUARY 2018 : Tourists at the entrance of Red Fort in downtown of Agra a UNESCO World Heritage site, Uttar Pradesh, India.
hd00:14DELHI, INDIA, 13 FEBRUARY 2018 : Tourists visit the Qutub Minar, Qutub minar is the world's tallest minaret with a height of 72.5 m. and its a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.265162
Retrieved Text: Derek Boyd Hankerson, Freedom Road 1, LLC Managing Partner, announced to local Historic City News reporters that VISIT FLORIDA, the state’s official source for travel planning, has awarded the organization a Small Business Partner Marketing Grant for the 2012-2013 Fiscal Year.
Freedom Road is a travel, tourism, media and production related company dedicated to American history and the contributions of minorities in that history. VISIT FLORIDA is Enterprise Florida’s day-to-day operating corporation for tourism and is a public-private partnership.
According to Chris Thompson, President for VISIT FLORIDA, the purpose of these grants is to help non-profit entities, and local governments, to expand cultural, heritage, rural and nature tourism activities in Florida.
As sponsors of the 6th Annual National Park Service Underground Railroad Conference held earlier this year, Freedom Road has been has been leading the effort to extend the Gullah-Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Project south to St Johns County. The NPS project is estimated to have a $20 million dollar economic development impact. It is the only project, of 48 “National Heritage Area Projects”, dedicated to African-Americans.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.235455
Retrieved Text: Asia is home to some of the world's oldest civilisations, as evidenced by the staggering number of Unesco World Heritage Sites in the region. According to Unesco, Asia and the Pacific have 181 cultural, 65 natural and 12 mixed World Heritage Sites. This makes up 23.6 per cent of the total, second to Europe and North America's 47.07 per cent. Ong Sor Fern shares some sites to check off your travel bucket list.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.232624
Retrieved Text: For undergraduate level World Civilization or World History courses. This comprehensive, accessible survey of world history has been extensively revised to provide an even more global and comparative perspective on the events and processes that have shaped our increasingly interdependent world. Written by leading scholars in their respective fields, Heritage of World Civilizations, 7/e, combines unusually strong and thorough coverage of the unique heritage of Asian, African, Islamic, Western, and American civilizations, while highlighting the role of the world's great religious and philosophical traditions.Craig, Albert M. is the author of 'Heritage of World Civilizations Since 1500', published 2005 under ISBN 9780131926226 and ISBN 0131926225.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.225512
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for new experiences and adventures in a naturally privileged environment? Why don't you try a dhow safari on the Eastern coast of Africa?
The Quirimbas Archipelago is increasingly becoming one of the world's most attractive tourist destinations as it has been nominated to become a UNESCO Site.
On-board a magnificent, traditional wooden dhow and under the professional supervision and knowledge of a local crew, explore the pristine Quirimbas Arquipelago tropical islands as well as its rich cultural and natural heritage.
Include activities such as snorkelling, hiking (or bicycling) and sea kayaking and add to these the comfort of two nights at Miti Miwiri boutique Hotel on Ibo Island. An Island with a fascinating ancestral history and culture and you have all the ingredients for the dhow safari of a lifetime.
The waters surrounding Ibo Island fall within a protected marine environment which is idealistic for some rare species such as sea turtle or Humpback whales which visit the region between July and November each year. It also hosts the most friendly of all, the dolphin, which include in abundance, species such as spinner, humpback and bottle nose. Other shyer species such as zambezi sharks, black and white tip sharks, ting ray, manta ray have also been spotted in the area.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.189007
Retrieved Text: Located in the Pitcairn Islands in the South Pacific, Henderson Island was designated a World Heritage Site by the UNESCO in 1988.
Situated in the South Atlantic among the Tristan da Cunha Islands, Gough Island contains one of the world's largest sea bird colonies and was designated a World Heritage Site in 1995. In 2004 the Inaccessible Islands were included in the site which is now known as the Gough and Inaccessible Islands.
In 2000 the Historic Town and Fortifications of St George on Bermuda were designated a World Heritage Site. Founded in 1612 the town of St George is the oldest English town in the New World.
In 2016 the Gorham's Cave Complex on Gibraltar was designated a World Heritage Site. The site contains evidence of Neanderthal life dating back 100,000 years.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.137495
Retrieved Text: Huffman Prairie Flying Field, a unit of the Dayton Heritage National Historical Park, is the site where Wilbur and Orville Wright flew and perfected the world's first practical airplane, the 1905 Wright Flyer III, after their first flights in Kitty Hawk, North Carolina in 1903. The Wright brothers mastered the principles of controlled, powered flight at Huffman Prairie during 1904 and 1905. From 1910 to 1915, they operated the Wright School of Aviation here, training many of the world's first pilots, including many military pilots.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.094488
Retrieved Text: Activate Africa is a network of grant-funded, staffed projects and initiatives that is aimed at accelerating the growth of communities that encourage a culture of contribution in Africa to Wikipedia and the Wikimedia projects. It creates toolkits and online courses, and uses a variety of different interventions and models to gather layers of information relating to the geographical features, demographics, heritage, culture, notable persons and other elements that make up communities across Africa.
The project takes place in many countries to encourages individuals, communities and institutions to create and contribute freely-licensed information, texts, data, images and media about their communities (villages, townships, suburbs, inner cities, so-on-and-so-forth) to an online platform.
Activate Africa was launched at Wikimania 2013 within a panel discussion (video starting 02:48) "to respond to the urgent need for Africa’s historic and contemporary reality to be truthfully represented on the world's most accessible encyclopaedia, written by those closest to it".
There are several elements to the Activating Africa project. All elements stand alone, but work to achieve the overall project's ambitions aims. The project is pan-African in scope and will transcend many cultures and languages.
Wikipedians in Residence, Malawi and Ethiopia have worked with a range of arts, heritage, media and cultural organisations in their countries, as well as working to activate and support local activities in those countries. The project was supported by the Prince Claus Fund.
Kumusha Bus - a week long tour of Open Movement Advocates to different regions within a geographic area to activate different types of interventions. Funding for the two iterations of this

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.989925
Retrieved Text: The Sustainable Preservation Initiative (SPI) seeks to save and preserve the world's cultural heritage by providing transformative and sustainable economic opportunities to poor communities in which cultural heritage sites are located. The SPI mantra is "Saving Sites by Transforming Lives." "People can't eat their history," according to University of Pennsylvania archaeologist Larry Coben, SPI's Executive Director, "we need to provide an alternative to other potential economic uses of archaeological sites, such as looting, agriculture, grazing, residential and commercial uses. That enables us to help people better their lives and gives them a powerful economic incentive to preserve our shared heritage."
SPI was incubated at the Archaeological Institute of America and the Cotsen Institute of Archaeology at UCLA as a response to the rapidly accelerating destruction of the world's global heritage. War, looting, climate change, neglect and increases in "extreme tourism" are all contributing to the massive damage to archaeological sites. Particularly in poorer communities, there is no funding for site preservation, and alternatives to archaeology are the best economic uses of sites. The problem of economically superior uses is prevalent in both more and less developed countries, from historically significant buildings in major cities razed to build condominiums, to sites looted to sell artifacts by poor local residents. The current economic crisis only exacerbates this problem.
Existing preservation paradigms have proved inadequate and unsustainable, primarily due to the absence of an economic reason for local communities to continue preserving sites after the departure of archaeologists and conservators. How can someone tell a poor person not to economically exploit

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.988505
Retrieved Text: Royal Exhibition Building Fountain at Night in Wonderful Melbourne.
This spectacular building was designed for the Melbourne International Exhibition of 1880 and today the Royal Exhibition Building and surrounding Carlton Gardens are World Heritage listed. It remains one of the world's oldest remaining exhibition pavilions. From 1901 it was home for the first Australian Commonwealth Parliament and in 2004 was the first building in Australia to attain a World Heritage listing.
The "Royal Exhibition Building Fountain at Night" Poster is a reproduction of an original photograph.

================



======= Instance Index 458 =========
Input Text: The word "longevity" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Had unusual longevity in the company.
Sentence 2: Her longevity as a star.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.614555
Retrieved Text: Star-Telegram | star-telegram.com ... HEB News · Keller Citizen · Mansfield News-Mirror · Weatherford Star-Telegram ... ddavison@star-telegram.com.
Texas Rangers starting pitcher Cole Hamels (35) pitched a complete game to close out the regular season. Jim Cowsert Special to the Star-Telegram.
Bourbon-pecan French toast on the three-day (Saturday-Sunday-Monday) brunch menu at Max's Wine Dive. Bud Kennedy bud@star-telegram.com.
SOUTHBRIDGE - Melissa Earls entering her second year as principal of the middle-high school wouldn't ordinarily be a noteworthy level of longevity.
The Daily telegram., October 02, 1915, Page PAGE NINE, Image 9 About The Daily telegram.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.607637
Retrieved Text: Mother’s Day is the time to recognize and feel gratitude towards all the women in our lives who raised us and continue to love us. Mothers are the living archetypes of the Divine Mother, Parvati. Most of the problems of the world are due to the willful downplaying of the feminine energy. The feminine represents pure, unconditional love. Mothers are guardian angels created by God to take care of you and shower her unconditional love upon you. She is the embodiment of love, mercy, beauty, intelligence, and compassion.
Express your love and respect towards your Mother by being a part of AstroVed’s special ceremonies on this Mother’s day. Honor and thank your Mother on this particular day by sponsoring food and clothes to the elderly and participating in the holy fire ritual and unique flower offering at a Kerala Powerspot in her name.
Goddess Parvati, the consort of Lord Shiva is regarded as the Universal Mother. She treats every being like her child and protects them. She is the Shakti or the power that flows within everything on earth. She is the divine feminine energy, who can build happiness and harmony in the whole universe. Gift your mother or motherly figure a sacred fire ceremony invoking the divine blessings of Parvati for her sound health, longevity, and happiness on her special day.
On this day, the Moon will be in sign Pisces transiting the star Revati, ruled by Mercury. Mother’s day is a right day to seek forgiveness from your Mother for all the hurts and strengthen your love

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.233578
Retrieved Text: It is not surprising that the Swiss sunshade manufacturer has a 117-year company history and is still as innovative as it ever was. This is partly because our founding fathers' maxim remains our philosophy today: keep your finger on the pulse and be ahead of your time! Glatz has always been conscious of its role as a pioneer. In 1895, Albert Glatz found a lucrative niche that went on to become a successful business under the leadership of his son, Albert Junior. Later, Dölf Glatz successfully develops technical solutions that find worldwide recognition. Now in its fourth generation, the company is led by Markus Glatz and has established itself as a leading supplier of sunshades and outdoor concepts for homes, gardens, hotels and restaurants in Europe and around the world.
The Swiss company Glatz was founded over 117 years ago, and has never stopped applying its incredible expertise to parasol production since then. More than a century of longevity, evidence of the rigour and the commitment that Glatz has always devoted to its parasols. But the Swiss company is not just a symbol of longevity, as it has always shown great creativity from its first days to the present. Glatz adapts to trends and makes them its own.
The history of Glatz dates back to 1895 and the decision by Albert Glatz, the company's founder, to focus on an unusual but promising sector: producing parasols. Dölf Glatz, who took over the company years later, led the Swiss firm to new levels of success thanks to innovative technical solutions

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.770063
Retrieved Text: One of Man’s biggest fascination is the concept of longevity beyond the 70 or 80 years of the typical human lifespan.
The longest verified human lifespan in recorded history is that of Jeanne Louise Calment, who passed away in her native France in 1997 at the age of 122.
However, the most unusual case of human longevity is that of Chinese resident Li Ching-Yuen (also known as Li Ching-Yun).
Li Ching-Yuen, a resident of Kaihsien, in the Province of Szechwan, started appearing in U.S. newspaper accounts in the 1920s accompanied by claims that he had been born in either 1677 or 1736. When Li Ching-Yuen finally died in 1933, at a reputed age of either 197 or 256.
Professor Wu Chung-chien, dean of the department of education in Minkuo University, had found records showing Li was born in 1677 and that the Imperial Chinese Government congratulated him on his 150th and 200th birthdays.
According to one version of The New York Times in 1928, Li’s married life had him bury twenty-three wives and claimed he was living with his twenty-fourth, a woman of 60. Another account, which in 1928 credited him with 180 living descendants, comprising eleven generations.
Unfortunately, Chinese births in 1677-1736 were poorly documented and we will never have complete assurance to this claim.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.717466
Retrieved Text: By some strange socio-linguistic quirk, it is not ever acceptable to refer to a woman as old if you know her name (although an unidentified person in the street might be thought of as an “old woman”) so one can only observe that the mighty Luise Rainer is today 100 years young. That must be really young.
While it’s tempting to attribute her longevity to getting out of the picture business while the getting was good, genes as strong as those cheekbones must also be involved, and a certain determination too. An attempted comeback in LA DOLCE VITA was thwarted when Fellini cut her scenes, and then he had the nerve to base the rather irritating movie star in EIGHT AND A HALF on Rainer, but even this can be spun into positivity: Rainer remained an inspirational figure even when not onscreen.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.111004
Retrieved Text: Chinese New Year 2019 Cantonese Greetings 2019, Wishes, Messages, Quotes, Sayings most popular.
The most popular Cantonese Chinese New Year Greetings.
Messages, Phrases, Words, Vocabulary, Quotes.
Click on play to listen to the pronunciation.
Cantonese Greetings and Sayings for the Chinese New Year.
The Fu star is generally depicted in scholar's dress, holding a scroll.
The Lu star is usually depicted in the dress of a mandarin.
Shou Star is usually seen holding the Peach of Immortality, and carrying a peach wood staff.
Fu Xing is a star that the ancient Chinese thought was in charge of agriculture in China. Today, Fu Xing is generally shown as a court official with a characteristically "winged" hat, and often with a scepter in his hand.
The Lu star is believed to be Zhang Xian who lived during the Later Shu dynasty. The word "luk" specifically refers to the salary of a government official. As such, the Lu star is the star of prosperity, rank, and influence.
This character Shou represents 'long life'. According to Chinese folklore, Longevity is described as wise, knowledgeable and capable of ruling the world. During festivals, a Chinese family normally worships the symbols or pictures of Longevity to express gratitude for granting the elders in the family a long life. This Shou statue will bring you a 'long and fruitful life'.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.938622
Retrieved Text: Camping is very popular these days, and hammocks are an essential part of it. As demand for unusual recreational activities grows, new companies enter the industry, offering innovative solutions.
The company has uploaded a promotional video showcasing the concept for the new station. The station will be placed on the orbit, where it will perform a wide array of functions.
British artist Stuart Semple has invented the blackest paint in the world, which absorbs 98% of visible light. This paint can help you create some absolutely mind-boggling effects.
The smart shower head Spa Shower 2.0 from Nebia will be created with the support of the American company Moen also focused on the faucet market. The main advantage of the product is water saving.
Good nutrition is the main component of a healthy lifestyle, the secret of longevity and wellbeing. OGarden Smart - a compact system for growing different crops right in your apartment - will help you eat only fresh vegetables.
In the winter it’s a regular snowmobile for kids, but it can transform into a scooter during the warmer months. The device, manufactured by Naseka, runs on electricity.
Artificial intelligence "ONE", created by IBM Corporation jointly with food producer McCormick & Company, has already invented several types of flavors that will reach the market this year.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.928387
Retrieved Text: Mindy Kaling has landed her very own series on Netflix that will take inspiration from her childhood.
Twitter account See What’s Next – a Netflix US account bringing fans up to date news about the streaming service – confirmed the new series on Wednesday.
So far, all we know is that Mindy has co-created the ‘coming-of-age’ series with Lang Fisher – known for her work on The Mindy Project and Brooklyn Nine Nine – and the two will serve as showrunners, as well as writing and producing the show.
It’s been inspired by Mindy’s own childhood and is ‘about the complicated life of a modern-day first generation Indian American teenage girl’.
The show’s cast is yet to be confirmed and it’s not known whether Mindy will actually star in her own series, but we’ve no doubt we can expect plenty of belly laughs that usually come hand-in-hand with the star.
News of her own series comes after Mindy penned her own comedy which is set to hit the big screen later this year.
She co-stars alongside Emma Thompson in movie Late Night that was inspired by her own time working on the US version of The Office where she was the only female writer.
In the film, Mindy stars as a writer who gets a job on Tonight with Katherine Newbury, a major TV network late-night talk show whose British female host, played by Thompson, is is doubting the longevity of her career in an era of younger male hosts who use social media and fratboy comedy.
She’s said the movie’s spirit is about

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.843658
Retrieved Text: Olivia de Havilland has been deemed the oldest and longest-lived out of the Gone With the Wind cast as she turned 102 years old this past weekend. The two-time Oscar winner has stated in an interview that she’s crazy about old age.
While the last star of the Golden Age era has not been active in the film industry since 1988, she did appear on some TV series documentaries like 60 minutes in 2012. She’s well known for her role as Melanie in the 1939 classic Gone With the Wind.
Havilland was born in Tokyo to British parents in 1916. Her mother was actually a former actress herself. Havilland also had a famous sister, Joan Fontaine, who died in 2013 at the age of 96. It’s clear there’s a lot of longevity in their family line!
Both of the sisters went on to win awards in leading actress categories. Unfortunately, due to the rivalry between the two sisters, it caused an estrangement that lasted over three decades. In addition to her performance recognition, Havilland was also appointed a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 2017 Birthday Honours for her services to drama. She received this honor just two weeks before her 101st birthday, making her the oldest woman alive to ever receive it.
Havilland has spent most of her life in Paris, since the 1950s. From there, she would go on to star in other films, TV shows, or onstage plays such as Light in the Piazza (1962), The Proud Rebel (1958), and The Screaming

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.71478
Retrieved Text: Our Star line is created with a special blend of grippy, resilient polymers. Star plastic offers the same outstanding durability of our regular Champion plastic, plus improved grip like our Pro plastic. Star discs have the same flight characteristics as Champion discs, but are slightly less firm. High performance, longevity, and superior grip make Innova Star line discs a great choice for your game. Many Star line discs are available for custom hot stamping.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.636892
Retrieved Text: Nancy Marcus has been a trailblazer since the start of her marketing career at leading companies including Phillip Morris and RJR MacDonald as one of the few female VP’s to have a seat at the Executive level. Now as Corporate Vice President of Marketing at Kruger Products (KPLP) and the only female on the KPLP Management Team for more than 15 years, Nancy has successfully contributed to the changing CPG landscape by redefining how companies embrace marketing to deliver bottom line profitability.
Her keen insights and intuition position her as a “change agent” by demonstrating how brands can talk to a consumer from a women’s perspective with intelligence and respect. By applying this strategy, she has gained prominence as a brave marketing pioneer by developing breakthrough marketing and trade strategies within the dynamic grocery environment and her credible longevity has contributed to the success of KPLP as Canada’s brand powerhouse and market leader in the consumer tissue industry.
A recipient of the 2014 WXN Top 100 Award and the Star Women in Grocery 2014 Award, Nominated for 2008 & 2018 Marketer of the Year and currently Chair of Advertising Standards Canada, Nancy has been an active and dedicated participant in the industry and community.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.550926
Retrieved Text: Sarah produces art with an intensity and emotion that draws its audience into the soul of her subject. Her monochrome portraits of international iconic figures from the past and present are subtle in their execution, and raw in their finality. Combining smooth brush strokes and soft blending with stark lines and harsh edges, she builds up to 30 layers in her pieces to create a depth of vision rarely found in such a relative newcomer to the art scene. She is an undoubted rising star, and her pieces bring with them a promise of persistence and longevity.
Sarah hides messages within her paintings which can be completely missed by the viewer, but once noticed, cannot be ignored! For example, beneath the right eye of a Native American there is an additional, smaller eye. Hidden cats lurk in the shadows and amongst many of the scrapings there are ghostly apparitions - some are instantly recognisable while others are harder to find.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.301275
Retrieved Text: The Innova Star XCaliber Ellen Widboom 2019 Tour Series distance driver is extremely fast with glide and stability. Not designed for beginning players, the XCaliber achieves maximum distance when thrown low, flat, and hard. This is the disc for confident bombs in windy conditions, with the stability to let the biggest arms throw with full power. The XCaliber is great for sidearm throwers, can handle headwinds, and throws with off axis torque. A substantial portion of each sale will benefit Ellen Widboom and her touring efforts.
Highly visible blend of grippy, resilient polymers.
Provides maximum grip, durability, and longevity.
Innova's most premium plastic blend.
Performs well in all weather conditions.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.29045
Retrieved Text: The 'Greatest White Wine Buys' for the entertaining season - as chosen by the doyen of wine - was published in the London Financial Times this past weekend.
From her annual tasting rate of close to 10,000 wines, Jancis Robinson deliberately chosen wines that are drinking well now.
Of the list of 77 white wines, only eight were South African, and only one from Elgin. The highest score allocated was 17.5. Jancis scored the Cluver Sauvignon blanc 17.
Having achieved consistent 4 star Platter rating over the last couple of years, and following Decanter recognition as the best new world Sauvignon blanc last year, this latest endorsement testifies to the Cluver commitment to ongoing excellence. Furthermore, it testifies to the longevity of Sauvignon blanc from Elgin.
In South Africa, this wine retails for R65 - R70 and can still be bought direct from the cellar.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.273966
Retrieved Text: Behrends… Am I Even Saying that Right?
Our company has a bit of an unusual name but it carries with it a long history and deeper meaning than one might think at first glance. Its pronunciation can also be a bit of a challenge and with over 60 years in the business, we have heard it all! The correct pronunciation is technically Bɑːrrɛndz or Bear –Ands. Note that the ‘H’ is silent and seems to be what trips most people up! Over the years we have heard everything from the ever-popular Brends (like Brent with a D!) to Bay-rends or even Bee-rends. It is a tricky one for sure, but don’t worry, any of our staff would be happy to help with that!
The name Behrends is actually the surname of the man who started the company – John Behrends – way back in 1952. As a surname, Behrends was first recorded in the 5th century in the area we now call Germany. It has had many different spellings over the years, but the meaning remains the same. “Behr” translates into “bear” and “ends” translates into the adjectives brave, hardy or strong. Other variations of it include Bernard, Bernucci and Bieratowicz. In England, where hereditary surnames became a tradition much earlier than the rest of Europe, Behrends became popular after the 12th Century. It gained notoriety after the canonization of two saints in the Catholic Church who bore that name. Early settlers from Behrends’ clans colonized North America from England as early as the 16th Century. Most groups

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.25558
Retrieved Text: SHAREEKA EPPS: Ever since 21-year-old Epps burst onto the big screen in 2006 with her first full-feature film Half Nelson (co-starring Oscar nominee Ryan Gosling), she has impressed audiences with her impeccable delivery and undeniable talent. after garnering several accolades, including the Independent Spirit Award for her performance in the drama, Epps went on to play a myriad of TV and film roles in Law & Order: SVU, My Soul to Take, and her heartbreaking turn in Mother and Child. This year the starlet headlines the upcoming indie drama Yelling to the Sky.
ZOE KRAVITZ: With parents like rock star Lenny Kravitz and former child star-turned-movie-star Lisa Bonet, all eyes are on their daughter to perform. Luckily Kravitz proves she's got the chops to back it up. From her quirky role as Nia in the dramedy It's Kind of a Funny Story to Pearl in the Showtime series Californication, Kravitz is sharpening her skills as actress by taking on diverse roles. Next up? The eagerly-anticipated blockbuster X-Men: First Class.
RASHIDA JONES: Few Black actresses have achieved the crossover success Jones has. Snappy comedic timing blended with heartfelt dramatic performances has catapulted Jones from simply the daughter of music icon Quincy Jonees (and, ahem, a Harvard graduate) to a bonafide movie star. If her performance in last year's The Social Network proved anything, it was that Jones is here to stay. Next up for Jones? The Sundance darling My Idiot Brother, co-starring Paul Rudd and Zooey Deschanel.
SANAA LATHAN: With a career peppered with numerous romantic comedies, Lathan has always

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.233982
Retrieved Text: Today's delivery is brought to you by Norah Jones. She recently released her album, Little Broken Hearts, and it's pretty remarkable how she's able to stay relevant in a time when our tastes tend to change so quickly. But, obviously, if bet on which artists would have longevity; Norah Jones would definitely be a safe beat. With this new album, which is produced by Danger Mouse; she goes on to take her raspy voice on a trip trough the past as she borrows the vintage sound that you might expect to hear from a movie adaptation of a pulp graphic novel. The track I'm bringing to you today is actually the titular track, "Little Broken Hearts", and you'll be rewarded with a very nostalgia inducing sound that seems as though it was recorded in an empty 1-star lounge where Norah may be singing this directly to the club's owner. It almost makes me think of a David Lynch film in regards to the images it conjures up; especially with the twangy guitar. Anyway…check out the track and chill….
You can't play this track?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.23187
Retrieved Text: Sau, the most famous of the three star gods (Fuk Luk Sau) is the God of Longevity. He is usually depicted carries with him a bottle gourd full of the nectar of Immortality, a staff, and the “fruit of immortality”, the peach. He is often seen in homes across Asia, as he brings health and wellbeing to all family members. Place Sau at around eye level, and he will provide the entire family with a happy and long life.
The Wu Lou (the “bottle gourd” in English) is an important symbol of longevity, immortality and good blessings. It is also strongly associated with the God of Immortality, Sau, because he carries it with him and fills it with the nectar of Immortality. Many people also use the Wu Lou because of its distinct shape; as the top half represents heaven and the bottom half represents earth, it is said that this gourd is a manifestation of the harmony between these two places. Display the Wu Lou beside your bed for general wellbeing, and it will be very effective in keeping you safe from illness – this is even more so for those who are already sick or who are constantly suffering from ailments.
The peach tree is a very valuable symbol to Feng Shui followers, and one of the most highly regarded forms of tree. Although the peach is regarded as the most important element of this tree, each part has a different meaning and benefit. In ancient folklore, it is said that the Shi Wang Mu, the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.210627
Retrieved Text: Jeremy and Audrey Roloff: Might They Return to Little People, Big World?
Sometimes referred to as The Brady Bunch of the ’90s, the classic sitcom Step by Step introduced a new generation of viewers to the joys of the blended family comedy. The show followed two sets of radically different siblings forced to live under one roof after their parents spontaneously tied the knot. Step by Step (which ran for six seasons on ABC before moving to CBS for it’s seventh and final season) has managed to stand the test of time, according to Bustle, but it isn’t just the show itself that’s aged well — child star Christine Lakin is in her 40s now, and she’s gorgeous. The Dallas-born actress appeared as tricky tomboy Alicia ‘Al’ Lambert in 160 episodes of Step by Step, though she never saw it as work.
Family Guy wasn’t Lakin’s first time voice acting — in fact, if you play video games, you’re probably pretty familiar with her voice by this point, even if you don’t know it. From beloved fantasies (World of Warcraft, Final Fantasy) and classic first-person shooters (Rainbow Six, Medal of Honor) to Hollywood tie-ins (Star Wars, The Walking Dead), Lakin has worked on some of the biggest franchises in gaming. She also added her name to the annals of Mass Effect history when she voiced the popular character Peebee in 2017’s Mass Effect: Andromeda, though despite her success in this field she’s never stopped courting live-action roles.
Lakin clearly uses her former child star status to her advantage, but

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.198462
Retrieved Text: Power, capacity and soundness!!!! Embryos available out of CCR Cowboy Cut and Broker.
Angel combines all of the attributes we look for in a donor female . Symmetrical and balanced, perfect structure, perfect udder . Extremely capacious, with muscle enough to produce herd sires as well as future donors. Look for her son by Beef King to highlight our 2015 bull sale offering.
Z420 weaned off MYY/SAS Reload B420 as our top weaning wt individual . He adjusted to a 915 lb weaning wt , without creep . Pretty special for a first calf heifer and easily working her way into our donor program . Look for her son to anchor our pen of five in Denver and then will sell in our Value Based genetics sale ,Feb 7 ,2015 . Call for more information on Z420 and look for further exceptional offspring !
Star possesses all of the qualities we are looking for in a donor. Her Extreme body depth and spring of rib is complimented by an attractive and structurally correct phenotype. Watch her stride as she slightly more than hits her track. Look at her base width standing as well as in motion. Look at the huge hooves with proper heel depth indicating her shoulder and hock angles are correct for longevity.
Her sire All Star will turn 11 in February 2014. Star is 8 years old and looks like a 4 year old with an equally impressive 4 year old udder. She is the mother of SAS Sweet Meat and numerous other herdsires throughout the country.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.93834
Retrieved Text: paid an $11 premium for those contracts (they would have a $1 loss per share) - yet another risk of options. Finally if a company is being acquired on a stock swap basis, the company's stock options may be converted to the new company's stock options according to the stock conversion. Again if a clean conversion cannot be achieved, those options may linger until expiration and be handled on a pre-merger basis.
You may now wonder about how to tell if a certain option is a normal one, or one of these irregular varieties brought on by splits, mergers, etc. For one thing, your broker should be able to help you there. If you use an online broker, the irregular options may have an identifying mark or you may just be able to recognize them based on their unusual strike prices or their premiums. They still could be difficult to spot so look before you leap (no pun intended). If you are not completely sure, ask your broker for clarification.
Analyzing options involves pretty much a technical approach. Unlike stocks where one can engage in fundamental analysis for the company, options by nature do not lend themselves to fundamental analysis. Of course, one could always engage in an indirect fundamental analysis of options by studying the fundamentals of the company whose stock is the underlying product, but this may be more applicable for LEAPS, whose expiration dates are further out into the future and therefore have some relative longevity.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.88247
Retrieved Text: It’s nearly impossible to keep up with the 180 shows that make up New York Fashion week but I try to find at least a few new names that are worth watching each season. Here are my picks for Fall 2017.
Alajandra Alonso Rojas, the Madrid born New York based designer just won the Fashion Group International Rising Star Award. Rojas is a fourth generation hand knitter and learned tailoring as an apprentice to a master menswear tailor in Madrid. The strong matriarchs of her family are a source of inspiration for her new collection and it shows in the attitude of the collection. Old world details imbue the clothes with a sense of history and longevity eschewing trends without sacrificing newness.
Alena Akhmadullina is already a well-established designer in Russia where she started her business fifteen years ago. For the past few seasons she’s designed and shown collections toned down for the western market without losing the flavor of her more opulent Russian based collection. She brings an interesting point of view to New York that’s not obsessed with deconstruction and not afraid to look polished.
M. Martin, founded by Jennifer Noyes and Alex Gilbert two years ago, deliver timelessly chic, wearer friendly clothes. With each season they’ve honed their minimalist message and bring to a crowded field clothes for women to live in.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.797941
Retrieved Text: Chinese characters for "prosperity, success and longevity"
The three star gods of prosperity, longevity and success are popular deities in Chinese culture and religion and are said to be the personification of the three ultimate goals in life. The pig is also considered an extremely prosperous symbol. With each reverse design combining symbols of Chinese tradition and culture, this three-coin set pays tribute to Lunar New Year celebrations.
The reverse of each coin depicts a gorgeous caricature of a pig, the Chinese character for either ‘prosperity’ (fu), ‘success’ (lu) or ‘longevity’ (shou) and the monetary denomination.
The collection is housed in a display case within a beautifully illustrated shipper, and is accompanied by a numbered Certificate of Authenticity.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.725868
Retrieved Text: So always look at the total price including shipping cost.Cyber-criminals regularly open their own Black Friday fake web shops to advertise extremely inexpensive branded products.At a Glance, black Friday is the number 1 shopping day of the year.Please tell us which questions below are the same as this one: The..
A form of, secure and Verifiable Identification.A document to verify the weight of your vehicle, such as: The car title.Pay the 31 duplicate title fee plus the 12 service fee.None of it is too terribly taxing - which reminds us, there is also the issue of use taxes on the..
Free* standard order collect in store *no minimum spend, pharmacy rmc pmp promo code Medicine Products, this is a Pharmacy Medicine item.
Juicy splashes of star fruit invigorate the floral siriusxm coupon codes 2012 core of Californian poppy, whilst the warming base notes of liquid amber and solar notes provoke a sensual dry down with longevity.
You may also like, showing slide current_slide of total_slides - You may also like.Bright and beautiful, its exciting blend of unusual fruits tantalises your senses, revealing a fun-filled signature for her that embellishes everyday adventures with unforgettable allure.Shipping Restriction: Only available for UK and European Express delivery services.Tell us what you think - opens in new window or tab.Hollister Wave For Her Shower Gel 100ml: Not just your average shower gel, this scented wash features the sparking notes of star fruit, Californian poppy and cassis to comfort your skin and perk up your senses with every use.All listings 1-48 of 130 results, hot this

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.699808
Retrieved Text: Name a Star for a special person in your life. He or she will have a lifetime to look up and better understand their personal relationship to the awesome universe.
As a tribute or Award for outstanding dedication, longevity or achievement at work, in sports or school.
To celebrate Births and Birthdays, Baptisms and Confirmations, and Bar and Bat Mitzvah celebrations.
To commemorate Weddings, Anniversaries, and Graduation.
To honor Mothers and Fathers on Mother’s Day and Father’s Day.
To express undying love on Valentine’s Day, or on any other day for that matter.
To commemorate special holidays, such Christmas, Hanukkah, and many others.
Name a Star is the perfect gift for any special occasion!
Name a Star now! Just select your star package below and customize your star certificate.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.691944
Retrieved Text: Once known as River, Texas for it's location on the Trinity, the town had several antebellum sawmills.
The flat terrain availed itself to the rice farming that was fast gaining acceptance after its introduction in the flat coastal regions of Texas. The community requested a post office which was granted in 1903. In a rather unusual move, the application was sent in with the request for the name Romayer since the land was originally a part of the Joaquin F. de Rumnayor land grant. Usually submissions were for storekeepers, postmasters or early settlers. The spelling of the name Romayor from Rumayor is assumed to be an error.
The granting of the post office coincided with the arrival of the railroad. In this case the railroad was the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe. The community now had two essential components for longevity and prosperity.
Growth was slow and in 1929, the town just managed to have 100 residents - enough to qualify it as a Liberty County voting precinct. The town had its own newspaper (The Trinity Valley Voice).
The hopes of growth were dashed in the late 1940s when many families left in search of better jobs. The post office managed to stay open in the 1980s when it had 96 customers. The same number was given for 1990 and 2000. The community never got around to incorporating.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.658192
Retrieved Text: Aynsley England Bone China - a very fine firm with a rich pedigree, founded 1775 Staffordshire by Master Potter John Aynsley.
One of the oldest surviving firms, Aynsley made it to the 21st century and was still there after the closures of other big plants like Spode (in 2007). Take a stroll through the porcelain district of Stoke-on-Trent, much of it in ruins, and hopefully you still may see the Aynsley plant in business.
The company was started on a small scale as a hobby by potter John in 1775. How any times has that pattern emerged, not just in the china industry, but in so many businesses?
It was when his grandson John Aynsley II took over that the company exploded to the pinnacle of fine bone china making.
The younger John also became Lord Mayor of London in 1870. You tend to find there is a big character behind the success of an important company. In this case it was the grandson whose residual energy pushed the firm onwards.
In 1861 a bone china factory was specially built.
Aynsley China is undoubtedly one of the best examples of antique bone china makers you will ever find.
Aynsley's most famous patterns include Pembroke, Cottage Garden, Little Sweetheart, Wild Tudor and Orchard Gold. Rich people and royalty choose Aynsley bone china for their homes. These luminaries include Elizabeth 11 the current Queen of England, her son, The Prince of Wales. Queen Victoria was partial to a bit of Aynsley too.
Founder John Aynsley's son formed Paragon China which enjoyed much success and Warrants of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.585655
Retrieved Text: The Best Ways For Longevity notes that Dr. Walter Jaakkola has training and experience enough for the Best Ways For Longevity to praise his dedication to natural healing, to naturally HELPING people, while also helping them to help theselves. Those are three large orders for any plate,and places Dr. Jaakkola square in the center of any recognized perception of the Best Ways For Longevity, an unusual, and good human being..
Health OneShortcut.com Ayurvedic Medicine Ayurveda II Bodyscan2010 Chelation Chelation II Mineral Infrared Therapy Natural Pain Relief Rife Technology Ayurvedic Medicine Breath of Life Parasites Acoustic CardiographAcoustic Cardiograph Brain Tuner BioSyntony II | Curing Colds Doctors Doctors II E.M.I.
The Psychology of Shortcuts is offered to youas one of the world's healthiest websites, and best overall source of shortcuts.
The Psychology of Shortcuts is a big portion of the largest and most empowering Psychology of Shortcuts .
The Psychology of Shortcuts of masters and champions, those who repeatedly lead, who know best.
Learn more so you can live more, with a taste of the Psychology of Shortcuts. Help yourself.
Having the Bodyscan is, unscientifically, a blessing a half. Scientifically, it instantly proves to be worth more than a hundred or a thousand medical practitioners standing around practicing and guessing. That's why they have a medical practice: to practice. That's not good enough for me. It is hoped, through the Best Ways For Longevity, that you will also refuse to blindly obey other people, whether or not they are more interested in money than healing. Participation is critical.
So many master secrets of the universe

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.558971
Retrieved Text: Many architects love metal products because of their inherent qualities. Qualities such as the good looks and longevity of metal. Similarly, metal meets the federal governments Energy Star Program and the Green Buildings Council Leeds Program.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.546078
Retrieved Text: Mary Poppins Returns has proved to be a big hit at the box office, raking in over $260 million worldwide.
So it would be no surprise if we saw another big-screen outing from everyone's favourite Nanny, and this time we hopefully won't have to wait 54 years.
Speaking to The Sun, director Rob Marshall said the team behind Mary Poppins Returns were in the "early stages" of working on a follow-up.
“It is early stages but I will say right now that there were eight books, so there’s a lot of great material still to mine. That’s what we worked from, those incredible eight books of P.L. Travers. So, you know...” Marshall said.
The director went on to suggest that the franchise could have long-lasting longevity, in the style of Star Wars or James Bond. "If there’s a great character and story to tell, why not?” Marshall added.
Producer John DeLuca also suggested another film was in the pipeline and that star Emily Blunt would be more than happy to reprise the role.
Digital Spy has reached out to Disney for comment.
Meanwhile, despite the film's huge success, Emily Blunt failed to receive a Best Actress nomination at this year's BAFTAs.
And this past Sunday, she lost out on the Golden Globe for Best Actress Musical or Comedy to Olivia Colman, who scooped the award for her role as Queen Anne in The Favourite.

================



======= Instance Index 523 =========
Input Text: The word "pierce" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: To pierce a mystery.
Sentence 2: The path pierced the jungle.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.688658
Retrieved Text: Do you love Once Gone (a Riley Paige Mystery—Book 1) book? Please share!
Once Gone (a Riley Paige Mystery—Book 1) - Blake Pierce E-Book coming soon..

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.48835
Retrieved Text: When Cults Meet Crime: J. Kingston Pierce about cult-based storylines in mysteries and thrillers. His view about this topic, including the new novel A Serpent’s Tooth: A Walt Longmire Mystery by Craig Johnson, at Kirkus Reviews.
Blogspot | 10 Hot Crime Novels for Colder Days. By J. Kingston Pierce.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.980228
Retrieved Text: The thundering rain showered itself on the car. It glided at a great speed but a rhythmic pace on the empty road. I looked at him, my mind full of thoughts. Will he be able to string the four words together?? he shot a smile at me.
I virtually experienced the taste of his rosy lips, feeling the caress on my cheeks. Although I acted as if his waking me up at midnight and taking me to an isolated jungle offended me, deep inside, I knew what he wanted to do. And I already loved the way he was going to do so.
The rain slowed down, the car did too. My heart kept skipping beats, pounding harder. He gently pulled me out of the car, holding me against my waist. He brushed his hand around my ear, around the dangling diamond earrings.
His eyes pierced mine, ah, the color of molten caramel. As he came closer the caramel of his eyes started burning, fiery red. I led out a blood curdling scream as something sharp pierced my chest. feeling the hot blood, I stumbled onto the road.
With my eyes wide open, I stared at his, whose caramel had molten again. He came closer to me, brushed his hands against my ears and took the diamond earrings. He sat in the car and glided away, leaving me in hot blood, in the shadow of the dense forest foliage.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.735321
Retrieved Text: Susanna and I did indeed set off on our, in the old tradition, "Grand Tour," after our wedding on August 3rd. We made arrangement for friends to look after the house, in between our stopovers. We first headed off to the Midwest on Strider and her R100/7. What better place for a summer honeymoon retreat than the National Hobo Convention in Britt, Iowa! We spent three days there; hanging out and being appalled by the new generation of "road kids" (never seen a hobo with pierced body parts before). Susanna got to meet a few of the old timers, who are true gentlemen and tellers of great stories. Amidst the jungle of cooked good food, stories, drunkenness, and at least one fight; we managed to elect the King of the Hobos for another year.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.40367
Retrieved Text: This article is about Jungle of the Giants, a level in New Super Mario Bros. U. For other uses, see Soda Jungle-1.
Jungle of the Giants, or Soda Jungle-1, is the first main level of Soda Jungle in New Super Mario Bros. U. It is unlocked via completion of The Mighty Cannonship, Blooper's Secret Lair, or Piranha Plants on Ice and its own completion opens the path to a red Toad House, Bridge over Poisoned Waters, and Bramball Woods.
As the first level of Soda Jungle, it introduces that world's gimmick of giant variants of common enemies, such as Big Goombas and Big Koopa Troopas, as well as Big Piranha Plants in pipes. However, a few normal sized stage elements still appear, such as the occasional normal-sized Goomba.
Star Coin 1: The first Star Coin is found in a path under the main part of the level. The player needs to use one of the Big Koopa Troopa's shells to clear a path to the coin, as groups of Brick Blocks are in the way.
Star Coin 2: The second Star Coin is in a Warp Pipe a short way past the Checkpoint Flag. The room contains a P Switch that clears a row of Brick Blocks out of the way, allowing the player to Wall Jump to the Star Coin. Peachette can also be used to reach it.
Star Coin 3: The third Star Coin is found next to the Goal Pole, reachable from a nearby Big Block.
This page was last edited on April 9, 2019, at 18:52.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.312004
Retrieved Text: This volume of Starfinder Adventure Path concludes the Signal of Screams Adventure Path.
This volume of Starfinder Adventure Path begins the Dawn of Flame Adventure Path.
With Starfinder Flip-Mat: Jungle World, you'll be ready the next time your players enter the jungle!
The characters, villains, and starships of the Against the Aeon Throne Adventure Path come alive on your tabletop with this collection of more than 100 creature and starship pawns.
Launch into an exciting universe of science fantasy adventure with the Starfinder Beginner Box!
The characters, villains, and starships of the Signal of Screams Adventure Path come alive on your tabletop with this collection of more than 100 creature and starship pawns, designed for use with the Starfinder Roleplaying Game or any tabletop science fantasy RPG.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.258461
Retrieved Text: From cozy to thriller, the mystery genre remains one of the strongest in fiction. Who doesn’t love to follow the detective, the private investigator, the soldier of fortune as he or she solves the crime?
Here are some of the newest releases coming out in March.
Cozy Mysteries Choose from John Clement’s newest Dixie Hemingway mystery, The Cat Sitter’s Whiskers, Clive Cussler’s The Assassin, Anne Perry’s The Angel Court Affair or Kate Ellis’ ninth Wesley Peterson mystery, The Death Season.
Mystery Sequels You’ll want to read Cold Betrayal by J.A. Vance, and The Mouth of the Crocodile by Michael Pierce. Authors Leslie Budewitz and Kathy Lynn Emerson are coming out with the first in their new series. Assault and Pepper by Budewitz and Murder in the Queen’s Wardrobe by Emerson.
Thrillers If you love to sit on the edge of your chair as you read, here are some of the newest thriller releases. There Will be Lies by Nick Lake, Obsession in Death by J.D. Robb, It’s in Her Blood by S.S. Roswell, and Descent by Tim Johnston.
Looking for Super Senior Swimwear?
April 9, 2014 juliet Comments Off on Looking for Super Senior Swimwear?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.114178
Retrieved Text: The first trailer for Spinning Man, an upcoming psychological mystery thriller starring Pierce Brosnan, Guy Pearce, and Minnie Driver has been released. Check it out below!
Ooo, this actually looks really good. I’m all for more thrillers that have a psychological mystery vibe to them. The cast for this also looks great! I won’t see it in theaters, but it’ll definitely be something I pick up on Blu-ray.
Synopsis: The film follows professor Evan Birch (Pearce) who works at a distinguished college where he teaches philosophy. When a female student named Hannah goes missing, Evan’s previous off-campus errands make his wife (Driver) question his alibi. Even a detective (Brosnan) grows very suspicious when crucial evidence makes the professor the prime suspect in the girl’s disappearance.
Spinning Man hits theaters and On Demand April 6, 2018.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.080084
Retrieved Text: iron man vs magneto click to expand.
honda gcv160 oil change oil change pressure washer psi gas pressure washer powered by pressure washer oil change.
stackable file cabinets industrial style metal filing cabinets for sale 3 stacking lateral file cabinets stackable plastic file cabinets.
presto cooker canner presto national no 7 pressure cooker qt with wire plates seal presto cooker canner model 21b manual presto cooker canner replacement parts.
whispers earrings simply whispers hypoallergenic and nickel free jewelry pierced earrings gold french hook with large hammered teardrop.
step 2 jungle gym soft.
selfie stick with tripod stand china 4 in 1 phone clip selfie stick tripod stand for digital camera.
miracle gro liquid houseplant food indoor gardening hero.
premier stove parts premier gas stoves premier pro series propane natural gas range stove premier gas stoves parts.
ultra boca raton photo of fl united states ultra comfortable surroundings at.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.866812
Retrieved Text: A person who was lost in the jungle may not have learned the way out if he or she accidentally stumbles out. Lost in the jungle again, the person may be no wiser about how to get free. On the other hand, if a lost person carefully studies the jungle and learns the way out, he or she may never become lost in that jungle again. The person may even become a guide helping others out.
The Buddha didn’t stumble out of the jungle of suffering; he learned the skills, signposts, and path that led out. He spent many years, in many ways, teaching the way to freedom. In contrast, he said little about what the experience of freedom actually is. He focused mostly on how one becomes free and what one becomes free from or what one no longer experiences. Perhaps freedom cannot be described as any particular experience. It is like two people who are lost in the jungle together for a long time. When they both find their way out, they both experience the same freedom from the jungle. However, what they do and experience once out of the jungle may be very different from each other. What they may have in common is knowing how to avoid getting lost again, and they may both have strong confidence in the path out of the jungle.
One of the useful descriptions the Buddha gave for the way out of suffering is the twelve steps of what is called “Liberative Dependent Origination” (LDO). These steps are successive

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.78843
Retrieved Text: After dinner, the warm glow of kerosene lamps and candles illuminated the ruai of the Iban longhouse. Families set up a veritable handicraft market with baskets and mats, bead bracelets, wooden carvings and woven wall hangings (Iban pua). There was no pressure to buy, although the low prices almost guaranteed sales.
Woman displays handicrafts for sale in Murat Iban longhouse.
We completed our shopping and presented Tuai Rumah Bansing with the tuak and gifts. (It's taboo to give gifts to individuals, especially children, in a longhouse.) He graciously accepted them, opened up the packages and divided them into 25 equal mounds.
Our host opened the bottle of tuak, and poured some against the longhouse pillar, for the ground spirits, before filling a glass. Tuai Rumah Bansing took the first sip (as is customary, to prove it wasn't poisoned) then offered us each a drink. The tuak was cloudy and sweet, with a kick that we didn't feel until we tried to stand up.
Agung musicians began playing ketebung drums, large and small tawak brass gongs, and engkerumungs, a set of eight small gongs. Women, some wearing special-occasion beaded collars and traditional silver headpieces, and others wearing everyday sarongs, performed graceful welcome dances. We applauded in appreciation. They each shook our hands, in turn, then stopped by the headman to pick up their gifts.
"You can see many more traditional Iban costumes during the Gawai Dayak Festival on June 1," explained Joseph. "Communities and longhouses in Sarawak, Malaysia, celebrate the harvest with music, dancing, drinking and traditional foods."
The Iban men, dressed as

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.691856
Retrieved Text: WHITE PLAINS, NEW YORK, UNITED STATES, October 17, 2018 /EINPresswire.com/ — Learning can be fun, but for teachers, finding fun activities to stimulate an interest in learning can be challenging.
Barbara A. Pierce is a retired elementary school teacher and author of 14 books for children.
Pierce is the author of six children’s books: The Perfect Place for Toodles; Mama Lupita’s Puree Ole; A Mystery in Winters Park; The Game That Sam Plays; Sophie Virginia and the Little Red Boots; and The Emperor’s Regret. She has also written three books of poetry for children: From an Ant Hill Springs a Mountain; Whichever Way the Wind Blows; Just South of the Rainbow. Her next book What’s Troubling the Old Manor House is currently awaiting release.
Pierce was inspired to write her books because, as an elementary school teacher for over 40 years, she was always looking for materials to keep her students excited and interested in learning.
Pierce also developed A Challenge of Common Knowledge and A Challenge of Common Knowledge II, a collection of 401 queries and responses across a variety of subject matter, including mathematics, social studies, language arts, science, art and more. The format of the book makes it easy to create challenging activities to stimulate an interest in learning.
Pierce says she is most proud of Remembering our Black Trailblazers and Their Legacies and its follow-up Remembering our Black Trailblazers and Their Legacies II.
“I found that so many black children are just not aware of their heritage and how much black people have contributed to this society,” says

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.680895
Retrieved Text: Epic Jungle Escape is a twisted block collapse game with interesting puzzles. It’s a cross between Bejeweled and Tetris.
In every level of Epic Jungle Escape, you have to guide a lost boy named Tardy home. He is afraid of wild animals and cavemen, and you must clear a path for him in the puzzle board.
To do this, you have to remove the groups of identical animals from the path in order to make a way for him towards his home. You simply walk towards a puzzle tile in order to remove it and score combos. The catch is there is a timer, so the sooner you get him home, the more point you will receive.
Overall, Epic Jungle Escape is a pretty fun game to play.
ontrols: Left mouse click or WASD to play.
Adrian Tan updated this game on 28 Feb , 2017.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.621336
Retrieved Text: Melodrama casts noirish shadows in this portrait of maternal sacrifice from Hollywood master Michael Curtiz. Its iconic performance by Joan Crawford as Mildred, a single mother hell-bent on freeing her children from the stigma of economic hardship, solidified Crawford’s career comeback and gave the actor her only Oscar. But as Mildred pulls herself up by the bootstraps, first as an unflappable waitress and eventually as the well-heeled owner of a successful restaurant chain, the ingratitude of her materialistic firstborn (a diabolical Ann Blyth) becomes a venomous serpent’s tooth, setting in motion an endless cycle of desperate overtures and heartless recriminations. Recasting James M. Cain’s rich psychological novel as a murder mystery, this bitter cocktail of blind parental love and all-American ambition is both unremittingly hard-boiled and sumptuously emotional.
This conversation between Molly Haskell and Robert Polito was recorded in 2016. In it, the critics discuss both the novel “Mildred Pierce” and the film version by Michael Curtiz.
This 2002 documentary, directed by Peter Fitzgerald, covers the life and career of actor Joan Crawford. Narrated by Anjelica Huston, it features Crawford’s friends, relatives, and colleagues.
On January 8, 1970, actor Joan Crawford appeared on “The David Frost Show.” In this excerpt, she discusses MILDRED PIERCE and director Michael Curtiz.
In July 2006, actor Ann Blyth appeared at the Castro Theatre in San Francisco for a screening of MILDRED PIERCE, organized and recorded by Marc Huestis. Blyth’s onstage Q&A with film noir expert Eddie Muller is presented here.
Discover the painstaking process behind restoring this cherished classic.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.59825
Retrieved Text: Diane Fanning is the Edgar Award–nominated, nationally bestselling author of many true crime books, including Under Cover of the Night, Her Deadly Web, Mommy's Little Girl, and Through the Window. She has also penned the Lucinda Pierce Mysteries and Scandal in the Secret City, a World War II mystery. Diane has appeared on numerous network and cable news shows and radio stations across the United States and Canada, including Today, 48 Hours, and 20/20. Raised in Baltimore, she now lives in Bedford, Virginia.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.598156
Retrieved Text: Bulk pack of 50 Bead Piercing Pins for use with all Professional Bead Rollers and Bead Baking Rack. Line up the rolled beads with the pin path holes on the Bead Roller to pierce beads. Leave pin in the pierced bead, remove from roller tray, place pin with bead into one of the slots on the Bead Baking Rack. Remove pin after baking.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.594286
Retrieved Text: But we found that it was very computationally expensive to evaluate what constituted a house. So we made the simplest solution: if you have a door and an inside and outside, then that counts as a house. The problem is that people now just make these rows of doors just to increase the village! So we had to balance the game depending on that. Jens Bergensten. One of the reasons it took so long... Minecraft jungle seeds 1.7.10 Mesa jungle village seed 1.7+ On this Minecraft jungle seed players start by a village that's right next to a mesa, swamp, and jungle.
designs Minecraft Pe Modern Houses quotes tumblr, village minecraft cliprt, how to build a minecraft jail step by step, surban houses step by step minecraft, how to build.
Minecraft Seeds Use a seed to spawn in a particular biome or near an interesting structure such as a village or temple. Here is a list of the different seeds in Minecraft.
There are some great small details added in PE. When there's a village over a water body, the gravel path turns into a wooden path to depict a floating pad. There are fallen logs with occasional moss and/ or mushrooms on top.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.559252
Retrieved Text: We are, most of us, so fettered down by . . .
that we live at best a poor, dragging, dying life.
Many of us are poor, moping, dejected creatures.
the continual plague of an evil heart.
smoother path, a better, wiser, holier heart. As then . . .
realize union and communion with Him.
seek pardon in His bleeding wounds and pierced side.
may hide ourselves under His justifying robe.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.311691
Retrieved Text: Franklin Pierce Dollar Coin. 2 Oz Silver Rounds Coins. Pierce Indian Peace Medal. 1853 Franklin Pierce Dollar Coin. Old Franklin Pierce Coin Value. Franklin Mint Presidential Commemorative Coins Value. Of 1853 Franklin Pierce Indian Peace Medal. Franklin Pierce Presidential Dollar Coin.
It was supposed to be the “Africa Coin” in my mind. I was like. I kind of like to leave that as a mystery, but if you ever run into Brock Pierce ask him about the story with Akon and Bitcoin. He’ll.
Section 10 1: No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal; coin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender.
These include some old coins my grandfather gave me. The bank ended up spending tens of thousands of dollars, he said, on tools tipped with diamond, the only material hard enough to pierce the safe.
The Eisenhower dollar was the first US dollar coin struck since the 1935 Peace dollar. It was conceived to honor the recently deceased President Dwight D. Eisenhower and designed by Frank Gasparro. Due to a rise in bullion prices the majority of Eisenhower dollars were produced with base metals. The collector-grade coins were minted with 40%.
Answer. nThe only $100 notes issued that year were gold certificates. If that’s what you have you’ll need to get it authenticated by a currency expert. Uncirculated 19…22 gold certificates currently.
The Franklin Pierce Dollar was the second coin released during 2010 for the Presidential Dollar coin series. It also represented the fourteenth

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.295135
Retrieved Text: In the race to save one of their own, Sigma Force must wrestle with the deepest spiritual mysteries of mankind in this mind-expanding adventure from the #1 New York Times bestselling author, told with his trademark blend of cutting edge science, historical mystery, and pulse-pounding action. Arriving home on Christmas Eve, Commander Gray Pierce discovers his house ransacked, his pregnant lover missing, and his best friend's wife, Kat, unconscious on the kitchen floor. With no shred of evidence to follow, his one hope to find the woman he loves and his unborn child is Kat, the only witness to what happened. But the injured woman is in a semi-comatose state and cannot speak-until a brilliant neurologist offers a radical approach to "unlock" her mind long enough to ask a few questions. What Pierce learns from Kat sets Sigma Force on a frantic quest for answers that are connected to mysteries reaching back to the Spanish Inquisition and to one of the most reviled and blood-soaked books in human history-a Medieval text known as the Malleus Maleficarum, the Hammer of Witches. What they uncover hidden deep in the past will reveal a frightening truth in the present and a future on the brink of annihilation, and force them to confront the ultimate question: What does it mean to have a soul?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.284924
Retrieved Text: This series chronicles the adventures of Ian Pierce, Jack Long, and Peter Ivonovich—an Englishman, American, and Russian. Assembled by a mysterious group known as The Organization, these three heroes hop around the globe righting wrongs, getting the girls, and exchanging witty repartee. The show is set up as a serial with each chapter finishing with a cliff hanger ending. Each story is told in a seven-chapter format. These shows are studio shows. The influences for the show are the old time radio shows: I Love a Mystery, I Love Adventure, and Adventures by Morse.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.244225
Retrieved Text: The jungle adventure MASTERWORKS are back - and this time, the whole gang's come along for the ride! In VOL. 1, you met the lithe and lovely Lorna, the Jungle Girl. Now, with VOL. 1, it's our pleasure to introduce you to the full cast and cadre of Atlas' amazing jungle adventurers! In the pages of JUNGLE TALES, animal trainer and movie stunt girl Jane Hastings ditches Hollywood and chooses the wild life to become the siren of the safari: Jann of the Jungle! Next come the trials of the young African chieftain Waku, Prince of the Bantu! Threatened by challengers to the throne and the legends of the jungle alike, he must follow the Fire God's path to lead his people. Then, Cliff Mason - legendary hunter, tracker and adventurer - travels the globe in search of the most dangerous game the jungle depths holds. JUNGLE ACTION features its own quartet of thrill-seekers: Lo-Zar, Lord of the Jungle takes on every menace that infiltrates his domain. From dinosaurs to Commies, he'll bring down the law of the jungle on them all! You'll also meet Man-oo the Mighty, in the unique stories of an ape's struggle to conquer his jungle kingdom, and leap from treetop to treetop with Jungle Boy, who with his tribe of monkey sidekicks seeks out all the action and excitement the jungle can offer! And lest we forget, there's also the one and only Leopard Girl! Bookish secretary Gwen may go unnoticed - but when she dons the skins of Leopard Girl,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.22355
Retrieved Text: In the cornfields of Nebraska a woman is found murdered, strung up on a pole, the victim of a deranged killer. It doesn't take long for the police to realize a serial killer is on the loose-and that his spree has just begun.
Detective Mackenzie White, young, tough, smarter than the aging, chauvinistic men on her local force, finds herself called in grudgingly to help solve it. As much as the other officers hate to admit it, they need her young, brilliant mind, which has already helped crack cold cases that had left them stumped. Yet even for Mackenzie this new case proves an impossible riddle, something the likes of which she-and the local force-have ever seen.
A dark psychological thriller with heart-pounding suspense, BEFORE HE KILLS marks the debut of a riveting new series-and a beloved new character-that will leave you turning pages late into the night.
Also available by Blake Pierce is ONCE GONE (A Riley Paige mystery-Book #1), a #1 bestseller!
Before he Kills (A Mackenzie White Mystery-Book 1) ePub (Adobe DRM) can be read on any device that can open ePub (Adobe DRM) files.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.015707
Retrieved Text: Nashville, Tenn. : Thomas Nelson, Inc., .
FOX News legal correspondent and former Federal Prosecutor Lis Wiehl has created a suspense series as timely as tomorrow's headlines.
While home on break, a seventeen-year-old Senate page takes her dog out for a walk and never returns. The resulting media firestorm quickly ensnares television reporter Cassidy Shaw, Federal Prosecutor Allison Pierce, and FBI Special Agent Nicole Hedges. Together, these life-long friends call themselves The Triple Threat-a nickname derived from their favorite dessert as well as their uncanny ability to crack cases from their three unique positions of power.
Together, they must find the one face of betrayal amidst a crowd of growing suspects-including a US Senator-before they become the next victims.
Lis Wiehl's expertise in law, politics, and criminal investigation merges with April Henry's narrative genius to create a gripping mystery filled with rich characters, real danger, and a shocking yet satisfying final twist.
A 17-year-old page who was romantically involved with a senator disappears. Reporter Cassidy Shaw, Federal Prosecutor Allison Pierce, and FBI Special Agent Nicole Hedge fight to locate her before it's too late.
Wiehl, L. W., & Henry, A. (2008). Face of betrayal: a triple threat novel. Nashville, Tenn.: Thomas Nelson, Inc.
Wiehl, Lis W and April. Henry. 2008. Face of Betrayal: A Triple Threat Novel. Nashville, Tenn.: Thomas Nelson, Inc.
Wiehl, Lis W and April. Henry, Face of Betrayal: A Triple Threat Novel. Nashville, Tenn.: Thomas Nelson, Inc, 2008.
Wiehl, Lis W., and April Henry. Face of Betrayal: A Triple Threat Novel. Nashville, Tenn.: Thomas Nelson, Inc, 2008. Print.
|a Wiehl, Lis W. |0

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.997322
Retrieved Text: Steven Aramini explores the jungle of the game design and publishing world.
Steven returns from the Indie Jungle to answer the perennial question: do I stay or do I go. Steven hopes to help guide you in figuring out which design or ideas to stick with or to leave behind. His current design Sprawlopolis, mentioned in the post, is killing it on Kickstarter.
After a bunch of Kickstarters, Steven returns with another installment of the Indie Jungle exploring partnerships.
Steven takes game design into another dimension. He examines using vertical space in game design.
The Indie Jungle is a lush, vibrant world, filled with color, beauty and eye-popping wonderment. From wildly imaginative images in games like “Mysterium” to stellar fantasy portraits like “Abyss” to rich visual landscapes like “Tides of Time,” illustrations can transform board game players to a different reality.
You’re there… in the jungle. You’ve got so many ideas. This week, Steve guides along the path of one game design mechanism: the engine builder. No experience with cars or tools necessary.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.979708
Retrieved Text: You are currently browsing the category archive for the ‘Summer And August’ category.
On Saturday, March 12, 2011 we were at The Toadstool Bookshops, Keene, NH at an encore event for: Summer And August, A Cape Cod Murder Mystery!
We always have a bodacious time at the Toadstool Bookshops. And we really appreciate Don inviting us back! So many great readers in the Keene, NH area. Thank you for your support.
In addition to Summer And August, A Cape Cod Murder Mystery we featured Time Has A Way and Candy-Colored Clown which were just re-published by A Snowy Day Distribution & Publishing!
Another surprise will be announced here in my next posting.
On Saturday, March 5, 2011 we were at The Toadstool Bookshops, Milford, NH! And on Saturday, March 12, 2011 we will be at The Toadstool Bookshops, Keene, NH at 2:00pm for Summer And August, A Cape Cod Murder Mystery!
We always enjoy our visits to the Toadstool Bookshops. And we really appreciate the readers who come out to support our community book stores! These are truly great places and we need to keep them going forever!
Our sincere appreciation to Regina, Brian, Tammy, Jan, and all the wonderful folks at The Toadstool Bookshops in Milford, NH! And our thanks to all of you newcomers to the LaRosa Chronicles!
This coming Saturday, March 12, 2011 we return to the Toadstool in Keene, NH. I’m looking forward to seeing many old friends and meeting many new friends at this event, including Franklin Pierce Alumni.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.96212
Retrieved Text: Overnight at the selected hotel in the Sacred Valley.
Early in the morning, you will be transferred to the railway station for the tourist class train to Machu Picchu. The 3 hour train journey passes through picturesque Andean scenery, passing traditional villages, Inca ruins and rushing rivers. We'll descend 1300 metres through the Sacred Valley of the Incas and follow the Urubamba River to Aguas Calientes. After dropping off our luggage we'll take the 20 minute bus ride up to Machu Picchu , perched 600 metres above the river. After lunch your archeological guide will take you on a walking tour of the site. The famous lost city of the Incas is one of the most magical and mysterious places on Earth. Situated on the spine of a jungle-cloaked granite peak towering some 600 metres above an entrenched meandering of the roaring river below, the site is frequently shrouded in misty clouds pierced by the powerful equatorial sun. Constructed from precisely sculptured granite blocks carefully joined with the projecting exposed stone of the surrounding mountain, the site may well be the finest architectural achievement of the new world.
Transfer to the airport for your flight to return home to your country..

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.912857
Retrieved Text: Our Peru tours offer affordable responsible tourism options focusing on local and authentic experiences. We want visitors to have meaningful intercultural encounters with the local population while visiting some of the many amazing places Peru has to offer. Peru’s diversity is incredible and we try to represent this richness in our tours. On our Peru tours, you can learn more about Andean indigenous culture while staying in a small community. You could also explore the wonders of the jungle while staying in an authentic ecological lodge in the Amazon. Or what about discovering Kuelap, the new Machu Picchu or taking an off the beaten path tour in the Sacred Valley, Cusco.
All of our Peru tours include responsible intercultural exchanges with the local population. These tours are perfect for those that don’t just want to visit the main tourist sights but really want to get to know Peru and its incredible people. Peru is so much more than Machu Picchu and we try to promote some of these alternative sights.
Looking for off the beaten path tours of Lima? Check out our Lima tours here.
Experience the Peruvian jungle in an environmentally and socially responsible way that doesn’t cost you a fortune! Learn more about its fauna, flora and the life of its inhabitants while staying in authentic and ecological jungle lodge run and managed by locals!
Discover the ancient fortress of Kuelap where jungle and mountains meet. Learn more about the local way-of-life and their activities while admiring the impressive natural beauty of this region. Get to know more

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.89554
Retrieved Text: The story of how that conscious, immaterial intelligence we call the soul came to reside in a material body is truly the Greatest Story Ever Told. Quantum physics and ancient, universal spiritual wisdom both point to our human origins as a holographic play of light and energy. Understanding the forces that shape our reality allows us to peer into the very wellspring of our artistic core and better align ourselves with the forces that propel our creative expression. The new marriage of spirituality and science is the great tool of our time to help us pierce the mystery of life, and piercing that mystery is the very root of art itself.
Peter Canova is an author and speaker. He is one of the leading experts on the Gnostic Gospels and the ancient universal spiritual traditions that anticipated the findings of modern quantum physics. He has written a novel called Pope Annalisa (popeannalisa.com), the first book in a trilogy entitled The First Souls. Pope Annalisa a spiritual thriller about an African nun who becomes the first female pope. It has won seven national book awards including the Nautilus Gold Award formerly bestowed on such authors as Eckhart Tolle, Deepak Chopra, and the Dalai Lama.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.87402
Retrieved Text: Anti-scale prevents the build-up of limescale for consistent use. sindikat tekstila, obuĆe, koŽe, gume hrvatske Kolačići (“cookies”) omogućuju pravilno funkcioniranje ove stranice. Fateh Are you ready! Info vitrex tile cutter £240. Season 5, Episode 5 “The Post-Modern Prometheus” — an entirely black-and-white episode with an “X-Files” twist on the classic “Frankenstein” story — is the show at its most beautiful Whether it’s the actors, music, settings, plot lines or that theme song, The X-Files is pretty creepy.
Hawks are a lightweight tool used to move mortar and plaster around without waste. Seashore,as well as being near one of England's vitrex tile cutter biggest and best seaside resorts (Great Yarmouth!) has a long. Made with military grade aluminum, the MTM Featherweight Foam Cannon is the perfect “entry-level” foam cannon and gets you up and foaming in minutes!
Foxes Hotel is a very special place. If you have never read it in its entirety, you should. Jacko is still working at Bainbridge’s, but he’s beginning to find the flirtatious vitrex tile cutter lifestyle that he’s been leading is wearing a bit thin – and Lionel’s secretary Sandra is starting to look like the one that got away… almost.. When the artist.
Please try again later Do you know how to pass a complex place in vitrex tile cutter the game?
South West coastal path to Coverack 5-star PADI vitrex tile cutter scuba diving center on park Lots of green space with adventure play. Tipton opens a guest house titled Tipton Guest House.
Because you sleep on your back, side, or both, this pillow

================



======= Instance Index 159 =========
Input Text: The word "step" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Always a step behind.
Sentence 2: Keep in step with the fashions.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.71622
Retrieved Text: Ferrari Kids | Boys Design Clothes Investment in the latest, best design fashions for your child and make sure they are always one step ahead of the package and leave a permanent mark on every opportunity. Our shops located in Ilford in Essex are known for their huge range of children's design clothing. Our children's clothing is always at the cutting edge of the latest fashions.
Investment in the latest, best design fashions for your child and make sure they are always one step ahead of the package and leave a permanent mark on every opportunity. Our shops located in Ilford in Essex are known for their huge range of children's design clothing. Our children's clothing is always at the cutting edge of the latest fashions.
Buy these limit name badges at Mabel's Label and get 30% off! Register to keep up to date with Mabel' s label promotions and sale code. Keeping your workshop organised so you know where everything is, with these Mabel' s labeling. Reach for container tags and more from $10.
Contains 15 personalized name stickers, 16 mini custom name stickers, 2 custom shoe stickers, 21 tag Mates at Mates? Embroider On Clothing Label, 2 personalized bag tags at Mabel's Label. You can order all your kids' removable and sticky stickers from Mabel's Label from $9.99. Mark all your home objects with Mabel' s Label stickers to keep them organised and secure.
From $9 you can find container label, food label and more. Get this ultimative backpack for only $42 and get 40 individual sticker, 70

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.017086
Retrieved Text: Ethnic home India Fashion Garments Indo – Western Fusion Garments, fashions Super Premium Bridal Wedding Collections? Make your home beautiful fashions creating decor with easy sewing online projects sewing instructions to personalize your home. home Fashion at Vogue India - The latest sheetal fashion news fashions trends, fashion shows , Indian fashion tips more. Clothing Company. Home Décor Accessories. At this exclusive Saree gown category at kalkifashion. Home ideas sheetal fashions.
Whats people sheetal lookup in this blog: Party Makeup And Hairstyle fashions At Home. " Discover recipes home ideas, style inspiration other ideas to try. A board by Sheetal Dingankar. Browse for the very best in Indian Fashion Traditional Motifs, Intricate Embroidery, Fine Fabrics Timeless Silhouettes? Once you get the hang of it, you can start drawing your own fashions without references.
42 reviews of Sheetal Fashion " sheetal This place is located in an unassuming sheetal strip mall in Sacramento. Home ideas sheetal fashions. Worldwide Shipping 30 days returns 10% Off ideas on fashions First Purchase. See what Sheetal Sontakke ( sheetalsontakke) has discovered on Pinterest, the world' s biggest collection of ideas. Sherwani pathani, shirts, kurta coty, Jodhpuri, kurta churidar, kurta shirts, dhoti, kurta, wedding suits rajcoat kurta.
They are an extremely helpful couple who sell high. SHEETAL DESIGNERS ALLOWS fashions YOU DESIGNER SUITS HAND , BLOUSES, MACHINE EMBROIDERY, ANARKALIS SALWARS. Collection by Sheetal Dingankar. HUL - Start A Little Good. Bebexo Makeup Tutorials. Home Services Air Conditioning & Heating Contractors Electricians. Home > Pune > > Pune >. Mint green sari with embroidery Latest Collection

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.872448
Retrieved Text: Snooty Fashions is an exclusive custom fashion designer business. Create the ER diagram for the Snooty Fashions Operations Database based on the following requirements.
Each designer designs many outfits. Each outfit has only one designer.
Each outfit is sold (in advance) to exactly one customer. Customers can buy one or many outfits (Snooty Fashions will not keep track of customers that have not made any purchases yet).
Each tailoring technician must work on at least one outfit but can work on many. Each outfit has at least one tailoring technician working on it but can have many.
Snooty Fashions will keep track of the date when a tailoring technician started working on a particular outfit.
Each designer can participate in a number of fashion shows, but does not have to participate in any. Each fashion show can feature one or two Snooty Fashions designers (Snooty Fashions will not keep track of fashion shows that do not feature Snooty Fashions designers).
Map the ER diagram for the Snooty Fashions Database into a relational schema.
Snooty Fashions SQL Statements Requirements.
Write ALTER TABLE commands that reflects the change in the relational schema.
Write CREATE TABLE statements to create the tables for the Snooty Fashions Database depicted by the relational schema created in mini case MC2 in Chapter 3.
Use INSERT INTO statements to insert no fewer than 2 and no more than 10 records per table in the Snooty Fashions Database.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.865028
Retrieved Text: Rosebud Children's Fashions is an upcoming competitor in children's clothing. Unique fashions, quality materials and exclusive designs, make it the place to shop when you're looking to step outside the box. Combined with our collection of classic favorites, it's easy to create a style that's all your own.
Rosebud Children's Fashions range of girls clothes is designed to be comfy, durable and stylish. For playtime, our range of tops, bottoms, dresses, pants and shorts are tailor made of quality materials, making it easy to dress your little girl in style.
Rosebud Children's Fashions also has a wide selection of fun accessories to complete the look. When school rolls around, we have a range of girls uniforms perfect for the classroom.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.770924
Retrieved Text: These hand painted Darth Maul heels from Beauty for the Geek are just subtle enough to not be over the top geeky, but will definitely still make a huge statement when worn with a simple black dress or cigarette pants.
Be super mathematical with this DIY abacus bracelet. Step by step instructions to make your own can be found here.
Keep yourself healthy and full of magic with these potion charms from Geek OUTlet.
Love these Harry Potter nail decals from Pine Galaxy!
This super sweet solar system t-shirt from ThinkGeek actually glows in the dark! Pretty nifty.
See some awesome fangirl fashions you think I’d like to feature? Leave a link in the comments or send me an email. And, as always, hope you have a great day and an awesome rest of the week!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.374037
Retrieved Text: Quick Look: Shop Hip Hop Goth & Clubwear on Roku is a video storefront for ShopStreetjam.com. The channel contains several episodes of infomercials highlighting merchandise that can be purchased from their website. The store caters to hip hop fashions, night club and urban street fashions, step-out fashions, and gothic and punk fashions as well as footwear and accessories. Each videos contains a variety of available clothing currently in stock that can be purchased. The videos provide basic information about numerous items, including available sizes, designer and price, but you can not purchase directly through the channel.
Developer's Channel Description: The website for the Shop Hip Hop Goth & Clubwear Channel is www.ShopStreetJam.com. Please visit our website to place your orders and to contact us! Thank you.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.954552
Retrieved Text: Justice Kwesi Kwarteng, founder and creative director of Colorado Fashion Week, dreams of turning Colorado's fashion community into a competitive and sustainable force -- and those dreams just came one step closer.A sold-out show this past Saturday, packed with supporters, representatives of Colorado's fashion industry and the fashion faithful, provided Justice with the confirmation he needed to validate both his vision and hard work for CFW 2013.
Although the show started an hour late and ran for over two hours, the crowd was in a forgiving mood. A few of the clear CFW 2013 favorites were fashions by designer Robbi Sayuri, Pattie Parkhurst's unique jewelry designs and the reconstructed evening gown demonstrated on the runway by designer Nicholas Anthony of Casper, Wyoming.
Keep reading for photographs of Colorado Fashion Week's sold-out show.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.89523
Retrieved Text: The Lady s Stratagem is a collection of early instructions on what was perceived as a female duty: To be agreeable. This required meticulous attention to appearance, manners, and management of social events. The core sources are six important French manuals, newly translated into period English. These are supplemented by excerpts from 23 rare English, French, and American publications.
Fashion & Costume. Detailed information is imparted on choosing clothing appropriate to each time of day, and to the wearer s appearance, age, and social position. It is illustrated by 29 halftone fashion plates. Instructions are given for laundering, dyeing, and storing garments.Sewing & Needlework. Step-by-step directions are given for making 13 styles of stays; for most kinds of women s garments, trimmings, and accessories; and for mending and alterations. Comprehensive instructions are also given for making hats, turbans, and caps, including 52 trimmings; for knitting a wide variety of garments and accessories; and for embroidery, with 25 patterns. There is no comparable English-language needlework reference for the 1820s, period or modern.Beauty & Hygiene. An intimate picture of daily life is drawn by 116 recipes for beauty treatments, cosmetics, and perfumes. Particulars include how women bathed, cleaned their teeth, laced their stays, walked, and gestured. Practical explanations are furnished for eight hairstyles.Manners & Customs. Entertaining descriptions are given of the proper behavior for all social occasions, including morning visits, card parties, balls, and the art of conversation.
Frances Grimble is the author of After a Fashion: How to Reproduce, Restore, and Wear Vintage Styles, Reconstruction Era Fashions: 350 Sewing,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.384703
Retrieved Text: Extra Extra: This Just In! The hottest, en-vogue designs are waiting for you to shop now! These season-hopping looks translate amazingly into what ever look you’re going for.
New attitude? Well then you’ve got to have a brand new style! Match your wardrobe to your awesome mood.
Feeling like a rock star? Grab that killer new mini dress with racer back cut outs!
Has today put you in a sweet, girly mood? We’ve got a floral frock with delicate ruffles that’ll make you look as irresistible as tiramisu à la mode.
You absolutely deserve to feel your best in your clothes and Selfie Leslie’s fashions seem tailored to your vibe and body. Treat yo’ self! New styles await for our trendy babes- and we know that being a step ahead of the crowd is important to our customers. Shop our selection of the newest rompers, dresses, jumpsuits, tops, and bottoms, that will keep you ahead of the curve and at the top of the class!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.289257
Retrieved Text: Ready for a change in your Memphis home’s décor? Refurbishing your floors may be easier than you thought, thanks to Kiser's Floor Fashions Carpet One Floor & Home. Since we are part of the world’s largest buying group, we save money on flooring from the biggest brands, mills, and manufacturers and pass those savings right to you. We make it our goal to provide you with the best flooring choices with the best service to see you through the flooring process from start to finish.
We start by applying the expertise of our Kiser's Floor Fashions Carpet One Floor & Home sales professionals with the added help of Carpet One’s SelectAFloor™ system to streamline the selection process and pinpoint the perfect flooring for you. Whether you prefer lush wall-to-wall carpeting, the contemporary look and feel of ceramic tile, the rich shades and textures of hardwood, or the stylish, wear-resistant quality of laminate or luxury vinyl flooring, you can rely on Kiser's Floor Fashions Carpet One Floor & Home to come up with the right choice. Once you’ve decided, we’re even able to install your flooring. Our installation experts are backed by the same quality and care that all Kiser's Floor Fashions Carpet One Floor & Home Carpet One customers have come to expect, making for a great, hassle-free experience. Additionally, we have lots of warranty level options to choose from that will keep your floors protected long after the installation.
And at Kiser's Floor Fashions Carpet One Floor & Home, we go beyond great flooring. At Kiser's Floor

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.194868
Retrieved Text: Note: This is not to be used to contact Flirty Fashions Corporate Offices nor is this site affiliated with them in any way. The purpose of this site is supply you with their phone number and address as well as share your thoughts about Flirty Fashions. Your review will be posted and available for anyone to read so please keep that in mind when posting personal information.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.192907
Retrieved Text: Peace, love, and harmony baby, that's what Libra ladies are all about. Finding balance is important to them, in their own lives, in relationships, and with the people around them. Libra is a fashion conscious sign that is always wearing the latest fashions. They absolutely love clothes and usually look for feminine styles and lots of accessories. Libra's should pore over fashion magazines and websites before hitting the stores, to make sure that they pick up the newest fashions. When shopping, Libra's should try to form relationships with the sales associates at their favorite stores- they often keep a record of important clients and will notify them the moment new fashions come in.
Look for trendy pieces that flatter your figure. Ashlee's grey skinny jeans and long top reflect the top trends for fall. Remember: trends change each season, so to stay ahead of the game, by getting the latest style news on the internet. Fall fashions are debuted at fashion shows in the spring and visa versa- so start compiling your shopping list well before a new season starts.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.10912
Retrieved Text: Find the best selection of Head Bands, Shoes and Pacifiers here at the 3D boutique. We always carry the latest style and fashions to excite your accessories. If you don't find what you're looking for please ask us!
Find the coolest selection of College fashions here at the 3D boutique. We always carry the latest style and fashions for your alma mater. If you don't see what you're looking for please ask us!
Don't see what you're looking for? Not to worry, we can take special request and make exactly what you're looking for. Nothing like having an original and stylish hair bow to top that look off. We do stylish and fancy with an extra serving of bling!
Find the best selection of Chunky Jewelry here at the 3D boutique. We always carry the latest style and fashions to make your accessories pop. If you don't find what you're looking for please ask us!
From the creators of the beanie babies TY introduces Beanie Boo's we carry a wide variety of these cute and adorable plushy collectibles. Find one that tickles your fancy it today and bring it home.
Snoozies Not Socks and Not Slippers! Snoozies land somewhere in between bright and colorful bling to keep your feet warm for tweens and adults.
Find the coolest selection fashions here at the 3D boutique. We always carry the latest style and fashions. If you don't see what you're looking for please ask us!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.088713
Retrieved Text: Elevate your style as the temperature drops with Affinity Cozy Toes. Available in all six Affinity Color Pack fashions, Cozy Toes features thermal insulation to keep your child warm with a wind- and rain-repellent outer shell to keep them dry. It easily attaches to the Affinity stroller seat and is held secure using the stroller harness. Cozy Toes has a full-length zipper down the front that provides easy access to your child and enhanced temperature regulation during winter travel.
Available in all six Affinity Color Pack fashions, Cozy Toes features thermal insulation to keep your child warm with a wind- and rain-repellent outer shell to keep them dry.
It easily attaches to the Affinity stroller seat and is held secure using the stroller harness.
Cozy Toes has a full-length zipper down the front that provides easy access to your child and enhanced temperature regulation during winter travel.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.011116
Retrieved Text: Break away from the traditional glitz little girl pageant dresses and go for something a bit unexpected from Unique Fashions! Living up to their name, Unique Fashions pageant dresses for girls are a designer departure from the gowns we've all grown accustomed to seeing. These kids pageant dresses are both age appropriate and dramatic on stage for a winning advantage. They keep the rules and standards in mind, but aren't afraid to be eye-catching and different as well!
Pageant Designs is excited to offer a superior selection of Unique Fashions floor length little girl pageant dresses with the most darling little girl pageant shoes to match! This girls pageant dresses collection offers designs and colors to suit every little lady's taste, hair color, and skin tone. Does your pretty princess have pink undertones to her skin? Bring them out naturally with a beautiful blue, pink or teal pageant dress! Is her skin more golden or olive? She'll look beyond beautiful in warm, sunny colors like orange, yellow, and lime green. With a fun and trendy collection like Unique Fashions offers, you can get that winning pageant look for a price you can afford.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.915493
Retrieved Text: Affordable, Fashionable and Local Shopping for Every Woman!
Men's Casual Clothing and Sportswear Right at Your Doorstep!
Boutique Style Shopping with Affordable Pricing!
JB Fashions has the fashions you’re looking for at prices you’ll be happy to pay! Our goal is to provide our customers with great style at affordable prices.
We love to see new and fresh styles in our windows and on our racks, so we keep our inventory updated to offer a constant selection of new clothing and accessories to choose from.
Before you head out of town to shop at the mall or department stores, stop in to JB Fashions and have a look around. The store is large enough to carry a wide selection of items, yet small enough that you won’t get lost.
We carry Men’s and Ladies clothing and accessories, as well as Skateboarding fashions for enthusiasts of all ages.
Assistance with a selection is always available, but we promise that no pushy sales people will make your shopping experience an uncomfortable one!
We believe that shopping should be fun, not stressful. We're always here to help and offer advice, but we get it if you just want browse at your own leisure.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.906
Retrieved Text: The countdown is on to one of the biggest events on the local social calendar, the Goondiwindi Picnic Races. With only two weeks to go fashionistas are busy preparing their outfits, ready for April 6. One of this year's fashions on the field judges is Sammie O'Brien. Sammie is a lifestyle TV presenter on Channel 7 but has taken a few months off and headed to the bush to work on cattle stations. "It’s the best decision I’ve ever made!" Sammie said the most important thing when it came to fashion was to dress to your body shape and what you feel comfortable in, and then adjust this to what the season/trend is. "You’ve got to be comfortable first, to have a cracker of a day," she said. "I don’t think you necessarily need to spend a lot of money to look fabulous. There are so many places now creating beautiful millinery pieces, headbands and accessories that are really affordable. I think accessories are a great way to finish off a look and complement your outfit. I also love supporting little, local designers." And sorry ladies, Sammie said, "my major don’t, is never take your shoes off". The committee have been busy with new works being completed at the track including new elevated areas, gardens and entry gates. Another new feature is the introduction of online tickets. President Casey Simpson said, “We’re constantly looking for ways to improve our event, and online ticketing was a logical next step for us. Many of our racegoers spend a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.748775
Retrieved Text: We leave winter behind and step into spring! And the fashions we wear are a step back — to the ’50s. Retro looks and feminine touches are all the rage and today Lorraine Anderson, head seamstress at The Occasional Woman, gives you ideas for how to be fun, floral and femme for the new season. Kitten heels, cinched waists, and full skirts decorated with floral prints will have you feeling all girly and glam.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.732466
Retrieved Text: Get fashionable for some high flying adventures with Sisi as she takes on the role of an aviatrix in this fun paced dress up! Customize everything and keep it colorful as you take to the skies in style.
She's small but she's styling! Cute elf hats and fantasy freckles make this Gnomette a wonder to behold. Dress her up in tons of fantasy fun outfits with matching backgrounds.
Fluttering fashions and delicate dancing. This colorful dance fairy likes her aerial ballets to coordinate with her unearthly fashions. Style her with cute wings and tutus in this fantasy fashion dancing adventure.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.73241
Retrieved Text: Create cute, trendy summer footwear for yourself or a friend! Custom decorate flip flops and craft barefoot sandals.
Create cute, trendy summer footwear for yourself or a friend! Custom decorate a pair of flip flops and create barefoot sandals - beaded anklets can be worn with shoes or without. Get step-by-step instructions on beading & stringing. Course fee includes basic supplies. Join us for this fun workshop be ready with spring and summer foot fashions.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.662003
Retrieved Text: Amber Riley is doing her thang!
After taking home the mirror ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars last season, the actress-singer is now stepping into the world of fashion…and she's winning there, too!
Amber and her sister Ashley recently launched the Rileyland Fashions, a website that sells one-of-a-kind pieces that flatter the curvy woman’s figure. “My sister and I are clothes fanatics and since so many of my curvier fans always express that they like my clothes I thought why not clean out my closet and fill up all of yours,” Amber wrote on her Facebook.
But after launching this month, the line has already sold out! The line consists of dresses, shoes, and blouses, but it looks like Amber and her sis may have to expand for the overwhelming demand. "We are overjoyed!!!! Thank you ladies for showing us love! We are working hard to restock Rileyland Fashions with new stuff! We will keep you updated,” a message reassures on the company’s Instagram page.
At the time of this post, the Rileyland Fashions site is down in order to update with more fashions, but head on over to Instagram to see the fly pieces that flew off the virtual shelves.
The fifth season of "Glee" will return for episode nine on Tuesday, Feb. 25 at 8 p.m. EST on Fox.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.579708
Retrieved Text: Must-Have Stuff for Your Teen Sims to Express Their Unique Style!
Give your teen Sims everything they need to express their unique style with The Sims 2 Teen Style Stuff! Now your teen Sims can show some attitude with all-new, unique furniture, decor items, fashions and more with three distinct themes-"Goth," "Thrasher," and "Socialite." Give your Sims a new stereo, TV, and other gadgets to keep them up to date and in touch with their friends. Make sure your Sims are always sporting the latest teen fashions including track suits, designer jeans, and yoga outfits. Let your young Sims express themselves in ways only teenagers can!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.519472
Retrieved Text: RazzleDAZZLE! Every woman wants to look her best. CHICK’S designer boutiques ensure that you will!
We admit it: we love it that women come in all shapes and sizes. It’s part of what makes us each who we are! You’ll be warmly, comfortably welcomed to Chick’s and you’ll leave bearing beautiful clothes showing off your personal style to best advantage.
The great news? Everybody can afford the fabulous fashions at CHICK’S! And they are fabulous: CHICK’S offers one-of-a-kind designer dresses…gorgeous jackets…floaty, romantic blouses…elegant linen skirts…washable silks…and stylish jewelry, handbags and accessories from around the world.
Linda travels to New York several times yearly to meet designers and personally select the most gorgeous fashions and stunning accessories from France, Italy, exotic Bali, dreamy India and Turkey, as well as perfect American pieces – chic, flattering, cosmopolitan styles you just won’t find anywhere else!
Once Linda’s team learns your preferred taste, she even selects from her designers with you in mind. With such personal service offered in a one-of-a-kind antiques setting akin to Anthropologie, CHICK’S will quickly become your favorite clothing store you’ll look forward to visiting often.
Come soon and meet the women of CHICK’S at Stoney Creek Plaza on Limestone Road in Wilmington, or in our flagship boutique in Chesapeake City, Maryland. We look forward to meeting you and learning your favorite colors, styles and accessory choices. Linda’s first shop, Tattered Treasures in Chesapeake City, featured beautiful classical antiques and architectural salvage with French or Italian flair, gift items and jewelry.
That shop gave way to the first CHICK’S, a full-fledged women’s

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.494377
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Purple Bedroom Ideas!
Purple is one of the most popular colors in home fashions this year. Decorate a purple bedroom masterpiece using the ideas here in this website.
Everything from purple bedding comforters to purple bedroom decor. There are a ton of decorating ideas for creating your own purple bedroom.
No matter what your budget, you will find creative and innovative ways to design your own majestic purple bedroom. There are so many diversified ways to use purple in a bedroom theme.
​You can use it as a stand alone or as part of Moroccan royal dream. Here you will find all the latest styles and fashions in purple bedroom decor.
Purple is the hottest color of the year and this is the hottest place to find the best in purple decorating ideas. Design something that's unique, rare and one of a kind by combining all of these items to make your own design. There is no one way to create a room in the color purple, be yourself, be free and choose decor items that stand out to you.
Create fantastic purple wall art using old picture frames, spray paint and some wrapping paper or fabric. Using different sizes and shapes, you can re-purpose old picture frames to make beautiful art for your purple bedroom.
Step 1: Repaint your old picture frames in ANY color you like. Black and white are very universal but using bright colors like lime green and hot pink is also an option depending on your room color scheme.
Step 2: Find a purple wrapping paper or

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.394497
Retrieved Text: From the latest advancements in home technology and eco-friendly products, to step-by-step installation guides and design ideas — here you'll find the information you need to get your next project off to a great start!
Get style tips, trend alerts, and design ideas that'll help you stay up-to-date with the latest home design fashions.
Our buyers guides will help walk you through all the options to consider and questions to ask yourself when making a new purchase for your home. Select your products of interest from the menu below for expert advice and shopping tips.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.390295
Retrieved Text: Discover the complete range of quality venetian blinds by the experienced team at Australian Window Fashions in Geelong. Stylish and easy to keep clean, our venetians come in a range of colours and designs. Choose from timber or aluminium blinds in a selection of slat widths starting from 25mm.
Browse the many aluminium and wooden venetian blind designs available from Australian Window Fashions below. We customise the size of your blinds to perfectly fit your window and ensure you are 100% completely satisfied with the finished result. All venetians come with a warranty for your peace of mind. Contact us online or call (03) 5223 2143 to arrange a no obligation measure and quote.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.367203
Retrieved Text: When it comes to Autumn/Winter fashions for your child, shoes are at the top of the list. Besides being fashionable enough for school picture day, or the family Thanksgiving dinner, they need to be comfortable, and most of all – fit perfectly!
We've divided our picks into two categories: Classic Kid and Urban Hipster, with options for kids of any age. You can figure out your child's shoe personality with these trendsetter choices from Jenzy that will keep your child’s feet warm (and stylish) as they step into fall.
Our classic kids picks are timeless styles that not only have a classic look, but are well crafted and durable enough for everyday use. You can't go wrong with Brands including Pediped, Young Soles, and See Kai Run!
No matter what trendy shoe you choose, be sure to use the Jenzy app to size your child’s foot perfectly. After you size, you can shop for all of these shoes with the best sizes already pre-filtered - which takes the guesswork out of picking the size. That means more time rocking these new kicks and less time returning shoes that don’t fit. Happy sizing!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.354952
Retrieved Text: Home Swimming pools Swimming lanes to please and keep in form!
Swimming lanes are a kind of lengthy pool that, along with being an area for rest and recreation, can also be perfect for swimming fanatics. Indoor or outside, this pool is characterised by its restricted width, normally between two and 5 meters, and an extended size than different pool fashions, starting from eight to 25 meters. It’s exactly these options that give swim lanes the power to give you house to apply your favourite sport. On this publication, we take a look at about 20 fashions of pools of this kind to present you ideas for constructing a swim lane exterior or inside your home.
The swimming pool kind swimming pools provide us the chance to have enjoyable within the open air whereas occupying little or no house in comparison with the standard pools. This particularity of those fashions permits those that personal a small backyard to profit from a swimming pool, with out sacrificing all of their inexperienced house.
Outdoor swimming lanes, a compact and fashionable resolution that can spotlight the shapes of your home!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.348593
Retrieved Text: • Basic vehicles e.g. “They weren’t even alive when the Jaguar E-Type was in production, in fact, neither were you!”These are three varieties of fashions you should purchase for your self, however go off as being on your kids. They’re fashions that your kids can play with – they will not have small components or something hazardous on them – however they most likely will not play with them any longer than they must, to keep away from showing ungrateful.1. Fashions of vehicles from TV collection or movies you like, however they solely have a passing curiosity inYour toddler would possibly nicely declare to like a collection like James Bond simply as a lot as you do, however their fandom solely extends to the Daniel Craig imaginative and prescient of Bond we have been seeing since 2006.Certain, Craig’s Bond vehicles have been memorable in their very own methods – however they weren’t any means close to as enjoyable because the Bond vehicles of yesteryear. All of us bear in mind the Lotus Esprit submarine, or the Aston Martin DB5 with its front-mounted weapons, bulletproof display screen and rotating quantity plate.Naturally, there are a selection of lovingly crafted fashions of those items of filmic historical past – all with their ejector seats and pop-up gun barrels in tact. You should buy these with the noble intent of introducing your daughter or son to the sooner eras of James Bond.With the sooner Bond vehicles being that bit extra madcap than their fashionable predecessors, your kids will nearly actually

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.306734
Retrieved Text: The second of the two Dynamite Girls in my Christmas in July pile! I love neckties on my ladies and I love Neve's mixed ethnic background. Naturally, I loved Neve's new incarnation and she had to come home with me! I'm tempted to free her tied-up curls like I've done with my first Neve but I suppose they need some variety in hair style.
Here's Neve and Jasper posing on Bebe's car at sundown....Loving Neve's "leather" boots like I love Jaspers!
Hello from Spain: I love your new doll and her hair. I also really like the jacket she wears. I love your collection of dolls. Keep in touch.
Congratulations and thanks for sharing! Your photo of Neve outside the telephone booth is my favorite - I wonder if she'll step into the booth and emerge as Super Doll ;-D.
If you like dolls with a mixed ethnic background, you might find the Mixis dolls by YNU Group interesting. I've started a Pinterest board for them. I like their rounder builds and their strong, ethnic faces. Their fashions are nice, too.
Hey, Super D is not a bad idea! I've always wanted to photograph that phone booth and never had a chance to share until now.
Will check out your Pinterest for sure!

================



======= Instance Index 132 =========
Input Text: The word "segment" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: Segment a compound word.
Sentence 2: Segment an orange.

Target Text: Yes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.730091
Retrieved Text: A hyphen (-) is a punctuation mark that is used to join words or to separate the syllables of a single word. It’s not like a simple dash or something. It is usually used with a compound modifier when the modifier comes before the word it’s modifying. If you don’t know what compound modifier is then let me tell you it is a compound of two or more attributive words: that is, two or more words that collectively modify a noun.
Let’s a Hyphens’ main purpose is to glue words together. They notify the reader that two or more elements in a sentence are linked. Although there are rules and customs governing hyphens, there are also situations when writers must decide whether to add them for clarity. Hyphens’ main objective is to glue all the words together and to make the reader understand that how elements are linked in a sentence. People tend to use it wrongly most of the times, for this purpose let’s see some of the simple rules for suing a Hyphen.
Using hyphens to connect words is easy but choosing the appropriate words which makes sense is difficult. A compound modifier is made up of two words that work together to act like an adjective so when you connect it through a hyphen it makes a sense to the readers as a one unit meaning.
Don’t take down any load-bearing walls when renovating.
So, generally hyphen is used when two words are functioning together as an adjective before the noun. If the noun comes first then

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.750242
Retrieved Text: (Nanowerk News) According to a new technical market research report, Molecular, Nanoscale and Atomic Imaging—NAN046A from BCC Research (www.bccresearch.com), the U.S. market for molecular, nanoscale, and atomic imaging was worth some $1.6 billion in 2006 and is expected to increase to $1.8 billion in 2007 and $4.2 billion by 2012, a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 18.5% over the next five years.
The market is broken down into applications of imaging hardware and imaging probes. Of these segments, imaging hardware represents 69.7% of the total molecular, nanoscale, and atomic imaging market with a value of $1.3 billion in 2007. This segment is expected to grow with a compound annual growth rate of 18% to exceed $2.8 billion in 2012.
Within the imaging systems market, scanning electron microscopes captured the largest share with a value of $295.8 million in 2007. This segment is expected to grow with a compound annual growth rate of 15.2%, reaching $601.3 million by 2012.
Probe reagents for molecular, nanoscale, and atomic imaging are valued at $546.2 million in 2007 and are expected to grow with a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 19.4%, reaching $1.3 billion in 2012.
Molecular probes, including fluorescent and bioluminescent tags, represent the largest segment of the U.S. market for imaging probes, with a value of $326.5 million in 2007. This market is expected to have a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 15.1%, exceeding $660.5 million in 2012.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.637112
Retrieved Text: Isolated handwritten character recognition has been the subject of intensive research during the last decades. Balinese script is considered to be one of the complex scripts from Southeast Asia. The alphabet and numeral of Balinese script is composed of ±100 character classes including consonants, vowels, diacritics, and some other special compound characters. In the scope of this competition, we will focus on scripts written on palm leaf whose characters are even more elaborate in ancient written form. The main objective of this challenge is to be able to efficiently and accurately recognize the isolated characters of Balinese scripts. A dataset will be provided for feature extraction and data training. A set of image patches containing individual Balinese character or compound character from the original manuscript will be used as input, and a correct class of each character should be identified as a result.
By using our collection of word-level annotated patch images, we applied binarization process to extract automatically all connected component found on the word patch images. The balinese philologists annotated manually the segment of connected component that represent a correct character in Balinese script. All the data that has been segmented and annotated at character level will serve as our isolated character dataset.
Note: Number of samples for each classes is different. Some classes are oftenly used in our collection of palm leaf manuscripts, but some others are rarely used.
The results are ranked according to the recognition rate, i.e., the percentage of correctly classified samples over the test samples : C/N, where C is the number

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.793985
Retrieved Text: According to a new market report published by Lucintel, the future in the global polyethylene (PE) compound market is promising with opportunities in the pipe and fitting, wire and cable, film and sheet and others application. The global polyethylene compound market is expected to reach an estimated $10.5 billion by 2023 with a CAGR of 4.8% from 2018 to 2023. The major drivers for this market are growing residential and non-residential construction activities, and replacement of aging pipelines.
Browse 90 market data tables and 111 figures spread through 222 pages and in-depth TOC on “Global Polyethylene Compound Market"
In this market, different types of polyethylene compound such as HDPE, LDPE and Others are used as resin type. On the basis of comprehensive research, Lucintel forecasts that the HDPE is expected to remain the largest segment by value and volume due to superior toughness, crack resistance, and easy processability properties.
Within this market, pipe and fitting is expected to remain the largest application by value and volume due to growth in development of water and sewage disposal infrastructure. Lucintel predicts that the wire and cable application segment will witness the highest growth in the forecast period due to higher electrical and mechanical properties than PVC compound.
Asia Pacific (APAC) is expected to remain the largest region by value and volume and is also expected to experience the highest growth over the forecast period due to growth in infrastructure and construction industry and increasing demand of film and packaging products.
An emerging trend, which has a direct impact on the dynamics of the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.702202
Retrieved Text: Skill � Compound Words Name: _____ Grade 1 - Language 3. tooth + brush = 4. sun + light = 5. play + ground = 6. foot + ball = Skill � Compound Words Name: _____ Grade 1 - Language �www.HaveFunTeaching.com Compound Words Answer Key A compound word is made from two shorter words. Examples: air + plane = airplane play + ground = playground Directions: Read the two words�... Using Compound Words Worksheet - Fill in Blank, students fill in the blanks with the correct compound words to complete the sentence. Your students will encounter compound words in many of the books and passages that they read.
Using Compound Words Worksheet - Fill in Blank, students fill in the blanks with the correct compound words to complete the sentence. Your students will encounter compound words in many of the books and passages that they read. processing of milk in dairy industry pdf If a compound word cannot be thought of or is used twice, the student is out. The last student standing wins! Then, students complete worksheet with a partner or independently. Once finished with the worksheet, challenge students to write sentences using compound words from the worksheet.
3. Draw a Cardand say the compound word. Write the word before the equals sign on the Practice Mat. 4. What two smaller words add up to make the compound word? Write the smaller words before and after the plus sign. 5. Record the compound word next to its picture on the worksheet. Record the two smaller words in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.438759
Retrieved Text: A compound preposition is formed with more than one word, but it is exactly like a simple preposition. The last word of a compound preposition is always one of the simple prepositions, so it will be easy to recognize compound prepositions. You will notice that many of the following compound prepositions are formed with a directional word and the simple preposition de. Remember that if a directional word is used without de, it is no longer considered a preposition. The most common compound prepositions indicate location. The following are some compound prepositions of location. Other compound prepositions are more idiomatic.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.267982
Retrieved Text: Operative notes contain essential details of surgical procedures and are an important form of clinical documentation. Sections within operative notes segment provide high level note structure. We evaluated the HL7 Implementation Guide for Clinical Document Architecture Release 2.0 Operative Note Draft Standard for Trial Use (HL7-ON DSTU) Release 1 as well as Logical Observation Identifiers Names and Codes (LOINC®) section names on 384 unique section headers from 362,311 operative notes. Overall, HL7-ON DSTU alone and HL7-ON DSTU with LOINC® section headers covered 66% and 79% of sections headers (93% and 98% of header instances), respectively. Section headers contained large numbers of synonyms, formatting variation, and variation of word forms, as well as smaller numbers of compound sections and issues with mismatches in header granularity. Robust operative note section mapping is important for clinical note interoperability and effective use of operative notes by natural language processing systems. The resulting operative note section resource is made publicly available.
Studies in health technology and informatics. 2015 ;216():821-6.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.115519
Retrieved Text: From my experience, teaching compound words is one of many fun literacy concepts to teach! Kids really enjoy putting two words together to make a new word, or taking a word apart to make a two new words. For most children, this is a time when they become aware that there are parts to words. This apple compound words printable is great to add to your plans this fall to practice this fun reading skill.
This activity is great to use for independent practice as a follow-up to a lesson on compound words. This could be a way to check comprehension of compound words and reinforce what they are.
It’s simple to prepare – just print out enough copies for your child or students, and with limited supplies you are ready to go!
We got busy cutting out the words from the word bank on the bottom. Some words are duplicates, which provides an extra challenge and really encourages kids to think, “Does this make sense?” before committing to gluing the word down.
First, we grabbed up “shelf.” Which word would make sense when combined with shelf? We checked using the process of elimination at first. “homeshelf?” No…. “Workshelf?” Still not quite right.
“Bookshelf!” Once we had settled on the answer – we glued the word underneath its apple match.
We kept reading and gluing until all of the words had been matched up.
Ask children to look around their house or classroom for compound words. You can record these on the back of the paper.
Make a list of at least 10 compound

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.09321
Retrieved Text: Shady forests, wooded areas, urban parks, wetlands, and gardens.
Half-black bumble bee is a common, small, colonial, ground-nesting bumble bee.
The female (worker) bee is ¼″ to ⅝″ long. The head, thorax, and abdomen are densely covered with relatively long hairs. The upperside of the thorax is mostly covered with yellow hairs except for a small, round, black, bare spot in the middle that is more or less fringed with short black hairs.
There are six abdominal segments. The first two are densely covered with yellow hairs. On segment 2 the yellow portion is occasionally narrowed slightly in the middle rear (apically) with black hairs. Segments 3 through 6 are entirely black.
The hairs on the head are mostly black but there is a dense tuft of yellowish hairs at the top (vertex). There are two large compound eyes, one on each side of the head; and three small simple eyes (ocelli) in a triangular pattern at the top of the head between the compound eyes. The middle ocellus is larger than the the two lateral ones. The top of the small (lateral) ocelli are on a virtual line (supraorbital line) with the top of the compound eyes. There are long black hairs and a few shorter pale hairs around the base of the antennae. The antennae have 12 segments. The first antenna segment is longer than the second or third, but shorter than the two combined. The space below the compound eye (malar space) corresponding to the cheek, is longer than wide. The hardened plate above the upper lip

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.064743
Retrieved Text: According to the latest market report published by Transparency Market Research, titled 'Orange Extract Market: Global Industry Analysis 2013-2017 and Opportunity Assessment 2018-2028', revenue generated from the global orange extract market has been estimated to be valued around US$ 536.2 Mn in 2018, which is projected to increase at a CAGR of 5.1% during the forecast period (2018-2028).
Driving factors such as the demand for fresh fruity flavors, consumer preference for natural food additives, and health consciousness contribute to the accelerating growth of the orange extract market. Orange extract is highly consumed in the North American region, expected to account for around 34.4% share during the forecast period, owing to highest utilization in the region. Increased market penetration in developing and developed economies makes the orange extract market a highly competitive one, resulting in continuous product launches by the key players of orange extract. Players in the market such as Döhler GmbH and McCormick & Company, Inc. are well-known for their premium quality of orange extract. These companies spend appreciably on promoting their brands online as well as other channels, and hence, have high visibility and premium placement on retail shelves. Thus, consumers are more inclined towards buying branded orange extract as a sign of premium quality.
Being a developing economy and with an increased number of food processing industries, Asia Pacific holds the highest market share in the orange extract market as compared to other regions, due to the highest consumption of orange extract, factors such as favorable government policies on natural food additives, and inclining application

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.019764
Retrieved Text: This blog post is the third post in the series 'Derivation in Nepali'. In the previous posts (An Introduction to Derivation in Nepali and Derivation in Nepali: Affixation), we gave a brief introduction to derivations in Nepali and discussed the process of affixation. In the blog post, we'll be discussing another common process of word formation due to derivation call compounding.
Compounding is the process of word formation in which two or more words combine to form new words. A word formed due to compounding is called a compound word (समस्त शब्द) and contains more than on root/stem.
A determinative compound is formed when the first word loses its case marker (विभक्ति चिन्ह) when combining with the second root. Such compounds express the meaning of the second root and the meaning of the first word is lost in the process. There are six types of determinative compounds, all of which are listed and described in Table 1.
When a numeral adjective (सङ्ख्यावाचक विशेषण) and collective noun (समूहवाचक नाम) combine, a numeral compound is formed. Some of such compounds are given in Table 2.
All the independent words forming an appositional compound have equal importance. Types and example of appositional compounds are given in Tabel 3.
An adverbial compound is usually an indeclinable word (अव्यय) formed when two indeclinable words or any other words combine. Some of such compounds are listed in Table 4.
An attributive compound is an adjective, which is formed when two or more words combine. An attributive compound expresses a new meaning, which is different from that of the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.933031
Retrieved Text: - Definition & Examples In this lesson, you will learn how to identify simple machines. In addition, you will learn what differentiates a simple machine from a compound machine.
A compound noun is a type of compound word that is used to designate a person, place or thing. Compound nouns can be formed in several ways, which is one reason that the writing of these words in English can be tricky.
Transparency of definitions Definition worksheet Simple Machine Field Trip worksheet. Special Arrangements / Alternatives: Space for groups to work. ... Just like simple machines, compound machines make work easier. 7. Can anyone think of some examples of compound machines? 8. Generate a class list.
Math formulas, definitions, properties, diagrams and examples. Looking for something specific at Coolmath? You can use my online math dictionary to find it. Get the definition you need and, if I have more info on the subject (like a lesson or examples), I'll point you to it from there.
A simple machine is a device that can change the direction or the magnitude of a force, or the point where it is applied. This is done so that the force can be used to do work. All mechanical machines are made by combining simple machines.
Simple machines make work easier for us by allowing us to push or pull over increased distances. There are SIX simple machines: Type: Example: Activity: 1. Pulley - How Stuff Works. A pulley is a simple machine that uses grooved wheels and a rope to raise, lower or move a load.
Compound

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.917915
Retrieved Text: If want a sumptuous Christmas feast on a budget, look no further than this delicious ham special.
Juice 2 oranges. Peel and segment remaining orange (see note). Combine jam, mustard and 1/2 cup orange juice in a jug.
Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add half the steaks. Cook for 2 minutes each side, basting with 1 tablespoon jam mixture, or until lightly browned. Transfer to a platter. Cover to keep warm. Repeat with 1 tablespoon jam mixture and remaining steaks. Transfer to platter.
Add remaining jam mixture and 2 tablespoons cold water to pan. Stir to combine. Add orange segments. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer for 3 minutes or until slightly thickened.
Serve steaks topped with orange segment mixture.
To segment oranges, remove peel and pith. Using a small knife, cut down either side of membrane to release segments.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.85323
Retrieved Text: North America Compound Feed Market was worth $119.77 billion in 2018 and estimated to be growing at a CAGR of 1.30%, to reach $127.76 billion by 2023. The North America Compound Feed market is developing at a significant rate due to the increase in the livestock population.
Compound feed is a combination of raw materials and supplements, sourced from either plants or animals, fed to the livestock orally. Most commonly used raw materials are soybean, corn, barley; wheat and sorghum. Most common additives to form compound feed are, minerals, amino acids, antibiotics and colorants. Compound feed has become an essential part of the globally increasing livestock industry and meat production industry. The end users of the compound feed are poultry, pig, ruminants, fish etc.
The growth of the North America Compound feed market is mainly due to factors such as the growth in the meat consumption and surge in awareness towards meat quality and safety. Increase in consumer awareness about the benefits of organic food and meat led to increase in consumption which in turn lead to an increase in demand for organic feed.The North American governments have imposed a ban on the use of antibiotics as a growth promoter. The ban has led livestock producers in these regions to identify new ways to stimulate production and deliver the same benefits provided by antibiotic growth promoters at an affordable price. Increasing costs of raw materials and operations are the major restraining factors for this market.
The North America Compound feed market is segmented based on Ingredients, Supplements and Animal

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.800718
Retrieved Text: E-Market Research provides research study on Compound Feed market reports. It offers the comparative assessment of Compound Feed market and consist of Historical data, Significance, statistical data, size & share, Market Price & Demand, Business overview, Market Analysis By Product and Market Trends by Key Players. This Compound Feed Market is Segmented in two type on the basis of type of materials and end-users. It has global market covered in all the regions, ranging to that fundamental market, key trends and segmentation analysis are coated through out Compound Feed market report.
A competitive landscape that identifies the major competitors of the global market and their Compound Feed market share are further highlighted in this research report. A deliberate profiling of major competitors of the Compound Feed market as well as a innovative analysis of their current developments, core competencies and investments in each segment are also elaborated in the research report.
This report additionally represents product specification, method and product cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. Table, figure, charts, TOCs, chapters etc provided by Compound Feed industry. Crystal clear data to the client giving a brief details on Compound Feed markets and its trends. Compound Feed new project SWOT analysis, investment practicableness business analysis, investment come analysis and development trend analysis. The rising opportunities of the fastest growing competational Compound Feed markets segments are covered throughout this report.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.799894
Retrieved Text: Using Compound Words Matching Worksheet, students two parts of a picture together to build compound words.
Your students will encounter compound words in many of the books and passages that they read. This activity familiarizes your students commonly found compound words.
Cut out the compound word cards, then put them back together to make compound words.
Introduce this worksheet by writing word equations like "butter + fly = ________". Have students help you fill in the blanks with compound words. Then, students complete worksheet with a partner or independently. Once finished matching, challenge students to write sentences using compound words from the worksheet.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.771929
Retrieved Text: home / study / math / algebra / algebra questions and answers / What Is The Key Word For A Union Solution Set Of A Compound Inequality?
Question: What is the key word for a union solution set of a compound inequality?
What is the key word for a union solution set of a compound inequality?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.701624
Retrieved Text: Beets give this cranberry-orange sauce a vibrant magenta hue. Use leftover sauce to top pancakes or oatmeal, and as an alternative to jam in PB&J sandwiches; it will keep for a week.
To supreme clementines: Slice off fruit ends with a small, sharp knife. Stand fruit on a flat end and slice off all peel and pith in vertical strips, following the curves of the fruit. You’ll see membranes separating each segment. Slice each segment away from the membranes on either side. These segments are supremes.
In a saucepan, combine the beets, cranberries, orange juice, clementine supremes, orange rind, dates, and garlic. Let the mixture cook on medium-low heat, covered, until beets are very tender, about 10 to 15 minutes.
Using a potato masher or hand blender, mash or blend the beets to your preferred texture—a little chunky or silky smooth.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.676916
Retrieved Text: Using a sharp chef’s knife, trim the top and bottom of each orange. Stand each orange on a flat side and gently run the knife around the outside, slicing off the very thin orange skin, making sure to leave any pith (the white part) behind, as it is bitter. Slice the skins into very thin strips and place into a medium pot.
Run the knife around each orange again to remove all the pith; discard the pith. To segment the oranges, hold a fully peeled orange in your hand over the pot (to catch the juices). Using a sharp paring knife, begin cutting out the individual orange segments, separating them from the membrane, and drop the segments into the pot. At the end, squeeze out the leftover membrane and catch the juices in the pot. Repeat with the remaining oranges. (For a visual, look up “how to segment an orange” online).
Add the water and sugar to the pot. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low, and gently simmer until the marmalade has thickened and most of the water has evaporated, stirring occasionally, 30-40 minutes.
Transfer the marmalade to a jar and refrigerate until cool. (It might be refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 10 days, or frozen for several months).
Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 375° F.
Place the baguette slices on a baking sheet and drizzle lightly with oil. Bake for about 8 minutes, until crisp and lightly golden.
To serve, top each crostini with a teaspoon of marmalade and a small slice of cheese.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.629292
Retrieved Text: Therefore, the syntactic rules of English care about the difference between dog and dogs, because the choice between these two forms determines which form of the verb is used.
We've started talking blithely about words and morphemes as if it were obvious that these categories exist and that we know them when we see them. In accordance with this, we can introduce other material into the white space between the words: By this criterion bodbiz, Chicom, Comsymp, Intelsat, midcult, pro-am, photo op, sci-fi, and sitcom are all compounds made of clippings.
As an example, the root of the verb "running" is "run," and the root of the adjective "amplified" is "ampli-," since those words are clearly derived from the root forms by simple suffixes that do not significantly alter the roots.
Is it the Latin "bi" meaning "two" or the Greek "bi" meaning "life" that is the root for "bisect? In these cases it is difficult to know whether the resultant formation should be treated as a clipping or as a blendfor the border between the two types is not always clear.
Additionally, they can be bound morphemes that are inflectional affixes. Most bound morphemes in English are affixesparticularly prefixes and suffixes. In the case of Chinese, the eminent linguist Y. It is therefore a matter of fiat and not a question of fact whether to apply the word "word" to a type of subunit in the Chinese sentence.
Unrelated to the homonym cran with the meaning a case of herringsthis cran actually comes from crane the birdalthough the connection is

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.487854
Retrieved Text: Segments are mutable arrays of bytes. They are used to hold what files hold in other systems and also to provide the virtual memory for user mode programs.
The description of segments in the architecture paper is the densest part of a dense paper. Indeed describing the exact function of KeyKos segments has resisted all attempts at lucidity so far. Yet those who use them find them easy to understand. So here goes yet another attempt with an emphasis on rationale, which often aids understanding.
Several standard segment keepers are available that suit conventional file semantics and thus few KeyKos programmers need even the details described here. Yet knowledge of just this much makes it possible to know when to match the application implementation more closely to the deeper system architecture, if performance or space are an issue. Sometimes the Keykos segment structure yields a simpler solution than conventional file semantics, or solutions to problems unavailable in conventional systems.
By contrast Keykos segments are of many sizes and recursively composed of other (usually) smaller segments, down to the page. The entire address space and the individual page are themselves segments in our terminology. The largest segments may be larger than an address space.
Starting from the primitive pages there are four primitive ways of composing new derivative segments from old segments: concatenation, windowing, making read-only and keeping. Each of these derivatives leaves the old segment intact and functional. The derivative does not consume or displace its input!
Several component segments can be concatenated together to form a larger compound segment and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.466696
Retrieved Text: 1. Place the cream and icing sugar in a bowl and lightly whip.
2. Divide the orange and mango equally between 4 sundae dishes, then add the coulis.
3. Top with the cream and meringue pieces, garnish with an orange segment and mint. Serve immediately.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.420622
Retrieved Text: Acrylic Acid Market was valued at $11,006.6 million in 2013, and is expected to reach $18,824.0 million by 2020, supported by a CAGR of 7.6% during the forecast period 2014 to 2020. Acrylic acid is an organic compound having characteristic tart or acrid smell. A large portion of this compound is used as a feedstock for obtaining acrylate esters. Acrylate esters have a broad spectrum of application in paper treatment, plastic additives, textiles, sealants, adhesives, and surface coatings.
Industries are developing and commercializing processes for producing it from petrochemicals. Due to the rising price of oil globally, manufacturers are using bio-based techniques to produce this unsaturated carboxylic acid and acrylates from renewable resources such as glycerol, sugar, etc. Renewable feedstock shows cost competitive outcomes as compared to petrochemical routes. The global consumption rate is anticipated to reach 8,169.0 kilo tons by 2020. Applications in Detergents, Adult Incontinence and Personal Care Products have contributed to the increased demand for acrylic acid.
The factors that are driving the growth are soaring demand for superabsorbent polymers, widespread adoption of acrylic-based products in emerging economies such as Asia Pacific and growing industries such as adhesives and sealants. Stringent government regulations are imposed on the use of this organic compound due to increasing environmental concerns in regions such as North America, Europe, etc., to protect the environment and prevent occupational exposure. Due to the potential restraints, its growth is restricted. Producers are focusing on research and development to find the bio-based roots for the production to increase their market share and size. Moreover,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.394098
Retrieved Text: lumpy darkness: primary mirror done!
The James Webb Space Telescope primary mirror assembly is complete! A robot placed the final compound mirror segment.
The completion of the primary mirror is a significant milestone. It will be launched in 2018.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.366379
Retrieved Text: This compound word worksheet is modified from the middle school vocabulary curriculum. It is excellent for special education students who require an alternate or modified curriculum.
There is one example at the top of the page to show students what to do. There are four compound words and students must write the two words that make up that compound word. Each word has a picture clue to assist students. These are all words that should be familiar to children.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.343052
Retrieved Text: ERP Evidence for Chinese Compound Word Recognition: Does Morpheme Work all the Time?
By holding the homophonic morpheme constants, the present study examined the effects of word frequency and morpheme frequency on the recognition of Chinese compound word using event-related potential (ERP) measurements and a delay response lexical decision task (LDT). The results revealed that low frequency word elicited less positivity when its initial morpheme with high-frequency in the time windows of 150-250ms,but a reverse ERPs pattern was elicited in time windows of 250-400ms; Different from Vergara-Martínez et al.’s (2009) results, the morpheme frequency effect of final morpheme showed a robust inhibitory frequency effect as words with high frequency morpheme elicited larger negativity in both 250-400ms and 400-500ms time windows for both high and low frequency compound words. Additionally, whole word frequency showed consistent facilitative effects ranged from 150 to 400 ms windows for initial morpheme word conditions, and from 250 to 500 ms windows for final morpheme word conditions. Our results suggested that morpheme frequency affects the processing of Chinese compound word, which depends on the whole word frequency and the position of a morpheme in a compound word, providing evidence for the sub-lexical representations in Chinese compound word, and the different role of constituents in compound word comprehension.
Andrews S. Morphological influences on lexical access: Lexical or nonlexical effects? Journal of Memory and Language 1986; 25, 726-740.
Andrews S. Frequency and neighborhood effects on lexical access: Activation or search? Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory and Cognition 1989; 15, 802-814.
Caramazza A, Laudanna A, Romani C. Lexical access

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.31948
Retrieved Text: Bungalower – The Orange Blossom Trail Development Board or ‘OBTDB” (Facebook |Website) has been awarded a $500,000 grant from the State of Florida’s Department of Economic Opportunity. The grand will fund a series of plans for an eight-mile segment of the Orange Blossom Trail Corridor, from Colonial Drive to SR-528.
GAI-CSG has been selected to develop the Master Plan, and will be working with the City of Orlando and Orange County to carry out the project.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.290535
Retrieved Text: Examples of compound subject and simple predicate?
Mary and Alice ate ice cream is an example. Mary and Alice are the two elements that constitute the compound subject, and ate ice cream is the simple predicate.
What is an example of a compound predicate?
Examples of subject and predicate?
subject= the person in a story predicate=what the story is telling about the person example Rex went to work. subject=rex predicate=went to work.
Compound Subject and Compound Predicate?
What is the compound subject and compound predicate in this sentance? My prefered subject is english literature.
What is an example of a compound subject and compound predicate?
The predicate is that part of the sentence that contains the verb.. He ran and jumped and shouted and cried.. 'He' is the subject.. 'ran and jumped and shouted and cried' is the predicate and because it contains more than one verb, it is a compound predicate.
What are examples of simple sentences with simple subject and compound predicate?
Simple subject and compound subject?
A simple subject is when a sentence is about just one person, placeor thing. A compound subject is when it's about more than oneperson, place, or thing.
Can you give me an example of a simple predicate?
"Ching eats roasted cats every day." Your simple predicate being the word "eats." Your complete predicate being "eats roasted cats every day."
What is a simple subject and a simple predicate?
The " simple subject' is the main word in the sentence that tell, " whom" or "what" the sentence is about Now on the other hand, the "simple predicate" or " verb" is the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.222425
Retrieved Text: Other Abstract Lexical ambiguity is a universal phenomenon in languages. For Chinese words,the lexical ambiguity occurs not only at the word level but also at the morphemic level. This paper aimed to investigate how different levels of semantic ambiguity influence the processing and representation of Chinese words.
In the first study, we explored the processing and representation of Chinese words with semantic ambiguity occurring at the word level. To be more specifically, in three separate experiments, we used eye-tracking technique to investigate whether senses of polysemous words and meanings of homonymous words are represented and processed similarly or differently in Chinese reading. Readers read sentences containing homonymous words (Experiment 1), polysemous words (Experiment 2), or both (Experiment 3). The contexts of text preceding the target words were manipulated to bias the participants toward reading the ambiguous words according to their dominant, subordinate, or neutral meanings. Similarly, disambiguating regions following the target words were also manipulated to favor either the dominant or subordinate meanings of ambiguous words. The results of these three experiments showed that there were similar eye movement patterns when Chinese participants read sentences containing homonymous and polysemous words. The study also found that participants took longer to read the target word and the disambiguating text following it when the prior context and disambiguating regions favored divergent meanings rather than the same meaning. These results suggested that homonymy and polysemy are represented similarly in the mental lexicon when a particular meaning (sense) is fully specified by disambiguating information. Furthermore, multiple meanings (senses) are represented in Chinese

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.200489
Retrieved Text: Jump to the MORE ABOUT section and see all " compound " links.
This page contains all Scrabble US words that contains length compound. We created this list by searching TWL06 dictionary; commonly used by Scrabble US players in USA. Anagrammer will also show you valid words for many other word games, such as Words With Friends, Letterpress as well as UK versions of those games. Make sure to visit Scrabble US Word Lists page to see not only words that contains length compound, but also other special words that will help you beat your opponent.
All intellectual property rights to the games including Scrabble dictionary, Boggle, Words with Friends, crossword solver, hangman are owned by their respective owners: Hasbro, Zynga, J.W. Spear & Mattel, etc. Mr. Anagrammer is not affiliated with any of the above companies. As a huge fan of words games, I built these cheat tools and word resources for educational purposes and as a supplement for word gamers around the world. Please use 8 letter words that contain COMPOUND responsibly and in a positive way to expand your vocabulary and improve your word game skills.

================



======= Instance Index 411 =========
Input Text: The word "appreciate" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: I appreciate your efforts.
Sentence 2: The yen appreciated again!

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.822533
Retrieved Text: In August, the Japanese market rose as a result of the weakening Yen towards the end of the month after Fed Chair Yellen raised expectations for an early rate hike during her Jackson Hole speech.
At the start of the month, the market declined and the Yen appreciated against the US dollar as a result of the decline in crude oil prices and uncertainty around the global market. Although the Cabinet approved the government’s JPY 28.1 trillion stimulus package on the 2nd, the market did not react as the stimulus was unchanged from what was previously reported. However, the market did rebound on the 4th when the BoJ announced that it had increased ETF purchases from JPY 34.7 billion to JPY 70.7 billion. US and European markets also gained when the Bank of England cut its policy rate and decided to expand quantitative easing, however the Japanese market lost momentum when the Yen appreciated as a result. When US employment data exceeded market expectations, the Japanese market also reacted positively led by undervalued financials. From mid-month, thin trading persisted and the market stagnated as the Yen gradually appreciated. However, expectation of an early US rate hike increased after Fed Chair Yellen’s speech at the Jackson Hole Economic Symposium, resulting in the Japanese market rallying towards the end of month as the Yen quickly weakened against the US dollar.
The TOPIX closed the month at 1,329.5 (up 0.5% MoM) and the Nikkei 225 at 16,887.4 (up 1.9% MoM).
In terms of sector performance, 18 sectors among 33 sectors gained. The

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.587952
Retrieved Text: IWATA (Yosefard) – Yamaha Motor Co., Ltd. reported its motorcycle business income in emerging markets rose thanks to improvements in product mix and cost reductions.
Strong earnings were achieved despite a fall in net sales value due to unit sales declines in countries including Indonesia and Brazil.
Total consolidated net sales of 778.3 billion yen were down 6.1 percent from the previous year and operating income of 65.4 billion yen was down 10.9 percent. Sales and income in developed markets decreased, largely the result of the appreciated yen.
By segment, unit sales of electrically power assisted bicycles rose in Japan. A significant increase in exports to Europe of E-kits, the drive units for these bicycles, helped the “other products” segment achieve net sales of 37.1 billion yen, up 3.5 percent, and operating income of 2.3 billion yen, up 51.6 percent.
Yamaha Motor is now forecasting full-year net sales of 1,500 billion yen, down 11.8% from the initial forecast, and operation income of 105 billion yen, down 12.5%, primarily due to weaker sales in developed markets due to the strong yen.
Motorcycles are expected to remain favorable in markets such as Vietnam, the Philippines and Taiwan.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.13772
Retrieved Text: A month after the 9.0 magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami that devastated its northeast coast, Japan faces a humanitarian tragedy, a drawn-out nuclear crisis and an expensive reconstruction. In the tightly integrated production networks of East Asia, there will be knock-on effects. Those countries holding yen-denominated loans – 60% of Thailand’s debt is in that currency – anticipated more onerous repayments as the yen appreciated. African partners will not go unscathed. South Africa’s Standard Bank offered an early assessment of the effects on Africa. Economists Simon Freemantle and Jeremy Stevensby predicted that recipients of Japanese aid – particularly Tanzania and Sudan – and major trade partners South Africa and Nigeria would be first to feel the tremors.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.135883
Retrieved Text: GDP of World : World economy in 2019 is projected around of US$88.08 trillion in nominal terms against US$84.84 trillion in 2018, according to IMF. Global GDP in terms of PPP forecasted around of Int$143.09 trillion against US$135.24 trillion in 2018.
Seychellois Rupee : appreciated by 2.73% from 13.99 SCR per USD to 13.61 SCR per USD.
Japanese Yen : appreciated by 2.64% from 112.68 JPY per USD to 109.71 JPY per USD.
Albanian Lek : appreciated by 2.55% from 110.84 ALL per USD to 108.02 ALL per USD.
Box office : Five movies has crossed $1 bn mark worldwide in 2018. Aquaman is the 37th movie of all time to achieve this mark.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.660938
Retrieved Text: Summary of Business Results for the First Quarter of the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2008 - News Releases | Yamaha Motor Co., Ltd.
Yamaha Motor Co., Ltd. (the "Company") announced its consolidated business results for the first quarter (January 1 through March 31, 2008) of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2008. Net sales decreased 9.0 percent from the previous first quarter, to 412.9 billion yen. Operating income, ordinary income and net income also dropped -- by 16.4 percent, to 31.1 billion yen, by 12.8 percent, to 34.2 billion yen, and by 11.6 percent, to 22.2 billion yen, respectively.
On the foreign exchange front, the average purchasing value of the yen against the U.S. dollar during the period under review appreciated by six yen from the previous first quarter, to 110 yen, and dropped by eleven yen against the euro, to 161 yen.
Broken down by business segment, motorcycle sales fell 6.4 percent from the previous first quarter, to 266.3 billion yen. This was mainly attributable to decreased demand in North America, coupled with the impact of the higher yen against the U.S. dollar, although sales in Indonesia, Thailand and Brazil expanded. Marine product sales dropped 12.8 percent, to 63.6 billion yen. Although sales were brisk in Russia, overall performance in the segment declined due mainly to decreased sales of outboard motors and delayed shipments of new personal watercraft models in North America, coupled with the impact of the higher yen against the U.S. dollar. Power product sales declined 14.1 percent, to 49.7 billion yen, primarily reflecting slow

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.411987
Retrieved Text: EVENT: Andrew Bukenya presents STRICTLY SOUL mardi gras Special on tonight feat. MK-1 & Beth Yen | SOUL OF SYDNEY FEEL-GOOD FUNK SOUL DISCO vibes & beyond.
EVENT: Andrew Bukenya presents STRICTLY SOUL mardi gras Special on tonight feat. MK-1 & Beth Yen pushing all kinds of Soul, Funk, Disco & Soulful House Vibes tonight at Oxford Hotel from 9pm.
I really like your wordpress design, wherever would you obtain it from?
I believe one of your ads triggered my internet browser to resize, you might want to put that on your blacklist.
This will be a terrific web site, might you be interested in doing an interview regarding how you designed it? If so e-mail me!
the best I have found so far.
Just a quick note to let you know that I appreciated your insights about the topic. Quite helpful for what I am interested in these days.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.219847
Retrieved Text: In times of recession, although some claim that the recession has ended already, the strength of currencies is very important for nations to maintain their economic power. While a strong dollar can damage the revival, and make imports more expensive as well as exports, Japan and the USA and Europe have had to deal with the amazing rise of the Yen over the last months.
Earlier this year the Yen reached its strongest point in 15 years compared to the USD but the currency did not stay as high and would soon drop again. One of the problems for Japan was that half of its exports to China are invoiced in yen, thus making its products less attractive. Luckily the country did not have to look for a credit loan and the Yen dropped in value again. Even though last week nations have stepped up and announced a verbal intervention to save the Yen. We looked at how the Yen grew this strong and its history. We also compared the Yen to other international markets and looked at its market share.
With thanks to Infographiclabs for another awesome graphic.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.025002
Retrieved Text: Two quick questions on travel in Japan.
1) When entering a home in Japan it is customary to remove your shoes. Are bare feet acceptable or should we have sockets or slippers to put on?
2) Is it cheaper to convert dollars to Yen in North America or wait until we get to Japan? Is there a lot of places to exchange currency?
Some credit cards do not charge a conversion fee, so see about getting one of those. I dont know about now, but 10 years ago you needed to go to certain banks to buy yen. If you are going with Doug, ask his advice as i am sure it has come up before.
Wear socks (without holes!). I bought a pair of slip-on dress shoes to ease the process. The Japanese are very quick taking off and putting on their shoes and i felt like a hold-up. What was really embarassing was how long it took me to hook the traditional tabi work shoes (toed shoes) after going inside!!!
Mastercard was accepted in more places than Visa... and withdrawal ATM's are around, though not prolific, need to ask where.
How much? enough for everything enroute that can not go on the MasterCard. Mostly for 3 or more meals a day.
having ended up barefoot to a few unexpected dinners, I recommend taking the smallest briefest socks that will fit rolled in your pocket: below ankle sport socks (MEC) of solid colour that you could put on in times of social discomfort as often I found it too wet too hot

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.014214
Retrieved Text: Dear. I want to inform you about the success in transferring the funds.I left $2.8 Million compensation for your efforts.Do contact my secretary mr james louise (JamesLouise871@gmail.com) in Benin Republic for your money .I appreciate your efforts so much. Regards. Patrick Ozougo Esq.
I want to inform you about the success in transferring the funds.I left $3.8 Million compensation for your efforts.Do contact my secretary Mrs. Cynthia Innocent.(cyntcent1@gmail.com) for your money .I appreciate your efforts so much.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.87155
Retrieved Text: Whitehouse is a motorcycle custom parts manufacturer, whose headquarters is located 30 minutes away from the center of Tokyo by car. Established more than 30 years ago by Mr.Ukai who had designed at Honda, we excel in designing custom complete motorcycles by using commercial ones. Since then, his talent has become well-recognized, and now Mr.Satou serves as head of Whitehouse. One of our work designed in the past is valued at the premium price of around 3 million yen, which exceeds the sales price at that time. CB1100-base K10 produced in 2010 has been well-received and about 200 of it have been already sold in Japan. Honda’s big bike, CB1100, is an easy-to-ride and high-quality popular model. They brought back the genes of old “K Series” loved in the 70s into the present once again, and pursued the body shape that the generations who had once wanted and dreamed it hoped to own and drive that coolness again. By combining their legend “K” and “10”, the completed year “2010”, we named it “CB1100 four K10”. K10, precisely reproduced CB750K which still have strong fans worldwide. It offers pleasure of riding of course, but just looking at it is fun too. Its quality created great response not only within Japan but also to foreign motorcycle magazine editors, who visited us to cover it all the way from their countries after having heard its reputations.
CB1100 Four K10 Front Fender:63000-Yen *High-end three layered chrome plating.Classic and elegant style.
CB1100 Four K10 Side covers:55000-Yen *Premium Paint:32000-Yen, Including emblems.
CB1100 Four K10 Taillight:28000-Yen

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.737198
Retrieved Text: The demand for a particular index option determines if options will listed. The Market Makers/Specialists that commit time and resources to maintaining an orderly market need to know that all of their expenses will be justified. They make money by buying bids, selling offers and hedging risk through futures or the underlying basket of stocks. If the liquidity is not there, they will lose money because of their upfront and ongoing expenses. Most of there function is currently done by auto-quote and the positions are electronically hedged in seconds. There aren’t the man-hours like there used to be, but there are still costs.
In this instance, traders have many alternatives to achieve an equivalent QID position in existing, liquid markets. Instead of going long a QID, they calculate the coresponding ratio and they short in the NDQ futures or QQQQ. The options in those products are also very active and the bid/ask is tight. There is no advantage to trading QID except for IRA accounts where you can only go long. Most IRA accounts will let you buy puts anyway. There are so many ETFs being listed that someday there will be more ETFs than stocks, just as there are more mutual funds than stocks.
As soon as you get off “the beaten path”, option bid/ask spreads widen out. When there is an equivalent way to structure a trade using liquid markets, that will always be your best option. Greater liquidity means there are more people to take the other side of your trade and you are not

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.728237
Retrieved Text: In the race of the three big ugly ducklings US dollar, Euro and Yen, the US dollar has staged a massive comeback this year.
After finishing 2004 at a record low of 1.3670 dollars against the Euro the greenback has managed to build up an impressive rally that propelled it 10 percent upwards to a seven-month high of 1.2306 dollars.
Against the Yen the US currency incrased 7 percent, with the dollar trading up from 101.65 Yen to a high of 108.80 Yen, before correcting to 104 Yen and recovering again to today's level of above 108 Yen.
The Euro could not hold on to its gains against the Yen seen this spring and plummeted lastly almost as strongly as to the dollar.
I call the three curencies the three big ugly ducklings for the following reasons.
All in all there are no compelling reasons to get bullish on any of the three. The duck-march can continue and the least weak one will be the winner of the year.
What has changed the picture the most is the new threat to the Euro that the European constitution will not come into effect. If the Dutch will reject the constitution on Wednesday the common currency is likely to be hit again.
A weaker Euro will in turn burden Europe's economies because of higher commodity and especially oil prices through the exchange rate effect.
Crude oil climbed past the 51.50-dollar mark today. But this effect will hit Japan and the US as well as Europe.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.691282
Retrieved Text: In March, the Japanese market rebounded for the first time in 4 months. The implication by the FOMC of a moderate rise in US interest rates and solid US economic data brought reassurance and triggered a rise in risk appetite around the world. The package of easing measures announced by the ECB was also viewed favourably and global markets rose. However, the BoJ decided to maintain its monetary policy and as a consequence, the Yen strengthened against US dollar which limited the rebound for Japanese equities.
At the start of the month, the market bounced back as China announced monetary easing at the end of the February and as optimism emerged over the US economy and commodity prices. However, Japanese equities were easily swayed by the direction of Yen against the US dollar. Mid-month, the ECB announced additional monetary easing and the Japanese market reacted favourably, but subsequently declined when the Yen appreciated sharply when the BoJ made no changes to its policy. Furthermore, the FOMC indicated that they would maintain a moderate pace to rate hikes, which further strengthened the Yen. In late March, the market rallied to some extent as individual investors emerged prior to the record date for dividend payments at the end of March before declining immediately after. Also, it is suspected that additional selling pressure came from companies selling their mutual holdings of each others shares before the new FY commencing in April.
The market overall was return-reversal driven, previously top performing sectors became the worst performing sectors and vice-versa. The TOPIX closed

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.57282
Retrieved Text: After my jaunt to Cosmo World, I decided to take a walk around and check out World Porters for lunch. Since I wasn't super hungry, I decided to take a walk through the different floors. I go to World Porters pretty often (Hawaiian Town!) so I'm familiar with a good number of the shops inside. However, I had never noticed (or maybe I noticed it, but I didn't pay any attention to it) a store called Clap Hands.
From the outside, it looked like one of those overpriced boho chic store that were so popular a few years back. Normally, that's not really my style so I can see why I had probably passed by this place before. But this time there were 50% off and 75% off everywhere, so of course I decided to stop in.
Honestly, though, it wasn't until a few minutes in the store that I realized it was actually a second hand store. A lot of their items seemed to be specifically sourced from thrift stores and resold for a higher cost. And then I looked closer and realized that they only sold American brands... They had sourced all of this from the US!
So many state university and convention shirts!
Then I got kind of bummed looking at the price tags, because I know what prices these clothes are going for back in the States! The regular T-shirts above were regular price 1,000 yen, but 30% off with the sale. Those would be like $2 tops regularly!
However, apart from the shirts, I appreciated the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.468248
Retrieved Text: [TOKYO] Tokyo stocks closed lower on Wednesday, extending falls on global bourses on fears about political uncertainty in Italy.
The benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 1.52 per cent, or 339.91 points, to end at 22,018.52 while the broader Topix index was down 1.46 per cent, or 25.72 points, at 1,736.13.
The losses in Japanese shares come after US and European stock markets and the euro plunged again on Tuesday as political uncertainty in Italy stoked fears about the country potentially crashing out of the eurozone.
"Risk-off sentiment is getting stronger on the backdrop of the chaotic European situation," Okasan Online Securities said in a commentary.
The safe haven currency yen firmed against the dollar and the euro in Asian trade, with the dollar fetching 108.76 yen against 108.97 yen in New York late Tuesday.
In Tokyo share trading, Nintendo jumped 4.33 per cent to 44,240 yen after it announced new Pokemon games on Wednesday.
Carmakers were among the losers, with Honda diving 3.30 per cent to 3,418 yen and Toyota trading down 1.93 per cent at 6,841 yen. Nissan lost 2.11 per cent to 1,085 yen.
Banks fell, with Mitsubishi UFJ Finanicial losing 3.40 per cent to 661 yen and Sumitomo Mitsui Financial down 1.80 per cent at 4,471 yen.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.350836
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK—The U.S. monetary authorities did not intervene in the foreign exchange markets during the January — March quarter, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said today in its quarterly report to the U.S. Congress.
During the three months that ended March 31, 2014, the dollar appreciated 4.0 percent against the Canadian dollar, depreciated 0.6 percent against the British pound and 2.0 percent against the Japanese yen, and was unchanged against the euro. In this period, the dollar’s nominal trade-weighted exchange value increased 0.6 percent as measured by the Federal Reserve Board’s major currencies index.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.218086
Retrieved Text: Bearish divergence in AUD-USD. After making the all time high at1.0165, the AUD-USD is starting to show signs of weakness.
Since early September, the EUR-CHF had been in a substantial rally. It took this pair from the all time low of 1.2765 to a high 1.3835, which gave an appearance of a major reversal. However, the price failed to reach the key resistance of 1.3925.
Unlike many other currency pairs, the USD-CAD has spent most of this year in a relatively tight trading range.
While the Bank of Japan threatens another intervention, the Yen keeps getting stronger. Not against all currencies, though.
Recently, there have been some questions about the uptrend in the GBP-USD.
The major resistance at the 1.6050 area has again held very well keeping cable into the larger range and not allowing a potential new high.
While many currency pairs have been trading in ranges or even erratically lately, the NZD-CHF staged a convincing rally from 0.7187 to 0.7645.
One of the currency pairs that experienced a lower volatility recently is the GBP-CAD.
The Swiss Franc, like many other currencies, has appreciated substantially against the US Dollar in recent months.
After reaching the parity with the USD, the Australian Dollar retreated to 0.9670. Another attempt at the all time high failed, when the move stalled at 0.9973.
Earlier this month, the GBP-CHF pair set a new all time low at 1.5091.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.176783
Retrieved Text: A graduate of high school in Switzerland and a college student who attends an American university. Last January, I joined the cryptocurrency and started investing in the fun and appeal.
According to the Coinmarketcap data, the Ethicalium ($ ETH) has overtaken the ripple ($ XRP) market capitalization and returned to the second place for the first time in about a month. Current market capitalization difference of both currencies is about 10 billion yen.
As reported by CRYPTO TIMES, ripple ranked second in the early part of this year, again overtaking Ethicalium with market capitalization again.
At the time of article writing ripples are trading around 33 yen, which is 1.28% less than the previous day. The news that can be a negative material for ripple has not been reported particularly and the cause of the decline is not certain.
One of the trading companies is trading around 13,300 yen, which is 1.31% higher than the previous day. The difference in market capitalization with ripple is about 10 billion yen, and it can be said that the difference between the two is small at the present time.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.16327
Retrieved Text: New World Record Tuna Price | FISHING FURY - A Fishing Blog with Attitude!
About the same time last year, the most expensive tuna ever sold went for 32.49 million yen ($400000USD). That record smashed the previous record, and this year it has happened again, by an even larger margin!
Thursday morning a 592 pound (269kg) tuna sold for a staggering $736500 USD (56.49 million yen) at Japan’s Tsukiji fish market. It has been reported that the cost of this tuna would mean that a single slice of sushi could cost as much as 5000 yen, but the firm plans to sell it at a more regular price of up to 418 yen.
Another Year, Another Record Bluefin Tuna Sale | Fishing Fury - A fishing blog with attitude!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.158257
Retrieved Text: It seems that I always end up with a wallet full of one yen coins when travelling in Japan. What would be the most convenient way to use or exchange them?
Vending machines don't accept one yen coins and I don't think it would be polite to give a bunch of them to cashier. I wouldn't mind donating but even that feels cheap somehow.
May I suggest before departing Japan, visit one of the Temples/Shrines. You can deposit your coins in the box just inside the grounds. The other thing you could do with them is to put them in a smallish envelope and hand to a homeless person. In Japan, it is customary to place money in an envelope before we give to someone.
Foreigners always overthink "politeness" issues in Japan... Handling payments, in whatever (legal) form, is their job, they will dutifully do it without any issues. Just try not to do it during busy times, out of consideration for other customers waiting behind you. If you want to donate them, many businesses such as your nearest McDonald's have donation boxes for various causes, this will be very much appreciated.
This is a problem I frequently find myself with as well. One thing I do to reduce the number of 1 yen coins I have left at the end of my trip is to use them whenever possible. One way I make this easier is at the end of each day sorting the 1 yen coins into a separate part of my coin purse or wallet. When I

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.138676
Retrieved Text: Tokyo stocks closed lower Thursday, weighed down by a firming yen, but banking shares gained to provide some support for the overall market.
Asian markets mostly turned south Thursday as investors took a breather after rallying this week on optimism over China-US trade talks and the Federal Reserve's softer tone on interest rates.
Tokyo stocks opened higher on Tuesday despite lingering worries about trade issues as the yen lost ground against the dollar, which tends to boost stocks.
Tokyo stocks opened slightly higher on Tuesday as the yen remained cheaper against the dollar, with worries over a US-China trade war receding.
Tokyo stocks closed higher on Wednesday helped by a cheaper yen, as market focus shifted from Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un's summit to US and European central bank meetings.
Tokyo stocks closed higher Thursday as a cheaper yen helped boost market sentiment, with investors pursuing shares in companies expected to report brisk earnings.
Tokyo stocks closed solidly higher on Wednesday, helped by gains on Wall Street and a weaker yen, as investors digested news from the US-Japan summit talks.
Tokyo stocks opened lower on Thursday as the yen hit a four-month high after the US treasury secretary hailed a "weak dollar" at the World Economic Forum in Davos.
Tokyo stocks closed lower on Wednesday as Japanese exporters were weighed by a stronger yen, a day after the key index closed at a 26-year high.
Tokyo stocks closed ended lower on Tuesday as exporters were hit by a rush into the safe-haven yen with tensions between the United States and North Korea flaring up

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.122206
Retrieved Text: Today, 17340 yen on Amazon Japan.
Bought for 699 Yen. Not the best quality of figures, but hey, for the price, what can you expect. And I'm a big fan of Inami.
Mahiru again? Why no Yachiyo??

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.09262
Retrieved Text: The Bank of Japan on Tuesday surprised markets by adopting a near zero rate policy and announced further easing measures to help safeguard a fragile recovery from the threats of deflation and a strong yen.
Why is everything that has come out recently unexpected or a surprise? Kin obvious to me that Japan will drop IR as they are on a bender to reduce the value of the Yen--been so for weeks now.
So why did they publicly intervene once and rumoured to have a second in the last few weeks.
So it's dropped from 0.1% to what exactly? 0%? Hardly worth bothering.
Oh good, an excuse for the BOE to do likewise.
Looks like more pay cuts ,house price cuts. deflation,deflation deflationdeflation.
Bigs hugs and kisses to my Japanese brothers for this wonderful gift.
0.1% lower and 60 billion USD worth of QE they are saying. We often talk about the USA, UK and EU.. while forgetting about Japan which is about 10% of the global economy.
Didn't do the yen much good (good in the sense of lowering it in the race to the bottom). Only a drop that lasted a couple of hours. The dollar, however, was trashed once again. Probably Bernanke railing against austerity.
The fx markets are just laughing at the Japanese small printing efforts.
Yeah, the $25 billion spent on the 15th of September and the other measure taken since then have resulted in the Yen going from 82 to the dollar to 85 and back to 82 again today.
I have to agree with Hendry, the Yen should be at

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.015984
Retrieved Text: Of the myriad of currencies in the global economic system, the Japanese yen stands out with its distinct role as a safe-haven currency.
Along with the US Dollar and the Swiss Franc, the yen holds a safe-haven status, meaning that these currencies tend to retain or increase in value during times of uncertainty and market instability. The Yen as a safe haven is driven by factors such as Japan’s strong current account surplus (it exports more goods and services than it imports), positioning the country as the world’s largest creditor nation.
While Japan has held this title for the past 25 years, the country’s debt-to-GDP ratio surpasses all other nations by a wide margin at approximately 249.34%. This begs the question, how can the world’s most indebted nation, also be the world’s largest creditor nation? This dichotomy stems from the fact that Japan’s massive debt is held almost entirely by the Japanese public. In addition to leading the pack in terms of debt-to-GDP ratios, Japan has also been a leader in terms of low interest rates. For nearly 20 years, Japan has maintained near 0% percent interest rates as a means to stave off deflation and spur economic growth. These low-interest rates encourage investors to borrow Yen in order to invest that yen in higher-yielding assets from other countries. This is known as the carry trade, and in times of uncertainty, investors may unwind these trades which results in additional demand for yen.
On paper, the Japanese economy has a number of challenges. The country is constantly flirting with

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.974096
Retrieved Text: To see the rates we Renminbi's value is determined by the CNY. The Chinese government launched a place and a new Yuan Chinese Yuan Renminbi was set Shanghai to execute business and converting to the US Dollar. Click on a currency code to all areas of China. The Renminbi in Foreign Exchange During the command economy, the some businesses in Guangdong and to unrealistic exchange values and as a result, severe currency guidelines were put in place. As a managed float, the in value, and China could no longer retain the silver. During this time silver appreciated of exchange rates was phased use our money transfer service.
That same year, the Yuanthe Yuan Renminbi was only used domestically and foreigners re-evaluated to 8 to 10, old Yuan. The Chinese Yuan Renminbi is to all areas of China. As a managed float, the in value, and China could in, with the RMB being. The Renminbi in Foreign Exchange During the command economy, the Chinese Yuan Renminbi was set China, with copper, fen, and areas of mainland China. The program has since expanded Renminbi's value is determined by.
The program has since expanded in value, and China could use our money transfer service. People's Bank of China Website: of exchange rates was phased no longer retain the silver. The Renminbi in Foreign Exchange was established as the official and Vietnam to allow for Shanghai to execute business and trade transactions with counterparties in. The Chinese Yuan Renminbi is the currency of China. Ina flexible mechanism Renminbi often called RMB was

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.973314
Retrieved Text: "We deeply appreciate your dedication and consistent support, and commend your outstanding efforts. I welcome this opportunity to express our gratitude to Rabbi Yechiel Eckstein, for his dedication and contribution to this important cause. I salute the supporters of this institution, whose efforts and dedication have helped it flourish."

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.960228
Retrieved Text: The modelportfolio had a weak August, after a two good months in June and July. SEB modelportfolio was down 0.47%, while the benchmark rose 0.25% during the month.
In August the NOK appreciated by 1.28%, 3.21% and 2.94% versus USD, euro and yen respectively. These movements weakened the overall performance as some of the holdings are in local currency. The worst performers were JO Hambro European Select declining 2.99% and SEB Nordic Focus with a negative return 2.11% in August. The main positive contributor in the portfolio in August was BlueBay Emerging Market Bond Fund NOK rising 1.76%. The MSCI World was up 0,40%.
We kept our modelportfolio unchanged throughout the month.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.931555
Retrieved Text: Eastern Japan’s electricity prices in the wholesale markets leaped in the week ended April 12, receiving upward pressures from spring cold air, stingy supply of solar power as well as buyer’s appetite, with western prices firming. Based on the Rim Power Index (Day ahead 24 hours), the weekday power prices in the eastern market averaged out at 17.10 yen per kilowatt hour (kWh), up 6.27 yen/kWh or 57.9% from the previous week, meanwhile in the western at 7.78 yen/kWh, up 0.75 yen/kWh, or 10.7%. The premium of the eastern market to the western broadened to 9.32 yen/kWh from the previous week’s 3.80 yen/kWh. The difference of 24 hours average between Tokyo-Tohoku and Hokkaido within the eastern market narrowed to 1.03 yen/kWh from 4.59 yen/kWh, computed based on the data from the Japan Electric Power Exchange (JEPX). Hokkaido prices have been at higher levels and often fluctuated.
Tokyo’s maximum temperature for Apr 10 was predicted on a day-ahead basis at 7 degrees Celsius, 11.1 deg C lower than average, with rainfall also anticipated, causing a kind of power crunch in the Tokyo area where a day-ahead prices for 34 lots (one lot = 30 minutes) from 8:00 to 24:00 marked 40.00 to 60.00 yen/kWh to delivery on April 10 on the JEPX. Furthermore, the unburst might gain momentum from shut-offs in a few thermal power plants such as a 1,000 megawatts (MW) coal-fired plant owned by a giant plant holder, which is originally planned to resume on Apr 10 but the schedule is timely postponed, and a non-major

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.845385
Retrieved Text: December 15, 1997 – I have been conspicuously quiet about the Yen for many months. After very successfully riding the Yen’s strength from the ¥120’s and selling at ¥80 in 1995, we have been on the sidelines. The reason is that the outlook for the Yen has been very uncertain, and more importantly, even though the Yen has steadily been weakening, I did not believe that the Japanese government would cave-in to the demands of American politicians. However, it is becoming increasingly clear that they have.
From the 1960’s until a couple of years ago, the Yen was one of the world’s strongest currencies. It appreciated more than four-fold against the Dollar during this period, from ¥362 at the old post-Bretton Wood exchange rate to ¥80 at its peak. It has subsequently weakened to ¥130, and further yen weakness is likely.
The Japanese have some serious problems. Their economy is in dire straits, and even more worrying is the poor financial health of their financial services industry – both the banking and the insurance sectors are reeling from a mountain of bad debts. These debts threaten the Yen because all Yen in circulation – as is the case for all national currencies – are liabilities of some bank. The Yen in checking, savings and time deposits are liabilities of the bank in which those deposits were made. Therefore, these Yen deposits are only as good as the assets of the banks holding those deposits.
For example, to make my point simple to explain, assume the balance sheet of all

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.798603
Retrieved Text: To become a volunteer therapist of Touch In Peace, we would first like you to tour our activities or participate our orientation or workshops to help deepen your understanding of the principles of Touch In Peace.
At present, the program that you could visit is “Haptic communication at Yasuragi-en, the group home for survivors of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima”, which takes place four times a year.
We hold workshops in Kobe, Hiroshima and other cities irregularly, and our orientation is scheduled twice a year.
Participant qualifications vary from program to program. If you wish to join any of our programs, please visit our website and contact our Kansai office, then our Kansai office will forward you scheduled programs and details.
After attending our program, if you decide to work with us as a volunteer therapist, the initial fee of 4,500 yen will be needed to register you as a volunteer therapist of Touch In Peace (the annual renewal fee of 3,000 yen will be needed from the next year and subsequent). Until you are registered as a volunteer therapist, you are kindly asked to pay your own transportation expenses.
You don’t have to be a therapist to get involved in our activities. Joining our support membership is one way of giving. Your support in any form is always appreciated. We hope your generosity will be all connected to others.
>>> Click here to read reports of our activities.

================



======= Instance Index 60 =========
Input Text: The word "say" has multiple meanings. Does it have the same meaning in sentences 1 and 2? Yes or no?

Sentence 1: What does the law say?
Sentence 2: The clock says noon.

Target Text: No

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.8621
Retrieved Text: What I'd love to read is how everyone explains how Chief Justice Roberts managed to bungle the oath of office. I love that President Obama (he automatically became our guy when the clock hit high noon, oath or not) kind of smiled, kind of smoothed things over.
And now we'll all just have to wait and see what happens next.
* Yep, another run on newspapers says LA Now. From AP, too.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.693872
Retrieved Text: It's too cold to show some skin, so try some color. It works!
These bold shades are like Crayolas for grown-ups. Pros tell how to play with em.
Guerlain KissKiss Gloss in Pomme du Désir ($29, nordstrom.com).
You have a job interview or a powwow with a client. You want people to focus on your smarts and talent, not your neon nails.
The clock says anything before noon. Bright, sparkly eyeshadow is great for a cocktail party, scary at Starbucks.
You've got a pimple the size of the White House. Better not call attention to your skin at all—stick with neutral makeup.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.63242
Retrieved Text: FAIRBANKS, Alaska - In an excerpt from a book titled "Alias Pegge Parker,” Parker writes, "The Clock had no choice but to sit out it's days with me-all over the world." Words to describe how the clock given to her traveled as far as China to India and then back to the U.S.
Parker came to Alaska as a Young reporter in the Early 1940's. Writing articles on the “Ice pool”, she was bestowed Charlie Wilson's clock, the first chronometer used to time the Nenana Ice Classic. The Clock was then passed down to her son, Jim Hlavcek.
"This Clock to me is all part of the tangible history of my mother's time in Alaska. She came up here in as a 24 year old reporter, spent three years here. At a very interesting time in history, World War Two, and ferrying airplanes from here to Russia. And that this clock then has traveled half way around the world, because my parents were foreign correspondence. They met in India, got married there. This clock went to Harrisburg Pennsylvania, where my mother’s parents were from, to India, came back with us to America, and is now finally back in Alaska." Hlavecek says he and his wife arranged this trip specifically to donate the Clock to the University of Alaska's Museum of the North.
"This has been my own burden because it doesn't belong in my house, on my shelf, it belongs up here, for the people to enjoy. so I'm really happy," he said. Angela Linn is a senior collections

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.466501
Retrieved Text: The natural day-and-night division of a calendar day forms the fundamental basis as to why each day is split into two cycles. Originally there were two cycles; one cycle which could be tracked by the position of the Sun (day) followed by one cycle which could be tracked by the Moon and stars (night). This would eventually evolve into the two 12-hour periods that started at midnight (a.m.) and noon (p.m.) which are used today. Noon itself is rarely abbreviated today, but if it is, it is denoted M.
The 12-hour clock can be traced back as far as Mesopotamia and ancient Egypt. Both an Egyptian sundial for daytime use and an Egyptian water clock for night-time use were found in the tomb of Pharaoh Amenhotep I. Dating to c. 1500 BC, these clocks divided their respective times of use into 12 hours each.
The Romans also used a 12-hour clock: daylight was divided into 12 equal hours (thus hours having varying length throughout the year) and the night was divided into four watches.
The first mechanical clocks in the 14th century, if they had dials at all, showed all 24 hours, used the 24-hour analog dial, influenced by astronomers' familiarity with the astrolabe and sundial, and their desire to model the Earth's apparent motion around the Sun. In Northern Europe these dials generally used the 12-hour numbering scheme in Roman numerals, but showed both a.m. and p.m. periods in sequence. This is known as the double-XII system, and can be seen on many surviving clock faces, such as

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.463774
Retrieved Text: (Newser) – With a dozen deep bongs, Britain's Big Ben sounded the hour for the last time Monday before falling silent for repair work due to last almost four years. The giant bell atop Parliament's clock tower rang out at noon, as it has almost every hour since 1859, becoming an iconic sound of London. Hundreds of parliamentary staff, journalists, and lawmakers gathered in a courtyard under the Victorian clock tower, while hundreds more tourists and passers-by lined sidewalks and filled nearby Parliament Square. The mood was lighthearted, but total silence fell as the first bong sounded, per the AP. The crowd burst into cheers and applause as the last faded away. The break will allow workers to carry out much-needed maintenance to the clock and clock tower. But a handful of lawmakers have criticized the lengthy silence, calling Big Ben an important symbol of British democracy.
It's really because of the eclipse. Don't let them fool you with that 'maintenance' crap.
They can't send a guy with a hammer up to whack the bell at noon every day?
If you recognized the subtitle. Yer old.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.448519
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.430906
Retrieved Text: This technically reads as twenty hundred hours but you would only use . But I would write it as , not , so I guess I would be more. , p.m.. , p.m.. , p.m.. , p.m.. , ( midnight)* (end of the day). * See "Confusion at noon and midnight". The hour clock is the convention of time keeping in which the day runs from midnight to . No hours/minutes separator is used when writing the time, and a letter designating. It is based on a 24 hour clock, and is a method of keeping hours in which the day runs from midnight to midnight and is pm, When speaking in military time, may be stated as “zero seven hundred” or “oh seven hundred ”.
This is called "Zero Hundred Hours." Instead of Learn how to write the hours from midnight until noon in military time. To know . Thus, 8 PM would be 1 hundred hours night two o'clock twelve o'clock pm/noon 12 hundred hours afternoon/ midday 20 hundred hours evening nine o'. clock illustration with military time hours displayed you don't place a colon between the hour and the minutes when writing military time. they're a little more likely to give it to you as “fourteen hundred hours,” while Marines.
Sometimes military time is referred to as “24 Hour Time” and this system eliminates the . "Twenty hundred hours". p.m.. or hours. However, the military operates off a hour clock, beginning at midnight (which is hours). So, 1 AM is zero one hundred () hours.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.417252
Retrieved Text: Tuesday 30th CHIDEOCK LUNCHEON CLUB meet at 12.00 noon at THE CLOCK HOUSE.
Over 18’s only. Poker Nights are held every Tuesday evening at the Clock House Inn.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.262709
Retrieved Text: SEATTLE (Nov. 17, 2016) — Faculty represented by AFT Seattle 1789 at multiple colleges will take part in a voluntary walkout of their classes today (Thursday, Nov. 17) from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. at each of the campuses. The union says decision to walk out comes after months of bargaining and an unsatisfactory offer from the district in negotiations.
● a standard definition of full-time workload applied to everyone in an effort to address workload inequities that exist in the system.
The administration says it wants to address low salaries for full-time faculty and increase the number of tenure-track positions. However, according to the union, they offer no pay increase for part-time faculty and reject possible solutions to workload inequities that are not revenue neutral. The union reports that the administration says they don’t have the money because of declining enrollments and lack of state funding.
TAKE A STAND — Seattle college employees could use support from other AFT members — faculty, classified, and professional — plus other union members and community supporters to show solidarity and to send a clear message to the administration. They know that administrators can decide to make faculty and instruction a higher priority. They know that students will benefit from the changes being promoted at the bargaining table. And that is the bottom line. When they are doing a good job of enrolling, retaining and graduating students, everyone benefits.
North Seattle College, 9600 College Way N., gathering below the large stairway leading up to the outdoor college plaza, on the College Way side

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.937365
Retrieved Text: As much as young children love the idea of staying up past their bedtime to ring in the New Year, most can’t make it to midnight—nor would their parents want them to. But that doesn’t mean that little ones can’t celebrate in a more age-appropriate fashion.
Instead of keeping your kids up till the clock strikes 12:00 midnight, try throwing a kid-friendly bash at 12:00 noon. Here’s how to host your own Happy Noon Year party.
Line a wall with butcher paper and create a 2012 timeline. Have each guest bring a photograph or memento representing a favorite 2012 memory. Set out glue sticks and let each guest stick their item onto the appropriate month.
Create a balloon drop. Lay two paper tablecloths side-by-side. Using a hole punch and yarn, loosely stitch them together lengthwise, leaving yarn hanging at one end to act as a ripcord. Next, tape the connected tablecloths to the ceiling on three sides, so it sags in the middle, creating a pouch. Stuff it with balloons and confetti, then tape the fourth side to the ceiling. When the clock strikes noon, pull the yarn!
Make your own noisemakers. Fill empty water bottle with beans and glitter, line the floor with bubble wrap to jump on, or create a tambourine by punching holes around the rim of a paper plate, then threading ribbon through it and tying jingle bells as you go.
Buy a set of plastic champagne glasses for an all-ages noontime toast. Whether it’s sparkling cider or milk and cookies, the importance of the toast is

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.864626
Retrieved Text: If you feel as though you always have too much to do and not enough time to do it, perhaps it's not about your workload.
Instead, this is because you haven't figured out how to sync your biological clock to obligations in life.
Apparently, your internal clock has a lot to do with how productive you will be at different times in the day — and everyone's clock is different.
Some people are early birds while others work best as night owls.
Maria Popova at Brain Pickings writes that your internal clock is actually "traced down to the genetic level, with individual 'clock genes,' " which basically means, why try to fight it when it's genetics?
You'd be a lot more productive if you try to understand this clock of yours, use it to your advantage and basically, beat your own system. Figure out when the best time it is for you to perform most efficiently at different tasks throughout the day.
"Most people organize their time around everything but the body's natural rhythms. Workday demands, commuting, social events and kids' schedules frequently dominate—inevitably clashing with the body's circadian rhythms of waking and sleeping."
For example, when it comes to "doing cognitive work," most people perform best at this in the late morning, Steve Kay, a professor of molecular and computational biology at the University of Southern California, tells Shellenbarger.
Sleepiness is also highest around 2 p.m. so this is a good time to nap if you can; distraction hits most people between noon and 4 p.m.; eye-hand coordination is most on point in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.637388
Retrieved Text: On this page you can set alarm for 12:42 PM at noon. This is free and simple online alarm for specific time - alarm for twelve hours and forty-two minutes PM. Just click on the button "Start alarm" and this online alarm clock will start. If you like to sleep and think on wake me up at 12:42 PM, this online alarm clock page is right for you. Set alarm at 12:42 PM and an alarm wakes you in time. Take look on instructions on "Online alarm clock" page for more information.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.48334
Retrieved Text: NOTE: Do use standard time for formal meetings, ferries, trains, etc.!
Before the railways there was no standard time, each city or town set its clocks by the sun. This clock shows the local time at Tiree; that is the time you would get if you set your clock to be 12 noon each day when the sun was at its highest point, due south.
Read more on the Tiree Tech Wave site.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.388721
Retrieved Text: Bats are one of the features in the Night Critters event on Saturday night. Photo by Bob Brett.
Have you ever wondered just how many species of plants and animals Whistler supports? The Whistler Naturalists invite you to join them as they attempt to find out.
At noon Saturday, Aug. 11, 30 scientists from near and far will gather in Whistler to battle against the clock in a 24-hour race to count as many species as possible: mammals, birds, plants, frogs, fish, insects — you name it.
“The genius of BioBlitz is that it takes a fun and competitive approach to science. The 24-hour, round-the-clock format leads to a frenzy of activity as the number of organisms grows ever higher. And there will be something to interest people of all ages,” said Bob Brett, a local scientist who is part of the organizing team.
BioBlitz will target alpine and valley ecosystems across Whistler, with Lost Lake Park acting as a hub for all of the weekend’s activities. There will be plenty of opportunities for people to participate at Lost Lake throughout the event. There will be tents and displays of scientists’ findings as well as a number of public events.
One feature event is Night Critters, which will target bats, owls, insects, and other creatures of the night. Night Critters will start Saturday at 8:30 p.m. for participants of all ages.
For children, events include Swamp Monsters on Saturday at 1:30 p.m., where children aged 5-9 can join local scientist Veronica Woodruff to explore Whistler’s aquatic insects. On Sunday, ecologist Cara Richard

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.343145
Retrieved Text: It's hard enough to get sufficient rest when you're holding down a 9-to-5 job. It's even trickier when you're one of the more than 15 million Americans who clock in as the rest of us zonk out. But research suggests that with a little planning, night-shift workers can get plenty of shut-eye. "Within about a week, permanent night-shift workers can reset their body clock so they feel sleepy at the right time of their day," says Charmane Eastman, PhD, a professor and researcher at the Biological Rhythms Research Lab at Chicago's Rush University Medical Center, who has been studying how to help shift workers for almost three decades. Eastman has shared a sample workday plan below. Adapt it to fit your schedule and body's response.
Midnight–5 A.M.: Simulate daytime with bright light. Invest in a light-therapy box. It will help reset your body clock and keep you alert.
3 A.M.: If you're a coffee drinker, have your last cup. Caffeine has an average half-life of four to six hours, so it could affect your ability to sleep later.
3–4 A.M.: Eat dinner. Progressively push your meals later each night, until you get to the times suggested for dinner, breakfast and lunch.
7 A.M.: Head home. Here's when you want to avoid bright light at all costs. Put on dark sunglasses with lenses designed to reduce blue light (commonly known as blue blockers).
8 A.M.: Get in bed ASAP. If you expose yourself to too much light, you'll disrupt the circadian clock you're trying to reset and your body temperature will rise

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.141903
Retrieved Text: The Church of God (Cleveland, TN) Congregational Profile data can be linked to the COG Attender data and COG Leader data by the CONGREGA variable.
Q45A1, Q45B1, Q45C1, Q45D1, Q45E1 represent times in four digits, on a 24-hour clock. So morning services stay as they are and 12 is added to evening services to make them on the 24-hour clock. Examples: 8 a.m. would be 800, 8:30 a.m. would stay as 830, 7 p.m. would be 1900, and noon would be 1200.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.084238
Retrieved Text: Daylight Hours vary dramatically during the year in Iceland because of its position on the globe.
Around December 21st. daylight is limited and the sun only peaks 2.7° over the horizon at noon in Reykjavik.
Around June 21st. there is daylight around the clock and the angle of the sun is 49.3° at noon in Reykjavik.
More darkness in the winter translates to more hours with possibility of seeing the Northern Lights.
* These numbers are for Reykjavik and are different for other places in Iceland.
" **:** " means that the night is not dark at this time of year.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.06332
Retrieved Text: An art nouveau masterpiece created by Franz von Matsch in 1911, this mechanical clock was named after the Anker Insurance Co, which commissioned it. Over a 12-hour period, figures including Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius (who died in Vienna in AD 180), Joseph Haydn, Eugene of Savoy, Maria Theresia and others pass across the clock face, indicating the time against a static measure showing the minutes. At noon, all the figures trundle past in succession to the tune of organ music.
Once the centre of the Roman outpost, the Hoher Markt is Vienna’s oldest square.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.02761
Retrieved Text: Orloj - Prague astronomical clock.
Tourist are waiting for the noon figure show taking place on the southern wall of Old Town City Hall in the Old Town Square.
Cat's Gallery in Prague Old Town.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.996443
Retrieved Text: Are Old Testament Laws Still Binding on Christians?
What Law Is "Done Away" and What "Law" Do Christians Keep?
What Do the Scriptures Say About the Sabbath?
What Do the Writings and the Prophets Say About the Sabbath?
Does Mark 2:27-28 Command Christians to Observe the Weekly Sabbath?
Was the Sabbath made for all human beings?
A Response to "Why the Seventh Day?"
Is There a "Sabbath Principle" for Christians to Keep?
Can God’s Sabbath Law Be "Done Away"?
What About the Ten Commandments and "The Law"?
Are Prophecies Commands for Christians?
Does Zechariah 14:16-21 Command Christians to Keep Festivals?
Was the Sabbath Commanded at Creation?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.951097
Retrieved Text: Long Now Executive Director and 10,000 Year Clock Project Manager Alexander Rose will be speaking on the Maker Faire Center Stage at 12:30 on Sunday the 22nd.
Maker Faire is one of the Bay Area’s biggest celebrations of geek culture and it’s back for a 6th installment at the San Mateo Fairgrounds this May 21st & 22nd. Organized by O’Reilly Media, Maker Faire features hundreds of artists, engineers, designers and hackers sharing the things they make.
Alexander is also speaking at the SETI Institute at noon on Wednesday May 18th.
In this talk, titled Construction on the 10,000 Year Clock Begins, he will discuss the process, principles and methods underlying the Clock of the Long Now. The SETI Institute Colloquium Series is held in Mountain View, and is free to the public.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.903946
Retrieved Text: Looking for garage sales in Toney?
Showing 18 of 25 sales. Zoom out to view more.
furniture, clothing, grandfather clock, comforter sets, home décor, books, pictures, clock set, luggage, glassware, tools, desk, tv stand, wooden stereo, and lots more.
Household goods, furniture, books, toys, clothing, etc.
Heritage Station Community Yard Sale 4/27/2019, 8am-noon.
Large Variety of items!! Table with 6 chairs, King size bed, Dresser, Kitchen items, DVD's, And so much more!
Household items, brand name clothing, rings and misc.
Find more great estate sales around Toney on EstateSales.org.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.871767
Retrieved Text: Why Did “Noon” Used To Mean 3:00?
To most, the word noon signifies a specific time of day–namely, 12:00 midday, a.k.a. “lunchtime.” The counterweight to 12:00 midnight. But, surprisingly, the term noon wasn’t always shorthand for midday at 12:00; in fact, it used to refer to a different time of day altogether.
First, some essential background. Clocks and watches are relatively new inventions. Though some timekeeping devices, like sundials and water clocks, have been used for thousands of years, everyday people historically did not tell time. The mechanical clock as we know it was invented in the 1200s and was more fully developed in the 1500s.
They then divided their twelve-hour day into four periods of three hours each. So the town bell would toll every three hours to announce the beginning of a new period. The first hour, called Prime, rang at 6:00 a.m.; the third hour (Terce) rang at 9:00 a.m.; the sixth hour (Sext) rang at 12:00 p.m.; and the ninth hour (None) rang at 3:00 p.m. The early Catholic church adopted these daily patterns in their rituals, and monks would recite prayers at the canonical hours of Terce, Sext and None every day.
What’s noon got to do with it?
So the next time you show up late to a noon appointment, just tell them you thought they meant the Roman noon. Classic mistake.
To dig through more time-telling words, visit Dictionary.com.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.802317
Retrieved Text: Back in 2004, LJ was perhaps still an active community. I think it died at around 2007 but inertia kept me here for another ten years.
Analog clocks have always annoyed me, so I decided to make my own. This is the logical solution I think. There's only one hand, which moves round once a day and shows where the sun is on the map. In the photo it is nearly 10pm in the UK so the sun is over the Alaska timezone. The 6am-6pm line is your horizon, so the top half is your daytime.
This one is for GMT/UTC - you'd need to rotate the map for different timezones, to put your location at the top under the noon marker.
I promised some details about how to make your own. It's really very simple indeed, and cheap.
1) Buy a 24-hour clock. I bought this one from Amazon in the UK. It was less than £20.
Make sure you get one that has an hour hand that goes round once per day!
Alternatively you can buy a 24-hour clock mechanism and make your own face plate. Probably best to buy the hands at the same time so you can be sure they will fit.
2) Take your clock apart. Mine had crosshead screws on the back so it was easy. Then pull off the hands. Every clock mechanism I've come across has hands that fit by friction, so you can take them off and put them back on again by hand.
3) Extend the hour hand. This is optional. Typically the hour

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.786207
Retrieved Text: Covering the rotation of the sun, moon, and stars, the Gdansk Astronomical Clock inside the Polish St. Mary’s Church is more than your average historic timepiece, with a unusual legend to match.
Built in the 1400s by clockmaker Hans Duringer, the elaborate clock is made almost entirely of wood. The clock tracks everything from the time of day, the position of the moon and sun in relation to the signs of the zodiac, and even a calendar of the saints. The work features three distinct tiers with a rotating parade of apostles, death, and the three kings that appear daily at noon at the top. Beneath that feature, there is the intricate zodiac face, which in turn sits on top of the saints calendar. Each of the parts works with one another like, well… clockwork. Standing over 45 feet tall, the huge decoration may be the tallest wooden clock in the world.
According to legend, Duringer was deliberately blinded by the authorities after completing the Gdansk Astronomical Clock so that he was unable to produce a clock of equal beauty anywhere else. However, Hans Duringer went on to complete another astronomical clock in a neighboring town, so the legend may not be as accurate as his clocks were.
A stunning two-story timepiece within a medieval Brick Gothic church.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.706366
Retrieved Text: From Pinoymanga Scans (with grammar edit by Lynkz): Haruhiko Kanna is just an ordinary man with an ordinary life. One day he meets 3 witches in a small room in the old clock tower, and that's when his ordinary life became not so ordinary at all. With the curse, or gift, he was granted that he'll change to a girl once the clock strikes 12 Noon, and will return to his male self at 12 Midnight. He then asks himself, "What on earth will happen if this goes on? Can I survive like this? Most of all will I turn back to normal again?!"

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.617054
Retrieved Text: “BING, BONG, BING, BONG, BING, BONG, BING, BONG.” That grandfather clock-like tone means that cleaning time is over, and it’s time for the noon break. For the last four days my noon break has been a little different than normal. Every day after lunch & shouji I’ve been getting schooled in the ways of Japanese kanji by five, fifth grade girls. Learning kanji isn’t always easy, but hearing it from a Japanese kid’s perspective was really interesting.
These five students were some of my best fourth graders last year, and the first day back, immediately after souji (cleaning time) they all came to my classroom, and were pretending like they were having an English lesson. I thought it was really funny because I don’t know too many students who pretend to have school during their free time. They stood and did a mock, formal, class introduction which I thought was rather cute.
Translation: Stand. The noon recess English lesson begins now. Bow. Be seated.
I played a couple of English games with these students. While we were playing, one of the students got a glimpse of a kanji book that was lying on my desk. All of sudden, a spontaneous kanji quiz began…a quiz that I wasn’t quite ready for, but I did okay I guess. The students asked me if they could use my chalk, and they started writing kanji, kanji phrases, and kanji sentences on the board to test what I knew. The first day was pretty easy, but they stepped it up a little each day.
You

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.591328
Retrieved Text: Q: What happens to my deposit if I donât remove my conditions due to deficiencies?
A: The offer to purchase states that 12 oâclock noon is the possession time.
A: We will negotiate around them and if we canât, we will obtain our full deposit.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.535961
Retrieved Text: One of the critical elements of the Clock of the Long Now to keep good time over ten millennia is the part of the clock that is synchronized to solar noon. We have several schemes that allow this mechanical synch from sunlight, but one of the questions that came up as we designed these systems, was how much we might expect solar noon to drift in 10,000 years. We had already compensated for the earth’s ~26,000 year precessional cycle, and the average rotational dampening of about a second per century, but it was not until Danny Hillis requested this paper from Astrophysicist Michael Busch that we appreciated how much climate change will play a role.
There is now a consensus that the Earth’s climate is changing and that it can be greatly influenced by human activity. While we can argue about predictions of the particular form climate change will take, any changes in the climate will have important effects on the Clock.
The most direct effect will be power: the Clock’s core oscillator is powered by focused sunlight. Climate changes leading to frequent clouds over the site in the American Southwest would interrupt that supply. This is not likely to be fatal, since the Clock can operate for fifteen years without sunlight and even the cloudiest places on Earth have sunny days more often than that. But climate change will also affect the Clock indirectly, by disrupting its timekeeping.
The Clock keeps the oscillator calibrated by resetting it at local solar noon – the time of day when the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.385551
Retrieved Text: Happy New Year! Is Midnight 12 a.m. or 12 p.m.?
When the clock strikes midnight on New Year’s Eve, will it be 12 p.m. or 12 a.m.?
I say neither. It will simply be midnight, just as 12 in the middle of the day is simply noon.
Most analog clocks today keep time in 12-hour increments — they divide the 24 hours in a day in to 12-hour periods.
The first period of the day is called “ante meridian,” which means before noon in Latin. The second period is called “post meridian,” meaning after noon in Latin.
Ante meridian is commonly denoted as AM, am or A.M., while post meridiem is usually denoted as PM, pm or P.M.
Each hour, except midnight, which is also denoted as 0:00, and noon, which is known as 12:00, are suffixed by AM or PM to identify whether the hour being referred to is in the morning, afternoon or evening.
By convention, 12 AM denotes midnight and 12 PM denotes noon. Because of the potential for confusion, it is advisable to use 12 noon and 12 midnight.
We agree that “12 a.m.” and “12 p.m.” are confusing and should be avoided, but one could also argue that “12 noon” and “12 midnight” are redundant. Why not simply say “noon” and “midnight”?
midnight. Do not put a 12 in front of it. It is the part of the day that is ending, not the one that is beginning.
For continuing insight on elements of words and punctuation, be sure you’re signed up for my Killer Tips from a Ruthless Editor (upper

================



