======= Instance Index 361 =========
Input Text: A scale can

Which is the correct answer?
- give an estimate of a dog's age
- measure how long a dog is
- let you know if the dog needs to lose a few pounds
- make an educated guess about a dog's breed

Target Text: let you know if the dog needs to lose a few pounds

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.894971
Retrieved Text: What is the abbreviation for Vertical Scale Measurement?
A: What does Y-SCALE stand for?
Y-SCALE stands for "Vertical Scale Measurement".
A: How to abbreviate "Vertical Scale Measurement"?
"Vertical Scale Measurement" can be abbreviated as Y-SCALE.
A: What is the meaning of Y-SCALE abbreviation?
The meaning of Y-SCALE abbreviation is "Vertical Scale Measurement".
A: What is Y-SCALE abbreviation?
One of the definitions of Y-SCALE is "Vertical Scale Measurement".
A: What does Y-SCALE mean?
Y-SCALE as abbreviation means "Vertical Scale Measurement".
A: What is shorthand of Vertical Scale Measurement?
The most common shorthand of "Vertical Scale Measurement" is Y-SCALE.
You can also look at abbreviations and acronyms with word Y-SCALE in term.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.762606
Retrieved Text: Converting Between Map Scale Types All Info!
Proportions 1 For problems 1 8 cm 2 cm 16 cm x cm . For problems 5 – 8, use the scale factor to find the missing lengths. 5. scale factor = 2 3 10 in x inches 6 in y inches 6. scale factor = 2 1 5 feet 15 feet x feet y feet 7. scale factor = 4 3 21 yards x yards y yards 9 yards... The scale of a model can be represented as a ratio, which indicates the relative size of the model and the real object. Ratios can be used to express the scale of a map. You can use the scale of a map to calculate the real distance between two towns.
Converting Between Scale Types of Historic and Topographic Maps, page 1 Converting Bar Scale to Representative Fraction (RF)/Ratio Scale English and Metric Measures of Length to use:... The scale ratio of a model represents the proportional ratio of a linear dimension of the model to the same feature of the original. Examples include a 3-dimensional scale model of a building or the scale drawings of the elevations or plans of a building.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.740754
Retrieved Text: There exists only 1 type of major scale, but there are 3 types of minor scales: natural minor, harmonic minor and melodic minor.
Why do we have 3 different minor scales?
How are the 3 types of minor scales formed?
What is the difference between harmonic and melodic minor?
How to use the different minor scales?
You will discover all of this here in this tutorial.
I will here only briefly describe the natural minor scale, since you can have all the details of this scale in the lesson “How to form a natural minor scale“.
First of all: why is the natural minor scale named as such? This is because the natural minor scale is based on the major scale. For example: the notes of the A natural minor scale are exactly the same as the notes of the C major scale, the A natural minor scale only starts on the A instead of on the C.
You can say that A minor is the relative minor of C major. Or, you can also say: C major is the relative major of A minor. So both scales share exactly the same notes, they only start on a different note.
Notice that A is the 6th note in the scale of C major.
In general, you can say: a natural minor scale can be found by playing the notes of a major scale starting on the 6th note of that major scale.
Or, in other words: you can find a relative minor of a major scale by going up a major 6th interval (or going down a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.707642
Retrieved Text: Collection of 'Creative Kitchen Scales and Cool Kitchen Scale Designs' that would make a cool addition to any modern kitchen.
Foldable Kitchen Scale: A cool kitchen that maximizes counter space.
Boa Kitchen Scales Concept: Its a flexible kitchen scale by designer Martin Pråme that generates the small amount of power needed to weigh when one 'opens' the device.
Kitchen Scale powered by Water: Its a water powered kitchen scale by industrial designer Levent Basoglu.
Spoonscale: It has a built-in digital scale that can weigh amounts ranging from 0.1 to 300g, and is accurate to 1/10th of a gram and has a built in display.
Rocking Kitchen Scale: This kitchen scale combines usual handling and functions with modern design and can precisely weigh by shifting a weight up to 2 kg.
Perfect Portions Food Scale: It features a built-in nutrition guide that empowers one to take control of their daily intake or cut down on foods.
Kitchen Scale With A Built-In iPod Dock: This kitchen scale comes with an in-built iPod/iPhone dock; its weighing surface is made of stylish, transparent glass that displays large speaker sitting underneath.
Archimede's Scale Bowl: It looks like a normal bowl but it floats and weighs, it's actually a scale. It's based on Archimedes' principle and comes from Italy's Aquacalda design firm.
Salter Digital Nutritional Kitchen Scale: A state-of-the-art food scale that reports key nutritional data designed for cooks interested in healthy eating. All you need to do is to place a portion of food on the weighing tray, enter its food code, and its weight and nutritional values are instantly

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.7072115
Retrieved Text: The major scale is often called the MOTHER OF ALL SCALES, because all other scales, modes, intervals, chords and harmony in western music can be derived from it. It’s your main reference for all things making music.
If you want to makes sense of what you are actually playing and learn to understand, analyze, create, and be able to play any chord, progression, solo, song or anything else that involves your guitar playing you need to know the major scale. It’s equally valuable for the rhythm guitar player and lead guitar player.
The major scale is also a perfect warming up and dexterity exercise to start your guitar practice with. Two for the price of one.
We all know the famous “Do, re, mi, fa, so, la, ti, do” melody you learned in preschool. This is the actually the major scale we are talking about here. And it’s important that you know what it sounds like, recognize it, and know how to sing it along.
To form a major scale on a single string we use the Whole-Half step formula: “W-W-H-W-W-W-H”, where “W” = Whole step (2 frets) and “H” = Half step (1 fret). So going one fret up the neck is a half step, and going up two frets equals a whole step. You can construct a major scale on any note, and on any string using this formula.
For example: Let’s start on a G-note (Low E-string/6th string, 3rd fret), now go up a whole step to an A (note), then up a whole step to B, up

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.689742
Retrieved Text: Definition: Diseconomies of scale lead the marginal cost of a product to increase as a company grows. This typically follows the law of diminishing returns, where the further increase in the size of output will result in an even greater increase in average cost. This concept is the opposite of economies of scale. In Business, Diseconomies of scale are the factors that lead to an increase in average costs as a business grows beyond a certain size.
Diseconomies of scale can occur for a variety of reasons, but the cause usually comes from the difficulty of managing an increasingly large workforce.
As a firm grows, it seeks to reduce the marginal cost of its products, increasing efficiency as it increases production. Improved efficiency results in greater profit per unit of production. However, when there are diseconomies of scale, after a certain point, which varies by industry and by business, the marginal cost for the product begins to rise. Factors contributing to inefficiency may include cumbersome bureaucracy, high costs of geographical expansion, high legacy costs (such as pension liabilities from an aging workforce), and overlapping product lines that compete for the same market and production resources. The standard curve showing the relationship between product cost and quantity and the downward curve toward economies of scale and the upward curve into diseconomies of scale demonstrates this process.
Diseconomies of scale specifically come about due to three reasons. The first is a situation of overcrowding, where employees and machines get in each other’s way, lowering operational efficiencies. The second situation arises when

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.686224
Retrieved Text: Weighing scales are a staple piece of equipment used in warehouses and storage facilities. Apart from the primary function of a weight scale which is to determine the weight of products, certain types of scales have the capability to count the items included in a batch. This feature is extremely useful in inventory and shipping.
How are products going to be loaded into the scale?
Is there are forklift available at all times?
Should the scale be mobile or stationary?
How much space is available for installing the scale?
What is the accuracy requirement?
By answering these questions, you are better able to define the characteristics of the floor scale you need for the intended use. In line with selecting a floor scale for industrial applications, the following are the most common floor scales available on the market today.
A basic floor scale is simple and straightforward in design. It is typically square, with weighing capacities ranging from 1,000 to 20,000 lbs. Although the design is basic, customers can choose from a variety of materials such as stainless steel, treaded plate, smooth plate, and mild steel. If there is no forklift available to load pallets onto the scale, you may need to install a ramp or use a pallet jack for loading.
The design is similar to a standard floor scale except that the scale is installed much lower into the ground for easier access with pallet jacks. These scales appear to have two side rails situated at floor level. Unfortunately, one of the drawbacks of a low-profile scale is that the sides can

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.674149
Retrieved Text: All establishments in Utah who use scales for commercial transactions between two or more parties need to be registered with the State of Utah Weights & Measures Program. If a scale is used as any part of the determination of a monetary value in a given transaction it is considered to be used commercially. The application for registration may be found here.
Unannounced inspections are conducted during normal business hours at any business owning a device used in the buying or selling of precious metals located in the State of Utah or any out of state business that is doing business in the State of Utah. Inspections can be performed at any interval. Our Inspectors show identification during the inspection. If you have any concerns you are welcome to call the Utah Department of Agriculture & Food-Weights & Measures Program at (801) 538-7158 to verify the identity of the Inspector.
How can I determine whether or not a scale is legal for trade?
If it states “NOT LEGAL FOR TRADE” the scale is not legal for trade: You won’t have to look any further!
ACCURACY CLASS MARKING: If scale is legal for trade and was manufactured on or after January 1, 1986 it will have an accuracy class marking of I, II, or III. The mark may or may not have the word “class” in front of it and the mark may or may not have a circle around it. Other words or phrases such as “Type 4” or “Lot 2” are NOT class markings. We recommend you always verify

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.670532
Retrieved Text: This is what we're shooting for, Brian Setzer Style.
To learn how to play this way we gotta dig into some new scales. Here we go !
This chapter may seem pretty technical to you, but bear with me on it. You can always come back to it after you've played some of the examples. Even if you don't get the big picture in one glance: there is logic to it. Now, let's bring in the brain.
Our goal is to expand your options for soloing and accompanying in blues.
Instead of racing up and down the blues scale we want to add other notes that sound good, too. Instead of chopping bar chords, we'd like to be more subtle. This chapter contains the theory to learn how to do this.
Let's limit our scope to the things you probably already know. A 12-bar progression blues, with three chords and a minor pentatonic scale.
Chances are that on any given night, this blues is being played in a few thousand clubs all over the globe. A lot of players stick to this framework and will probably do this for the rest of their natural lives. And be very happy. But what if you want more?
Roughly said: if you play a melody, sing a song or whip out a solo, you're using a bunch of different notes. If you line these notes up in pitch order (low to high) you've got a scale.
Sometimes melodies use more than one scale, but let's stick to simple melodies.
Each of these scales has a different feel to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.659967
Retrieved Text: Midsouth is proud to offer the RCBS Chargemaster Combo with Dispenser and Scale (110v/120v Volt). The RCBS Chargemaster Combo with Dispenser and Scale is designed to ensure you have the exact powder measurement for your cartridges each time you dispense. The RCBS Chargemaster Combo With Dispenser and Scale is fully assembled and ready to start right out of the box. The RCBS Chargemaster Combo with Dispenser and Scale hopper holds over a pound of powder and can dispense up to 60 grains in less than 30 seconds. The RCBS Chargemaster Combo with Dispenser and Scale has a simple to use digital screen and inputs so set up is easy and repeatable. The RCBS Chargemaster Combo With Dispenser and Scale can handle charges up to 300 grains and has a tolerance window of ± 0.1 grains. The RCBS Chargemaster Combo with Dispenser and Scale has a powder drain for easy powder swapping and can handle extruded stick, spherical ball and flake type powders.
Chargemaster Combo with Dispenser and Scale (110v/120v Volt) by RCBS is the ultimate digital scale and dispenser all in one. The Chargemaster Combo with Dispenser and Scale can handle stick, ball and flake powder. The Chargemaster Combo with Dispenser and Scale can throw up to 300 grains at once and does up to 60 grains in 30 seconds or less with a tolerance of ± 0.1 grains.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.657965
Retrieved Text: ERP-Scale offers SAP Integration for weighing devices in a simple, easy-to-use package. It combines the configuration settings for both the device communication and the RFC connection in one robust plug & play package. ERP-Scale communicates directly with ECC & EWM using RFCs provided in the standard SAP system.
ERP-Scale supports a full range of settings to control communication with the weighing device connected to the PC using serial RS232 or USB HID POS. It also supports scales that use TCP or UDP for communication and Serial to Ethernet Device Servers. Powerful parsing commands allow the user to accurately extract the data required in SAP.
The vast majority of weighing scales with a computer connection are supported by ERP-Scale including scales from Mettler Toledo, Avery Weigh-Tronix, Bizerba, Dymo and Fairbanks. Other industrial equipment that supports computer communication can be interfaced with SAP using ERP-Scale.
ERP-Scale automates the process of weight collection saving not only time, but also removing the risk of keying errors.
Our tutorial video demonstrates how to interface your weigh scale to SAP in under 5 minutes.
ERP-Scale is designed for quick and easy implementation.
ERP-Scale integrates with RFCs delivered in standard SAP without the need for system modifications or additional software or middleware. As ERP-Scale communicates directly with SAP, the utility scale_for_r3 is not required.
The packing station transaction in SAP ECC is used to pack outbound deliveries. ERP-Scale integrates weighing scales directly with the transaction’s weighing function.
THE EWM transaction /SCWM/QINSP can be used to perform quality inspections for catch weight products. Transaction /SCWM/PACK provides packing station functionality in EWM.
ERP-Scale’s interface

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.655222
Retrieved Text: Bathroom Scale Taylor 7506 has a variety pictures that joined to locate out the most recent pictures of Bathroom Scale Taylor 7506 here, and furthermore you can get the pictures through our best bathroom scale taylor 7506 collection. Bathroom Scale Taylor 7506 pictures in here are posted and uploaded by Adina Porter for your bathroom scale taylor 7506 images collection. The images that existed in Bathroom Scale Taylor 7506 are consisting of best images and high setting pictures.
These many pictures of Bathroom Scale Taylor 7506 list may become your inspiration and informational purpose. We hope you enjoy and satisfied taking into account our best picture of Bathroom Scale Taylor 7506 from our hoard that posted here and next you can use it for conventional needs for personal use only. The home Design Ideas team plus provides the supplementary pictures of Bathroom Scale Taylor 7506 in high Definition and Best environment that can be downloaded by click upon the gallery below the Bathroom Scale Taylor 7506 picture.
christianlouca.com can back up you to get the latest suggestion nearly Bathroom Scale Taylor 7506. improve Ideas. We present a top feel tall photo next trusted permit and whatever if youre discussing the residence layout as its formally called. This web is made to outlook your unfinished room into a helpfully usable room in comprehensibly a brief amount of time. for that reason lets undertake a bigger announce exactly what the bathroom scale taylor 7506. is everything roughly and exactly what it can possibly reach for you. like making an gilding

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.650507
Retrieved Text: How To Scale Your Small Business The 3 Fundamental Rules for a Business to Scale to Profit | Free eBooks Download - EBOOKEE!
Posted on 2018-12-25, by everest555.
This video covers the 3 fundamental laws of scale, which must be answered in order for a business to scale to profit. You'll learn how to take a single-person, micro business and scale the reach and profitability of the business. If you're delivering the work to your customers, you can see that there is a limit to the amount of income you can generate. You can either work more hours, or you can increase your prices. You're probably already working every hour you can. And there is a limit to how much you can charge for your services.
The solution is to scale out your delivery and examine the results you can provide to your audience. Your job becomes to deliver those results through as many scalable mediums as you can.
This course is for single-person entrepreneurs, consultants, and freelancers.
No comments for "How To Scale Your Small Business The 3 Fundamental Rules for a Business to Scale to Profit".

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.641645
Retrieved Text: An accurate scale is necessary to get a true account of your weight and those of other objects for that matter. Manufacturers also add other features in the product to distinguish it from their competitors.
The EatSmart digital scale measures 12.5 x 12 x 1.5 inches and weighs 4 lbs. It has a 3.5 inch backlit display. The large display makes it easier to see the readout. There are four high precision sensors included.
The EatSmart Digital scale can provide precise measurements for weights up to 150 kg or 330 lbs. The measurement is done in increments of .2 pounds / 3oz. The top part is tempered glass. The scale is auto calibrated and has an auto power off feature too. The EatSmart Digital scale runs on four AAA batteries.
The Omron HBF-400 measures 12.2 x 11.8 x 2.1 inches (L x W x H). The scale can provide precise BMI (body mass index) readings as well as body fat percentage and weight. The scale can be configured for four personal profiles.
This will allow you and other family members to monitor the BMI and weight. The controls are also laid out in an easy to understand manner. The scale can handle weights of up to 330 lbs (in .2 lb increments).
The body fat percentage is gauged from 5% to 60% in 1% increments. The scale can rate the body mass index 7.0 to 90.0 in .1 increments.
The Omron HB-500 scale dimensions are 12.2 x 11.8 x 2.1 inches. The HB-500 can measure weight, the body mass index, the skeletal

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.639994
Retrieved Text: At home, in surgery and around the world wherever life begins , reliable weight control is decisive for a healthy start in life. The seca 354 is an all-around scale which has been developed on the basis of practical experience. It can be used not only as a baby scale but also as a floor scale for small children.
SKU: seca-354-baby-scale. Categories: Medical, Seca.
At home, in surgery and around the world wherever. Reliable weight control is decisive for a healthy start in life. The Seca 354 is an all-around scale which has been developed on the basis of practical experience. It can be used not only as a baby scale but also as a floor scale for small children.
Babies can be weighed safely and comfortably in the tray of the Seca 354. The rounded shape of the tray with its slightly raised sides gives the baby a feeling of security. By detaching the tray from the base, the scale is converted into a fully functional digital floor scale with a capacity of 20 kg.
Easy to operate due to self-explanatory button functions.
function means that, after being weighed, the baby can first be taken care of before one has to read off the result. With the TARE function, the weight of nappies or soft mats can be reliably deducted. With the Breast-Milk-Intake-Function, one can determine how much milk the baby has drunk when breast fed. Because, at the touch of a button, the weight of the baby determined before feeding is deducted from the weight determined after feeding.
Its compact,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.63323
Retrieved Text: AWS BT2-1KG 1000 gram Digital Pocket Scale 1000 x 0.1 g [BT2-1kg] - $24.95 : Scales-n-Tools.com, Enjoy our Selection, Price, and Convenience.
The flip-open removable cover can be used as an expansion tray.
Includes vinyl pouch to keep the scale in.
Calibrates with a 500 gram weight or a 100g weight (not included) can be added here.
Thank you for purchasing the American Weigh BT2-Series digital pocket scale. Please read all operating instructions carefully before use. This electronic scale is a precision instrument. With normal care and proper treatment, it will provide years of reliable service. Never load the scale with more than the maximum capacity. Overloading the scale will permanently damage it! Avoid any exposure to extreme heat or cold. Your scale works better when operated at normal room temperature. Always allow the scale to acclimate to normal room temperature for at least one hour before use.
Place the scale on a flat and level surface.
Note: This scale features a removable protective cover which can also be used as a weighing tray. To remove the tray, flip the hinge release switch on the side of the scale.
1. Press the [ I/O ] key.
2. Wait until "0.0g" or "0.00g" is displayed.
3. Place the object(s) to be weighed on the weighing platform.
4. Using the [ M ] key, you can switch between weighing units.
Using Tare, you can subtract the weight of a container.
1. Turn the scale on as described above.
2. Place the "tare item" on the platform such as a tray or container.
3. Press [ T ] and wait until "0.0g" or

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.632303
Retrieved Text: Chapter 5 Map Scale and Generalization Concepts Scale Scale is the relationship between distance on the map and distance on the ground. Selecting the appropriate scale depends on the size of the sheet of paper and the accurate placement of features.
Scale is the relationship between distance on the map and distance on the ground.
Selecting the appropriate scale depends on the size of the sheet of paper and the accurate placement of features.
A word statement gives a written description of scale, such as "One centimeter equals one kilometer" or "One centimeter equals ten kilometers."
A ratio or representative fraction (RF) indicates how many units on the earth's surface is equal to one unit on the map. It can be expressed as 1/100,000 or 1:100,000.
It is simply a line marked with distance on the ground which the map user can use along with a ruler to determine scale on the map.
In the U.S., a graphic scale often includes both metric and U.S. common units.
How to Measure Distances on a Map?
Find the scale for the map you're going to use - it might be a ruler-looking bar scale or a written scale, in words or numbers.
Use a ruler to measure the distance between the two places. If the line is quite curved, use a string to determine the distance and then measure the string.
If the scale is a word statement (i.e. "One centimeter equals one kilometer") then determine the distance.
For a graphic scale, you'll need to measure the graphic and divide the scale into the measured units on the ruler.
Watch

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.62986
Retrieved Text: AWS Aviator Capacity Digital Luggage Scale 110 x 0.2 lb [AWS-Aviator] - $24.74 : Scales-n-Tools.com, Enjoy our Selection, Price, and Convenience.
The Aviator Digital Hanging Scale by American Weigh Scales is an extremely versatile and compact digital hanging scale. If you are a frequent traveler, you will find it convenient knowing what your luggage weighs before you leave to the airport. All of the functions of the hanging scale are built into the handle making it very compact and easy to pack into tight spaces. This could be in your luggage or even in your carry-on.
The Aviator Digital hanging scale features an ergonomically designed handle for comfort. You can use the scale as much as desired. Since all the functions are built into the handle, it is very easy to use. Just strap it onto your suitcase and quickly find out its weight. An additional weighing hook is available to be used instead of the strap, for your convenience. Hook and lift, Voila! you have the weight of your package.
The Aviator Digital Scale has a maximum weight capacity of 110 pounds. The weight is broken down to 0.1 lbs. Additionally, the digital hanging scale offers you a choice between pounds (lbs.) and kilograms (KGS.). That way, if you are travelling overseas, you can conveniently know ahead of time the weight of your luggage or package.
As was previously mentioned, the Aviator Digital Hanging Scale is very compact. This makes it easy to take with you on trips, be it business or vacation. It fits easily into a duffle

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.629355
Retrieved Text: The scales in this section are mostly derived from chord progressions rather than specific chords. For the most part, they can be used as bridges between chords, allowing you to play either the same or very closely related scales over two or more different chords. This is sometimes called harmonic generalization.
The blues scale is often the first scale, after the major scale, taught to beginning improvisers, and is in some cases the only other scale they ever learn. This scale supposedly has its roots in African American music dating back to the days of slavery, but the exact origins of its modern incarnation are unknown. The C blues scale consists of “C, Eb, F, F#, G, Bb”. The second degree of this scale, which is the flatted third of the minor scale, is called a blue note. In vocal music, it is often sung somewhere between an Eb and an E. In instrumental music, various techniques are employed to achieve the same effect, such as stretching the string while playing an Eb on a stringed instrument, lipping down an E on a wind instrument, or striking both the Eb and E simultaneously on a keyboard instrument. The flatted seventh and fifth are also sometimes called blue notes, and are not always sung or played exactly on the notated pitch. Variations on the blues scale that include the natural third, fifth, or seventh can be used as well. Also, note that if the flatted fifth is omitted, the resultant scale is the minor pentatonic scale. The minor

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.622352
Retrieved Text: Definition: The Continuous Rating Scale is a Noncomparative Scale technique wherein the respondents are asked to rate the stimulus objects by placing a point/mark appropriately on a line running from one extreme of the criterion to the other variable criterion.
The continuous rating scale is also called as a Graphic Rating Scale. Here the respondent can place a mark anywhere on the line based on his opinion and is not restricted to select from the values as previously set by the researcher. The continuous scale can observe many forms, i.e. it can either be vertical or horizontal; scale points, in the form of numbers or brief descriptions, may be provided, and if these are provided, then the scale points might be few or many.
Once the ratings are obtained, the researcher splits up the line into several categories and then assign the scores depending on the category in which the ratings fall. We can say that the continuous rating scale possesses the characteristics of description, order and distance. By description, we mean, the unique tags, name or labels used to designate each scale value. The order refers to the relative position of the descriptors, and the distance means an absolute difference between the descriptors is known and can be expressed in unitary terms.
One of the advantages of the continuous rating scale is that it is easy to construct. But, however, the scoring is burdensome and reckless. Also, these rating scales provide little information. Therefore, the continuous rating scale has limited use in the marketing research.
Despite the limitations, due

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.603632
Retrieved Text: Scales have always been an important piece of equipment to accurately measure the weight of things. Many consumers may have scales in their homes to track their own weight. However, scales also play a very important part in various types of industries. Scales are considered vital in many different types of businesses. There are various types of industrial scales to be used in different types of businesses, including technology, manufacturing and the medical field.
In industries, a scale may be important for many different reasons. Scales may be used to weigh different types of products, including livestock on a farm and even liquids used in a laboratory. When purchasing an industrial scale, it is important that the company has the right type of scale for their industry that features the latest technology to ensure that their products are being weighed as accurately as possible. They will also want a scale that is made of the highest quality materials, like stainless steel, which is known for its durability.
To find the best scale for an industry, a person must consider what their needs are. While accuracy is at the top of the list, technology has made scales do more than they ever could before. Many scales feature easy to read LCD displays that display the weight quickly and accurately. Even more advanced features include Ethernet connectivity, to allow the scale to be linked to a network, and even interfaces that let a user easily connect the scale to a printer, so that important measurements can be printed for record

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.598674
Retrieved Text: If you want to learn how to make chords, that is great! Learning how chords are made rather just memorizing the notes is a definitely the way to go for long term piano playing (and other instruments too).
When learning how to make chords, the best place to start is the major scale.
Take a look at this scale - it's the C major scale.
You can make chords by combining the different notes of the scale and playing them together.
If you take the 1st, 3rd and 5th notes of this scale (or any scale) you get a major chord. The notes here are C E G.
Each type of chord has a title and a formula or pattern. They are based on the major scale. You can read about what the titles mean on the Chord Titles page.
If you work off of a major scale you can make any chord. If you need to make a minor chord or a 7th chord, you follow the same process.
With a minor chord, you must lower the 3rd note of the scale by one semi-tone. So instead of "C E G" you play "C Eb G".
Note that you must change the notes of the major scale.
The same thing happens with a 7th chord. With this chord you must use the 1st, 3rd, 5th and 7th notes of the scale. You must lower the 7th note by one semi-tone.
The notes are C E G Bb.
1. Look at or choose a root note.
Our example was C. It is the first note in the chord.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.598322
Retrieved Text: The Interactive Chord Wheel is an implementation of one of the most basic and significant music theory, 'Circle of fifths' on Android. This app is uniquely designed to represent the relationship between a scale and a chord.
In the screen of this app, the Circle is made up of several concentric rings, which provides various information. By rotating the 2 rings, inner and outer, the needed information can be got easily.
The outer most ring shows information on the scale such as a tonic, a dominant, a sub-dominant, a relative minor, a relative major, and a progression of the degree. The next outer ring shows a series of note's name ordered by the progression of 5th, and the root note of a scale can be set by rotationg this ring. When rotating the outer ring, the inner ring rotates also. The next ring shows a degree of a note and a diatonic chord in that scale. By rotaing the next ring, a chord can be set. If a note name of the outer ring is touched, then a diatonic chord, of which the root note is the note, is set. Instead of the inner chord ring, a key progression ring can be displayed which is very useful when transposing a song to another key. At the center of the concentric rings, a signiture of the scale is displayed.
In music theory, the circle of fifths (or circle of fourths) is a visual representation of the relationships among the 12 tones of the chromatic scale, their corresponding key signatures, and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.591216
Retrieved Text: The Michelli Weighing & Measurement service team provides scale maintenance services. Our experts highly encourage regularly scheduled preventative scale maintenance to help keep your equipment running in peak condition and to increase its longevity.
What sorts of preventative maintenance does Michelli perform?
In this post, we take a look at common scale issues we run into during the Winter months. Read on for those issues, as well as maintenance solutions you can implement to prevent these problems from occurring.
You can find your nearest Michelli office here to contact us by phone, or request a quote online today.
Your scale or its components are at risk of flooding during heavy rain.
The installation of proper drainage systems helps to reduce the risk of losing equipment to flooding. After installation, maintaining the drain so that it remains unobstructed is imperative to ensure proper functioning during inclement weather.
Water intrusion can ruin the electronics & load cell that make the scale work. If your equipment was only briefly submerged, it may survive. When equipment remains submerged under water, it may experience irreparable damage.
Condensation from rain or thawing can reach & damage scale electronics.
Ensuring that all junction boxes & gaskets are in good condition to prevent water intrusion in electronics like cells, & cable connections. Replace old gaskets & junction boxes as needed to avoid the cost associated with replacing scale electronics.
Water damages electronics. Using gaskets & other types of insulation are the only way to protect your equipment from the elements. Gaskets can become worn over time as a result of sun exposure, use,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.57599
Retrieved Text: To use scales successfully you need to swap scale every time the chord changes. Many guitar players don’t do this, instead, they pick just one that ‘kind of works’ and ignore the chord progression beneath.
This is called using a ‘blanket scale’ and means that they’ve set themselves up for a lifetime of guessing what notes will work.
The listener always hears melodies in relation to the chords so even if you don’t think you do it, it is still happening – the scale always does change with the chords.
Since scales do change when the chord change, whether you like it or not, it is in your best interest to get so good at playing scales that you can swap them as the chords move along.
Do this and you’ll be playing with the music, rather than ‘on top of it’.
Every pentatonic scale shape can be directly linked to a barre chord shape. As there are only five minor and five major shapes to learn, this won’t take long.
Even better news, when you start playing using modes (Mixolydian, Dorian, Aeolian etc) they can, in turn, be built from the pentatonic shapes by only adding a couple of notes.
To fully understand how to use scales to your advantage you need real songs and actual examples, just practicing the shapes won’t be enough so I’ve incorporated all this into the intermediate step by step guitar course.
Not only will you learn how to change scale as the chord changes, you’ll start seeing music in a completely different way and leave all those

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.568853
Retrieved Text: HOLISTIC HEALTH: Instantly learn 12 insightful measurements of your body's health.
FREE EUFYLIFE APP & 3RD-PARTY APPS: Track your measurements on Apple Health, Google Fit, and Fitbit.
ACCURACY IMPROVED BY 10%: Two pairs of super-sensitive G-shaped sensors ensure more precise measurements.
FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY: Track the health trends of up to 16 users from one account,recognise each member automatically.
WHAT YOU GET: Smart Scale C1, AAA batteries x3, Quick Start Guide, User Manual, and our worry-free 15-month warranty.
The rounded-glass top plate safeguards you from bumping into pointed edges.
The anti-slip top plate and low, stable design ensure stability when you step on.
Switch from pounds to kilograms and back in one second.
Fast wireless data transfer means you can view your measurements in seconds.
See all the historical data of your progress and health trends with ease.
eufy Smart Scale C1 is intelligent enough to match measurements to the correct user profile, automatically.
Why is my weight measurement inaccurate?
After installing batteries and turning the scale on, wait until ""0.0"" is displayed before stepping on the scale.
Do not move while your measurement is being taken.
After completing a measurement, wait until the scale turns off before picking it up or moving it.
Can I sync the data with my phone after I step off the scale and the scale has turned off?
Within 10 minutes. The scale will keep Bluetooth active when it is running or within 10 minutes after users step off it. The scale can store up to 100 readings and once a smartphone is connected, the data recorded on the scale will sync to the smartphone.
Are

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.557442
Retrieved Text: NUWEIGH offer an excellent range of TGA approved medical scales for both public and private hospitals throughout Australia.
Manufactured by a global medical scale leader, the NUWEIGH medical range are leading the way to provide the more accurate, functional, cost effective medical scales for your hospital, or practice.
The LOG 672, a 300kg bariatric scale with hand support rails and an in built height measurement rod. This scale can capture patients weight, BMI, height and also print all data. It is a sturdy, robust design while being easily transportable. It comes with a full 240v Powerpack or 6 x 1.5v batteries.
Our MS 3830 wheelchair scale while being versatile, is used mostly as a wheelchair scale that can weigh all models of wheelchairs whether manual or electronic. The scale can have wheelchair tares programmed into the digital indicator. Like the LOG 672, it is easily manoeuvrable and can be mains powered or battery powered. The scale can double as a patient stand on scale with the safety hand rails to support.
The Nuweigh LOG 909 patient platform scale is TGA approved with a large non slip platform and 250kg capacity. It has a pole mounted bright backlight display approximately in 1m height. This medical scales has a BMI function, and in built height rod. The scale can be easily manoeuvred with wheels on the base to move around wards. The LOG 909 is installed in many hospitals around Australia.
All these medical scales are TGA approved so please contact the NUWEIGH team for our excellent prices. We have stock available in

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.551766
Retrieved Text: Trade scale verifiable up to 15 kg, resolution from 2 g, memory for base price, taring function, keys for direct prices, rugged ABS plastic housing, rotatable screen on tripod for the client, battery or network component, heavy steel plate, backlight.
Trade scale should be verified when it is used for determining the price/weight ratio. No matter how small the business is, the trade scale verification is mandatory. This economic trade scale is verifiable, which means you don't have to go to a verification office. The trade scale is a an accurate weighing device and it determines the price of the weighed product in terms of the base price per kg or g. The numeric keys on the trade scale are used to directly enter the base prices, and it even allows to record some of them. The taring function key of the trade scale can deduct the weight of the package. The add up function allows the trade scale to weigh various products and then sum up the total price. The trade scale has a triple screen for displaying the weight, the base price of 1 kg or 100 g, total price indication. The customer display can be rotated and placed on a tripod so that the client can see the information well. The height of the digits is 20 mm, allowing reading at a distance. Despite all its functions, the trade scale is very practical and easy to use. The trade scale is powered by battery or network component. It is easy to handle and it

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.550544
Retrieved Text: Most of the time we focus on how to buy scales or what features are ideal for your next truck scale purchase. Today we wanted to briefly discuss truck scale service and repairs since eventually you will have to call to have service and repair done on your truck scale. And let’s face it, if a repair isn’t done right and efficiently, any money you saved on your truck scale purchase could be lost in a lengthy repair. Almost every digital scale from a small bench scale to a large truck scale has a digital weight indicator. Most scales have one or more load cells. Quite a few scales have a junction box with summing board. Most electronic truck scales feature these components as well. Most of the time to test and calibrate these bench and floor scales, you just place weights in a few spots, test and calibrate if necessary. However, the testing and calibration that is performed on a truck scale varies from the standard bench and floor scales.
Most truck scales are checked with test weights and a portable test cart filled with certified weight. This allows the scale technician to drive the cart over the scale and test the scale more thoroughly than just placing weights on the end of the scale. Having a test cart with weights should allow you to get a better and more detailed test of your truck scale than if you don’t use a cart. That is one reason it is important to choose a truck scale calibration

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.549708
Retrieved Text: You can easily order one or more slide rules with our request form or alternatively download a digital version. A detailed description regarding the use of the slide rule can be found in the download area of ​​our technical essay. You will also find an online description in the section Filter Knowledge.
Set, e.g., the air volume of 1,000 m³/h on scale 6 above the green triangle. For example, you have a suction channel with a pipe speed (scale 2) of 18 m/s. Read the required pipe diameter of 140 mm on scale 3 or for a rectangular channel the cross section 155 cm² on scale 4.
Set, e.g., the air volume of 1,000 m³/h on scale 6 above the green triangle.
Now, you can read from 1 m/min filtration speed available on scale 13, the necessary filter area of 16.5 m² on scale 12.
The rising speed (scale 9) can be influenced by variations in different filter elements and/or different series (scale 11), depending on your product requirements.
Use our product dimension sheet "PM-TS-01" and our calculation example in our technical essay to select the filter elements.
You can read about how to calculate the required ventilator power from a known filter area and filtration speed in our technical essay.
Further calculation examples can be found in our technical essay.
You can easily order one or more slide rules with our request form or alternatively download a digital version.
A detailed description of the use of the slide rule can be found in the download area in our technical essay.

================



======= Instance Index 252 =========
Input Text: Bacteria

Which is the correct answer?
- is lacking in any benefits to an organism
- is unable to infect any organisms
- can be beneficial and detrimental to an organism's health
- is always harmful to an organism

Target Text: can be beneficial and detrimental to an organism's health

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.39358
Retrieved Text: tek 4A.Could Bacteria-Fighting Viruses Replace Overused Antibiotics?
antibiotics are being overused and are becoming less effective as time goes on because the bacteria is always changing and adapting to survive so the antibiotics could never really stop bacteria only suppress the effects. viruses on the other hand specifically phages kill bacteria not human cells. each phage can only attack a specific bacteria string.
tek 4b For bacteria what is the difference of bacilli, cocci, and spirilla?
the difference between all of these things are their shape.
4a Why are bacteria so different from normal cells?
well for starters human,plant and animals are all eukaryotic cells and most bacteria are prokaryotic. bacteria and more primitive than animal and humans cells and the contents in the cell membrane.
4a Compare and contrast prokaryotes and eukaryotes.
4b How do bacteria reproduce?
bacteria produce by binary fission and what this is, is a bacteria strand that is divided and made into 2 exact copies (daughter cells) this can occurs around every 20 minutes if the conditions are a good condition.
4b Can bacteria live without a host organism?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.387937
Retrieved Text: Mutations can result in antibiotic resistance in bacteria. Resistant bacteria survive antibiotic treatment and can increase in numbers by natural selection.
Bacteria grow and multiply fast and can reach large numbers. When bacteria multiply, one cell divides into two cells. Before the bacterium can divide, it needs to make two identical copies of the DNA in its chromosome; one for each cell. Every time the bacterium goes through this process there is a chance (or risk, depending on the end result) that errors occur; so-called mutations. These mutations are random and can be located anywhere in the DNA. Mutations can also form due to external factors like radiation or harmful chemicals.
While some mutations are harmful to the bacteria, others can provide an advantage given the right circumstances. Here, Darwin’s theory of natural selection comes in. If a mutation gives the bacterium an advantage in a particular environment, this bacterium will grow better than its neighbors and can increase in numbers – it is selected for.
Mutations are one way for bacteria to become resistant to antibiotics. Some spontaneous mutations (or genes that have been acquired from other bacteria through horizontal gene transfer) may make the bacterium resistant to an antibiotic (See: Resistance mechanisms for information about how bacteria resist antibiotic action). If we were to treat the bacterial population with that specific antibiotic, only the resistant bacteria will be able to multiply; the antibiotic selects for them. These bacteria can now increase in numbers and the end result is a population of mainly resistant bacteria.
Figure 1. Natural selection

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.386315
Retrieved Text: Talking Bacteria repeat your words in a choir. You can tickle them to make them laugh or poke them t. The app falls into the Entertainment category. This particular Talking Bacteria John John & John download is currently a free version that can run on ios mobile . Talking Bacteria John, John & John - Free Download: Download Free√ Auto- Updater√ Safe and Virus Free√.Talking Bacteria John, John & John - Download .
Talking Bacteria for iPhone, free and safe download. Talking Bacteria latest version: Send recorded messages to others in a cute chorus. Download youtube talking bacteria john, laughing. Talking tom cat 2 for ipad Free download talking tom cat apk android. Talking larry new free game for. As a talking bacteria in this side, you will send built in looking, sitting, and including natural photos for able band enterprise. This offers a status, deployed each.
Talking bacteria johnTalking Tom Cat 2 apk,Talking Ben the Dog apk, Long John Silver apk,Talking Cat apk,Talking Tom Cat apk,Talking. talking bacteria johnTalking Rapper apk,Talking Tom Cat 2 apk, Talking Ben the Dog apk,Talking Tom & Ben News apk,PhotoSpeak: 3D . talking bacteria john john johnTalking Rapper apk,Talking Tom Cat 2 apk,Talking Ben the Dog apk,Talking Tom & Ben News apk. Talking bacteria john Bacteria in the jar apk,John NES-NES Emulator apk,Brave John apk,John GBA-GBA emulator apk,Long John Silver. Discover the best similar apps to Talking Bacteria John, John & John in ios and the 12 best alternatives to Talking Bacteria John, John & John free and paid.
Talking Bacteria John John

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.367855
Retrieved Text: How does salmonella typhimurium bacteria spread?
Does mebendazole kill good intestinal bacteria?
No bacteria: Mebendazole kills parasites, not bacteria.
Will cefixime (surpax) kill yersinia and proteus mirabillis bacteria?
Can probiotics eliminate feces smelling breath?
Suggests contamination with urogenital or skin flora. >100,000 CFU/ml Lactobacillus species. 20,000 CFU/ml mixed gram positive flora. What's it mean?
Does the "beneficial bacteria" in yogurt kill candida albicans overgrowth in your intestinal tract?
Will good hygiene prevent clostridium difficile infections?
Does vaginal fluid kill bacteria?
Are legionella bacteria and giardia connected?
Will giardia infection kill me?
Will hand sanitizers kill the h. Pylori bacteria?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.364969
Retrieved Text: Meaning and definitions of bacteria, translation in Tamil language for bacteria with similar and opposite words. Also find spoken pronunciation of bacteria in Tamil and in English language.
What bacteria means in Tamil, bacteria meaning in Tamil, bacteria definition, examples and pronunciation of bacteria in Tamil language.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.319865
Retrieved Text: Growing bacteria at home is actually pretty simple. With adult supervision, kids in grade 3 and up can experiment with bacteria found in the air, on household surfaces, and even on their own hands! Buy everything you need for less, including a manual explaining how to grow bacteria in a petri dish. Perfect to use for a science fair project!
Aren’t bacteria too tiny to see?
But with this bacteria growing kit, you can culture a microbe colony that’s large enough to see without a microscope. Kit includes prepared agar, Petri dishes, bacteria growing guide, and more.
Heat the nutrient agar in the microwave, pour into Petri dishes, and let cool.
Use a sterile swab to gather a bacteria sample and transfer it to the petri dish by drawing a zig-zag on the surface of the agar.
Replace the lid, tape it shut, and leave the petri dish undisturbed, checking for bacteria growth daily.
This bacteria experiment kit includes enough prepared nutrient agar for 20 Petri dishes. Along with 20 sterile swabs & culture plates, antibacterial iodine solution, a step-by-step how-to grow bacteria experiment guide, and more, kids can also test the anti-bacterial effects of common household cleaners. This kit has plenty of bacteria-growing supplies for a small classroom or for students working in groups.
Bacterial growth is best at 85-90 degrees. Consider setting cultured Petri dishes under a task lamp.
Although you’ll see bacteria growing sooner (and possibly mold & yeast!), allow 7 days from start to finish for your experiment or science fair project.
Label the bottom of your cultured petri dish with

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.284447
Retrieved Text: There are over 500 types of bacteria and yeast that live inside of our guts alone! Not to mention that every single surface of the planet is covered in bacteria - from the smell of the rain to assisting plants with uptaking nutrition at the roots - bacteria are intimately involved in every aspect of life in our galaxy!
Why do we call ourselves "Bacteria Powered"?
Bacteria live all over our bodies - both inside & out.
Bacteria make up over 90% of the cells in your body - we are only 10% human cells!
Bacteria break down the food in our gut, create vitamins, help us absorb nutrition from our food and keep our immune system strong.
Kombucha, kvass, kefir, jun, kraut, kimchi, salami, wine, beer and more are all bacteria rich foods that keep our bodies in balance and running the way mother (bacteria) nature intended. Show your love for all things bacteria with this glossy sticker. The perfect gift for fermentation fans, bacteriologists and all bacteriosapiens in your life.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.277265
Retrieved Text: a group of Gram-positive BACTERIA (see GRAM'S STAIN that carry out a LACTIC ACID FERMENTATION in which SUGARS, such as LACTOSE, are converted to lactic acid. The acidity inhibits the GROWTH of competing bacteria. These bacteria are used in the food industry, for example in the preparation of dairy products, pickles and sauerkraut, but they can also cause food spoilage. Such bacteria are found in the GENUS Lactobacillus.
Selection criteria for lactic acid bacteria to be used as functional starter cultures in dry sausage production: An update.
Since lactic acid bacteria exhibit their inhibitory actions against unwanted organisms due mainly to production of lactic acid, leading to reduction in the pH of the medium and thereby creating an inconducive environment for potential pathogens and spoilage organisms, efforts are being intensified to promote secretion of the organic acid by manipulation of the growing medium.
Antibacterial activity of lactic acid bacteria included in inoculants for silage and in silages treated with these inoculants.
Many researchers concluded that a fresh material could be effectively foddered with a suitable dry matter composition, 30-50 g kg-1 DM of fermentable sugar, low BC, and lactic acid bacteria populations more than 1 x105 CFU g-1 FM (Weinberg, 2008).
Avian reovirus sigma C enhances the mucosal and systemic immune responses elicited by antigenconjugated lactic acid bacteria.
Applications and interactions of bacteriocins from lactic acid bacteria in foods and beverages.
Screening of lactic acid bacteria isolated from fermented table olives with probiotic potential.
Lactic acid bacteria are also popular in food systems due to their GRAS status.
However, although adapted to lactic acid bacteria

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.2769985
Retrieved Text: Market.us release a new market research report on “Global Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels Market By Type (PVDF Panels, PE Panels), By Application (Building Curtain Wall, Interior Decoration, Other), By Region and Key Companies – Industry Segment Outlook, Market Assessment, Competition Scenario, Trends and Forecast 2019-2028” to its Gigantic Report Online Store. The report highlights well-known performers from the comprehensive and profit-making anti-bacteria aluminum composite panels market along with their contribution to the market to see their evolution at intervals the accountable time.
Global Anti-Bacteria Aluminum Composite Panels Market 2019 report has been replete with analysis from the research on questions which boundary on pathways, surroundings improvements, performance status, global market size, and tendency. These are all of the understanding that the situation is currently 2019 offshoots. It also helps with the path for a anti-bacteria aluminum composite panels organization and discernment of this contest situation from the market. To have a better comprehension of the way in since this can help anti-bacteria aluminum composite panels investors and manufacturers equally.
By type, the market is segmented into PVDF Panels, PE Panels. By application, the market is divided into Building Curtain Wall, Interior Decoration, Other. Based on geography, a market is analyzed across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. Major players profiled in the report include 3A Composites, Alcoa, CCJX, Goodsense, HongTai, Mitsubishi Plastic, Seven, Sistem Metal, HuaYuan, Jyi Shyang, Laminators, Hongseong.
This report covers the comprehensive analysis of tendencies involving key global anti-bacteria aluminum composite panels market drivers and restraints affecting. The review also

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.262321
Retrieved Text: are living organisms that consist of one cell.
Bacteria are the smallest of all living things.
Bacteria are the oldest and most diverse life forms.
Some bacteria are used to fight off harmful infections. Where would you find these helpful bacteria in the human body?
What is the significance of scientist Alexander Fleming accidentally finding a single mold growing in a used petri dish?
All petri dishes should be sterilized to prevent cross contamination.
It was the first form of cell mutation.
It was penicillin, a powerful antibiotic that kills bacteria.
He had created a toxic substance without even trying.
In which of these foods might you find E. coli?
What do bacteria in our soils and waterways do to help our environment?
They serve as food for other organisms.
They decompose dead organisms and animal wastes into chemical elements.
Once ingested, they can protect animals from transmitted diseases.
They can protect plants from diseases.
the desert and hot springs.
What has caused some bacteria to become drug-resistant?
What do helpful bacteria do for humans and animals?
They help digest food and destroy harmful organisms in the intestines.
Intestinal bacteria help the body absorb vitamins.
They live in their stomachs to help digest food.
Which of the following is an example of how bacteria can help change a chemical into a form that can be used by plants?
Some bacteria convert carbon monoxide in the air into nutrients for plants.
Some bacteria convert nitrogen in soil into nitrate.
Some bacteria convert oxygen in water into nitrogen used by plants.
Some bacteria convert nitrogen in water into nitrogen used by plants.
اني راح اجاوب حسب منهج السبعينات الي درسنا عليه..

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.245662
Retrieved Text: When preparing nutrient agar plates, you will need to supply enough nutrient agar in order to have a successful batch of petri dishes.
These calculators will help you determine how many dishes you can make with liquid or powder nutrient agar. You can also calculate how much agar you will need to make the desired number of plates.
Calculations are based off of products sold at Heath Scientific.
Nutrient Agar usually comes in powder or liquid form.
Powder form is usually less expensive due to shipping and storage costs; powder agar needs to be made into liquid form before it can be applied to petri dishes.
On this page we’ll be refering to heterotrophic bacteria and not autotrophic bacteria.
Manifying Glass: to help identify the bacteria once it’s grown.
The Unseen World: Bacteria Culturing Kit contains all you need to grow your own bacteria.
Keep the lid over your plate to prevent contamination.
Aseptic technique is the process of growing and transferring bacteria without contaminating the culture by touching or breathing on the sample.
If you have a specific bacteria culture, you can spread the bacteria on the plate using a sterile swab or innoculating loop. If you would like to collect bacteria growing on a sink, chair, table, or other areas,Â rub a sterile swab across the area you would like to test.Â Then transfer the bacteria to the nutrient agar plate by swiping the swab across the surface of the agar plate.
By holding the lid over the plate as you apply the bacteria, as in the picture here,Â you help prevent contamination. Avoid breathing

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.239852
Retrieved Text: Water sampling and measurements are conducted by Environmental Health Bureau staff.
Above represents the summary statistics of ambient water quality conditions and below is a summary of E. coli bacteria results for GUL-25 (Gull Creek) between May 2001 and June 2009. This site is located in Section Number 30 of Ross Township, East side of Greer Drive, west of North 37th Street.
1 out of 84 water sample results exceeded 300 bacteria colonies per 100 ml of water.
1 out of 84 water sample results were between 130 and 299 bacteria colonies per 100 ml of water.
82 out of 84 water sample results were less than 130 bacteria colonies per 100 ml of water.
Above represents the summary statistics of ambient water quality conditions and below is a summary of E. coli bacteria results for GUL-40 (Gull Creek) between February 2004 and June 2009. This site is located in Section Number 31 of Ross Township, South side of East 'G' Avenue, between North 37th Street.
0 out of 38 water sample results exceeded 300 bacteria colonies per 100 ml of water.
1 out of 38 water sample results were between 130 and 299 bacteria colonies per 100 ml of water.
37 out of 38 water sample results were less than 130 bacteria colonies per 100 ml of water.
Above represents the summary statistics of ambient water quality conditions and below is a summary of E. coli bacteria results for GUL-50 (Gull Creek) between May 2001 and June 2009. This site is located in Section Number 7 of Charleston Township, West side of North 37th

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.235138
Retrieved Text: The body’s assailants are cleverer than previously thought. New research from Lund University in Sweden shows for the first time how bacteria in the airways can help each other replenish vital iron. The bacteria thereby increase their chances of survival, which can happen at the expense of the person’s health.
The bacteria Haemophilus influenzae is a type of bacteria in the respiratory tract that can cause ear infections and worsen the prognosis for COPD patients. In rare cases, it can also lead to meningitis and septicaemia.
“By accepting help from a specific protein, the Haemophilus bacteria can feed each other with iron and thus favour their survival in the human body. This interaction between the bacteria is a new discovery that has an impact on future research and on the development of vaccines and treatments”, said Kristian Riesbeck, senior consultant and professor at the Department of Laboratory Medicine, Lund University.
All living organisms in the body need iron to survive. The iron can be captured via proteins that circulate in the blood. Earlier research from the same research group, as well as others, has shown that the surface layer of the bacteria is designed to enable the right type of proteins to attach.
“The iron in the body is strongly bound, but the bacteria try to get at it in various ways”, explained Kristian Riesbeck.
In the case of Haemophilus influenzae, the bacteria can bind iron to a specific protein, protein E. Previously, it was only known that bacteria could assimilate the captured iron for their own use, but laboratory analyses

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.233997
Retrieved Text: Pluspng provides you with HQ Bacteria HD.png, psd, icons, and vectors. All of these Bacteria HD resources are for download on Pluspng.
Browse our Bacteria HD collection, Free PNG images Catalogue. Look at Bacteria PNG HD.
Bacteria PNG HD images. Use these free Bacteria PNG HD for your personal projects or designs.
This is the Bacteria HD PNG image archive. Here we go. Optimized for high quality, these are the simplest png in the line style. Downloadable format are PNG (Portable Network Graphics), among others. PlusPng Png Bacteria PNG Clipart pack is unique in providing a huge number of png style by the same team of four designers who create the new png every working day in the same style and with the same high quality.
Are you searching for Bacteria HD png images? Choose from HD Bacteria HD.png graphic-images resources and download in the form of PNG, PSD or EPS.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.224961
Retrieved Text: Thermophiles, or thermophilic bacteria, are a type of extreme bacteria (extremophiles) that thrive in temperatures above 131 degrees Fahrenheit (55 Celsius).
Exposing bacteria with an artificially expanded genetic code to temperatures at which they cannot normally grow, the researchers found that some of the bacteria evolved new heat-resistant proteins that remain stable at temperatures where they would typically inactivate.
The scientists started by tweaking the genome of E. coli so that the bacteria could produce the protein homoserine o-succinyltransferase (metA) using a 21 amino acid code instead of the common 20 amino acid code. Above that temperature, metA begins to inactivate and the bacteria die. At this point, they let natural selection work. Heating the bacteria to 44 degrees Celsius, which is a temperature at which this bacteria cannot survive, the scientists put selective pressure on the bacteria population. As expected, some of the mutant bacteria were able to survive beyond their typical temperature ceiling, thanks to possessing a mutant metA that was more heat stable, all other bacteria died.
The researchers then identified the specific genetic sequence change that resulted in the mutant metA and found it was due to the unique chemical properties of one of their noncanonical amino acids that laboratory evolution exploited in a clever way to stabilize the protein.
This was a very interesting research article you found. The fact that bacteria can die at intense temperatures by just twerking the genome of E.coli is definitely intriguing. This is a good article for researchers to read when discovering new things because now they know a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.213844
Retrieved Text: Superbug is well known as multi resistant or super bacterium. Superbug is not a virus. It is a strain of bacteria that is resistant to one or more antibiotics that would normally treat the bacteria.
In medical science term a bacteria carries several resistance genes is known as Superbug. Currently this type of Bacteria is found in the water of the metropolitan cities around the globe. Some effects of these Superbugs are pneumonia, urinary tract infections and skin infections.
The misuse of the antibiotic is the main reason of the emergence of SuperBug or resistant bacteria.
Excess Used of antibacterial in households like soaps and other products.
Excess used of the antibiotics by the pharmaceutical manufacturing industry.
* It’s an Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria.
* SuberBug is also known by various names like NMD-1, antibiotic-resistant bacteria and multi-drug resistant bacteria.
* Currently there is no vaccines for this bacteria.
* This type of bug is generated due to the misuse of antibiotic.
* Precautions and hygiene is the only cure for this type of bacteria.
* This SuperBug can produce life threatening infections that would spread rapidly from person to person.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.210915
Retrieved Text: Bacteria, a type of germ, are tiny organisms, each made of a single cell. They’re far too small to see with the naked eye — but don’t let their tiny size make you think they’re not important. You should get to know bacteria. For every cell in your brain, bones, organs and blood, there are 10 bacteria. They’re not going anywhere, so you might as well get used to them.
Bacteria can be helpful: Some live in the intestines and aid with digestion. They can also be harmful: Some bacteria cause serious disease. And, believe it or not, some bacteria can be both helpful and harmful. For example, the kinds of E. coli bacteria that live in your intestines are helpful. But the kinds of E. coli consumed through contaminated food are a major cause of food poisoning.
In the study, scientists from Sweden and Germany studied “germfree” mice that had been raised in a sterile environment and kept away from bacteria their whole lives. During various tests of mouse behavior, the germfree mice were more adventurous than regular mice. The germfree mice were bolder and more likely to take risks, like exploring new tunnels in mazes.
Those tests suggest that bacteria can influence mouse behavior. To further explore the question of how bacteria acts on the brain, the scientists tried restoring bacteria to the germfree mice — and found another interesting twist.
After they received bacteria, newborn, germfree mice took fewer risks and acted like the mice that had always been around bacteria. But when the scientists exposed adult,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.209612
Retrieved Text: Released earlier this month, the study focus on the microbiome of urban air. Bacteria can easily become airborne by being lofted into the air from the environment, shedding from humans, as well as other sources. The researchers looked at multiple urban, suburban, and rural sites in and near Xiamen, China. Xiamen is a port city located directly west of Taiwan across the Taiwan straight. It's known for its mild subtropical climate and relatively low air pollution. Summers are hot and humid while winters are mild and dry. The scientists also examined seasonal differences in the airborne bacteria.
About 2% of the bacteria sampled were pathogenic. During the summer it increased to 3% and during spring it fell to 1%. Although this seems low, humans breathe in a large amount of bacteria with every breath, though we have various defenses to protect from infection. During the summer, regions sampled near hospitals saw even higher percentages of pathogenic bacteria. The researchers examined all pathogenic bacteria. In this study, just over a third of disease-causing airborne microbes were infectious to humans. The other two-thirds infect plants, animals, and other organisms.
Why does urbanization increase both the number of airborne bacteria as well as the proportion that cause disease? Increasing urbanization raises the concentration of gas pollutants which can provide nutrients for microbes, supporting their survival and growth. Wastewater treatment plants are a large source of pathogenic bacteria. They concentrate other sources of bacteria, like feces, industrial and domestic sewage. Pathogenic bacteria can continue to grow in bioactivated sludge or effluents after

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.201
Retrieved Text: The first and most common bacteria would be the anaerobic bacteria, Obligate Anaerobes. They are capable of living in places void of O2 and most will die in the presence of oxygen. Some agile bacteria are Facultative Anaerobes. These are able to live both in and out of an oxygen laden atmosphere but they are rare microbes. Clostridium, for example, is one bacterial genes that does not need oxygen to survive. Everyone’s smelled anaerobic decomposition inside the refrigerator on occasions. So to, we have all smelled the offensive odor of this culprit coming from an old garbage can. Byproducts of their anaerobic decay involve hydrogen sulfide which smells like rotten eggs, butyric acid which smells like vomit, ammonia which will set our nostrils reeling, and vinegar. Anaerobic conditions foster pathogenic bacteria and kill off beneficial aerobic bacteria.
The second bacteria type and the most important for live organic horticulture, is the aerobic bacteria, or Obligate Aerobes. Though respiration is crucial to life, the precise function that oxygen plays to maintain life is not readily understood. Essentially, in a microorganism that is capable of using it, O2 enables food compounds to be totally digested. This ensures that every possible amount of energy will be used for maintaining the cell. So the aerobic bacteria have the advantage of metabolic efficiency. Aerobic bacteria can create twenty times more energy, with the equivalent amount of organic compounds, than anaerobic bacteria. What is more, aerobic bacteria aren’t generally known to produce horrible odors. One bacteria in the order of Actinomycetales, genus Streptomyces

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.199277
Retrieved Text: Arthur Andrew Medical’s newest product is the world’s first prebiotic “PHAGE”. Phages, or Bacteriophages, are microscopic proteins that can target and destroy specific bacteria, giving them selective antimicrobial properties. Did you know that most UTIs are caused by specific bacteria that we consume in our foods every day? Our bodies are able to flush out these same bacteria through the urinary tract, where they can cause uncomfortable symptoms and inflammation. Floraphage supports normal urinary tract health by destroying these bacteria within the gut. When neutralized by Floraphage, the bacterial remnants act as a high-quality prebiotic food for our beneficial microflora (probiotics). Based on lab testing with several popular probiotic supplements, Floraphage is able to increase the growth rate of supplemented probiotics by an average factor of 24x compared to control. Any probiotic you take will be 24 times more potent when combined with just 1 capsule of Floraphage per day.
The human digestive tract contains trillions of microorganisms that constantly compete for space and nutrients. This system can be highly susceptible to attacks from harmful bacteria, which can result in digestive discomfort and a weakened immune system. It is therefore important for beneficial bacteria to outperform these harmful bacteria so that proper intestinal balance and overall good health can be achieved. Unfortunately the opposite can sometimes occur, in which aggressive strains of harmful bacteria outgrow and consume more resources than the beneficial bacteria. This phenomenon can be associated with poor health, abdominal discomfort, and bacterial infections. To combat these intestinal imbalances and their damaging effects, Floraphage has

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.197799
Retrieved Text: Resources in Bacterial Takeover include unique collectibles like Minerals or Evolved Bacteria and basic currency like Bacteria and Gene Strands.
Most resources are lost when attacking planets or upon entering a Black Hole, but some — for example Diamonds and Dark Matter — are never lost unless they are actually used to purchase or research something.
Bacteria are your main resource. They are used for purchasing and upgrading colonies and attacking planets.
The primary source of Bacteria is purchasing Bacteria colonies, but there are several other ways as well.
Bacteria can reach large numbers very quickly, which are displayed using abbreviations or scientific notification, if it has been enabled in the settings menu.
The player loses all his Bacteria when attacking a planet or entering a Black Hole. In doing so, more valuable resources are obtained and new Bacteria can be produced faster.
Gene Strands are resources that can be used to purchase various upgrades. Gene Strands and Gene Strand upgrades are not lost after attacking a planet.
Unspent Gene Strands provide a 1% increase to global BPS. This can be increased to 2% by researching Schroedinger's Gene at the Dark Matter Institute.
New Gene Strands can be obtained by killing a percentage of a planet's population.
When entering a Black Hole, Gene Strand upgrades are lost, but the unspent Gene Strands are transformed into Dark Matter.
Evolved Bacteria can be discovered through Bacteria Evolution at the Research Lab.
A player can equip up to 3 Evolved Bacteria at one time, but there are no limitations as to how many Evolved Bacteria can be owned.
The Evolved Bacteria

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.194261
Retrieved Text: Macrophage cell engulfing bacteria. Coloured transmission electron micrograph (TEM) of bacteria (centre, rod-shaped) inside a macrophage cell. The macrophage cell (a type of white blood cell) has engulfed the bacteria in a process that is called phagocytosis. The bacteria are contained in a structure called a vacuole (pale yellow), which is distinct from the surrounding cell cytoplasm (orange). The bacteria will be digested by enzymes from cellular storage structures called lysosomes (not seen). The bacteria are tuberculosis bacteria (Mycobacterium tuberculosis), most often found infecting the lungs.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.185211
Retrieved Text: Bacteria are microorganisms made up of a single cell. A single teaspoon of soil can contain up to a billion bacterial cells. Unsurprisingly, the bacteria population of a jar of soil can probably easily outnumber the human population. While a single bacteria cell is invisible to the naked eye and can only be seen under a powerful microscope, we can see bacteria when they live together in colonies.
Scientists attempt to categorise bacteria into smaller, discrete groups based on how similar their DNA is. These groups are known as phyla (singular: phylum). The DNA of bacteria within the same phylum are more similar, compared to those from another phylum. However, even within a phylum, bacteria remain incredibly diverse and like every living organism, bacteria come in all shapes and sizes.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.178512
Retrieved Text: Well, normally I find popular press stories about getting rid of dust and bacteria to be mostly fear mongering. But this article from WebMD (which much of the time I have complaints about) actually seems worth a look: Are Vacuum Cleaners Bad for Your Health?. The article discusses in part new work from Australian researchers on indoor air quality and vacuuming. The paper is from Environmental Science and Technology: Vacuum Cleaner Emissions as a Source of Indoor Exposure to Airborne Particles and Bacteria. Environ. Sci. Technol., 2012, 46 (1), pp 534—54. DOI: 10.1021/es202946w. The article is currently freely available though I am not sure if that is permanent or not.
They then collected and/or analyzed particles and bacteria coming out of the vacuums. Bacteria were analyzed using culture independent methods (i.e., rRNA PCR) to quantify total bacteria in the sample (in essence qPCR).
We observed mean bacteria emission rates from cold and warm vacuums between 0 and 7.4 Ã— 105 bacteria min^-1. Bacteria emissions were poorly correlated with those of particles and also vacuum temperature, price, and age. ERs of bacteria from cold and warm vacuums were not correlated. There was no apparent relationship with the presence of an exhaust HEPA filter or estimated dust content (percent full) of the container or bag. Interestingly, the bacteria content of the dust collector was poorly correlated with bacteria emissions from cold and warm vacuums.
Our results suggest that different factors are responsible for emission of particles and bacteria across the vacuums we tested. Moreover, the bacteria content of dust in the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.174098
Retrieved Text: Streptomyces coelicoflavus bacteria. Coloured scanning electron micrograph (SEM) of Streptomyces coelicoflavus bacteria (strands) and chains of Streptococcus bacteria (round). Streptomyces coelicoflavus is a filamentous soil bacterium. Streptococcus bacteria are an example of cocci (round bacteria) that form chains.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.171593
Retrieved Text: Petri Dishes for Kids: Get Started Growing Bacteria Today!
Petri dishes are essential for growing bacteria.
A Petri dish is a shallow cylindrical glass or plastic lidded dish used to culture bacteria or small mosses.
Petri dishes are essential for bacteria science projects! Use them to grow bacteria cultures from around your house or live cultures like Bacillus subtillis. This pack comes with 20 sterile disposable 90 x 15 mm polystyrene petri dishes & covers. They are ready to fill - just add agar.
One 125 ml bottle of agar will fill about 10 petri dishes. (Just add enough to cover the bottom of the dish.) These plastic ones cannot be heat sterilized. They have been sterilized by deoxidation.
For some activities using petri dishes, check out our bacteria experiments. Other ideas: swab the inside of your cheek to see what kind of bacteria is in your mouth, study the bacteria that lives in soil or pondwater, and try growing photosynthetic bacteria.
Buy agar and other supplies separately.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.168478
Retrieved Text: First we gathered ten test subjects that were willing to be a part of our experiment. Then, we gave them directions as to what to do. Following that, we took samples of the bacteria colonies from each of their retainers. Thus, with the help of the Sansum laboratory and Dr. Jane we were able to incubate the bacteria colonies.
After spending many hours in the laboratory counting bacteria samples, we came to realize, the longer the retainer is in ones mouth without being brushed, the more bacteria is present. We found this by incubating the bacteria and then counting each colony that appeared on the petri dishes. We noticed that the students who wore their retainers for 4 hours had less bacteria than the people who wore their retainers for 16 hours. Furthermore, the people that did not brush their teeth had more bacteria then the people who did brush their teeth.
We came to the conclusion that time and brushing do effect the amount of bacteria growth on retainers. The longer the retainer is in ones mouth without being brushed the more bacteria will be produced. This is because bacteria feeds of plaque and one develops plaque when they do not brush their teeth.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.168099
Retrieved Text: Bacteria are microscopic, single-celled organisms that exist in their millions, in every environment, both inside and outside other organisms.
Some bacteria are harmful, but most serve a useful purpose. They support many forms of life, both plant and animal, and they are used in industrial and medicinal processes.
Bacteria are thought to have been the first organisms to appear on earth, about 4 billion years ago. The oldest known fossils are of bacteria-like organisms.
Bacteria can use most organic and some inorganic compounds as food, and some can survive extreme conditions.
A growing interest in the function of the gut microbiome is shedding new light on the roles bacteria play in human health.
Bacteria are single-cell organisms that are neither plants nor animals.
They usually measure a few micrometers in length and exist together in communities of millions.
The earth is estimated to hold at least 5 nonillion bacteria, and much of the earth's biomass is thought to be made up of bacteria.
There are many different types of bacteria. One way of classifying them is by shape. There are three basic shapes.
Spherical: Bacteria shaped like a ball are called cocci, and a single bacterium is a coccus. Examples include the streptococcus group, responsible for "strep throat."
Rod-shaped: These are known as bacilli (singular bacillus). Some rod-shaped bacteria are curved. These are known as vibrio. Examples of rod-shaped bacteria include Bacillus anthracis (B. anthracis), or anthrax.
Spiral: These are known as spirilla (singular spirillus). If their coil is very tight they are known as spirochetes. Leptospirosis, Lyme disease, and syphilis are caused by bacteria of this

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.154546
Retrieved Text: Researchers at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health have for the first time identified the genetic mechanisms involved in the formation and survival of L-form bacteria. Their findings are described in a study published Oct. 6 in the journal PLoS ONE.
L-form bacteria, which were first discovered in the 1930s, are morphological variants of classic bacteria that lack a cell wall. Under specialized growth conditions, L-form bacteria are capable of forming a typical “fried egg” colony, so called because it resembles a fried egg rather than the smooth appearance of a classic bacteria colony. These bacteria are believed to form in response to cell wall stress from certain antibiotics or the body’s immune attack and are suspected to be associated with antibiotic-resistant and persistent infections, as well as with certain diseases.
Zhang says that L-form bacteria are difficult to study because their biology and the circumstances favoring the transition of classic bacteria into L-forms are not fully understood; in addition, specialized culture conditions are required for study. Most research on L-form bacteria was largely abandoned in the 1980s before modern molecular tools could be applied, but renewed interest in L-form bacteria has recently emerged.
For the study, Zhang and colleagues William Glover, a graduate student at the Bloomberg School, and Yanqin Yang, a senior program analyst with the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, conducted a genomewide gene expression analysis of L-form colonies of E. coli bacteria. They identified interesting stress genes and pathways that overlap with persisters and biofilm bacteria.
Furthermore, the authors carried out mutant screens and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.152451
Retrieved Text: Reduce waste and odor in Outhouses and Campground holes.
Odormute Outhouse Formula started off as Ryter's Green Label Quick John formula. Trusted for over 50 years, it contains bacteria and enzymes that degrade waste into a ground-absorbing liquid and aid in odor control. Odormute Outhouse Formula is designed for use in outdoor toilets, outhouses, and campground facilities. A blend of Aerobic and Anaerobic Bacteria with natural and synthetic enzymes.
Odormute Outhouse Formula is a blend of aerobic and anaerobic Bacillus bacteria with natural enzymes. These “friendly and helpful” bacteria are added to a favorable environment, like an Outhouse or Septic tank, and the spores germinate into growing cells that activate enzyme systems and begin feeding on the available nutrients. Outhouse Formula contains five strains of Bacillus bacteria including two bacterial strains which are facultative anaerobes. Facultative Anaerobic bacteria work both with and without oxygen.
Why Both Bacteria and Enzymes?
Bacteria are not enzymes, they are living cells. Bacteria (sometimes called sacks of enzymes) produce and use enzymes to breakdown chemical compounds. Enzymes are proteins which accelerate biological reactions. Enzymes act as catalysts that bind with another chemical that is then broken down. Enzymes provide the “spark” to get the bacteria up and moving to perform their job!

================



======= Instance Index 448 =========
Input Text: Which of these is a solution?

Which is the correct answer?
- milk
- coke
- water
- clouds

Target Text: coke

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.825301
Retrieved Text: Get the brilliant 25% cashback as Amazing Pro coupon. Please follow the AP image below for this.
For different professional tasks, we need to create normal or video presentations. For generating these contents, it is better to use professional quality templates. Amazing Pro has come with these professional quality templates. That means, you can generate top class video presentations with the help of this solution.
One of the finest features of Amazing Pro is its professional quality templates. A lot of files have been included in this solution. By using some of those, you will be able to generate any kind of business presentation. These are mainly PowerPoint templates which are easily customizable. Some top quality video templates are also added to this product. These are very much useful for generating top quality explainer videos. You will be allowed to use various effects for making the contents more attractive. Amazing Pro will allow you to customize these templates for generating custom explainer videos.
There are some solutions which cannot work with any niche. But the Amazing Pro is capable of working with any niche. Even you can share the videos on different social media very easily. While generating explainer videos, different characters may need to be used. You don’t have to get these from other sources. This solution offers a very huge collection of SVG characters. These easy to use characters are suitable for dealing with different video presentations.
Though this solution is of the top class, you don’t have to pay much for this. The actual cost of this

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.734796
Retrieved Text: Why Is Everyone Talking About Aws Solution Architect?
As technology is evolving with each passing day every industry is optimizing it on their own ways. Today, if you will go on a hunt you will find that almost every corporate office, as well as business firm, are functioning effectively because of different kinds of software which are present in the market. All of these software stores their data in a cloud server. A server which is unknown to the software from where the user can easily retrieve the data with just a click. In the present day scenario, if an individual is an IT professional having a piece of sound knowledge on cloud computing then they can earn a good sum of money in their professional life. But in order to prove your talent, you must present the recruiter with a certification which will make them aware of your talent. This certificate can be availed by aws solution architect. This article will describe everything about this certification course and why is it so trending. So let’s begin.
What Is AWS Solution Architect?
This certification helps in validating the expertise which an individual has over the AWS servers. The Amazon Web Services or which is commonly known as AWS is a could server which is provided to the software companies to use it as their cloud storing data. An individual with the solution architect certificate can design as well as deploy highly available and scalable data which is free from any kind of fault. The certification course is provided for

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.669722
Retrieved Text: Good Morning Snore Solution is a website that you can find and order Stop Snoring Products at best price on the internet which Good Morning Snore offer 30 Day Money Back Guarantee. When you visit Good Morning Snore Solution website you can shop their Good Morning Snore Solution Products which separate into two categories which are GMSS Single Device and GMSS Family Pack. Good Morning Snore Solution is provide a the most comfortable invasive anti snoring solution product which offer flexible, soft and BPA free material which we can say that Good Morning Snore Solution is one of the best anti snore solution for you and it is the answer for good night’s sleep. Good Morning Snore Solution enter into these business since 2008 which you can assure in their product quality which guarantee from their experience.
Will Good Morning Snore Solution Work for You?
How Bad is Your Snore?
The estimation of the sleep snoring can be classified into 2 and the first one is the non-dangerous snore, and the dangerous snore. The first group of snore doesn’t really give bad affects for the person snoring but might be annoying for the person sleeping beside. Another type is totally opposite, it is the dangerous type of snore that causes severe affects by having clogged breathing pathway, stop breathing while sleeping which gives insufficient oxygen to brain, lung, muscle, and then cause body malfunctioning especially the heart and brain. While sleeping, human will usually receive good amount of oxygen and rest but the person who has snore condition in

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.64476
Retrieved Text: One of the features that I seem to miss most about working with VS.Net and working on an enterprise level application (10+ projects in the same solution) is having no folders inside the solution with which to group related projects together. For example, usually I'll have a pair of projects for each Application tier, one for unit tests and another for the tier implementation (“Dal“,“Dal.Tests“). Using such a folder scheme as mentioned above I'd have a folder under my solution called “Dal” under which these two projects will reside.
It gets more complicated when you want to include various application blocks with their code inside the solution, which in turn might be comprised of several projects on their own (the logging application block comprises 3-4 projects.ugh) Soon the solution starts to look like a big pile of projects and you can't seem to find anything without going through hell.
Well. There's good news and good news.
The good news is that in VS.Net 2005 you get these folders.
The better news is that you don't have to wait for Vs.Net 2005 to get this functionality.
Right click on the solution and select "Add-New Project"
From the dialog select "Other Project Types"
Select the "Enterprise Template Project"
You get a new project with a weird icon inside your solution.
Now, here's the kicker: right click on your newly added project and select "Add-"
You get a "New project" in that menu. You've just added a "folder" to your solution.
You can add Template projects inside template projects - giving you the ability to create a very complicated and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.556276
Retrieved Text: Solution properties that need to be measured are described in the following section.
Surface tension units is force per unit length, such as dynes/cm, and it can be measured by several techniques. Two of these are the Wilhelmy plate method, in which the force necessary to withdraw a thin platinum plate from the solution is measured, and the duNuoy ring method, in which a ring made out of platinum wire is substituted for the Wilhelmy plate and bubble techniques.
Aging stability: A batch of coating solution may not be completely consumed during a coating campaign, or there may be a delay in coating after it is prepared. Therefore, a coating solution has to be stable and not change properties or solution uniformity. This can be measured by accelerated-aging oven testing or by retaining samples in the laboratory and visually observing solution or dispersion changes as the material ages.
Temperature: Solution viscosity is a function of the solution temperature. Therefore, viscosity measurements should be taken at a constant temperature and plant-coating temperatures measured and controlled in plant coatings.
Dispersion uniformity: A coating dispersion contains a solvent and non-soluble particles are separated from each other and uniformly distributed. During aging and under plant processing conditions, they can agglomerate, and the final coated product may not perform as required. Uniformity can be measured by light-scattering techniques and examining coated film with digital image analysis.
Coating solution bubbles: Bubbles in the solution that is being coated may result in small pockets of gas trapped in the final coated film and can prevent the coating from

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.536451
Retrieved Text: Stokes flow is a low-Reynolds number limit, and the resulting solution (Equations 8.12 and 8.13) is independent of the Reynolds number. Why, then, in Equation 8.26, is the drag coefficient dependent on the Reynolds number? How could the drag coefficient be defined differently such that the drag coefficient is not a function of the Reynolds number?
Given a particle of radius a in an infinite domain and a freestream velocity in the x-direction with magnitude U, solve for the velocity around the particle. Assume that the solution is axisymmetric and write the solution in terms of axisymmetric velocity components ur and uϑ, as is done in Equations 8.12 and 8.13.
These six constants can be fixed by examining (a) the boundary conditions at r = a, which gives two constraints (one for each component of velocity at the wall); (b) the continuity equation, which gives three constraints (one for each term in the assumed form for velocity); and (c) the Navier-Stokes equation, which gives one new constraint (two total, but one is redundant with one from the continuity). With these constants fixed, the solution is complete.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.533223
Retrieved Text: With Human Resources budgets tightening and a global economy exhibiting signs of schizophrenic improvement at best, many organizations are still laser-focused on keeping HR software costs down—while at the same time increasing tactical and strategic capabilities. Unfortunately, these mounting pressures to demonstrate cost savings are often made more difficult by vendors and pundits alike. Specifically, these forces lay equal claim to the idea that that their respective HR software deployment option has a lower Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) for your organization. Whether it's Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) or "on-premises", a healthy amount of debate revolves around which deployment option you pay more for in the end. The truth is though, that these talking heads wind up skirting some of the most important TCO elements, and regrettably cast more confusion on the issue than anything else. Here we outline what we consider to be the top 3 most misunderstood facets of TCO that organizations should consider for their next HRMS software selection.
As Gartner research points out, organizations are now increasingly looking for "Systems of Differentiation" and "Systems of Innovation" that can be easily and quickly deployed—and they're favoring flexibility over stability. Organizations must be cognizant of this fact when considering the Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) of a given HR software solution because it greatly impacts the timeframe with which to achieve ROI. After all, what organization is going to shell out the cash necessary to fund an on-premise solution if that solution is only going to be truly useful in the very short term?
Evaluating each deployment alternative

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.520768
Retrieved Text: We have made a lot of themed slime – and this princess slime is one of our favorites! We will show you how to make slime inspired by all of your favorite princesses: Belle, Ariel, Cinderella and Elsa. These 4 different types of slime all have a similar recipe, but with a few small variations to make each princess slime unique. These would be perfect to make with your princess fan or even for a princess party!
From Ariel to Belle slime, you are sure to find a favorite among these 4 options. These would make perfect party favors and would look great in a clear container. Make some to play with while you have a princess movie night at home or just as a fun rainy day activity!
Contact Solution – 1.5 tablespoons. Renu Fresh or Equate are both good brands which contain Boric Acid and Sodium Borate. The contact solution must contain these ingredients for your slime to form. Do not substitute for other brands.
To make the slime, follow the step-by-step directions at the bottom of the post.
Contact Solution -1.5 tablespoons. Renu Fresh or Equate are both good brands which contain Boric Acid and Sodium Borate. The contact solution must contain these ingredients for your slime to form. Do not substitute for other brands.
Iridescent Glitter – we used this kind of chunky glitter and iridescent flakes of glitter.
Follow these steps to make the Belle, Ariel, Cinderella and Elsa Princess Slimes.
2. Pour 6 ounces of of glue (see above for what type of glue you need depending

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.501686
Retrieved Text: that plants grew with energy from the sun, carbon dioxide from the air, and chemicals drawn from soil, water and air until the Swiss chemist Nicolas-Theodore De Saussure proved it in 1804.
Once scientists understood what plants got from soil, they were able to create solutions containing these nutrients in the lab. This opened up the path to creating synthetic fertilizers and, eventually, hydroponic solutions.
The nutrient-water mix in which hydroponic plants grow is a solution. A solution is made up of one or more solutes dissolved in a solvent. The solvent is typically the substance present in the largest amount (Fig. 2).
California, Davis. “But the plant does not need all of these chemicals to function, so a hydroponics solution is a streamlined version of what you find in the soil.” Farmers, and scientists carefully design the hydroponic solution in which plants grow to minimize costs and maximize plant growth.
In addition to carbon dioxide and water, plants need a variety of other chemical nutrients. Plants need some of these nutrients in large amounts and others in small amounts. The former are called macronutrients, and the latter are known as micronutrients. Macronutrients include nitrogen (N), phosphorus (P), potassium (K), and calcium (Ca). Micronutrients include boron (B), copper (Cu), iron (Fe), manganese (Mn), and zinc (Zn).
how acidic or basic a solution is.
For example, calcium and phosphorus are important to plants, and they need to be available in the solution to be taken up through the roots. But if the solution is too basic, calcium ions (Ca2+) will react with phosphate

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.494418
Retrieved Text: The permanence of printed documents and books appears to be primarily dependent on paper stability. Other researchers implicate pH as a major factor in the deterioration rate of paper and acidity as major the cause of this deterioration. During the lithographic printing process, ink is in direct contact with fountain solution, which can be acidic or alkaline. Fountain solution is a mixture of water and chemicals used to keep the non-image areas of a lithographic plate moist. On press the intimate contact of ink with fountain solution creates a fountain solution-in-ink emulsion. The emulsion used here is a stable suspension of fountain solution droplets within the ink. The objective of this study was to determine if ink/fountain solution emulsion, which is printed on paper during lithographic printing, affects the rate of deterioration of paper. The stability of four commonly available papers was observed. These paper types were groundwood, publication grade, coated book, and uncoated book. Samples of the four paper groups were printed with four different ink formulations. The ink formulations were ink, ink and distilled water, ink and acidic fountain solution, and ink and alkaline fountain solution. Samples of the unprinted and printed paper were subjected to an accelerated - aging process by heating the samples for 72 hours at 100 C. The properties of unaged and aged papers were evaluated by pH determination, folding endurance, and tearing resistance. On the basis of statistical analysis of the data, inferences were made about the effect of the ink formulations on the paper properties. This experiment indicates

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.475766
Retrieved Text: Arizona has its famous Phoenix city which is regarded as the most populous city in United States of America. Earlier Phoenix was experiencing recession for quiet some time, however now the city is experiencing boom with too many industries flourishing in. It is one of the largest metropolitan cities in the United States that is known to have many innovations in the field of drug and pharmaceuticals bringing in medicine available for various types of eye care issues.
The drops belong to the category of quinolones which are useful in treatment of microbial infections. Quinolones are recommended by most of the doctors in the city of Phoenix for eye care issues. These drops kill the bacteria that cause eye infection by disabling the reproduction of bacteria or microbes that prepare proteins which they require for their sustenance.
Do not use this solution if you do not know the real cause of eye contamination. Ensure you use this only if it has been advised to you by a doctor.
Before application, ensure you have not touched the tip of the container the solution came into; the solution should not be contaminated.
Close your eyes for a minute or two after you have applied these drops. Wear sunglasses to avoid spreading of the infection to other work mates or family members.
Do not lend or borrow this solution to maintain hygiene.
Avoid riding or driving because use of this solution could cause temporary blurredness or smudgy vision. Also avoid using heavy electrical machinery.
Do not use any other eye solution while using Ciloxan.
Do not use

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.472837
Retrieved Text: In 1977 Shu found another self-similar solution which is realized after a central protostar with infinitesimal mass is formed in the singular isothermal sphere solution. The gas begins to accrete to the protostar. Outside the region where the accretion occurs, the initial SIS is kept unchanged, since the SIS is a hydrostatic solution. And the front of accretion expands radially outward in time. Since the inflow region expand outwardly, he called it the inside-out collapse solution. In Figure 4.7, the evolution is shown for density and inflow velocity. This solution gives the evolution of a protostellar core formed in a subcritical cloud/cloud core.
Comparing with the SIS, when this gives the SIS and when this gives a density distribution in which the pressure is inefficient and the cloud is contracting. The solution with is obtained by a procedure as (1) at a sufficiently large radius , calculate and . (2) from these values, integrate equations (4.59) and (4.60) inwardly. Figure 4.7 show the solution of this type. The solution with inflow speed is accelerated towards the center. Decreasing ( ), it is shown that an outer part reaches . For , the solution reaches the singular line at ( ) 4.2. Since and at , this solution with converges to the SIS at . This means that if there is an infinitesimally small amount of excess mass at the center of SIS, the accretion begins from the center while outside a radius the cloud is left static. The inner part of the solution , and are well

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.464074
Retrieved Text: Allure Rx is an eye revitalizing product which combats the visible signs of aging by proposing a natural solution. Most of us feel chilling in our spines of the thought getting old. The very reason of feeling this is not getting old but looking old which makes your beautiful skin suppress under the heavy aging signs.
To prevent our beautiful skin we often use topical solutions and clinical methods like Botox, injections & skin surgeries which may take a lifelong period to heal. Skin aging is the most buzzing issues in skincare industries because not every woman would love to have visible aging signs on facial skin. These stubborn aging signs firstly start to appear underneath eye areas. Given below are some visible aging signs under eye areas cause the first appearance due to several reasons.
The very reason of these visible aging marks is aging and lack of proper skincare. Excess usage of cosmetic products speed up aging process. So to combat these under eye skin problems you need Allure Rx Ageless Eye Revitalizer which acts as an advanced eye serum to reduce signs of aging particularly around the eye areas.
Allure Rx is a uniquely formulated anti aging products which promises to wipe out all aging signs naturally. It works on all skin type by its universal accepted formula which targets the core issues of issues by getting deeply penetrated in skin layers. It’s a topical applied solution works effective on dark circles, puffiness and visible aging marks. Due to its effective natural Ingredients it promises to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.458368
Retrieved Text: We specialize in the manufacturing and supplying of a supreme quality Garden Light. It is highly flexible and is corrosion resistant. It is ideal for commercial purposes and is consumes less power.
Can replace any Fluorescent bulb, CFL, etc.
We are known for manufacturing and supplying Sports Lighting Solution that are known for their unique designs. Owing to their attractive design, easy installation, and fine finish, the whole range of the spot light series offered by us is highly acclaimed among the client-base, we are honored to gain.
We are engaged in supplying Banquet Hall Lighting Solution, which provides high definition lightning. Which consumes less power and saves more energy as compared to conventional lamps.
Brand LED Chip to offer high luminous efficiency.
Eco-friendly, energy-saving and high luminous efficacy.
No electric wave, No Ultraviolet rays.
Aluminum alloy surface, Firm structure, long lasting.
We bring forth best quality Architectural Lighting Solution, which is popular among our clients for its durability, high efficiency and reliable performance. Ideal for replacing conventional lightings, it is widely demanded in the market. Known for its durability, elegant designs and fine finish.
We are involved in supplying a wide range of Airport Lighting Solution, which is manufactured as per industry standards and cater to the needs of our customers’. It has resistance to vibration and is powder coated in order to provide resistance towards corrosion.
We are a leading Manufacturer & Supplier of Road Street LED Light. These light are highly popular for its anti-corrosive properties. Manufactured using high-grade aluminum sourced from the reliable vendors, these are assured of their durability.
We are a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.415694
Retrieved Text: Advantage Engineering Engine Flush Solution is designed specifically for our static engine flushing equipment. High in detergents and dispersants, Advantage Engineering Engine Flush Solution is effective at dissolving and suspending contaminants which build up in your engine’s crankcase. These contaminants are effectively removed during the engine flush process with ultra fine filtration (down to 1 micron on some models). Advantage Engineering Engine Flush Solution is not a solvent. Formulated with an oil base, sufficient lubricity remains on all bearing surfaces to eliminate problems associated with dry starts.
Advantage Engineering Premium Diesel Fuel System Cleaning Solution is formulated with high flash point technologies to effectively breakdown soft carbon, contaminant, and varnish accumulations that build-up in the manifold, valve, piston, and combustion areas. Periodic removal of these harmful fuel byproducts restore performance, reduce emissions, and prolong engine life.
Advantage Engineering Filters are absolute, non-bypass, in design to trap and remove the smallest of contaminants (down to 1 micron on some models) which can build up and compromise your fluid system with additional restriction and friction.
Advantage Engineering Premium Petrol Fuel System Cleaning Solution is formulated with high flash point technologies to effectively break down soft carbon, contaminant, and varnish accumulations that build up in the manifold, valve, piston, and combustion areas. Periodic removal of these combustion byproducts restore performance, reduce fuel consumption, and increase engine life.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.415307
Retrieved Text: The group of Podiatrists specializing in foot surgery, formed by Rubén Lorca y Luis Miguel Martí have set up the specific Foot Surgery service at the Hospital Clínica Benidorm helping to resolve the patients’ most common and most troublesome foot problems.
The professional “Martí y Lorca Foot Surgery” team stands out from other podiatrists because of the way they specialize in Minimally Invasive Foot Surgery, which involves a set of surgical techniques which offer great results with small incisions in the skin.
Minimal damage caused to structure such as skin, muscle, ligaments and tendons leads to quick and PAINLESS recovery.
Only local anaesthetic is used, which allows the patient to RETURN HOME ON FOOT using neither crutches or walking sticks.
These techniques make it possible to give the patients a DEFINITIVE SOLUTION, both aesthetically and pathologically.
Onicocriptosis, commonly referred to as “in-growing toenail” is a rather common problem which consists of a splinter of the side edge of the nail which becomes incrusted in the surrounding soft tissue, causing pain, inflammation and, on occasions, infection.
The definitive solution is a small operation without cutting the skin, in which the root of the nail causing the damage is removed.
Interdigital Helomas, commonly known as Cloves (phalanges) which causes continuous rubbing of the skin, forming skin lesions.
The definitive solution is a slight filing down of these prominences on the affected bones by way of a small incision (1-2mm).
Deformities of the little toes (“Claw”, “Hammer”, “Mallet” toes) “Supraduction” or “infraduction” to overlap.
These deformities of the little toes cause pain and calluses due to rubbing and pressure

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.413321
Retrieved Text: Top 7 Solution Based Mutual Fund Schemes – Should you invest?
Solution Based Mutual Funds invests based on specific goals. These funds are already existing now, however, they have been classified as equity funds or balanced funds. As per recent SEBI reclassification of mutual fund schemes, AMCs can now create solutions based mutual fund schemes in India as a separate category. Existing funds would be categorized under this new category. What are Solution Based Mutual Fund Schemes? Which are the Top 7 Solution Based Mutual Fund Schemes in India in 2018? Should you invest in these Top 7 Solutoin Based Mutual Fund Schemes?
What are Solution Based Mutual Funds?
1) These funds aim for specific goals like a child’s education or retirement planning.
2) These funds aim for consistent returns rather than higher returns.
3) Solution based funds come with low expense ratio.
4) These mutual funds come with a 5 year lock-in period, which provides funding manager an opportunity to invest in medium to long term bets.
1) These funds would work on providing consistent returns and may provide moderate to lower returns only.
2) These funds are not suitable for moderate risk or high risk takers.
3) These funds have lock-in period of 5 years and some experts believe that liquidity is an issue.
How does solution based mutual funds compare with traditional investment options?
All along we had traditional investment options like pension plans or money back insurance plans or endowment plans for children’s education or retirement planning. Let us compare solution based funds and traditional investment options.
1) Expense Ratio: Traditional pension plans or

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.385706
Retrieved Text: Pool Deck Flooring, Showers, Locker Rooms, Splash Pads, Wet Areas, Outdoor Wet Surfaces, Safe Wet Outdoor Pool Surrounds. Use 7/8 inch tile at the bottom of slides and around play features.
Life Floor pool decking with Ripple top surface texture 7/8 inch is a foam rubber floor tile manufactured using the patented EvaTrax tile making technology which is a non-toxic, UV-stable, durable, soft and slip resistant flooring solution.
Life Floor with a Ripple surface texture features a 5 year warranty and is relatively easy to install for a long term permanent flooring solution in wet areas that is easy to keep clean. The foam tiles are anti-fungal and anti-bacterial which makes them perfect for commercial shared wet area environments such as swimming pools, locker rooms, shower or where a safer flooring solution is needed.
The Life Floor Ripple floor tiles are installed using commercial grade contact cement. Underwater instillation use synthetic rubber, waterproof contact cement that can withstand underwater environments. Install on prepared concrete or similar hard flat surface around swimming pool decking areas.
Life Floor Ripple Tiles feature a grip top surface texture and are an excellent durable swimming pool and outdoor flooring solution around pools and decks. Use Life Floor on patios and where water is present.
These tiles are crafted from PE/EVA foam and rubber materials which provides a soft outdoor flooring solution that is UV stable, slip resistant, durable, long lasting and comes in many designer color options.
This safer pool surround and wet area flooring solution is manufactured to be UV stable for many years. These 7/8

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.377841
Retrieved Text: Do you know that an employee receives about 25 unwanted emails every day? These unwanted spam emails take about 5 seconds to open & delete which means that 6.94 hours is completely wasted every year by opening these pointless unwanted emails.
However, by using an anti-spam solution, businesses can instantly block 98 percent spam and save time, money and protect their business. An effective anti-spam solution can help eliminate loss of productivity and improve business efficiency & security.
If you want to know more about our anti-spam solution, contact Us today.
The NoSpam is a Hosted Spam Firewall solution which includes comprehensive Spam, Trojan, Virus and Malware filtering. It also provides protection against Phishing type scam/ Spam emails which ensures that the email you are getting at your mail server is free of Spam as well as protected from potential Virus, Malware, Trojan and other threats.
A NoSpam can immediately start working to block & filter almost 98% of all Spam & Virus infected emails with the help of its default “out of the box” settings alone.
FLYONIT understands that email is a vital business communication tool and that it is also the carrier in the distribution of threats through spam. We therefore provide advanced solution for spam and virus attack with SpamWall that can instantly block 98% of spam before it reaches mail server and thus save time and money and can keep your business safe and secured.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.358864
Retrieved Text: Best Answer: If a reaction occurred, which one doesn't, it would be a double replacement reaction and the "products" would be Na2SO4 and CuCl2. Both of these are soluble in water, just as NaCl and CuSO4 are. Therefore, there is no insoluble product and therefore, no reaction.
However, by adding NaCl to a solution of CuSO4, you are forming a solution which is ionically equivalent to CuCl2. A Copper (II) Chloride solution acts as an acid and will react with Aluminum metal quite readily.
No reaction occurs here. Aqueous sodium chloride, "NaCl", will not react with aqueous copper(II) sulfate, "CuSO"_4, because the two potential products are soluble in aqueous solution. The chemical equation given to you is actually incorrect because copper(II) chloride, "CuCl"_2, is not insoluble in aqueous solution. In fact, it is quite soluble.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.333713
Retrieved Text: This deliverable reviews CIPSEC architecture (general solution) and compares the tailor-made CIPSEC solution (particular solution) against security solutions which are based on individual products. This deliverable is part of WP3, which concerns with integration of the CIPSEC solution to the pilot CIs.
The document begins with a high level description of the general solution (the reference architecture), which consists of the all the framework components. Subsequently, we review the tailor-made CIPSEC solution (particular solution). The particular tailor-made solution varies between different deployments and critical infrastructures sectors, and contains several customizations compared to the generic CIPSEC framework architecture. The document describes these adjustments, which can be roughly divided into two categories: customization or removal of CIPSEC components, and plugging additional security solutions.
When comparing the customized CIPSEC solution against installation of individual products, several major advantages are shown: seamless integration, lower overall complexity, CI focus, relevant services and preferable technical support.
The next section defines a methodology for determining the appropriate customization to the CIPSEC based solution. In a nutshell, the implementer should analyze the specific security requirements of the CI, and decide which adjustments should be made according to the requirements and a specific complexity assessment. Performing significant adaptation to the generic solution may provide better security coverage, that is tailored to the specific CI’s security needs, but it may require a trade-off in the complexity perspective. Afterwards, we present examples of particular customizations, and to which organizations they are expected to suit. Lastly, we describe the adjustments that were actually chosen for the pilot case studies.
The document concludes

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.312381
Retrieved Text: [142 Pages Report] The global Infrastructure Solution market and Integration Services is expected to grow from $615.30 billion in 2014 to $1196.93 billion in 2019 at the CAGR of 14.23% from 2014 to 2019.
The Infrastructure Solution market and Integration Services is setting apositive market trend. These solution and services provide various benefits such asincreased customer satisfaction, less time to market for launch of new services, better manageability, and economies of scale.The infrastructure solution and integration services offer increased ability to handle more number of customer transactions.
One if the major force that is driving the Infrastructure Solution market and Integration Services is the increasing adoption trend of solution like mobility, big data and cloud. These solutions are becoming an integrated component in most business organizations. These are currently essential features for customer experience management and also change the way in which enterprises deals with partners and suppliers as well as empower their workforce with access to information and services.
The major restraints in this market are insecure application programming interfaces, share technology vulnerabilities and account, services and traffic hijacking. These are the major factors which are restricting the growth of infrastructure solution market and integration services. Besides, there are a few challenges that are safeguarding the data security and privacy, defining the contractual relationship with providers, dealing with look-in and exit strategy and managing the cloud services.
This report segments the market into solution types, services types, deployment modes and end users comprehensively. The report provides the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall market and the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.311684
Retrieved Text: Capitalism is poorly understood. This is a problem.
We have the twin problems of under-employment and excessive national debt and we can not reach consensus on what actions to take to solve these problems. I submit that this is a problem of the first magnitude.
That which we do not understand, we must study.
In a republic, we elect people to make decisions for the people. Our representatives have not reached consensus on a solution to these problems.
They can bring together recognized experts on the economy to aid them in forming a solution to these problems. This has not happened.
It is not clear that the experts have reached a consensus on a solution to these problems.
Then, this is a problem worthy of a national effort to research, debate and bring to resolution with all deliberate speed.
I call upon Congress to begin this effort.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.302213
Retrieved Text: Why HYBRID Cloud is often the best solution - Global Edge Systems & Wireless Inc. Why HYBRID Cloud is often the best solution - Global Edge Systems & Wireless Inc.
Why Hybrid Cloud is often the best solution….
Cloud technologies are not an all-or-nothing decision nor a one size fits all. We can assist you in formulated the best plan for your business.
On-premise data storage enables full customization and more control, which is ideal for mission critical applications. This will provide the self-service, automation, agility and efficiency for your business.
A private cloud, managed by a third-party provider offers dedicated infrastructure for individual clients. This can provide the scalability, customization and control required for your workloads. This can also provide the needed agility and security your business requires.
A public cloud, like Microsoft Azure, can offer global reach, on-demand scalability at a fairly low cost. Customization if limited which may be of concern to certain businesses.
Latency – speed at which you are able to send and receive data from an application will dictate where your application should reside. This is extremely important when an application requires low latency, and faster data transfer. On-premise would be recommended in these scenarios.
Customization – consider the nature of an application, its hardware requirements and the need for customization in meeting business goals. If high levels of customization are required, the public cloud will not be an option. A private cloud would be a better solution to achieve all your business requirements.
Data Security and Compliance – Government compliance and internal regulations may control where data

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.291761
Retrieved Text: I was speaking with a student the other day, discussing how to use consulting and coaching skills combined to significantly assist a client towards a solution to problems that arise. This clarifying process leads to many insights and ah-ha moments.
In this blog post, I outline my problem-solving process which I’ve honed over many years as a consultant, coach, and mastermind group facilitator. Try this technique with your own clients or mastermind group members, and let me know how it works for you!
To arrive at solutions, consulting skills and brainstorming are used in combination, uncovering possibilities which can be analyzed for effectiveness.
At the bottom of the process is implementation and prevention, where you’ll use your coaching skills. Sometimes a client can’t know what truly caused a problem until they go through the whole solution-generation phase. There are many ah-ha moments of clarity which arise, as the true core of the problem becomes apparent. The solution will ask them to make changes, and the prevention will ask them to make further changes – including to their inner selves.
Is it consistently a problem, or does it only occur occasionally?
What will happen if you don’t solve this problem?
What have you already done to fix this problem?
Why didn’t that solution work?
Ask: what does your world look like when this problem is solved? How will you know the solution has been effective?
Brainstorm possible solutions, simply creating a list without editing. Your client or member may want to jump into a discussion at this point about why a solution will/won’t work. Don’t let

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.280239
Retrieved Text: Antiseptic:- The term septic is derived from the Greek word septikos which means putrify or rot. In medicine, it indicates the state of being infected with pus forming or gainisms. Anti infective agents which are applied locally, i.e., applied directly to the skin wound, etc., are known as antiseptics.
An antiseptic is a substance which prevents the growth of micro organisms as long as it remains in contact with them. Antiseptics do not harm the living tissue and can be applied on cuts and wounds. Some common examples of antiseptics are: Dettol, savlon, acriflavin, gentian violet, mercurochrome, boric acid, chloramineT, tincture of iodine, iodoform, potassium permanganate, etc.
Disinfectants:- These substances kill the bacteria immediately. These are used for sterlisation of inanimate objects like instruments, utensils, clothes, floor, sanitary fittings, sputum and excreta. These are harmful to living tissues and cannot be used on the skin. The example are: phenol, methyl phenols, hydrogen peroxide, chlorine, bleaching powder, sulphure dioxide, etc.
The same substance can act as antiseptic or disinfectant depending upon the concentration of the substance in solution. In smaller consent rations, it is an antiseptic while is higher concentrations it becomes disinfectant. 0.2% solution of phenol acts as an antiseptic and its 1% solution is a disinfectant.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.276037
Retrieved Text: Description A detailed study of the physical and chemical characteristics of kimberlite fines provided the basis for this study which was to determine the factors that govern the flocculation processes. These studies showed that there are many physical and chemical characteristics which are similar and many which differ between the kimberlite samples. The mineralogical study showed that the type of minerals present were the same for each pipe, however their modal distribution varied. This difference is related to the type and intensity of alteration and the subsequent formation of clay-type minerals. The presence or absence of these alteration minerals also accounts for the differences found in the particle size distributions, in the surface areas, in the cation exchange capacities and densities. The zeta potential was found to be similar, with ranges between -15 to -35 mV, between the samples. Tests also showed the zeta potential could be further reduced by the addition of a Mg2 + ion. This reduction in zeta potential did cause some of the pipes to coagulate and settle. Although no one variable could be found, flocculant preference of the individual kimberhte samples appears to be related to the interaction of particle and polymer as a function of solution chemistry. It is postulated that the dissolution of magnesium bearing minerals (olivine) play a significant role. The dissolution of olivine increases the concentration of Mg2 + in solution thus promoting the attraction between particles and between the particle and polymer. In fact, chemical leach tests showed that Mg2 + and Ca 2 + were

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.274467
Retrieved Text: Otosol Ear Cleansing Solution is an effective aural hygiene product for dogs and cats. The gentle solution protects cats and dogs from ear infections and inflammation. This solution possesses anti-inflammatory properties, which swipes out the wax, debris and dirt from pet’s ear. The active ingredients of this ear cleansing solution are Propylene Glycol, Glycerine, Salicylic acid, Benzyle alcohol and wax solvents .All these possess antiseptic property which prevents any pain and irritation in the ear canal.
After applying this solution the wound in my cat's ears repaired rapidly. She is now much better thanks this magical solution.
The gentle solution has proved to be very effective in protecting my dog Robin and cat Tanya from ear infections. Thank You!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.269429
Retrieved Text: There may be many modern security challenges enterprises face, but there is a clear solution that addresses all these challenges. One of these challenges is insecure collaboration. It is estimated that 58% of senior managers have sent sensitive data to the wrong person, which could cause serious issues. Another security challenge is content proliferation. It is estimated that 57 file sharing services are used on average in a single company. This is way too many services, especially when all the benefits of these services could be combined into one, easy to use solution.
Other security challenges enterprises face includes insecure devices and even human nature. With an estimated 44% of organizations suffering from laptop theft and 62% of security breaches the result of human error, it can be difficult for enterprises to know the best way to solve these security issues.
Luckily, though, BOX has a solution that can address these issue, plus so many more. Can you guarantee that your company is well equipped with the proper tool to defend against all security challenges? Learn how your company can overcome their security issues with just one solution. Download this informative whitepaper and see how BOX can solve all your security challenges..

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.257397
Retrieved Text: How to take Donnan volumes into account in clay systems.
The adsorption models for clay and organic matter surfaces contain a so called “Donnan layer”. The volumes of these Donnan layers are calculated and used for bookkeeping of the amount chemical substances they contain. However, these Donnan volumes are not taken into account int (subtracted from) the total volume of the (pore) solution.
Taking volumes explicitly into account is not straightforward in most chemical speciation models as Donnan volumes depend on chemical composition of the pore solution, and vice versa.
Model calculations from which available sorption parameters were derived generally did not treat these Donnan layers explicitly.
The “error” made by this simplification is usually small, as Donnan layers usually only take up a small percentage of total solution volume, especially in batch sorption experiments.
the volumes of Donnan layers can take up a significant fraction of the pore space.
In ORCHESTRA it is relatively straightforward to take these volumes correctly into account.
1) Make sure that the chemical system contains a “liter” phase to which all solution, colloidal, solid phases e.a. are linked as daughter phases.
This ensures that the “liter” phase contains the accumulated sum of chemical components in all these daughter phases, including all Donnan layers.
For each primary entity name, the variable <name>.liter thus contains the total concentration in mol/l per liter summed over of all solution, donnan and sorption phases.
3) Use this variable in the link that connects the solution with the liter phase instead of the default number 1.
we can now vary the amount of freevolume per liter pore

================



======= Instance Index 130 =========
Input Text: Sunlight

Which is the correct answer?
- makes car steering wheels hard to handle in the summer
- means your pets need sweaters when outdoors
- causes ice to refreeze
- cools down the water in local ponds

Target Text: makes car steering wheels hard to handle in the summer

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.908786
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 11:51:03 am at 04/25/2019 11:51:03 am in Artificial Sunlight Lamp.
artificial sunlight lamp sun lamps for plants sun lamps vintage general electric sun lamp industrial floor lamp sun lamps sun lamps sun light lamp for depression sun light bulbs our well being and sun light lamp for depression will a sad sun lamp actually make you happy artificial sunlight sun light lamp.
sunlight bulbs for plants greyside sunlight lamp for plants artificial bulbs daylight indoor, exotic sunlight lamp lamp sunlight vitamin d sun lamp areasaludmerida fascinating sunlight lamp lamp artificial sunlight lamp for plants , lights of america replacement bulbs suarafloresco lights of america replacement bulbs lights of sunlight desk lamp labels artificial sunlight lamps for of, sunlight lamp for plants sotavinfo sunlight lamp for plants sun lamps for plants sunlight lamp for plants sunlight lamp for plants, artificial sun lamp for plants the effect of light on plant growth artificial sun lamp for plants sun light lamp amazing artificial sunlight lamp with additional small home artificial sun lamp , artificial sunlight lamp for plants o artificial t difference artificial sunlight lamp for plants o artificial t difference between sunlight and artificial light plants, sun light lamp for depression sun light bulbs our well being and sun light lamp for depression will a sad sun lamp actually make you happy artificial sunlight sun light lamp , artificial sunlight lamp vitamin d beacon satellite set to light up artificial sunlight lamp vitamin d beacon satellite set to light up the night sky daily , depression lamp depression

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.78313
Retrieved Text: Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom on the Elevation Map. Topographic Map of Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom.
This tool can be used to get Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom elevation, Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom altitude, Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom latitude and Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom longitude.
You can also find the Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom Elevation Map and the exact Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom elevation in the most used measurement units used: meters, kilometers and miles.
Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom interactive elevation with tools that provide altitudes of many locations like Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom, Topographic Map of Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom, along with detailed location for Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom and places around the globe.
See the Topographic Map of Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom.
Altitude tool provides exact height for Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom.
You can also get the Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom elevation above the sea level (Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom altitude).
Get the altitude of Port Sunlight, Wirral, Merseyside, North West England, United Kingdom above sea level by searching with our elevation tool.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.661233
Retrieved Text: python-sunlight: No summary available for python-sunlight in ubuntu raring.
python3-sunlight: No summary available for python3-sunlight in ubuntu raring.
Other versions of 'python-sunlight' in untrusted archives.
You can also search for other untrusted versions of 'python-sunlight'.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.575964
Retrieved Text: Blurry trees and pond. Green plants in the sunlight.
Blurry park and sunlight. Trees and alley.
Blurry people and dog, park. Sunlight and tree shadows. Summer leisure tips for families.
Pond with fountains, daytime. Green tree leaves and sunlight.
Blurred pond and fountains. Blurry tree leaves.
Blurry summer park alley. Trees and sunlight.
Leaves and sunlight. Lush green plant. What is photosythesis.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.569271
Retrieved Text: There does not appear to be an exact word for sunlight filtered specifically . The trees with treelight made him think of the need for magic. 12 Oct - 2 min - Uploaded by Hanfbluetenemo anime: 07 ghost song Trees filtered sunlight - ost disc2 mikagex teito. 78, Sunlight Through Trees stock photos, vectors, and illustrations are available royalty-free. Find the perfect sunlight stock images for your projects, or go.
Find "sunlight filtering through trees" Stock Images in HD and millions of other royalty-free stock photos, illustrations, and vectors in the Shutterstock collection. 16 Feb Komorebi (木漏れ日): Sunshine filtering through the trees. Komorebi: A golden wash of Komorebi: Soothing sunlight through trees. There is a. Most plants grow best in full sunlight and all plants need some light to survive. filtered sun such as that found under open canopied trees (e.g., honey locust.
13 Feb The image of sunlight filtering through green leaves figures in a number of The white trunk of a birch tree sparkled in the sun, its leaves like a. This "sunlight through trees" effect can be a great way to enhance an outdoor Then, we'll use the Radial Blur filter to turn our selection into rays of sunlight. This version of our Adding Sunlight Through Trees tutorial was originally . With " Layer 2" selected in the Layers palette, go up to the Filter menu at the top of the. If you spy sunlight trails during spring, bare-branched trees often give the illusion of sunny . Filtered sunlight or light shade is necessary for

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.521177
Retrieved Text: Sign-Up Used 69,130 times buybuy baby coupons Up to 90 off retail prices 25 off your first order on sign. Skip to main content skip to footer, presidents Day..
Linda, seidel, discount Code Deals Shop on lindaseidel.com. All 16, linda, seidel coupons including coupon codes and sales for February 2019 are waiting for you at Discountscat now. Linda..
above once again and it will take you right to the coupon. Sunlight Coupon, earlier this morning I posted this deal on Sunlight Dish Detergent next week at ShopRite. Be sure to check out the rest of the. Click here for a list of more. Enjoy the convenience and grease-fighting power of NEW Sunlight dish liquid Pumps! They have the Sunlight Dish Detergent 10 oz bottle on sale for.69 making it completely free after the 1/1 coupon! Thanks for the Catalina info, Regina! Save 3 on Sunlight PowerCore laundry pacs. Dont have Publix in your area? The 25 oz bottle of Sunlight Dish Detergent will be on sale for.49 (regularly.49). .
Overwaitea Food Group Buy 1 Sunbutter Sunf. This coupon paired with the Catalina Deal and sale makes for a sweet Money Maker next week! . Publix Coupon Match Ups to get all the best Deals! Save.00 with purchase of both Sunlight Dishwasher Pacs AND Sunlight Dish Liquid. Get Free Sunlight Dish Liquid when you purchase Sunlight Laundry Pacs 24-68 count. Limit 2 prints per computer. Limit two prints per computer. Here are the details: Sunlight Dish Products through 4/20, buy 2, Get.50 Catalina, print: body shop malaysia discount code Sunlight

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.46686
Retrieved Text: Need to know the opening times for Natwest in Port Sunlight? This is the bankopeningtimes.co.uk page for the Natwest in Port Sunlight branch. Here you'll find address details, telephone number and map location.
Find the exact location of Natwest in Port Sunlight with Google Maps - click the map to zoom in and out and find out where the Natwest in Port Sunlight branch is located.
Whether you're at work and need to find your nearest branch, or need to know if Natwest in Port Sunlight is open on Saturdays, Bankopeningtimes.co.uk is a UK bank directory with details for local branches across the UK.
The bank details listed here for the Natwest in Port Sunlight branch are for guidance purposes. We recommend you ring the Natwest, Port Sunlight branch before visiting to confirm any enquiries.
There are likely to be a number of Natwest branches in your surrounding area - use bankopeningtimes.co.uk to find out if Natwest in Port Sunlight is your nearest branch.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.461948
Retrieved Text: As we all known a fact that, there are quite a lot skin disease which can largely be improved by sunbathing, because during the sunbathing, patients can get enough sunlight , when it comes ti the sunlight , it can kills many pathogenic bacteria which absorbed in our body. Meanwhile, if a patients gets more sunbathing, his body will definitely absorb the organic principle which is from the sunlight , it will largely improve their current skin conditions, but don’t take over sunbathing , it can harm the skin and cause skin lesions.
However, generally speaking, People with psoriasis often have a good respond to exposure to natural sunlight or medical artificial ultraviolet light. However people are different. If psoriasis patients has responded well during the past sunlight or phototherapy treatment, it mean they have a positive response to the sunlight. If patients have responded to sunlight or phototherapy negatively, then sunbathing is obviously not suit for them.
To sum up, Overexposure to ultraviolet light or sunlight and sunbathing can trigger a flare-up of psoriasis problems. So psoriasis experts suggests that It is best to start with very low exposure times and gradually build-up over several weeks.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.458775
Retrieved Text: Garden Sunlight Co is part of great design ideas. Garden Sunlight Co was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
Garden Sunlight Co was posted in August 11, 2018 at 12:01 pm. Garden Sunlight Co has viewed by 72 users. Click it and download the Garden Sunlight Co.
Garden, Garden Sunlight was posted August 18, 2016 at 3:50 pm by 7fashion.info . More over Garden Sunlight has viewed by 1366 visitor.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.411532
Retrieved Text: The SRMH-15B-AR Series Sunlight Readable LCD monitors are designed to operate in direct bright sunlight, or in other high ambient-light conditions.
The SRMH-15S-AR Series Sunlight Readable LCD monitors are designed to operate in direct bright sunlight, or in other high ambient-light conditions. They utilize state-of-the-art LED backlights to produce over 1,700 nits of brightness (vs. 250-300 nits for standard monitors). This results in amazingly bright, crystal-clear images, even with direct, bright sunlight on the face of the screen. The SRMHS-15S-AR Series Sunlight Readable monitors are ideal for use in a wide range of industrial, law enforcement, aviation, marine, military, inspection, advertising, material handling (cranes) and transportation applications where viewability in direct bright sunlight is crucial.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.383736
Retrieved Text: , we choices the best selections together with best quality simply for you all, and this photos is actually among photographs choices inside our very best graphics gallery concerning Picture Of Garage Door Sensor Sunlight. I really hope you can enjoy it.
published by simply Donna Bennett at 2018-11-08 19:39:43. To determine just about all images in Picture Of Garage Door Sensor Sunlight pictures gallery you need to follow this hyperlink.
So, if you want to get this new image about Garage Door Sensor Sunlight Best Of Liftmaster Garage Door Remote Not Working Inspirational Garage 35, just right click and choose 'save image as' to save this image to your hardisk. To search for similar image you can go to Garage page. In addition, we also have a similar image titled Garage Door Sensor Sunlight Unique 21 Best Images On Pinterest, Garage Door Sensor Sunlight Photo Of Liftmaster Garage Door Remote Not Working Inspirational Garage 35, Garage Door Sensor Sunlight Inspirational Sun Shield For Safety Sensors Garage Door Opener Sensor Bypass, Garage Door Sensor Sunlight Inspirational Garage Door Opener Safety Sensor Openinnovationsummit, Garage Door Sensor Sunlight Inspirational Adjusting Genie Garage Door Opener Marcamfo.
That's all of my posts about Garage Door Sensor Sunlight Best Of Liftmaster Garage Door Remote Not Working Inspirational Garage 35, hopefully useful, see you later!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.379921
Retrieved Text: Desolate Land (Japanese: おわりのだいち Land of the End) is an Ability introduced in Generation VI. It is the signature Ability of Primal Groudon.
When a Pokémon with Desolate Land enters the battle or a Pokémon gains the Ability Desolate Land, the Ability creates extremely harsh sunlight, a unique variation of harsh sunlight. In a Rotation Battle, Desolate Land will not activate if the Pokémon is sent out in a rotated-out position, nor will it activate if the Pokémon is rotated in. In addition, Desolate Land will not activate if extremely harsh sunlight is already present on the battlefield.
Along with the usual effects of harsh sunlight, extremely harsh sunlight causes damage-dealing Water-type moves to fail (unless a Pokémon on the field has the Air Lock or Cloud Nine Ability). Additionally, extremely harsh sunlight causes the weather-modifying moves Sunny Day, Rain Dance, Sandstorm, and Hail to fail if used; and causes the Abilities Drought, Drizzle, Sand Stream, and Snow Warning to fail to activate.
Once in effect, as long as there is a Pokémon on the field with the Ability Desolate Land active (even if it is not the Pokémon who created it), the harsh sunlight will remain in effect unless it is replaced. (If the only Pokémon on the field with Desolate Land is rotated out or switched out, or has its Ability suppressed or replaced, the harsh sunlight will dissipate.) The harsh sunlight can be replaced by Primordial Sea or Delta Stream.
Desolate Land has no effect outside of battle.
SMD The floor will get harsh sunlight!
When the Pokémon comes

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.379831
Retrieved Text: Please remember to read the notes in the end of the document.
make the SUNLIGHT glue for smart glass film not solidify too fast.
Hang the smart glass film onto window.
dust on the window surface.
Double check there is no dust on the window surface.
Lift the smart film carefully to clean dust.
of the smart glass film to make a “bag”.
Drop Sunlight glue at the top into the “bag”.
Sunlight glue will go down by itself.
Roll softly and slowly to avoid the bubbles.
please roll the smart glass film from center to edges.
Use ethanol to clean the smart glass film.
The Sunlight glue will solidify by itself.
The installation of smart glass film in self-adhesive way is done.
The special SUNLIGHT Glue only require sunlight to solidify.
paper to cover the other side of the window to avoid the sunlight.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.3793125
Retrieved Text: If you’re searching for cheap Sunlight Spire 4 Drawer Standard Chest by Loon Peak , read many more reviews, it is a suggestion that you should pay enough attention to your daily looking and make a good impressions on people around you. There are so many ways to buy Sunlight Spire 4 Drawer Standard Chest by Loon Peak that looks great but doesn’t break your budget. We've reviewed the best places to buy Sunlight Spire 4 Drawer Standard Chest by Loon Peak . Lowest Price Guarantee and FREE with Super Saver Shipping.
Only for you! don't miss this chance to avail Sunlight Spire 4 Drawer Standard Chest by Loon Peak deal. Now you can get best deal Sunlight Spire 4 Drawer Standard Chest by Loon Peak at lowest price and save more than 39% off. The Sunlight Spire 4 Drawer Standard Chest by Loon Peak offer will not only help you save more The brand has been regularly coming up with lucrative offers at my website after their launch in US, CA. The market research also suggests that today’s price for Sunlight Spire 4 Drawer Standard Chest by Loon Peak is the best buy price for the month of March 2018. The multiple payment options for Sunlight Spire 4 Drawer Standard Chest by Loon Peak offer are Cash on Delivery (COD), Netbanking, Credit Card, Debit Card etc. Don’t miss out on your chance to grab the all new deal featuring Sunlight Spire 4 Drawer Standard Chest by Loon Peak at the cheapest price, the perfect gift for

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.376219
Retrieved Text: Watching the morning sunlight is one of the most relaxing moments that a person can do every day. It is one of the simplest things that you would certainly love watching while being alive.
Most often than not, sunlight signifies a new beginning, a new life, a new romance. Given the beauty that a sunrise can give, it is also good to know that watching the sunrise time gives significantly great benefits to a person’s health.
Sitting under the tree, sipping your morning coffee, and holding your loved one’s hand together while watching the sun, is one of the things you can simply do. While it is believed that sun-gazing is an old means of healing, it is still surprising how a simple morning sunlight can create wonders to a person’s well-being.
Check out these awesome health benefits that you would certainly enjoy from the morning sun!
Apart from an awesome morning view, watching the morning sunlight is believed to be a great source of vitamin D. When you exposed yourself to the sunlight early in the morning, you are allowing a good source of vitamin D to penetrate to your skin. Hence, if you wish to attain a good-looking skin, soaking it under the morning sunlight would be a great idea.
Being under the morning sunlight is also known to improve a person’s bone health. When you feel the need of more calcium for your bone health, exposing yourself under the morning sun is a healthy alternative to calcium. Over the years, health experts have been advising their patients to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.367057
Retrieved Text: Solar Panel Education > Solar News > How To > How Much Energy Do Solar Panels Produce?
Solar panels have a rating based on how much DC power it produces under standard test conditions, which just happens to be 1000 watts of sunlight per square meter of surface. But if you’re not at the equator at noon on a sunny day without cloud cover, your solar panels will never function ideally. The average solar panel produces about 200 watts of electricity. This varies from solar panel to solar panel based on the size and efficiency of the panel. What will actually determine the amount of energy a solar panel produces is the solar panel efficiency, solar panel size, and the amount of sunlight hitting the panel.
Shade, the direction and angle your solar panels are facing, and the surrounding temperature will affect how efficient solar panels will be. Panels placed in shaded areas will receive less sunlight and thus produce less energy. Temperatures above 77o F decrease the efficiency of a solar panel. And if you want your solar panels to absorb the most amount of sunlight, they must be placed at an angle of 10-60 degrees facing south, west, or east.
The average size of an installed solar panel system is 5kW. On a sunny day, it should produce 5000 watts of power per hour. Larger solar panel systems will absorb more sunlight and produce more power and the opposite is true for smaller solar panel systems.
The hours of sunlight an area receives varies across the U.S. with

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.350564
Retrieved Text: FreeBookNotes found 10 sites with book summaries or analysis of In Sunlight and In Shadow. If there is a In Sunlight and In Shadow SparkNotes, Shmoop guide, or Cliff Notes, you can find a link to each study guide below.
Among the summaries and analysis available for In Sunlight and In Shadow, there is 10 Book Reviews.
Depending on the study guide provider (SparkNotes, Shmoop, etc.), the resources below will generally offer In Sunlight and In Shadow chapter summaries, quotes, and analysis of themes, characters, and symbols.
Sites like SparkNotes with a In Sunlight and In Shadow study guide or cliff notes. Also includes sites with a short overview, synopsis, book report, or summary of Mark Helprin’s In Sunlight and In Shadow.
Sites with a book review or quick commentary on In Sunlight and In Shadow by Mark Helprin.
FreeBookNotes has 6 more books by Mark Helprin, with a total of 27 study guides.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.3315115
Retrieved Text: - (5) rule-making per the State Administrative Procedures Act.
Project Sunlight background, requirements, and other information, including FAQs, are available at the links below.
- Memorandum from SUNY dated December 21, 2012 explains the legislation.
- Project Sunlight webpage, managed by SUNY System Administration, provides comprehensive information about Project Sunlight requirements.
Based on job titles and responsibilities, certain individuals are designated as potential Decision Makers and Advisors with influence in procurements of $25,000 or more. These individuals are notified of Project Sunlight requirements by the Finance and Administration Office via email.
Individuals who are identified as potential campus Decision Makers or Advisors are required to view the following training tool: SUNY Project Sunlight PowerPoint Presentation.
All Decision Makers must certify that they have reviewed training materials by submitting the Project Sunlight Training Certification Form to the Purchasing Department.
For questions on how Project Sunlight might apply to you or your staff contact the Purchasing Department at 673-3438 or by email at purchasing.office@fredonia.edu .
Campus Decision Makers, Advisors, or others in an influential role are required to report qualified “appearances” with vendors or their representatives that could result in the purchase of $25,000 or more in goods or services (this applies to a single procurement or a multi-year contract). If several campus employees participate jointly in an appearance, all participants can be reported on one form. Multiple appearances involving a single procurement must be reported separately.
Appearances are to be reported to the Finance and Administration Office, using the, Project Sunlight Reporting Form within three (3) days of the appearance.
The Finance and Administration Office, using data

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.3179245
Retrieved Text: Soccer players in dynamic action funny play on the sand in beach football in summer sunny day under sunlight.
4k00:06Soccer players in dynamic action funny play on the sand in beach football in summer sunny day under sunlight.
4k00:14Soccer players in dynamic action funny play on the sand in beach football in summer sunny day under sunlight.
hd00:08Girl does exercises on a pylon. She is dancing.
hd00:09Young beautiful girl doing sports in the park. A woman jumps on special shoes for fitness.
4k00:13Sport Soccer players in dynamic action funny play on the sand in beach football in summer sunny day under sunlight.
4k00:11Soccer players in dynamic action funny play on the sand in beach football in summer sunny day under sunlight.
4k00:13Soccer players in dynamic action funny play on the sand in beach football in summer sunny day under sunlight.
4k00:10Soccer players in dynamic action funny play on the sand in beach football in summer sunny day under sunlight.
4k00:15Soccer players in dynamic action funny play on the sand in beach football in summer sunny day under sunlight.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.30719
Retrieved Text: Sunlight's intimate, unpretentious atmosphere can be attributed to its small-town roots - named after a once-thriving coal mining town in the area that disappeared in the early 1900s. With its summit situated on Compass Mountain, Sunlight offers skiers beautiful vistas of majestic Mount Sopris and the surrounding Elk Mountain Range, as well as hundreds of acres of mild greens, intermediate slopes and black diamond extremes to satisfy all levels of abilities.
The Sunlight Ranch Company opened for business on December 16, 1966 on 420 acres of private land and 2081 acres of U.S. Forest Service (U.S.F.S.) land, under a 30-year U.S.F.S. special use permit. In 1966, with a handful of trails and one chairlift, Sunlight opened with 15,000 skier days. During the first years of operation Sunlight operated on a shoestring budget. Part-timers and volunteers managed the lift; all other services were operated by local contractors, including ski rental equipment, restaurant facilities and the ski school.
A second chair was installed in 1973 to provide service to newly cut trails and skier days climbed to 38,000. The decision in 1977 to develop a long-range master plan with the Forest Service was instrumental in altering the course of Sunlight and initiating growth. Sunlight also assumed responsibility for all services.
The Sunlight Master Plan was approved by the U.S.F.S. in 1981 and the name was changed from Sunlight Ranch Company to Ski Sunlight Inc. In 1982 skier days at Sunlight reached 73,000.
In 1987 improvements were made to the Primo chairlift and the Tercero lift was installed. These improvements doubled the uphill

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.299331
Retrieved Text: Discover releases credits, reviews, songs more about Elefant - Sunlight Makes Me Paranoid at Discogs. UU en su adolescencia. About “ Sunlight Makes Me Paranoid” Title track # 7 from Elefant ’ s debut full- length album released April 8th by Kemado Records. Features Song Lyrics for Elefant' s Sunlight Makes Me Paranoid album.
Modern Classics: Elefant’ s Sunlight Makes Me Paranoid. Elefant - Sunlight Makes Me Paranoid Elefant es una banda de rock indie originaria de la ciudad de Nueva York, en Estados Unidos. Su cantante Diego Garcia nació en Córdoba, de padres argentinos, Argentina y emigró a EE.
View credits reviews, tracks shop for the Digipak CD release of Sunlight Makes Me Paranoid on Discogs. The album was re- released in October of by. Elefant sunlight makes me paranoid download. Unofficial video fron Sunlight makes me paranoid.
Someone other than me surely remembers Elefant. Complete your Elefant collection. Includes Album Cover Release Year User Reviews. Popular Song Lyrics.
Sunlight Makes Me Paranoid is the debut full- length album by American rock band Elefant. Elefant sunlight makes me paranoid download.
Tyler Deepwood plays keyboards on Tonight Let' s Dance who despite being born in Detroit , Another of the new new wave of New York bands, Sunlight Makes Me Paranoid by Elefant, Elefant is fronted by Diego Garcia, Sunlight Makes Me Paranoid Exterior Photography by Mike Vorrasi Interior Artwork by Guy Hindley courtesy of tacritic Music Reviews, raised in Argentina, Static On Channel 4 sound. Originally released on April 8 by Kemado Records it was re- released in October on

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.248801
Retrieved Text: Edwin Pipers, left, and Emily Pipers, far right, help their sons Clark, 6, and Charlie 3, gear up for the first run of the season Friday at Sunlight Mountain Resort. Sunlight celebrated their 52nd season with one of the resort's earliest openings on record.
“It was fun! It was powder!” exclaimed the Rev. Wendy Huber, priest at St. Barnabas’, St. John’s and All Saints Episcopal Churches in Glenwood Springs, New Castle and Battlement Mesa, respectively.
According to the National Weather Service, a weekend winter storm was expected to bring as much as another 9 inches of snow to the Sunlight area Friday night and into Saturday, with an additional 6 inches to a foot of snow by Sunday morning.
Huber, a season-pass holder at Sunlight, spread the fragrance of incense down Midway run for her inaugural turns on the hill.
Christian Hiller certainly hopes that will be the case, as not only a regular snowboarder but a Sunlight employee, too.
But, with the Thanksgiving holiday falling extra early on the calendar this year, Sunlight General Manager Tom Hays said it’s the earliest opening since at least 2000, when the area had a pre-Thanksgiving opening Nov. 18.
Hawks said a Thanksgiving weekend opening for Sunlight, at least on the lower part of the mounting, could become the norm as a result of the new snowmaking equipment the resort has invested in.
A recent survey of Sunlight visitors found that the biggest cohorts of people are those who have been skiing Sunlight for four year or more, and even more so those who’ve been skiing

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.237839
Retrieved Text: The SRMT-21.5R Series Sunlight Readable Touch Screen monitors are designed to operate in direct bright sunlight, or in other high ambient-light conditions.
The SRMTS-21.5R state-of-the-art monitors produce over 1,000 nits of brightness (vs. 250-300 nits for standard monitors). This results in amazingly bright, crystal-clear HD images, even with direct, bright sunlight on the face of the screen. The SRMT-21.5R Series Sunlight Readable Touch Screens are ideal for use in a wide range of industrial, law enforcement, aviation, marine, military, inspection, advertising and transportation applications where viewability in direct bright sunlight is crucial.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.237619
Retrieved Text: Open Frame; Sunlight Readable; 1,000 nits Brightness; VGA & BNC Loop-Thru; 12 VDC.
Open Frame; Sunlight Readable; 1,000 nits Brightness; VGA & BNC Loop-Thru; 12 VDC. The SRM-8.4 Series Sunlight Readable LCD monitors are designed to operate in direct bright sunlight, or in other high ambient-light conditions. They utilize state-of-the-art LED backlights to produce over 1,000 nits of brightness (vs. 250-300 nits for standard monitors). This results in amazingly bright, crystal-clear images, even with direct, bright sunlight on the face of the screen. The SRM-8.4 Series Sunlight Readable monitors are ideal for use in a wide range of industrial, law enforcement, aviation, marine, military, inspection, advertising and transportation applications where viewability in direct, bright sunlight is crucial. All TRU-Vu industrial LCD monitors are specifically designed for use in demanding applications. Every TRU-Vu monitor utilizes industrial-grade components and high-end LCD panels not found in retail/consumer-grade monitors. This ensures superior image quality, improved performance and greater durability.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.228752
Retrieved Text: 2. The water pump is driven directly by the sunlight. So it will work continuously only when the sunlight is enough.As the power of the solar panel is depended on the sunlight, the pump is also affected by weather, seasons, places, etc.
7. Please confirm the diameter of your pool is over 25cm/9.84in for optimal use.
45 days money-back and 12-month, worry-free Guarantee.
Solar-PoweredDirectly: Energycomes from sunlight, no external batteries or electricity is needed. The water pumpwill start up automatically in 3 seconds when bright sunlight shines on thesolar panel directly.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.186313
Retrieved Text: Living, well-adapted to, or thriving in full sunlight.
A reference to any organism which is living, well-adapted to, or thriving in full sunlight.
1. In biology, thriving in sun-light or under conditions of high-light intensity.
2. A condition in which some desert organisms have adapted to both strong sunlight and to drought.
Living, adapted to, and thriving well in an environment of sunshine.
A reference to desert organisms that thrive best in both strong sunlight and dry conditions.
A reference to desert creatures and plants that thrive well in both strong sunlight and drought situations.
The preference of desert organisms that thrive best in both strong sunlight and dry conditions.
In biology, dwelling and thriving in swampy woodlands.
In biology, thriving in wet or swampy forests.
In biology, thriving in meadow-thicket habitats.
Showing page 31 out of 79 pages of 1185 main-word entries or main-word-entry groups.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.182968
Retrieved Text: Sunlight, cholesterol and coronary heart disease.
Grimes DS1, Hindle E, Dyer T.
Department of Medicine, Blackburn Royal Infirmary, UK.
We investigated the relationship between geography and incidence of coronary heart disease, looking at deficiency of sunlight and thus of vitamin D as a factor that might influence susceptibility and thus disease incidence. Sunlight deficiency could increase blood cholesterol by allowing squalene metabolism to progress to cholesterol synthesis rather than to vitamin D synthesis as would occur with greater amounts of sunlight exposure, and the increased concentration of blood cholesterol during the winter months, confirmed in this study, may well be due to reduced sunlight exposure. We show evidence that outdoor activity (gardening) is associated with a lower concentration of blood cholesterol in the summer but not in the winter. We suggest that the geographical variation of coronary heart disease is not specific, but is seen in other diseases and sunlight influences susceptibility to a number of chronic diseases, of which coronary heart disease is one.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.177227
Retrieved Text: Use the power of the sun for unlimited light with the BioLite SunLight Portable Solar Light, which comes with an integrated solar panel.
Use the power of the sun for unlimited light with the BioLite SunLight Portable Solar Light. This travel-friendly device comes with an integrated solar panel that recharges independently. BioLite SunLight provides three lighting modes including full color, white or party mode, which auto-cycles all colors. In addition, SunLight uses an integrated sundial and kickstand to maximize efficiency. Through solar charging, the light reaches full charge in around seven hours. Likewise, you can even charge it for two hours via micro USB when there is no sun around. Thanks to the analog sundial, SunLight helps you get a maximum charge at any time of day. Incredibly effective, the personal light is easy to pack into your bag or backpack. Finally, SunLight is ideal for lighting up your adventures, campsites and more.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.1683445
Retrieved Text: HomeBlogsSunlight: A friend or foe?
Sunlight: A friend or foe?
The sun is that beautiful star we all love for brightening our days. Without sunlight, there could be no life on Earth. Plants need sunlight for the process of photosynthesis. During photosynthesis the plants use the energy of the sunlight, water, and carbon dioxide, to create glucose (sugar). The glucose can later be used by the plant for energy or animals eat the plant and the glucose in it.
Human beings use sunlight for making their own vitamin D. But too much of this sunlight can act as the foe for a human body. Too much sun exposure can put your skin at risk. The UV rays can damage your skin in two different ways. UVA rays deeply penetrate into the skin-damaging the fibers in your skin called elastin and collagen causing wrinkles, age spots, scaly patches and even possibility of cancer. While UVB rays mostly affect the outer layer of the skin causing sunburns and tanning. The harmful UV rays from the sun also generate damaging free radicals (oxidants) that leads to premature aging.
The famous saying “excess of everything is bad” remind us to don’t take excess of sunlight in sake of vitamin D , there are so many sources of vitamin D like Fatty fish, like tuna, mackerel, salmon, dairy products, orange juice, soy milk, cereals, Beef Liver, Egg yolks and Cheese. So left the sunlight for earth you should use it wisely.
a hat & sunglasses and cover up your skin with clothing.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.152116
Retrieved Text: Sunlight GmbH utilise cookies in order to best adapt our website to your individual needs. You express your consent through the use of this website.
Simply send your noted products with the wishlist function to yourself, friends or your Sunlight trading partner!
Sunlight original accessories are not available ex factory, they are only available directly from your Sunlight licensed dealer. Images shown may be subject to modifications.
You can both stay dry when on the move thanks to the light yet generous Sunlight golf umbrella. Thanks to the Teflon coating, the umbrella is completly dry after briefly shaking it and it can be comfortably stowed away in the vehicle once again.
- Complete with Sunlight logo on the canopy and refined embroidery on the cover and the closure strap.
- A dry feel is ensured thanks to the high-density EVA hard-foam handle that does not absorb any moisture.
- No trapping of fingers when opening and closing the umbrella thanks to integrated safety slide.
- Light fibre glass frame weighing less than 500 g.
- Umbrella diameter 1.35 m.
* The stated prices do not include potential assembly costs and are non-binding manufacturers’ recommended retail prices incl. 19% VAT. Your Sunlight contract partner will be able to inform you of the respective total prices.

================



======= Instance Index 288 =========
Input Text: The moon has

Which is the correct answer?
- water sources
- large diamonds
- rolling grassy hills
- raised portions

Target Text: raised portions

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.248305
Retrieved Text: Life with Dylan: What is a Blue Moon?
We've all heard the saying Once in a Blue Moon, but what is a Blue Moon?
Folklore has many explanations - the second full moon in a month, the third full moon in a season with four full moons, and some believe the Blue Moon has mystical powers.
Either way, a Blue Moon isn't actually blue in color - but when you add a night sky filled with moving clouds, it is definitely magical.
Last night was the first full moon of August and there will be another full moon on August 31, hence the Blue Moon. Since there is a full moon approximately every 29.5 days, seeing two full moons in one month is something quite special - something that doesn't happen but Once in a Blue Moon.
I did not crop this picture because I wanted to show just how bright the moon was. The sky was black with very few visible stars from where I was. As each cloud pattern passed by the moon, the full moon illuminated them, creating shadows and depth - at times giving each cloud a silvery-blue cast.
Mother Nature has a way of creating some pretty amazing things and the Blue Moon is one of them. Be sure to watch for the second full moon this month, the "real" Blue Moon, on the 31st.
Oh, and if you think a Blue Moon is rare, just wait for 2018 when this phenomenon will happen not once, but Twice in a Blue Moon. To learn more about the phases

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.238074
Retrieved Text: The moon's sometimes larger look when it is close to the horizon is an optical illusion.
Phases of the Moon are caused by a shadow from the Earth, clouds, or the Earth's or Moon's rotation.
Our perspective of the Moon's sunlit appearance changes as it orbits Earth.
Everyone sees the same phases of the Moon, but people south of the equator who face North to see the Moon when it is high in the sky will see the Moon upside down so that the reverse side is lit.
It takes about a month for the Moon to orbit Earth (27.3 days to complete a revolution, but 29.5 days to change from New Moon to New Moon).
The Moon makes its own light (the same way the Sun does).
The Moon reflects the light of the Sun, just as the planets do. In fact, the bright part of the Moon is experiencing daytime.
The Moon does spin on its axis, completing a rotation once every 27.3 days; the confusion is caused because it also takes the same period to orbit the Earth, so that it keeps the same side facing us.
The same half of the Moon is in darkness all the time-i.e. that there is a dark side of the Moon.
The Moon has no side that is constantly dark; the front and back are alternately lit as the Moon rotates. Far side is a more accurate term.
Misconception: The Moon has no gravity; things float "up" when dropped on the Moon.
Reality: The Moon does have gravity, but because it has less mass than the Earth,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.236956
Retrieved Text: OG Moon Rock is the original Moon Rock, said to be the strongest Moon rock! Consisting of an OG bud, rolled in honey oil, and powdered with kief.
Moon Rock Canada’s second best seller, Blueberry Moon Rock consists of an OG bud, dipped in honey oil, and powdered with kief. Like you are taking a bite out of a blueberry, this Moon rock has a delicious smell and taste.
Peaches and Cream Moon Rock consists of an OG bud, dipped in honey oil, and powdered with kief. This Moon rock has a delicious smell and taste.
Watermelon consists of an OG bud, dipped in honey oil, and powdered with kief. This Moon rock has a delicious smell and taste.
Vanilla Ice Cream consists of an OG bud, dipped in honey oil, and powdered with kief. This Moon rock has a delicious smell and taste.
Medical Uses: Moon Rocks are effective in pain reduction, stimulating appetite and nausea reduction. The product also boasts a .15% CBD rating which can combat pain, anxiety.
How to smoke: Smoked best in a bong or pipe, this Moon rock will leave you soaring high.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.217417
Retrieved Text: Cape Canaveral-based Moon Express wants to be the first private company to land on the moon.
On Wednesday, the company took a step toward that goal: The Federal Aviation Administration has approved Moon Express to go somewhere that only NASA has gone before, and send a robotic lander to the moon.
It’s the first time the government has granted regulatory approval for a private mission beyond Earth's orbit, according to The Verge.
Moon Express embarked on their mission to the moon in pursuit of the Google Lunar X Prize, an international competition with a $30 million prize going to whichever private company can send the vehicle to the Moon's surface. After securing the FAA’s approval, Moon Express is now in the lead in the race to the moon.
“The MX-1E is a spacecraft/lander capable of transfer from Earth orbit to the Moon, making a soft landing on the lunar surface, and performing post-landing relocations through propulsive ‘hops,’” according to the FAA.
The lander is still in development, but in preparation for the journey Moon Express has already secured a launch contract with a rocket to take it to the moon’s surface. While the rocket is still being built, Moon Express is optimistic that they will make it to the moon by the X Prize’s deadline of 2017.
In addition to hopefully winning the X Prize competition, Moon Express plans to mine the moon for rare elements and metals.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.197231
Retrieved Text: with Vivitar 2X Doubler & Mamiya-Nikon adapter.
Moon taken with Nikon D-90 and Mamiya 500mm (with Mamiya 2x doubler). Left Image (Thursday 7 July 2011): ISO 1000, 1/80, F-8. Middle Image (Friday 8 July 2011): ISO 500, 1/200, F-8. Right Image (Thursday 14 July 2011): ISO 200, 1/250, F-8. Craters show better during partial moon phases.
I must confess that some of my moon images on this page were taken hand-held with a Sony HX50V set on Program Mode and Hand-Held Twilight Modes. I carry this little camera on my belt at all times!
The common definition for Blue Moon referring to the second full moon in a month is incorrect. This definition comes from a March 1946 article in Sky & Telescope magazine by James Hugh Pruett. Apparently the author misinterpreted the traditional definition in the 1937 Maine Farmer's Almanac and his definition has been perpetuated for 66 years: "Seven times in 19 years there were--and still are--13 full moons a year. This gives 11 months with one full moon each and one with two. This second in a month, so I interpret, was called Blue Moon." The widespread adoption of the definition of a Blue Moon as the second full moon in a month followed its use on the popular radio program StarDate on January 31, 1980. This is a good example of a stated "fact" that has been misinterpreted.
The term "Blue Moon" is the name for the third full moon in a season that has four full moons, instead of three. It is not the color

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.134229
Retrieved Text: Planet Emeria Minor, or “Third Rock,” is the 3rd planet from Atlantica Sun in the Atlantica System. The planet orbits within Atlantica Federation space. Planet Emeria Minor has 6 satellite moons: Carapace, Malvina Major, Malvina Minor, Vellorita, Kairi, and Kalina.
Although Emeria Minor is a distinct planet and world, within the Atlantica Federation, the planets Emeria Major and Emeria Minor form the Binary Planet Emeria through a planetary barycenter.
Planet Emeria Minor’s primary industries are the biotechnology, medical (or healthcare), and pharmaceutical industries. Most of the Atlantica Federation’s biotechnology, medical innovations, and new medicines originate from Emeria Minor.
Planet Emeria Minor’s main exports are biotechnology, medical equipment and supplies, healthcare products, and pharmaceuticals.
Planet Emeria Minor has 6 satellite moons: Carapace, Malvina Major, Malvina Minor, Vellorita, Kairi, and Kalina.
Carapace Moon has a tropical climate but also experiences light rain most of the year. The coral reefs that surround its islands limits the direction and severity of approaching storms.
Carapace Moon is a scientific study destination since it is host to species of animals not found anywhere else in the system.
Carapace Moon has archipelagos of volcanic islands around the lunar globe.
Malvinas Moon has an oceanic climate.
Malvinas Moon home to large bird populations.
Major economic activities include fishing, tourism and sheep farming, with an emphasis on high-quality wool exports.
Malvinas Moon has a tundra climate.
Vellorita Moon has a tropical climate but also experiences rainfall most of the year.
Vellorita Moon is a tourist and vacation destination.
The primary industries are tourism, fishing and construction.
Kairi Moon has a tropical climate with high relative-humidity, but the climate along the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.129054
Retrieved Text: The ANT Blog: Have you noticed that the full moon has recently got bigger?
Have you noticed that the full moon has recently got bigger?
No, it has not really got bigger at all – the Moon’s orbit has just been a bit closer than normal to our planet the past month or so and this has resulted in the moon appearing to be bigger and brighter.
This interesting phenomenon is referred to as a ‘Supermoon’ and it occurs when the proximity of the Moon to the Earth accompanies the full moon phase of the Moon’s cycle.
2014 will be a bit of a record with Supermoons, with three occurring in one year: the first two in July and August and the final Supermoon in September. To have three Supermoons in such close succession is rare and is not expected to happen again until 2034!
It is not only during Supermoons that the moon appears larger. Have you observed that a full moon rising appears to be larger than compared to when the full moon is directly overhead?
The moon doesn’t physically change size over the course of an evening , so why does our brain think it has?
This phenomenon illustrates the Ebbinghaus Illusion. When the Moon rises and is visible on the horizon, the human eye compares its size to other visible objects (trees, power lines, buildings, etc) and, versus these objects, the Moon appears comparatively much larger. However, once the moon rises higher in the night sky, the human eye has no other objects against which to compare the moon’s

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.128522
Retrieved Text: Today incredible snaps happy to showcase Moon Photographs. Natural as well as the 5th largest satellite in our solar system is the moon Because of the gravitational influences of the moon,ocean tides and time lengthening of a day are produced the moon has different phases based on waxing and waning time. During full moon day it looks much brighter and bigger than normal. The curved moon and a star in the sky is the most common Islamic symbol and an amazing scenery too. The interesting fact about the moon is ,this is the only satellite in which humans has set their foot print. still many researches are going on to know more about the moon. Many songs,novels and poems are created like The Battlefield Where The Moon Says I Love You, The Man Who Fell in Love with the Moon, Under the Moon of Love based on the theme as moon. See and enjoy it.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.101893
Retrieved Text: The Moon is the only satellite to the Earth and the fifth largest satellite (moon) in our solar system. It has a synchronous rotation with the Earth in other words it always shows the same face to the Earth and from our view it is the second brightest object in the sky after the Sun.
Although technically Venus is the brighter object in the night sky, the Moon appears brighter to us because it is closer.
The Moon is very important to the stability of the Earth because it moderates the Earth’s wobble on its axis. By doing this it has led to the Earth having a relatively stable climate for billions of years which has meant that it has been able to sustain life as we know it. The Moon also controls tides on the Earth due to its gravitational pull.
The Moon is simply called “the Moon” because at the time it was named, it was the only “moon” that we had discovered. It was only until Galileo Galilei discovered 4 moons orbiting Jupiter in 1610 that we knew that multiple moons existed and from that time on each new moon was given a unique name so they would not be confused with our “Moon”.
Let’s find out some more fascinating facts about our Moon.
There are a number of different theories explaining how the Moon was formed but the theory that is understood to be correct is that the Moon was formed when a Mars sized object slammed into the Earth billions of years ago and blasted material

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.069187
Retrieved Text: Viennese designer Martin Mostböck has designed a rug inspired by the scarred surface of the moon.
Called Dark Side of the Moon, the carpet was designed for Vorwork and features laser cut craters.
The moon, called Luna by the Romans, Selene and Artemis by the Greeks, has in other mythologies many other names. The moon has been known since prehistoric times, and after the sun, it is the second brightest object in the sky. As the moon revolves around the Earth once a month, is constantly changing the angle between the earth, the moon and the sun, we see that the cycles of the moon.
The moon, with its uneven, scarred surface is a conceptual approach to the project and at the same metaphor for the transferred to the flat surface perforation, in the textile surface patterns and exciting unusual Durchsichten possible.
A limited edition, celebrating the 40th anniversary of the moon landing (July 20, 1969).

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.057521
Retrieved Text: Apogee (ap-uh-jee). This is the most distant point (ap-) on an elliptical orbit around Earth (-gee). The equivalent point for Earth’s orbit around the Sun is called aphelion (ap-he-lee-un or af-he-lee-un).
Blood Moon. This is a recently coined term for a full moon during a total lunar eclipse. When the Moon is inside Earth’s shadow, with the Sun completely blocked as seen everywhere on the lunar surface, the Sun’s rays bend as they go through Earth’s atmosphere. The atmosphere acts like a lens and bends the rays far enough that Earth’s sunrises and sunsets all illuminate the Moon. Each lunar eclipse is different. The color ranges from bright orange to brick to the complete disappearance of the Moon in the sky (temporarily).
Crescent. This is the phase of the Moon when the Earth-facing hemisphere is illuminated over less than 50 percent of its area. We view a crescent between new moon and first quarter (half moon) in the evening sky and between third quarter (also a half moon, facing the other direction) and new moon in the morning sky.
Dark Moon. This is a recently coined term for the new moon each month.
Dark side of the Moon. Dark Side of the Moon is not just an album by the English rock band Pink Floyd—it’s also an incorrect description used by some when referring to the hemisphere of the Moon invisible from Earth. “Far side of the Moon” or “lunar far side” are correct phrases to use. “Dark side of the Moon” could refer to the Moon’s night side, but

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.0518875
Retrieved Text: The full moon phase has been long-regarded as the phase that causes crazy behavior for those on earth. This has been depicted in movies, television shows, and books and is still to this day widely believed by a range of individuals. But this is only one of the many myths about a shining and glorious full moon! In this article, we discuss and, in some cases, debunk myths and legends of the full moon phase so you know what’s believed, what’s true, and what’s still unknown.
Let’s take a trip back into the olden days, where a full moon phase was a more mysterious force than it is today! It was believed cited that a full moon shining brightly in the sky was an indication of beautiful and clear weather the following day, whereas a hazy or foggy full moon surrounded by a white glow (otherwise known as the moon’s “halo”) was a sign that rain was on the way. Another ancient legend surrounding full moons says that whenever a red, transparent shield is present over the orb, it signaled a looming natural disaster, war, or the outbreak of a plague.
There are many myths associated with a full moon in relation to our bodies. This is one of the most commonly held ideas about this mystical orb, so it’s certainly worth mentioning. Because our bodies are made up of 75 percent water, it is said that a full moon has the same effect on our bodies as it does on the tides of the oceans.
It’s also said

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.033273
Retrieved Text: The so-called phases of the moon or lunar phases are the change of the visible part of the satellite due to the interaction between the motions of the moon, the sun and the earth. The complete cycle lasts for 29 days, 12 hours, 44 minutes and 3 seconds.
- New Moon: is when the moon has a visibility of 0% since it is hidden behind the sunshine.
- First Quarter: is the phase of the moon when it begins to illuminate the horizon and comes to complete a circle split right in the middle.
- Full moon: refers to when the moon has 100% visibility forming a circle.
- Third Quarter: Is when the moon reaches a state of divisibility of 50% like the First Quarter moon but this time to the opposite direction.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.031187
Retrieved Text: Do you like to keep your hair short? Lunar hair care principles hold that the Aries moon has excellent compatibility for this goal.
Aries has a class of Semi-barren. April 6 Wednesday the moon is in Aries and there are two more bonuses for this day! First, it is the last day of the waning moon which is another plus for the goal of shorter styles lasting longer. Second, the Moon conjunct Venus and trine Mars add a positive tone for good choices and a pleasant experience.
Aries is a Fire sign. Just like we add lotion to dry skin, when the moon travels through Dry and Fiery Aries the lunar hair care advice is to do a conditioning treatment.
Just a few days later the moon changes the phase to waxing after the New Moon. If you are a New Moon enthusiast, wait until April 8 when the moon moves to the sign of Taurus. Taurus has a class of Cold to put it in the lunar hair care category for faster growth. The close proximity to the New Moon bumps this class to a rating of Best.
The April 11 Gemini moon is rated Best for conditioning. Gemini’s element of Air and classes of Barren/Hot makes it a good candidate for conditioning. The waxing moon makes it a plus for absorption.
How did you first hear about Lunar Hair Care?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.023774
Retrieved Text: Isadora Moon goes on a school trip.
Isadora Moon collection - books 1-4.
Isadora Moon has a birthday.
Isadora moon goes to the ballet.
Isadora Moon goes to school.
Isadora Moon gets in trouble.
Isadora Moon goes to the fair.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.008352
Retrieved Text: Full Moons are often associated with Werewolves in tales and such – in Slovenia, Full Moon – polna luna is actually a real thing.
experience incredible mood swings and more.
All these strange symptoms happen without any tangible and explainable reasons – but they do occur every full moon.
Some people (around the World) believe that the moon has a special effect on fertility, human’s behaviors or odd incidents – the lunar effect.
The full moon’s attraction has an effects on large body of water. Our bodies are mainly composed of body fluids. Therefore, some believe that the moon has an attraction on our body fluids, thus causing some of us to behave unusually.
Others think that the brightness of a full moon affects our sleep patterns, resulting in irritability and mood swings.
Although, scientists found no trivial correlation between full moon and the human behaviors – no increase rate of bad luck, failed surgery or oddness in the Emergency Room.
The Moon has often been a subject of mystery in tales and believes – good or bad.
Slovenians tend to believe a lot that the Moon does have some influences on the behaviors or… the Moon is just an easy excuse out.
If something odd happens in Slovenia, it wouldn’t be unusual to heard that the cause is the Full Moon – polna luna.
So, believe it or not? Share your thoughts on it.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.001319
Retrieved Text: The moon has been a divine and enchanting symbol in human history, and it brings you mystery, delight, relief and romance. Full of mysterious and surprising creative lunar lights unveils the potential of a space. Decorate your own world with Moon lamp ─ into any style you want. It’s not only an art of decorating but an art of living.
Fyting moon lamp is created by Fyting studio(a group of young 3D technology enthusiasts in their spare time), mainly producing 3D moon lamp now.
3D Moon lamp inspired by our team member Mr. Robin, he has a very lovely small girlfriend, one day she asked: “You say you love me, but how can you prove? Can you pick off the Moon for me?” Even it’s just a small joke, but Robin is a very clever boy, and he is thinking: how can I solve this problem which struggled for many ancient and modern boys?
Suddenly, he thought a good idea, although we can not take off the moon, but what about to use 3D printing technology to make a Moon? In the second day, he shared his idea with the team, that immediately aroused all members’ interest and support. We start searching the clearest texture of the Moon from NASA Website, and precise modeling according to NASA Moon texture data, using the latest 3D printing technology to photo-realistic restore the Moon landscape, just want to give “A Real Moon”.
1. According to NASA lunar texture to precise modeling, using 3D Printing technology to photo-realistic restore Moon landscape.
2. The Moon made

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.000718
Retrieved Text: New Sailor Moon Logo Revealed!
Update: Logo has been confirmed by Miss Dream Subs! Follow them for a complete breakdown and update! New AJS staffer Dark Tetsuya sent over a link from the fine people over at Sailor Moon Collectables what could be the new logo for the new Sailor Moon anime!
Posted in Anime Tags: anime, new anime, Nico Nico Douga, Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon, rumor, sailor moon, sailor senshi, Toei Animation Comments Off on New Sailor Moon Logo Revealed!
New SeraMyu (Sailor Moon Musical) Announced!
As Dr. Who fans cry into their Jelly Babies about Matt Smith leaving the show, a new Sailor Moon musical, or SeraMyu has just been announced!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.970979
Retrieved Text: Another definition of a visible "blue moon" from the Total Lunar Eclipse of 2009 December.
The August Full Moon will occur on Tuesday Evening, 2013 August 20 at 9:45 p.m. EDT (August 21, 01:45 Coordinated Universal Time). And, this is actually considered a "Blue Moon."
While most people consider a "Blue Moon" to be the second Full Moon in a calendar month, the more classical definition of a "Blue Moon" is the third Full Moon in a calendar season which has four full moons. Most calendar seasons have three full moons, for the three months per season.
However, this year (2013) the Summer season actually has four full moons: June 23, July 22, August 20, and September 19. Hence, the August Full Moon is considered a "Blue Moon," by the classical definition. The previous "Blue Moon," by the classical definition, was on 2010 November 21. The last "Blue Moon," by the new and more popular definition of the second Full Moon in one calendar month, was on 2012 August 31.
The third Full Moon in a season with four full moons was called a "Blue Moon," so that the nicknames normally given to the three full moons of a season by the Native Americans, and later adopted by farmers who immigrated to America from Europe, could remain consistent for that particular season. In the 19th century, the Maine Farmers' Almanac started listing "Blue Moons," as an aid to farmers.
In March of 1946, Sky and Telescope Magazine misinterpreted the classical "Blue Moon" definition, by interpreting the 1937 Maine Farmers' Almanac as

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.966106
Retrieved Text: At Innovate! and Celebrate 2016, Naveen Jain sat down with Frank Gruber and discussed everything from the future of innovation to lunar exploration. As the founder and chairman of Moon Express, the first private company given permission to travel to the Moon, Jain has championed the value of traveling to the Moon for resources, knowledge, and, let’s be honest, fun. Well now, after raising the funds to pull it off, it’s official: Moon Express is going to the Moon.
Sure, they still need to develop the technology and actually travel to the Moon, but the hard part is over. Moon Express raised a $20 million Series B-1 round, bringing their overall total to a whopping $45 million, more than enough to travel beyond our atmosphere. The private investments came from individuals and venture funds including Founders Fund, Collaborative Fund, and Social Capital.
The funding will be used to fund company operations, develop and test the necessary technology, and cover the sizable launch costs involved in traveling to the Moon. Moon Express has even begun preparing Space Launch Complexes 17 and 18 at Cape Canaveral for their project, the launch locations for many rockets and missiles in the past.
LC-17 & 18 is our new home where we develop & test our spacecraft. Initial launch is from NZ with @RocketLabUSA.
The Moon Express project is part of the Google Lunar X-Prize competition, a global contest to spur lunar attention in private companies around the world. The competition offers a $20 million dollar first prize (along with a $5 million second prize)

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.965448
Retrieved Text: In the darkness of space, we’re comforted by our moon, the circular inspirer of song lyrics, poetry and wannabe astronauts. But what do you really know about the moon and its history? Take this quiz to find out.
What makes a moon a "supermoon"?
It’s the full moon that immediately follows the winter solstice.
It's a full moon with a reddish tinge.
It's a new or full moon that occurs in closer proximity to Earth than usual.
A supermoon means the moon is roughly 30,000 miles (50,000 kilometers) closer to Earth than at other times during the year. On average, there are four to six supermoons per calendar year.
How much brighter than a regular moon can a supermoon be?
A supermoon can be as much as 30 percent brighter than a regular moon. "Supermoon" is a relatively new term, as it was coined by astrologer Richard Noelle in 1979.
Which of the following statements about the moon is TRUE?
The moon actually has very little effect on Earth's ocean tides.
The moon has almost no atmosphere.
Conventional wisdom said that the moon had no atmosphere. There's no air, and thus, no wind. But recent research shows that the moon does have a tiny bit of atmosphere, one containing potassium and sodium, neither of which are found in Earth's atmosphere.
Humans weigh about 50 percent less on the moon due to the moon's lower gravitational pull.
If you could drive a car from Earth to the moon at a speed of 60 mph, how long would it take you to reach the moon's surface?
On average, the moon is 238,900

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.963624
Retrieved Text: GEB’s spanish translator, and 3D modeler, Gerardo Paz has produced his first 3D creation for the new Moon in Google Earth. Gerardo found some 3D models from the Sci Fi TV Show “Space 1999” which was set on “Moonbase Alpha“, and placed them on Google’s moon. To get started, you should start Google Earth and switch to Moon mode. Then load Gerardo’s Moonbase Alpha in 3D . Gerardo has created a tour of the base – just double click on the tour. You will see he has also has included nice 3D models of Alpha’s Eagle spacecraft.
Developer note: Google’s KML hint attribute currently works only for “target=sky”. An update to GE will be required to add “target=moon” and I’ve heard “target=mars” will also work. So, users currently have to switch to “Moon” manually to view KML content on the moon.
Next post: Drive an Apollo Lunar Rover on the Moon! Fun Game!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.9440775
Retrieved Text: NASA is a United States agency that explores space. The letters of NASA’s name stand for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
When Laura Murray was about 10 years old, she was given a glass vial (small bottle) of dust. Now, almost 50 years later, she’s taking NASA to court to keep that bottle. Why? The dust inside came from the moon.
Many things have happened since she was given the vial of moon dust. Laura Murray has grown up, gotten married, and now her name is Laura Cicco. Her parents have died, but they played an important part in the story.
Astronaut Neil Armstrong was a friend of Ms. Cicco’s father.
Ms. Cicco’s father was a pilot, and he was friends with the American astronaut, Neil Armstrong. Neil Armstrong is famous for being the first person to ever walk on the moon.
Mr. Armstrong gave Ms. Cicco’s father the vial of moon dust as a gift for Ms. Cicco. He also wrote a note on the back of one of her father’s business cards: “To Laura Ann Murray, best of luck, Neil Armstrong, Apollo 11”.
As a child, even though she kept Mr. Armstrong’s note in a frame, Ms. Cicco wasn’t too interested in the moon dust. In fact, she forgot all about it. “I was more interested in Barbie dolls and riding my bike,” she told one newspaper.
Ms. Cicco didn’t see the vial again until about five years ago, when she was cleaning out her parents’ house.
Astronaut Neil Armstrong gave Ms. Cicco a vial of moon dust when she was

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.936134
Retrieved Text: The planet is going to witness a rare celestial event in January 2019, as a supermoon will coincide with a total lunar eclipse, also known as the blood moon. It should be noted that the last blood moon happened on July 27, 2018, and after the upcoming blood moon in 2019, there will not be another one until 2021.
Total lunar eclipses(blood moon) happen when the earth is directly between the sun and the moon. During this event, the moon stays in the shadow of the earth, and it will appear in bright red color while viewed from the earth.
On the other hand, this total lunar eclipse will be also a supermoon, which means the natural satellite will have its closest approach to earth also known as perigee. In short, the upcoming celestial event will be actually a super blood moon.
Is super moon a sign of the apocalypse?
In the meantime, a section of doomsday believers has started arguing that the upcoming celestial event is an indication of an impending apocalypse. As per these conspiracy theorists, the upcoming super blood moon is actually fulfilling biblical prophecies.
Even though the predictions made by these conspiracy theorists are going viral on the internet, there is no such term as 'Blood Moon' in the Bible. However, there are many references in the Bible where the moon turns blood red before doomsday.
In the King James version of the Bible, Book of Joel Chapter 2, it is predicted that natural disasters will be triggered in all nooks of the planet when the sun and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.9344
Retrieved Text: . The moon is earth’s only satellite.
. The mean distance between the earth and the moon is about 3,85,000 km.
. Moon has a diameter of about 3,480 ‘km and a mass 1 of about 81 that of the earth.
. The orbit of the moon is elliptical.
.The period of moon’s revolution of the sun is 29.53 days on an average, and is called synodic month.
. The moon’s period of rotation around its axis and revolution round the earth is same.
. Moon at all times keeps the same side towards the earth.
. The plane of the moon’s orbit is inclined at an angle of 5° 09′ to the plane of the ecliptic.
. When the sun and the moon lie on the same side of the earth, the moon is said to be in conjunction with the sun.
. When the sun anc:l. the moon are on opposite sides of the earth, they are sail.:! to be in opposition.
. The major cause of sea-tides is the gravitational pull of the moon. The sun, because of its greater distance from he earth, has a tide-producing power that is only five-elevenths the tide-producing power of the moon.
. When the moon is between the earth and the sun, the position is called the New Moon. On New Moon, the part of the moon facing the earth is in complete darkness. The moon takes different shapes on different days after the New Moon: waxing crescent (after 3 days), first quarter (7th day), waxing gibbuns (10th day), full moon (14th day), and waning gib bous

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.922314
Retrieved Text: On this page you can find out which phase of the moon today (illumination, visibility and other parameters), as well as the phases of the moon in the current month. You can easily see the phase of the moon for the date you are interested by going to the corresponding day in the calendar. The different phases of the moon have a different impact on the surrounding nature and man. On a young moon, people are less suggestible and subject to external influences than to a diminishing one. The most difficult period in the lunar month is the days when the moon has disappeared from the sky, and the new moon has not yet come. City New York.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.915671
Retrieved Text: This year's full moon for the month of April is happening on the 19th, Friday, at 07:12 A.M. EDT. Referencing the Old Farmer's Almanac, the month's full moon is also given the nickname "pink moon."
Since The Old Farmer's Almanac started publication in 1792, readers have been eager to check on forecasts on weather, planting charts, and astronomical data that are printed in the reference book's pages. It also has sections with recipes, articles, and some of the year's prediction on fashion, home, food, living, and technology.
For April 2019, the periodical states that the Earth should be graced with a "full pink moon." However, to curb the expectation of moon watchers across the globe, April's pink moon is not actually going to appear as a moon that is colored pink. Instead, the said full moon happening on Friday marks the blossoming of the North American flowering plant called "wild ground phlox," also known as "moss pink." The full moon has long been a reminder of blossoming flowers, especially during early spring.
This is not the first time that the moon is given a moniker that doesn't reflect its physical appearance but rather the phenomenon in nature that its phase corresponds to. For example, the past Full Worm Moon did not have the moon appearing in the sky resembling a worm but about the same time, worms emerge from the soil. Later this year, a Full Strawberry Moon will be observed but it doesn't mean that the moon would appear resembling a massive red fruit with seeds over the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.91077
Retrieved Text: Home | Science | Blue Moon Coming Soon!
Elvis Presley made the Blue Moon famous, and on Friday, it will make a rare appearance.
The majority of the world will get to experience a Blue Moon on Friday night, even better, it will occur at the same time everywhere (keep reading). Ironically, the phenomenon has nothing to do with its colour.
Most years, there are 12 full moons (one per month) experienced on Earth. However, this year, July has an extra full moon, making a total of 13 full moons for the year. The bonus full moon that we will be seeing on Friday is dubbed the Blue Moon.
Typically, the lunar month (also known as the synodic month – full moon to full moon) averages 29 and a half days. Mathematically, this is shorter than each calendar month (excluding February). The extra one and a half days of the month exceeding the lunar month add up over the year, leading to the bonus full moon.
The full moon looks like it lasts for the length of one night, however, scientifically and technically, it is an instant event. That means, when the sun, Earth and moon align, it’s happening at that moment; at the same time across the global. This time, the full moon (Blue Moon) will occur on July 31 at 6:43 am EDT.
Keep in mind, when you catch a glimpse, the moon will not actually be blue. Rather, the Blue Moon is a byproduct of the excess time between the calendar month and the lunar month. However, there is

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.907342
Retrieved Text: A: Nope, not by chance it s pure physics. For starters, the moon is not stuck in place with one side facing us. Our lunar companion rotates while it orbits Earth. It s just that the amount of time it takes the moon to complete a revolution on its axis is the same it takes to circle our planet about 27 days. As a result, the same lunar hemisphere always faces Earth. How d this come to be? In a word: gravity. The moon s gravity slightly warps our planet s shape and gives us tides. Likewise, Earth tugs at the moon, creating a rocky, high-tide bulge facing us. That bulge ended up working like a brake, slowing the moon s spin down to the current rate, so the lunar high tide permanently faces us. When that happened, about 4 billion years ago, the moon became tidally locked, and it has presented us the same visage ever since. Why Do We Only See One Side of the Moon? You may have heard references made to the "dark side" of the Moon.
This popular term refers to the fact that the same physical half of the Moon, the "near side", is always facing Earth, which in turn means that there is a far side or so-called "dark side" that is never facing Earth and can only be seen from space. This phenomenon has nothing to do with illumination or the periodic light and dark we see as the phases of the moon change. Sometimes people refer to a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.9057
Retrieved Text: Rofo researches and displays commercial real estate listings from top brokerage firms and landlords in Half Moon Bay, CA making it easier to find available commercial space and compare current asking rental rates. In Half Moon Bay, CA there are currently 2 real estate professionals to help you find the right space for you. Filter your search below and get free advice from recommended brokers in Half Moon Bay, CA.
11650 San Mateo Rd is for lease in Half Moon Bay, CA.
306 San Mateo Rd is for lease in Half Moon Bay, CA.
11650 San Mateo Rd is a land property for lease in Half Moon Bay, CA. The property currently has 1 land for lease and is marketed by Cushman & Wakefield Northern California.
306 San Mateo Rd is a land property for lease in Half Moon Bay, CA. The property currently has 1 land for lease and is marketed by Cushman & Wakefield Northern California.
1 land 264 square feet.
203 Princeton Ave is for lease in Half Moon Bay, CA.
611 Magnolia St is for lease in Half Moon Bay, CA.
000 Dolores Ave is for lease in Half Moon Bay, CA.
000 Higgins Canyon is for lease in Half Moon Bay, CA.
12 Ashdown Pl is for lease in Half Moon Bay, CA.
155 Troon Way is for lease in Half Moon Bay, CA.
2032 Avignon Place is for lease in Half Moon Bay, CA.
23 Oceanview Ave 23 is for lease in Half Moon Bay, CA.
42 Seascape Dr 42 is for lease in Half Moon Bay, CA.
Please describe your commercial real estate requirements

================



======= Instance Index 472 =========
Input Text: Clouds are

Which is the correct answer?
- Grass
- The color green
- Quiet heavy
- Bricks

Target Text: Quiet heavy

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 12.879819
Retrieved Text: Most of us have fantasized while admiring clouds; but have you ever wondered why clouds float? As long as the cloud is warmer than the outside air around it, it will float.
The height of the cloud in the atmosphere depends on the temperature and amount of water vapor of the rising air. For example, drier air has to rise higher to cool enough to start condensation.
Cumulus clouds can grow into cumulonimbus clouds which are larger and often spread out in the shape of an anvil or plume. Cumulonimbus may produce heavy rain, lightning, severe and strong winds, hail, microbursts, and even tornadoes.
Clouds are grouped by their shape and by their height in the atmosphere.
The characteristics of clouds are established by the elements available, including amount of water vapor, temperatures at the height, wind, mountains and other air masses.
Cumulus clouds are probably the most recognized clouds. These clouds form below 6,000 feet but in some extreme cases they can be in altitudes as high as 39,000 feet! They look like white, fluffy cotton balls. The reason cumulus appear fluffy is because bubbles of air, called thermals, linger in the cloud.
In mountainous areas, clouds may form lines at an angle to the wind. Wave clouds do not move downwind as clouds usually do, but remain fixed in position relative to the obstruction that forms them, for example: mountains.
Lenticular clouds form on the downwind side of mountains and are lens-shaped. Wind blows most types of clouds across the sky, but lenticular clouds seem to stay in one place.
Strato-cumulus clouds

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.784865
Retrieved Text: What Are Cumulus Clouds Made Up Of?
Cirrostratus clouds start as feathery mares' tails that may grow and layer into thin sheet-like clouds. Besides foretelling a possible change in the weather, cirrostratus clouds may reflect the light from the sun or moon, creating colorful and sometimes eerie effects. These fascinating clouds occur high in the troposphere, where water molecules freeze into ice crystals.
Clouds are defined by elevation, shape and texture. Cloud elevations are identified as high-level cirrus (above 20,000 feet), mid-level alto (between 6,500 and 20,000) and low-level (below 6,500) clouds. The shape or texture of clouds are stratus (sheets or layers) and cumulus (heap). Nimbus, another meteorological term, means rain cloud. Combining these terms identifies different types and elevations of clouds. Cirrus clouds are high clouds. Cirrostratus literally means high (cirro-, from cirrus) sheet-like or layered (stratus) clouds.
Cirrus clouds form the so-called mares' tails clouds high in the atmosphere. These feathery, delicate-looking clouds appear above other cloud formations. As more moisture condenses and freezes, the cirrus feathers may begin to coalesce into thicker clouds. Cirrostratus occur when the mares' tails grow and overlap to become a sheet of high, thin clouds. Cirrostratus clouds remain thin enough for sunlight to shine through and shadows to be seen. If the clouds thicken more, their heavier mass causes them to move down in the atmosphere to become altostratus.
Most clouds occur when water vapor, the gaseous form of water, condenses in sufficient quantities to be seen. Clouds, except for some thunderstorms, occur in the troposphere, the lowest layer of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.76614
Retrieved Text: By the time I got back home I Uploaded 15 photographs together with all are in high definition version. From different picture in Types of clouds pictures for kids images, you can have Coloring pages with decor. But, if you don’t appropriate with inspiration, you would probably still take a look inspiration. Even so I recommend you can use as an concept design, although along with has appealing design design. Don’t disremember for share this Types of clouds pictures for kids cirrus types of clouds and heights of formation students free coloring to close friend or your neighbors. So they are might get with to erect they Coloring pages. I am delighted can share as well as plus to you all. Hopefully you could find which all this time are you look for.
Types Of Clouds Pictures For Kids types of clouds pictures for kids cloud types airline world flash coloring pagesemo coloring pages. types of clouds pictures for kids three types of au pair host moms which one are you easy coloring pages for kids. types of clouds pictures for kids earth science for kids weather clouds free horse coloring pages. types of clouds pictures for kids types of clouds the wise nest mask coloring pictures. types of clouds pictures for kids clouds john laudun flash coloring pagesemo coloring pages. types of clouds pictures for kids clouds super fun preschool geography best of carrots are orange motorcycle coloring pages. types of clouds pictures for kids clouds science for kids 23 smart ideas for the classroom teach

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.742226
Retrieved Text: Although there are many types of clouds, they are all made of the same thing - water vapor and/or ice. That vapor is tiny droplets of water that are suspended in air. The droplets in clouds congregate (group together) because of different factors in the atmosphere. Those congregations are called clouds. You will often find clouds in areas between high and low pressure systems. These cloud types are usually associated with different weather patterns and can occur in any climate. Remember, weather is specific and climate is a long-term pattern for a region.
Of the possible cloud types, we'll start with stratus clouds. They are found in the lower layers of the atmosphere and span many miles. They are usually grey in color because they carry more water. They also appear flat (compared to other cloud types).
Cirrus clouds are the ones way up in the sky. They might be found at over 10,000 feet in the atmosphere. They are the wispy white clouds flying along the upper layers of the atmosphere. Because they are so high and the temperature is colder they are often made up of tiny pieces and particles of ice.
The words are getting bigger as we look at nimbostratus clouds. These are the storm clouds, big, dark, and you might get that feeling that it's about to rain any second.
Cumulus clouds are the classic clouds - big, puffy, and white. They are like cotton balls in the mid-altitudes of the atmosphere. As they get larger, you will notice they have a flatter base and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.737822
Retrieved Text: Part of the altocumulus family of clouds, the altocumulus opacus clouds normally form a relatively thick and opaque layer of clouds. At one glance, this can easily be mistaken as the blanket format of cumulus clouds although this is not the case.
What height are altocumulus opacus found?
The altocumulus opacus clouds are usually bound between 6,500 and 20,000 feet and commonly arise as a consequence of a convection in an unstable layer of the air. The creation of these clouds are very dependent on the height at which they are found and the lower they are, the greater the possibility that they are formed by water droplets, whereas the higher they are, the more likely they are formed by ice crystals.
The opacus type of clouds too do not have a specific classification, and again depending on whether it is found at the higher stratosphere, it will be classified as cirrocumulus opacus, at the mid-level as altocumulus opacus and at the lowest layer as stratocumulus opacus clouds.
How are altocumulus opacus clouds formed?
The altocumulus opacus clouds are normally formed as a consequence of water droplets mixing with the warmer air although if the temperature is cold enough, instead of water droplets, ice crystals for the structure of these clouds.
Consequently, this also influences the depth of the altocumulus opacus cloud formation. Depending on how cold it is at the heights of between 6,500 and 20,000 feet, this will determine the depth of the altocumulus opacus cloud range.
What do altocumulus opacus clouds look like?
The altocumulus opacus clouds can be somewhat opaque

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.726285
Retrieved Text: These mystifying clouds are called Polar Mesospheric Clouds, or PMCs, when they are viewed from space and referred to as "night-shining" clouds or Noctilucent Clouds, when viewed by observers on Earth. The clouds form in an upper layer of the Earth’s atmosphere called the mesosphere during the summer and can be seen from the high latitudes on Earth.
Noctilucent clouds (NLC’s) or polar mesospheric clouds (PMC’s) are found very high in the Earth's atmosphere. They are called Polar Mesospheric Clouds when they are viewed from space, and are referred to as noctilucent clouds when viewed by observers on Earth. Unlike lower clouds that are associated with weather, these clouds form at the very edge of space in the atmospheric layer called the mesosphere. Like some of the clouds we see more regularly, scientists think these clouds are made of frozen water or ice crystals.
As you can see from the image, NLC’s are seen best just after sunset. They glow an electric, blue-white. They are normally seen from locations near the poles of the Earth, but in recent years, they have been seen at much lower-latitude locations (like Colorado or Virginia in the U.S.). It’s this change in the locations of NLC’s that makes scientist think they may be a sign of global climate change on Earth, specifically global warming which is influenced by human activity. Scientists will look into this possibility with a new atmospheric mission, AIM (The Aeronomy of Ice in the Mesosphere).
These eerie looking clouds have only been studied in the recent past. Now, people

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.667149
Retrieved Text: The (cloud) shape was similar to a castle.
Also known as a thunderhead.
Which cloud looks like a sheet across the sky?
Which cloud looks like a gray sheet across the sky?
This is a rotating, cone-shaped column of air that goes downward from the base of a thunderstorm.
A lenticular cloud that is formed when warm, moist air runs into the surface a mountain is what type of cloud?
A large collection of very tiny droplets of water or ice crystals.
A bright flash of electricity produced by a thunderstorm.
A violent rotating column of air extending from a thunderstorm to the ground.
Puffy white clouds are called clouds.
Which clouds are the thin, wispy clouds?
Choose the best description of cirrus clouds.
Venus has that are very hot and poisonous.
Puffy, white clouds with flat bottoms are clouds.
Cumulonimbus clouds are formed from cumulus clouds.
Which shape is not symmetrical?
Low, flat clouds near the ground that can bring rain are called .

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.652075
Retrieved Text: Lovely Clipart Clouds Clipart is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at September 08, 2017 upload by potinouti in Clipart.
Description: Lovely Clipart Clouds Clipart from the above 1300x1390 resolutions which is part of the Clipart. Download this image for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
Picture Free Dreaming Clouds Cliparts Download Free Clip Art Free Clip Art the latest specifically for you from clipart clouds clipart , source: clipart-library.com.
Portrait New Rain Cloud Clipart – Ttnyfo the best specifically for you from clipart clouds clipart , source: ttny.info.
Images Lovely Clipart Clouds – Ttnyfo the best just for you from clipart clouds clipart , source: ttny.info.
Snapshot Lovely Clipart Clouds – Ttnyfo the best for you from clipart clouds clipart , clipart clouds, source: ttny.info.
Portrait Free Dreaming Clouds Cliparts Download Free Clip Art Free Clip Art most popular for you from clipart clouds clipart , source: clipart-library.com.
Portrait Raindrop Vector Free Storm Cloud Clipart Lovely Elegant Beautiful the most beautiful just for you from clipart clouds clipart , clipart clouds, source: stlatinband.com.
Portrait Lovely Clipart Clouds – Ttnyfo noblest specifically for you from clipart clouds clipart , source: ttny.info.
Illustration New Black and White Clouds – Ttnyfo selected for you from clipart clouds clipart , source: ttny.info.
Picture Lovely Clipart Clouds – Ttnyfo best for you from clipart clouds clipart , source: ttny.info.
Photo Free Dreaming Clouds Cliparts Download Free Clip Art Free Clip Art noblest just for you from clipart

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.643032
Retrieved Text: Clouds are one of the most reliable predictors of weather when you are out backpacking. There are 10 types of clouds that you should be able to recognize, but if you get their names confused, just remember that the higher the clouds, the better the weather will be.
Cirrocumulus Clouds look like ripples of water on the surface of a lake. They are a sign of good weather and often dissipate to blue sky.
Altocumulus Clouds are fair weather clouds. They usually occur after a storm.
Cumulonimbus Clouds are low thunder clouds that bring hail, strong wind, thunder and lightning. They have a characteristic flat, anvil-like top.
Cumulus Clouds are easily recognizable, large, white, fluffy clouds. They indicate fair weather when they are widely separated, but if they are large and many-headed, they are capable of bringing heavy showers.
Cirrus Clouds are high altitude, wispy clouds, seen in fine weather.
Cirrostratus Clouds are made up of ice particles and form a halo around the sun. If a Cirrus filled sky darkens and turns to Cirrostratus it is a sign of rain or snow, depending on temperature.
Altostratus Clouds form a greyish veil over the sun or moon. If they get darker and thicken, it is a sign that rain is on the way.
Nimbostratus Clouds form low blankets of cloud and indicate rain or snow, lasting for several hours.
Stratocumulus Clouds can form a lumpy mass covering the entire sky and may produce light rain, but usually dissipate by the late afternoon or evening.
Stratus Clouds are low clouds that form a fog like layer and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.582142
Retrieved Text: Because the temperature, pressure and the amount of moisture vary at different heights of the atmosphere, then wherever condensation occurs, clouds form. Therefore, there are many different forms of clouds occurring at different levels of the atmosphere. Certain basic techniques are necessary before an observer is able to successfully identify cloud types.
The higher the clouds, the generally slower it appears to move. Think of the distance of arc length that higher clouds have to travel as compared to lower clouds. Now, it will be an interesting simple experiment to observe the cloud motion on a day with low cloud. Compare the speed of the cloud from your view point and then observe the cloud at a different altitude. You will find that the higher you are, the faster the cloud appears to move. Just think of a train moving at a distance from you and compare it as if you were standing very close. At a close distance, the train will appear to pass you very quickly, even though it will be travelling at the same speed. This applies to cloud motion as well. The higher you are, the closer you are to the base of the cloud so the faster it appears to move.
In appearance, higher clouds are generally in the form of sheets, whilst lower clouds are more ragged and 'puffy' due to the increased turbulence closer to the earth's surface. The higher clouds are also much brighter and lighter than lower clouds because of the higher reflectivity of the ice crystals.
The higher clouds

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.580474
Retrieved Text: You are now playing the Cloud Wars Sunny Day game. You should also play one of the other Thinking Games at GoodGame.co.in !
In this strategy game you have to conquer all the clouds floating in the air. You're the blue cloud and the grey clouds are neutral. Clouds of another color are your competitors: they'll try as well to conquer all the clouds and change their colors. Both you and your enemies will fire little clouds in the direction of enemies, neutral clouds or 'allied' clouds. The aim is to weaken and defeat your enemies and to strengthen your allies so that they can also help you conquer more enemy clouds. Shoot little clouds at the stars, too: this gives you the possibility to choose a weather type (sun, rain or lightning) that will remain active for a while. A lightning bolt, for example, allows you to shoot faster: that's very, very useful!
Control: Hold the left mouse button while drawing a line between your cloud and the cloud you want to conquer / strengthen. You can also do this with more clouds at once: in that case you hold the spacebar to select all blue clouds at once and then you hold Ctrl to shoot clouds.
Friends "Cloud Wars Sunny Day"

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.575786
Retrieved Text: Rising global temperatures are likely to accelerate evaporation rates worldwide. So more evaporation is likely to lead to more rainfall, in a globally averaged sense. Many scientists speak of a "spun up" water cycle as a result of global warming; meaning there would be more water cycling through the atmosphere as a result of the increased precipitation rate.
There is no guarantee, however, that these increased evaporation and precipitation rates will be distributed evenly worldwide. Some areas may experience floods, and other areas droughts, as the traditional locations of rain belts and deserts shift in response to a changing climate. Some climate models predict that coastal regions will become wetter and the middle of continents will become drier. Also, some models forecast more evaporation and rainfall over oceans, but not necessarily over land.
Stratus clouds: A thick, low grey blanket, stratus clouds block sunlight from reaching the Earth like an umbrella and thus have a net cooling effect.
Cirrus clouds: Wispy high clouds as much as 20 kilometers above the Earth's surface, cirrus clouds let most sunlight pass through but may trap heat from getting out of the Earth system. Therefore, they have a net warming effect.
Cumulus clouds: With sharp edges and a cotton ball appearance, cumulus clouds can block sunlight, but also trap the Earth's heat depending on their heights and thicknesses.
Currently, the combined effect of all clouds is one of net cooling, meaning that clouds are dampening the rate of global warming. But scientists are looking into whether clouds will have the same effect on climate as

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.566436
Retrieved Text: How to paint clouds like a pro. Everyone likes a blue sky with clouds. Painting clouds realistically can be challenging. We all look at clouds as children and make things out of them. It's important to paint clouds, and the shadows and clouds in order to make it landscape jump.
Painting tips and tricks tutorial. 3 Tips On Painting Great Clouds in Oil or Acrylic by Tim Gagnon.
How to paint Acrylic Clouds in the Sky! A basic speed painting tutorial of a cloud.
#188. How to paint fluffy night clouds and moon "acrylic"
Paint an undercoat in the color of your sky, remember to blend your sky from dark at the top to very pale at the bottom. The sky usually gets lighter at the horizon. The sky is something you can watch every day. Then you can paint your clouds over a dry sky or paint wet-on-wet. Keep the clouds big, at the top of the sky and smaller, in the distance.
A grey can be mixed using Cobalt Blue, a little Crimson and a very little Raw Sienna.
Usually a cloud is darker on the bottom and the shape is usually on the top.
European painting skies were often seen as associated with the heavens the air and, to be a theatrical backdrop providing deep space for the pictureâ€™s subject. The clouds are lightly shaded in the center and brighter on the top edges. The shapes are rounded, repetitive and, the clouds appear more as symbols of clouds than observed.
Clouds are used for drama, theatrical back-lighting, and "chiaroscuro"
Two artists stand

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.5290785
Retrieved Text: Clouds and aerosols are two of the most important, but least understood, aspects of climate change. How much do you know about them?
Aerosols range in size from smaller than the smallest virus to about the diameter of a human hair and can remain aloft anywhere from a few days to years.
Most aerosols in the atmosphere are from human-caused pollution.
Most occur naturally, including sea salt, desert dust, wildfire smoke and sulfates from volcanic eruptions. A significant minority is from human causes such as industrial pollution, cars and deliberate burning of trees and agricultural waste. But the artificial stuff can dominate the air downwind of urban and industrial areas.
What effects do various aerosols have on the climate?
We admit that this is a tricky one, but that’s part of what makes aerosols so hard to pin down in climate models. Various kinds of aerosols have various kinds of effects, both direct and indirect. As a direct effect, aerosols scatter sunlight back into space. As an indirect effect, they can either help or hinder the development of clouds, which in turn can either cool or warm the planet.
Which of these qualities are used to identify types of clouds?
Clouds occur in three basic shapes: puffy (cumulus), layered (stratus) and wispy (cirrus). They are also identified by the altitudes at which they form. Clouds below two kilometers (about one mile) are considered low. Those from two to six kilometers (about one to four miles) are considered mid-level, while those above that altitude are considered high. And finally, the prefix “nimbo-“ and postfix

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.498124
Retrieved Text: Yellow full moon among dark blue clouds. This was the second full moon in July 2015.
Time lapse of dark blue clouds tinged with pink rolling forwards at sunset.
Coast in winter when the sun barely penetrates the thick gray clouds. The sun's rays are spilling after a restless surface of the sea in the background can be seen a dark blue gray clouds.
4K, natural, tourism, mountains concept- Rolling clouds over mountains in Carpathian. shot of a mountain sunset with heavy clouds with dark blue to bright rays sun seen through the clouds.
4K, natural, tourism, mountains concept- Time lapse. Rolling clouds over mountains in Carpathian. shot of a mountain sunset with heavy clouds with dark blue to bright rays sun seen through the clouds.
Lacy white clouds churn randomly against a dark blue sky background in a very uncommon cloud pattern.
Summer landscape and dark blue sky with clouds and the smoke that comes out of the valley. Time lapse.
One seagull bird flying wings and wide against the dark blue sky with clouds, landing movement on calm sea surface background.
Clouds Time-lapse layered fluffy white clouds with dark blue sky.
Timelapse of clouds, cirrus and cirrostratus, seen from above. White clouds over dark blue. Diagonal 4K (UHD) composition.
Cloud FX0109: Light streaks from puffs of white clouds in a dark blue sky (Loop).
Seascape, sea view in sunny day, dark blue sea, blue sky, small clouds, calm sea surface, ripple soft waves.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.486757
Retrieved Text: Leaving FL. . .Ocean, Intra-coastal and horizon.
Ocean, Horizon, Clouds and Boat at far left.
Run toward a New Story in your Life.
Full Moon surrounded by Clouds.
Full Moon as clouds close in.
Another amazing Sunrise this morning.
Looking NW more dark clouds.
First plane in the clouds and Palm.
Are you absolutely sure you brought breakfast?
WOW, Pistachios in the shell.
Second Plane in clouds and Trees.
Dear Beautiful You, Remember, good things take time. Stay positive and strong. . .Everything is going to be alright.
There was also a plane trail but it is unseen . .
Errand day . . . with storms in the area.
Clouds and sun today. . .
I see a figure. . .
Looks like he's driving a kiddy car. . . shades of Nascar.
These white clouds are all bunched up.
TooJays is moving. . .I think it said Wellington Commons.
Count your nights by the stars, Not the shadows.
Working on a huge project.
I will be in and out. . . the big project will take awhile to complete. I will share all when it has been completed.
Promise yourself to exercise more, eat better, breathe deeper, love stronger & smile wider. You deserve happiness.
Sometimes. . . I need to remind myself that taking time for me is not selfish but necessary.
Life’s too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun, regret nothing, and don’t let anyone bring you down.
Looking in all directions. . Clouds and blue sky.
Clouds, chem trails and Blue sky.
Clouds, palms, chem trails and blue skies.
White clouds, trees, Palms and clouds.
White clouds, trees and Palm Tree.
Many different clouds. . .
. .. against the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.471664
Retrieved Text: In your study of clouds, you may encounter the term "collar clouds". But what is it and how does it differ from other cloud types? How will you know that it is a collar cloud? And what kind of weather condition does it bring? Read on to find the answers to these questions.
Collar clouds refer to a group of clouds surrounding the upper portion of wall clouds. It is often used as a synonym for wall cloud, but collar cloud is just one feature of the wall cloud. A wall cloud is a low-level cloud found on the rain-free base of a thunderstorm that signifies a strong updraft. It is often seen rotating in a supercell thunderstorm which could probably produce a tornado. Simply put, a collar cloud is the cloud formation you see circling on top of a wall cloud.
How does a collar cloud look like?
Collar clouds are the lighter gray group of clouds you see on top of a wall cloud affixed to the rain-free base of a cumulonimbus cloud. It is rain-free due to the upward movement of air towards the wall cloud which prevents the rain from falling down through it. Because of this, the wall cloud and more likely tornado, become visible and rain-free. The diameter of this cloud type may range from one to five miles. And it is normally situated at the inflow side of a thunderstorm. When viewed from several miles away, these clouds may show a speedy upward and cyclonic motion.
At what altitude are collar clouds found?
Since

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.457936
Retrieved Text: If you love watching the clouds, then you must also be interested in the variety of cloud forms such as the opacus clouds. What is an opacus cloud? How does it look like? How did they form and what type of weather condition does it bring? Get to know more about opacus clouds in the succeeding paragraphs. Read on.
Opacus clouds refer to an extensive patch, layer or sheet of sufficiently thick clouds that completely cover the sunrays during daytime or the moonlight at night. Opacus is the Latin word for opaque which means “shady” which aptly describes the opacus cloud. This is a cloud variety found in different type of clouds.
Opacus clouds appear in the main cloud genera such as stratus, nimbostratus, stratocumulus, altostratus and altocumulus.
Opacus cloud appears as stratus cloud that forms a thick and dense layer of cloud like a huge blanket that prevents the sun from shining through.
Nimbostratus Opacus appears as a thick and dark cloud layer that inhibits the sun from penetrating. This cloud is associated with gloomy and wet days.
Stratocumulus opacus appears as a thick and irregularly-shaped cloud layer that resembles a huge blanket covering the whole sky without gaps or spaces. However, the sheets of clouds are partly uniform which make the cloud bases distinguishable. Rainfall is rarely generated from stratocumulus opacus.
This cloud is characterized by a thick cloud layer covering the altostratus high above. Altostratus opacus cloud forms before a light-rain weather system thus making the sky gloomy. This opacus variation develops from solidifying altostratus translucidus and eventually becomes

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.389919
Retrieved Text: July 29th. WHAT DO YOU SEE IN YOUR CLOUDS? "Behold, He cometh with clouds." Revelation 1:7 In the Bible clouds are always connected with God. Clouds are those sorrows or sufferings or providences, within or without our personal lives, which seem to dispute the rule of God. It is by those very clouds that the Spirit of God is teaching us how to walk by faith. If there were no clouds, we should have no faith. "The clouds are but the dust of our Father's feet." The clouds are a sign that He is there. What a revelation it is to know that sorrow and bereavement and suffering are the clouds that come along with God! God cannot come near without clouds, He does not come in clear shining. It is not true to say that God wants to teach us something in our trials: through every cloud He brings, He wants us to unlearn something. His purpose in the cloud is to simplify our belief until our relationship to Him is exactly that of a child - God and my own soul, other people are shadows. Until other people become shadows, clouds and darkness will be mine every now and again. Is the relationship between myself and God getting simpler than ever it has been? There is a connection between the strange providences of God and what we know of Him, and we have to learn to interpret the mysteries of life in the light of our knowledge of God. Unless we can look the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.365314
Retrieved Text: You won’t believe what these clouds are made of…. Some clouds are more than just water vapour – they are alive.
In Lake Malawi every year in August huge black clouds form above the water. These swirling clouds form across the water and form the shore it looks like the lake on fire. So what is happening?
These strange black clouds are actually millions and millions of midges – a type of fly.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.364969
Retrieved Text: Such perfect fractal clouds are too perfect to be real.
I wrote recently about Google opening their data centers to writers and photographers and thus revealing how fractal the digital cloud looks. Let’s not forget, though, that physical clouds are equally impressive as natural fractals. Lamentably, our ground-level view of clouds feels restricted to 2D appreciation. We can only see one side as we peer up. The dark side of the clouds eludes us, shrouded behind a scrim. We need to be cloud-level in order to glimpse those water droplet and ice crystal forms with 3D glasses. If we could settle into just the right position and perspective, then the 3D panorama of cloud fractalness might align and blossom out.
This must be what heaven looks like. Photojournalist Rüdiger Nehmzow took to the skies in his Cloud Collection series to photograph some beautiful cloud formations. After being strapped in, the committed photographer, equipped with two cameras and an oxygen mask, went 6,000 meters (approximately 4 miles) high in an airplane with the doors wide open to snap his shots.
The result? Nehmzow’s cloud shots reveal astonishing dimensions in fully realized fractalscapes.
Is a front moving in?
I decided to collide clouds myself by captioning these photographs of physical clouds with digital snips of text found in search strings of a Google search of "fractal clouds." The original source, in every instance, is linked to the specific search phrase.
Is a storm flaring up?
Buckle in. Enjoy the flight. I hope you don’t mind if we leave the doors open.
There are those who do

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.354476
Retrieved Text: Explanation: The clouds in the foreground are much different than the clouds in the background. In the foreground are a photogenic deck of Earth-based water clouds. The long exposure used to create the above photograph makes the light from the left, reflected from Phoenix, Arizona, USA, appear like a sunset. Far in the distance, however, are star clouds from the disk of our Milky Way Galaxy. Billions of stars like our Sun live there, circling our Galactic center every 200 million years. Contrast between the water clouds and the star clouds has been digitally enhanced. Between the two, visible on the upper right, is the planet Jupiter.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.351766
Retrieved Text: 10/02/2016, 3:55PM, Graduate and Family Housing, Athens Court. Cumulus and stratocumulus. Unstable atmosphere.
A simple drop of dye diffuses in water and creates a chaotic yet elegant chandelier flow pattern.
There are some really interestingly textured clouds in the center background. I also like the rainbow effect around the sun on the clouds, but the area is also slightly overexposed, so some of that color is lost.
I like the large framing of this photo. Good focus. I like the natural look of the photo as well. I think you did a decent job with the challenging scenario of shooting into the sun.
The clouds have a really interesting dynamic going on. I like the contrast, the details are great. I also like the angle of the picture, it’s a neat perspective.
I really like the iridescent colors in the clouds where the sun is. There is a good layering effect going on also, where numerous different types of clouds are present at different elevations. I also like the fact that you kept the flatirons and trees in the bottom corner of the image to imply the location. Looks like it was a great day to take cloud pictures, great job!
The center of the image reminds me of sea ice floating in the ocean seen from above. I like like how you managed to frame a seemingly large portion of the sky into the image.
The large presence of clouds compliments the blue sky. I would possibly crop out the foreground.
A higher quality image would do this image more justice, ti looked

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.341238
Retrieved Text: 【形式ばった表現】 a cloud‐piercing mountain peak.
雲はもう散ってしまった. The clouds have now dissipated.
雲が出てきた. Clouds are gathering.｜The sky is getting overcast.
雲が晴れた. The clouds lifted [cleared].
雲が低く垂れている. The clouds are hanging low.
山陰から大きな雲がわき上がってきた. A huge cloud rose [raised its head] from behind the mountain.
空には一点の雲もない. There is not a speck of cloud in the sky.
a (veritable) giant of a man.
雲足が大そう早い. The clouds are moving fast.
The wind clears the sky from clouds.
The sky is clear from clouds.
The sun is obscured by a cloud.
The summit is under a cloud.
The moon is behind a cloud.
The summit is lost in the clouds.
The summit rises above the clouds.
The mountain soars to the sky.
The moon comes out from behind a cloud.
The clouds are driving across the sky.
He is out of his element.
I felt as if I were treading on air.
It is a visionary scheme―a chimerical scheme.
It is a wild-goose chase.
He fled God knows where.
He is a giant―a colossus―a towering figure―a soaring figure―an imposing figure―as tall as a steeple.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.331443
Retrieved Text: Clouds are a common sight across much of the country at this time of year. They bring snow and chilling rains, and form beautiful patterns as they drift by.
Clouds are common on the other planets of the solar system as well. Only Mercury, the planet closest to the Sun, is left out. And you can see several of these cloudy worlds at first light tomorrow.
The most prominent is Venus, the “morning star,” low in the southeast. Thanks to its clouds, you just can’t miss it. The clouds cover the entire planet, and reflect most of the sunlight that strikes them. They’re many miles thick, and they’re made mainly of sulfuric acid.
The clouds on Mars are made of something a little more familiar: water. But they’re mere wisps compared to the clouds on the other planets. Snow sometimes falls from the clouds, creating a fresh white blanket atop the orange landscape.
Mars is well to the upper right of Venus, beside the star Spica. One more cloudy world is about the same distance to Mars’s upper right: Jupiter, the giant of the solar system.
Jupiter is so big and spins so fast that most of its clouds are stretched into bands that encircle the globe. But some clouds form oval-shaped storms. The most prominent is the Great Red Spot, which has winds of a thousand miles per hour at its rim. But it’s not as great as it used to be. It’s been shrinking for several years — depriving Jupiter of some of the most interesting clouds in the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.319774
Retrieved Text: jesssa is using Smore newsletters to spread the word online.
Mammatus clouds are most often associated with the anvil clouds and also severe thunderstorms. They often extend from the base of a cumulonimbus, but may also be found under altocumulus, altostratus, stratocumulus, and cirrus clouds, as well as volcanic ash clouds.
Mammatus clouds mostly form after thunderstorms.
Mammatus clouds mostly form in balls after thunderstorms. People call them Cotton Balls cause the way they look.
Most Mammatus clouds usually stay in straight lines with multiple balls of clouds.
For a mammatus to form, the sinking air must be cooler than the air around it and have high liquid water or ice content. They derive their name from their appearance, like the bag-like sacs that hang beneath the cloud resemble cow's udders.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.304418
Retrieved Text: Clouds with a silver lining look quite spectacular. These pictures were shot with a Nokia N72, a fairly basic mobile phone camera, but even then the silhouetted dark clouds make an impact. However as they have been shot with a cell phone the pictures are small in size.
In the next two photographs the sun has come out of the clouds, and looks like a white shining ball resting on the clouds.
Here the clouds are not that dark or gloomy. A light blue sky forms the background and the sun's rays are spread out like a tiara from behind the clouds.
In this photo a slice of a dark hill can be seen in the foreground.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.27249
Retrieved Text: Many children first learn about clouds in kindergarten. They learn about the different types of clouds and how they change shape. They also learn about the types of weather that clouds produce, such as rain, sleet, snow and hail. The use of games and activities allow kindergartners to have fun while also learning about clouds.
Read to your kindergartners. “Little Cloud” by Eric Carle, “The Little Cloud” by Tomie de Paola, “ Nimby” by Jasper Thompkins and “Nimby the Raincloud” by Jack Read are good for defining and introducing the concept of clouds to the students. The children will enjoy the simple, clear text and colorful images of these books. Check with your school or local library for other children’s books about clouds.
Allow your students to make their own white cloud pictures. Provide your kindergarteners with pieces of light blue construction paper, glue and white cotton balls. Show the students how to stretch the cotton balls to create different cloud shapes. Another art activity is making crayon resist clouds. Draw clouds on white construction or drawing paper using white crayon. Supply the students with a cloud paper, paintbrushes and diluted blue paint. Have each child use the diluted blue paint to paint the paper and reveal the white clouds.
Cut different shapes of clouds out of white or gray paper. Try to make each shape resemble an animal or object. Put the cloud shapes into a box or bag. Have each kindergartener draw out a cloud shape and tell the other students what animal or object it looks

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.268292
Retrieved Text: Download Clouds wallpaper, 'Clouds 101'.
You are viewing the Clouds wallpaper named Clouds 101. It has been viewed 1053 times.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.264443
Retrieved Text: It’s northern noctilucent cloud season — perhaps a time to celebrate! Composed of small ice crystals forming only during specific conditions in the upper atmosphere, noctilucent clouds may become visible at sunset during late summer when illuminated by sunlight from below. Noctilucent clouds are the highest clouds known and now established to be polar mesospheric clouds observed from the ground. Although observed with NASA’s AIM satellite since 2007, much about noctilucent clouds remains unknown and so a topic of active research. The featured time-lapse video shows expansive and rippled noctilucent clouds wafting over Paris, France, during a post-sunset fireworks celebration on Bastille Day in 2009 July. This year, several locations are already reporting especially vivid displays of noctilucent clouds.
Posted on Tuesday, 10 July 2018 by VGC	This entry was posted in ifttt-photograph and tagged IFTTT, NASA. Bookmark the permalink.

================



======= Instance Index 93 =========
Input Text: Where did Puppigerus live?

Which is the correct answer?
- bog
- ocean
- land
- marsh

Target Text: ocean

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.179855
Retrieved Text: Who had the gall to come here in 54 BC and where did he go to afterwards?
Where did the East Saxons live?
What is the difference between a village and a pillage?
Why do we say 'robbing Peter to pay Paul'?
Where did the South Saxons live?
Where did Edward the Confessor build his abbey and palace?
Where did the Middle Saxons live?
Where did Christopher Wren buy his bun?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.3591385
Retrieved Text: Figure Golden Retrievers Golden Retriever Gallery selected just for you from where did golden retrievers come from , where did, source: thehappypuppysite.com.
Snapshot Wingold Sporting Dogs Golden Retrievers best for you from where did golden retrievers come from , where did all the good men go, where did henry morgan live in jamaica, where did hinduism originate, source: wingoldsportingdogs.com.
Figure Am CH Scion Fringe Benefit CD RE OA OAJ OD and Am GCH Tamarack Love special just for you from where did golden retrievers come from , where did memes start, where did hamburgers e from, where did harry potter live, source: pinterest.com.
Portrait Bounderhill Goldens Golden Retrievers Dark Red Golden Retrievers the most beautiful just for you from where did golden retrievers come from , where did, source: pinterest.com.
Figure Golden Retrievers Golden Retriever Gallery the most beautiful specifically for you from where did golden retrievers come from , source: thehappypuppysite.com.
Picture Nitro Golden Retrievers Little Valley NY best for you from where did golden retrievers come from , where did donald trump go to college, where did cleopatra vii live, where did i go wrong, source: nitrogoldens.com.
Illustration Golden Retrievers Golden Retriever Gallery leading specifically for you from where did golden retrievers come from , source: thehappypuppysite.com.
Picture Four Golden Retrievers are always better than one goldenretriever the best specifically for you from where did golden retrievers come from , source: pinterest.com.
Snapshot Golden Retriever Puppy goldenretrievermix goldenretrieverlove best just for you from where did golden retrievers come from , source: pinterest.com.
Photo Golden Retrievers Golden Retriever Gallery special specifically for you from

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.832609
Retrieved Text: Hunter gathers lived near the top right of scotland. Why was yhis a good place to live?
How would a hunter gather make an arrow?
How would they make a bow?
Where was Skara Brae located?
Why is Skara Brae so important to archaeologists?
How old is Skara Brae?
Skara Brae was built semi-subterranean. Why?
Why was Skara Brae so well preserved?
What kind of tools did they have?
What did people look like at Skara Brae?
When was Skara Brae built and occupied?
What did people of Skara Brae eat?
What do people believe the people of Skara Brae worshipped?
What did early farmers believe the gods controlled?
Where has a prehistoric goddess been found?
Where can a famous stone circle be found?
Who did Druids make sacrifices to?
What did hill forts provide?
What is a deskford camyx?
What did the Ballachulish figure show?
What evidence was there of farming in Iron Age?
What is a Roman Legion?
What are the disadvantages of being a Roman soldier?
What did they make to live in?
How did they get about on water?
What did they use to make bread?
What did people learn to do with each other?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.82433
Retrieved Text: christmas tree: 10 Remarkable Where To Buy A Living Christmas Tree. Where To Buy A Live Christmas Tree To Plant. Where To Buy A Live Christmas Tree. Where To Buy A Live Christmas Tree Near Mewhere To Buy A Live Christmas Tree To Plantwhere To Buy A Live Christmas Tree To Plant. Where To Buy A Living Christmas Tree. Where To Buy A Live Christmas Tree Near Me.
Monday 12th, November 2018 12:53:03: PM, christmas tree.
Where to buy live christmas tree near mewhere plantwhere plant. The singingree how did megachurch christmas spectaculars get so 111219_faith_singingtree crop promo xlarge2 whereo buy living live. Remarkable whereo buy living christmasree how care for your hgtv live. Where to buy living christmas tree live near mewherewhere.
O christmas tree treee280a6e2809d fort collins nursery where to buy live near mewhere. Remarkablee to buy living christmas tree clrsprcrew live near me. Where to buy live christmas tree near me mewhere.
Where to buy livetmas tree plant near mewhere plantwhere living. Christmas tree remarkable where to buy living the at first baptist church voted best holiday event al. The greenest christmas tree of all living mar 1_mharrington remarkable where toy.
Thoughts on 10 Remarkable Where To Buy A Living Christmas Tree?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.672957
Retrieved Text: He is a student in Beijing University.
They haven't got any children.
A: Where do you live, Susan?
B: I live in Shenzhen with my son.
A: A son? so you are married?
B: Yes. Well, actually... I am divorced.
A: Divorce! But you look so young. How old are you?
B: I am 23 years old.
A: Come to the table. Supper's ready.
B: Be there in a minute.
A: Where did Mark and your father go?
B: They are watching TV.
- "My little sister is so smart! She's only in nursery school and she can spell her namebackwards and forwards."
- "Really? What's her name?"
- Did you see me when I passed by?
- You never saw me before in your life, did you?
- Then how did you know it was me?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.592676
Retrieved Text: Toto's not in Kansas anymore. Or Omaha. Or, for that matter, anywhere on NBC's live broadcast of The Wiz.
In The Wiz Live, Dorothy's beloved dog is played by two recently rescued, 10-year-old cairn terriers named Scooter and Ralphie. Toto appeared in the opening number — and, since the tornado, has been AWOL. So, WHERE IS TOTO, NBC?
WHERE HAVE YOU GONE, TOTO?
Fans and viewers are desperate to know what happened to him. Did Toto die in the Tornado in this universe? Did Dorothy forget him in Munchkinland? Someone please find Toto.
The storm done took Toto on to glory.
But did she drop Toto off at doggy day care before the Tornado?
Everyone, be on the lookout for Toto; nobody else seems to care.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.490273
Retrieved Text: Title: How Should I Live In This World?
Sermon Handout: How Should I Live In This World?
Sermon Handout: What's The Solution?
Title: How Did The World Get So Messed Up?
Sermon Handout: How Did the World Get So Messed Up?
Sermon Handout: Where Did We Come From?
Title: Why Does It Matter What I Believe?
Sermon Handout: Why Does It Matter What I Believe?
Title: Do You Know Who You Are?
Sermon Handout: Do You Know Who You Are?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.462292
Retrieved Text: Interview with Guitar Virtuoso Richie Kotzen, Reigniting the Fire Within for New Live DVD!
Comments Off on Interview with Guitar Virtuoso Richie Kotzen, Reigniting the Fire Within for New Live DVD!
At the end of day, I’m happy we did it there; it doesn’t matter where we did it. It could have been in Hell, as long as it was a good show.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.43707
Retrieved Text: Does Donna Noble's dad play in any other movies?
How did the Doctor meet Donna Noble?
How to make a Sonic screwdriver?
Is it true that Russell T. Davies originally wanted Elton to be the main companion in Series 4?
When did Rose Tyler appear in "Partners in Crime"?
Where did Rose appear in "Partners in Crime"?
Where does Donna Noble live?
Where is Miss Foster from?
Why doesn't the doctor use other sonic devices?
Why was donna drawn to the doctor?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.42527
Retrieved Text: Why did they leave France and where did they go?
Why did they come to Britain (and Spitalfields specifically)?
What was Britain and London like at that time?
What work did they do and how did people train and get employment?
How did they live (food, income, family, health, training and community)?
What traces can you find of the Huguenots in your local area?
How many French people had become Protestant by the 17th Century?
What was the population of France at the time?
What professions were the Huguenots forbidden to enter? (name three).
What were the soldiers called who were sent to live in the homes of Protestant families with the aim of bullying them to convert back to Catholicism?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.398513
Retrieved Text: What’s Brussels like to live and work in?
You weren’t forcing anything, that kind of feeling?
You worked with Dreamtrak, what did he give you as a producer?
So was there pressure to go with someone else from the label?
There are five of you this time with the addition of keyboardist James Balmont, did they affect how you wrote?
Has it affected how you present yourselves live?
What kind of record is this lyrically?
Finally, where did Mothers come from as a title?
Swim Deep’s new album Mothers is out now.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.397672
Retrieved Text: What does "Land of Opportunity" mean? What kind of opportunities are there in the United States?
What do you think particularly attracts people to the United States as a tourist destination or a place to live?
Have you visited the United States? Where did you visit? What kind of differences did you notice there?
Do you want to visit the United States? Where would you like to visit? Why?
Do you think the United States is really a "Land of Opportunity" where people can live the "American Dream"?
What kind of events make you think twice about going to the United States?
Explain what the "American Dream" means to you.
based on your analysis, would you be likely to move to the USA with your free Green Card?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.359498
Retrieved Text: Surely you do not live down in the dark earth where there is no sunshine?
How would you like to live down there in the deep green water?
Well, that is all very well for Jill to do; she has a real heartache to live down.
To live down the past and erase the errors, live boldly the present.
You know the extras all live down in the big bungalow I had built for them.
They are men who live down through to the spirit and the poetry of their calling.
"Oh, I don't like it that my Mama should live down here," she declared.
Morley insisted that I should live down here, under his eye.
Did the folks at Rackville think they might live down near the bay?
Rum as the name of our old village where we used to live down in Essex.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.352669
Retrieved Text: In front of 'her' seat.
He did it just to save money to buy chocolates for her..
Girl: do u wanna live with me?
Girl: if i leave u then will u cry?
Girl got hurt n started 2 cry.
U r not pretty but beautiful.
I dint want 2 live without u but live 4 u.
When u leave me i will not cry but die.
But he still kept the picture.
"Where did u get this?"
But why r U asking?"
"I lost this picture when I was 7..."
who loved a man & lost him.
Boy: Waiter, bring separate bills.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.332221
Retrieved Text: The National Statistical Service Law establishes that: Art. 18 "The information collected by the Direcci?n General de Estad?stica y Censos is strictly reserved. It cannot be used for purposes of taxation or judicial investigations".
1. What is the predominant material in the exterior walls of the dwelling?
2. What is the predominant material used in the roof of the dwelling?
For responses 3 - 6, end the interview here.
4. What is the predominant material used in the floor of the dwelling?
5. What type of toilet facilities does the dwelling have?
7. Where does the water used come from?
8. Are there water supply fixtures?
9. What is the principal fuel used for cooking?
10. What type of lighting is used in the dwelling?
11a. How many rooms does the household have, not counting bath, hallway, kitchen or garage?
11b. Of the total rooms, how many are used as bedrooms?
11c. Is there a separate room exclusively for cooking?
12. What is the form of tenure of the dwelling?
13. Which of the following appliances and/or vehicles are there in the dwelling?
14. How is garbage removed?
15. Does anyone living here do artisan (handicraft) activities or home-based industry in the dwelling?
III. Composition of the family(ies) who live in the household1. Who habitually lives in this household?
Write the name and surname of each person who lives in the dwelling, including children, elderly people, newborns, disabled people, and those members of the family who habitually live in this dwelling but are absent due to vacation, work, business or illness and those domestic employees (male or female) who sleep here.
Check to make sure

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.328146
Retrieved Text: 1. Retell the Bushfire Escape story in your own words.
2. Where does Ella live?
3. What was her family’s bushfire plan?
4. How did Ella feel about leaving her house?
5. Where did Ella’s family go?
6. Describe the support Ella’s family got from the community.
7. How long did the family have to wait before they could go back to their house?
8. What damage was done to Ella’s property?
9. What happened to Ella’s school?
10. How did this story make you feel?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.326961
Retrieved Text: Marquez (1927 – 2014) died a few days ago. I have not read any of his novels but was familiar with them from some audio tapes. The quote above is profound, relaying that we can continually re-create ourselves—at least to some extent. In an ideal world, individuals would live in situations where this was possible, where they could actualize their potential and develop their talents.
Unfortunately, we live in a world of pain, poverty, greed, lying, imprisonment and other injustices—in a world where most lack the basic necessities while others have more than is good for them; where politicians deny people health care and willingly enslave and exploit others for profit. How should we respond? I don’t know. We try to enlighten the little spec of reality in which we live, knowing that our efforts are feeble against the weight of an infinite universe.
So is the problem in the stars or in ourselves? It is in both. We are thrown into a reality that we did not make with a nature we did not choose, drifting along the current, paddling, grasping, thinking and hoping … that somehow we can change both the stars and ourselves. Hoping that everything can be continually and more perfectly, reborn.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.305487
Retrieved Text: This was for the Songfight Live-Boston 2005 event, and Hoblit, Ken, Frankie and Fluffy gave great backing on short notice. Awesome! Once the live recording is available it'll be linked here.
Meanwhile, here's a studio version I did for the online fight. A bit epic for it's own good, perhaps, but that's always a problem.
and did you build a shiny shelf?
where can I go to drink a drink or three?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.283765
Retrieved Text: Did you attend the bash?
Did you catch Atomic Kitten live?
Did you attend the awards?
This was one for the mums!
Did you enjoy a cuppa with us?
Will you try this brunch?
Here's a new brunch to try!
You know where to go for your make up fix!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.244776
Retrieved Text: Who was Vlad III (Vlad the Impaler)? When did he live? How and where did he die? What is the connection between Vlad III and the folklore and fiction surrounding vampires? Where do vampires come from? With Searching for the Real Dracula, kids can explore these and other questions and mysteries surrounding the legendary figure of Count Dracula.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.2317705
Retrieved Text: Are you making an effort not to live? Do you avoid decisions, people or places? Do you allow fear to control your choices and actions? Is there something you would like to do that you keep putting off? What does it mean to "live"? If you are not "living" now, then when was the last time you felt that you were living? Who was in your life, or out of your life? Where did you live, what did an average day look like to you? As it stands, are you feeling alive or worn out? If you are worn out, take an inventory of your life. Are you making an effort to live, or not live? If you are making an effort to live then keep going, but if you are not, then start today. Do one thing that moves you in the direction of living your life. If I can do it, you can do it!
Take care and stay encouraged!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.227432
Retrieved Text: For out-and-out innovation, BBDO New York's 'Live Looper' for Downtown Records sets the bar high. It takes a potential flaw (the several second delay in Facebook Live) and converts it to a tool for new creativity.
No wonder it worked its magic on the Cresta jury and took the Grand Prix for interactive.
But how did this project, which promotes the indy band The Academic with an unprecedented form of multi-tracked live performance, actually work? We put our questions to Pol Hoenderboom who, with Bart Mol, was the creative team at the heart of the work.
Pol: 'The beauty of this project was also its biggest challenge: It's a live performance. We knew that if one little thing would go wrong it would be repeated loop after loop, a nerve wrecking thought.
Overall there were so many things that all had to come together in the end.
First we had to rewrite the whole track to match Facebook's delay. Next to that we had to find a way to keep the build-up of the song interesting, as loops easily can become repetitive.
How long did it take to get the band on-board and how did you work with them to get ready for the recording?
Pol: 'It was incredibly difficult to explain the exact idea, you basically have to see it to get it. From our first internal meeting to even an hour before going live, there was always at least one person confused about what we were talking about. It felt like we were constantly talking about two different 'live' experiences. What

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.1891
Retrieved Text: We live in many worlds at once. The present world, of course. We live in the near future world, where the next choice we make creates the next present world. At the same time, we can be in old haunts, and in our minds, we now inhabit past worlds. Or our minds will imagine us living in worlds that don’t exist. Imaginary worlds. Worlds where we win the lottery, where we avoid past defeats, or we turn out different than we did. We live in worlds with fears and worlds with hopes, where the invisible things around the corner or over the hill shape our world even if we never encounter it.
We inhabit the world and the objects around us, but we live in many worlds at once. For our lives in the world are a function of mind, and with our thoughts we make the worlds.
This entry was posted in new! and tagged Posterous. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.187592
Retrieved Text: part2 a school friend you like.
Part1 where do you live? Do u know your neighbors? Is it a good place for famlies with children? Do u like taking photos by mobile phones or by cameras？What things do u take photos of? Will u learn more about photography? Which time do u concentrate better, morning or evening? Can u concentrate when you were a kid? How to improve your concentration?
Part2 how did ur first mobile phone change ur life? When did u get it? Why did u want it?
Part3 disadvantages about cell phone? Who likes cell phones better,young people or old people? Why do cell phones so important since computers already existed? Why do people choose to text messages instead of talking face to face? How to change the situation that people are addicted to social networks?
Part3 do you like to sing?do u think singing well is an advantage,why? Music industry. How well it develop?do u think their goal is to make good music or to make money?
Part1 full time; live in what part of china;where parents live; whether have a break after working or studying; how and the feeling after break.
Part2. A book you last read; when,what and why.
P1flat or house season friends sports.
part2, describe a city u once visit.
People can live and work anywhere they want to choose, because of improved communication technology and transport, do the advantages of this development outweigh disadvantages?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.183233
Retrieved Text: Dan Buettner is a National Geographic Fellow and multiple New York Times bestselling author. He’s discovered the five places in the world – dubbed “Blue Zones” – where people live the longest, and are healthiest. Dan’s TED Talk “How to live to be 100+” has been viewed over 3 million times.
What are the Blue Zones and where are they located?
How did the name Blue Zones come to be?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.17656
Retrieved Text: "I have Ubuntu 12.04 LTS and tex live directly from the net installed"
Did you install Ubuntu TeX Live or the Vanilla/TUG TeX Live?
Only the later have tlmgr, which will be installed automatically.
where does this 'runme.sh' come from?
I need that to install tlmgr.
I have Ubuntu 12.04 LTS and tex live directly from the net installed.
And how can I find the root of the installation ?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.170064
Retrieved Text: Send us your story - relate how you experienced the Berlin Wall.
Tell your story of the Berlin Wall!
Share your memory with us and others who can't imagine anymore what it was like to live with the Berlin Wall.
Do you remember where the Berlin Wall used to be?
Do you still live with the wall in your head?
Did you witness the building of the Wall?
Where you forced to guard the Berlin Wall?
Was the Berlin Wall just a traffic nuisance with lots of graffiti?
Did you feel protected or threatened by the Wall?
The Wandering Buoy is a mobile sculpture for marking places of historic or personal interest.
Starting August 13 through November 9 the Wandering Buoy will be on tour around Berlin, along where the Berlin Wall once stood. It will stop where ever there is a story to be told in connection with the Berlin Wall.
If you want to tell your own 'Story on the Wall' - the Wandering Buoy will come to the place you point out and will tell your story on its LED-screen.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.163161
Retrieved Text: - Security Question - What was your childhood nickname? In what city did you meet your spouse/significant other? What is the name of your favorite childhood friend? What street did you live on in third grade? What is the middle name of your youngest child? What is your oldest sibling's middle name? What school did you attend for sixth grade? What is your oldest cousin's first and last name? What was the name of your first stuffed animal? In what city or town did your mother and father meet? What was the last name of your third grade teacher? Where does your nearest sibling live? What is your youngest brother's birthday? What was the name of your elementary / primary school? What is your maternal grandmother's maiden name? In what city or town was your first job?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.158836
Retrieved Text: Remember Forgot Password? New Member Signup!
PinCode Select What was your childhood nickname? In what city did you meet your spouse/significant other? What is the name of your favorite childhood friend? What street did you live on in third grade? What is the middle name of your oldest child? What is your oldest sibling's middle name? What school did you attend for sixth grade? What is your oldest cousin's first and last name? What was the name of your first stuffed animal? In what city or town did your mother and father meet? What was the last name of your third grade teacher? In what city does your nearest sibling live? In what city or town was your first job? Where were you when you first heard about 9/11?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.157274
Retrieved Text: What does your taste in music say about your personality? Find out with this quiz! This psychology test will tell you how other people see you based on what types of music you listen to. Results are instant, free, and anonymous.
Have a web page? Link to me! You can also link to your results.
Want to learn more? You can read answers to frequently asked questions about the music study.
Below are a list of different music genres. Please indicate the extent to which you like listening to each of them using the scale below. After you’ve answered all the questions, please click "submit" at the bottom.
Here are a number of personality traits that may or may not apply to you. Please select a number next to each statement to indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with that statement. Each trait is clarified by a number of characteristics, so you should rate the extent to which the set as a whole applies to you generally, even if some characteristics apply more strongly than others.
Have you ever previously filled out this particular questionnaire on this site?
What is your primary cultural or racial identification?
In what country did you spend most of your youth?
What state/province did you spend most of your youth?
What is the zip-code/postal code of the place where you spent most of your youth?
How much did you like living there?
In what state/province do you currently live?
What is the zip-code/postal code of the place where you currently live?
How much do you like where you currently live?
Where would

================



======= Instance Index 91 =========
Input Text: Living things can all

Which is the correct answer?
- reproduce asexually
- create a progeny
- produce spores
- find mates

Target Text: create a progeny

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.187577
Retrieved Text: 3. LIVING THINGS CAN GROW, MOVE AND NEED FOOD. People, animals and plants are living things.
5. Viviparous animals are born from their mother’s womb. Oviparous animals are born from an egg. Plants are born from seeds.
6. A seed grows to become a tree. A baby grows to become an adult.
7. A puppy grows to become a dog. A chic grows to become a hen. A tadpole grows to become a frog.
8. When living things reproduce, they make other living things with the same characteristics.
9. All living things die.
11. All living things need a place to live.
12. VITAL FUNCTIONS Nutrition Humans and animals cannot make their own food. Plants can make their own food. Photosynthesis is the process by which plants make their food.
13. Interaction Reproduction All animals interact with other animals. We use our senses to interact with other things. Animals make new animals with the same characteristics. Plants produce seeds from which other plants grow.
15. NON - LIVING THINGS CAN’T GROW, MOVE AND DON’T NEED FOOD A table, a car, a pencil, a house, a doll, a fan, mountains and clouds are non-living things.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.038671
Retrieved Text: Living things need air to stay alive.
Living things need pen to stay alive.
Living things need water to stay alive.
Living things need pencil to stay alive.
Living things need food to stay alive.
Living things need chair to stay alive.
All animals and plants are living things.
Living things can move on their own.
Living things cannot move on their own.
Animals move from one place to another in search of food and shelter.
Plants move from one place to another in search of food and shelter.
Animals move from one place to another in search of chair and table.
Green plants make their own food.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.818225
Retrieved Text: So, if you’d like to acquire all these amazing shots about (10 Awesome Things You Can Learn From Abbyson Living Breckinridge Top Grain Leather Power Reclining Sofa | Abbyson Living Breckinridge Top Grain Leather Power Reclining Sofa), click on save icon to save these graphics to your personal pc. There’re ready for down load, if you appreciate and wish to get it, just click save logo on the web page, and it’ll be instantly downloaded to your home computer.} Lastly in order to gain new and recent image related with (10 Awesome Things You Can Learn From Abbyson Living Breckinridge Top Grain Leather Power Reclining Sofa | Abbyson Living Breckinridge Top Grain Leather Power Reclining Sofa), please follow us on google plus or book mark the site, we try our best to give you regular update with fresh and new pics. We do hope you love keeping here. For some upgrades and recent news about (10 Awesome Things You Can Learn From Abbyson Living Breckinridge Top Grain Leather Power Reclining Sofa | Abbyson Living Breckinridge Top Grain Leather Power Reclining Sofa) photos, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark area, We try to present you update regularly with all new and fresh images, like your searching, and find the ideal for you.
Thanks for visiting our website, contentabove (10 Awesome Things You Can Learn From Abbyson Living Breckinridge Top Grain Leather Power Reclining Sofa | Abbyson Living Breckinridge Top Grain Leather Power Reclining Sofa) published

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.768801
Retrieved Text: The world consists of both living and non living things. Any object that does not possess “Life” or living characteristics is a non living thing. A living cell is made up of a number of organic and inorganic chemical substances that are themselves nonliving, yet when present in the living body become vital constituents.
The most important characteristic of nonliving things is the absence of protoplasm, the fundamental basis of life. For example, cells are absent in stones or any non living things.
Due to the absence of protoplasm, no metabolic activities are possible in the nonliving things.
The structural organization like tissue, organ or system is never found in nonliving things.
The nonliving things usually do not have any definite form or size of their own. Liquids assume the shape of the container. A liquid like water when heated changes into the gaseous state or can be even frozen into the solid state and thus it has no definite form.
The movement, if observed, is never automatic but occurs under any other external influence.
Another Characteristics of Non-living things is that growth occurs by accretion, i.e. by addition of materials from outside. For example a crystal in a solution or a snowball may grow larger in size due to the accumulation of particles of its own unit on the outer surface of the original body.
The absence of nutrition, excretion, respiration, reproduction, irritability and adaptation are the characteristics of nonliving things.
The unlimited duration of existence or immortality is a vital characteristic of nonliving things.
All non living matters on the earth can be

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.510669
Retrieved Text: Students lay a frame over a small square of ground (beach, meadow, park, grassy area, school grounds), and record every living thing they can find. Optional: link the living things into a food web.
Out in the schoolyard/park/beach, give each pair or group of students a transect (a square of pipe cleaners or a loop of string).
Ask them to place the transect on the ground in any place they wish. If string needs be staked out, help younger students with this.
Tell students that scientists taking surveys will have a larger transect of 1m by 1m, and they will take all day to take their survey.
Students draw a square in their notebooks on the worksheet, and then map out what they see in their transect. They should draw the shapes of rocks and large plants/seaweed, and the location of all the other living things they can find. Help students identify species of seaweed, animals or plants using field guides.
Students should try to find every living thing in the square, and may need teaching to slow down and look ever more closely. There is always one more thing to find, and given time students will notice things that they did not see to start.
At the side of their species map, students can use a Key to write out the species names, with a letter abbreviation, which can be used to label the map e.g. R=rockweed.
Gather as a group and combine data to write all the living things that they have found on a board. Ask students who eats who

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.43391
Retrieved Text: Best decorative things for living room decoration youtube is just one of the many collections of images or photos on this website. There are approximately 84229 images that exist in our database associated with this post. This post of "best decorative things for living room decoration youtube" was uploaded by douglas on 23-09-2018 and posted on the dedishop.co website with category Living Room Decoration and has been viewed some 32,980 times.
This pictures of "best decorative things for living room decoration youtube" is from the above 1280x720 resolutions which is part of the Living Room Decoration directory, Download this wallpapers for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Best decorative things for living room decoration youtube can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
This is a wallpaper related to best decorative things for living room decoration youtube, there are approximately 84229 wallpapers related to this living room decoration photos gallery. Please see the details below and click on the title for more information..
50 best living room decorating ideas for small spaces 2019 youtube is photo about Living Room Decorating Ideas For

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.418244
Retrieved Text: Earth is a single largest living planet in the solar system. On this, we can see biodiversity and living and non-living things. Earth fulfills the essential needs of living organisms like air, water, food, shelter, and natural resources. But when the population exceeds, man uses natural resources abruptly by their external activities like deforestation, agricultural development, industrial development, mining, nuclear weapons, and transportation. All these activities increase waste gases like carbon oxide, nitrogen oxides, sulfur oxides, and poisons gases. So nature has got imbalanced and has got polluted. And therefore, it is creating natural hazards like drought, flood, earthquake, volcanoes. These hazards can damage and destroy living and non living things. So we have to stop these hazards by establishing better conditions by afforestation, treatment of industrial waste and stopping unnecessary mining. When we will maintain the healthy condition of the earth, it will give us good nature and living things.
Name A. Ajayakumar Class X School Name & Address K.N.S.C.High School Ittigi, Ittigi, Ittigi (Post), Huvina Hadagali (Taluk) Bellary (Dist) Name of the District & State Bellary, Karnataka Name of the Mentor Teacher Shashidhar Goud S.
Earth is a single largest living planet in the solar system. On this, we can see biodiversity and living and non-living things.
How Do We Know That Planet Earth Is Round?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.368875
Retrieved Text: Grow and don't have sense organs. In this chapter we will study about the both living and non-living things.
Growth is the main characteristic features of living things. A boy grows as a man, a girl grows as a woman, a baby grows as an adult one, a small plant grows to a tree. These all are the examples of the growth of living things.
However, proper growth of a living thing can not be possible without proper food. In fact, rate of growth of a living body depends on growth hormones. But our body cannot produce proper growth of hormones without proper food.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.356208
Retrieved Text: First, a quick word about what "respiration" is not.
Not all living things need to "breathe", in the sense that you and I breathe. Most living things don't have lungs, for a start!
The Great Challenge called "Respiration" is not about drawing air into the organism's body.
Respiration is the process by which all living things, except viruses, provide themselves with the energy to do all the other things which make us call the organism alive.
For many organisms, including plants, the chemistry is as follows: The organism converts food and oxygen into carbon dioxide and water... and converts some of the chemical energy in the food+oxygen into other forms... forms which make it possible for the organism to do things.
What does the organism do with the energy it has obtained from the food+oxygen? That is what the rest of this essay will one day be about. How many of the things living things do can you list? Do you see how energy is needed?
Obtaining the food and the oxygen is part of the subject of the Great Challenge "Assimilation"; getting rid of the carbon dioxide and water is part of the subject "Excretion".

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.339138
Retrieved Text: The three fundamental propositions of classical cell theory are that the cell is the most basic unit of life, all life is made up of cells and cells are formed only by other cells. Each tenet of this theory is important to understanding the way living things function on every level.
The first proposition, that the cell is the most basic component of living things, can be observed directly. Single-celled organisms are well known and may comprise the bulk of Earth's living biomass. Any unit, such as a tissue, that can be broken down still further cannot be regarded as basic. Units more simple than a cell, however, cannot truly be said to be alive. A cell's organelles, for example, function only in the context of their cellular environment.
From this it follows that all life must be made up of cells. Cells build tissues, tissues make organs, organs are organized into systems and these systems make up the bodies of organisms. Across the domains of life, whether eukaryotic or prokaryotic, all living things can be described in terms of their cells.
Finally, the cell theory posits that the origin of a living cell must be a result of the action of another living cell. Cells do not spontaneously form, and they are too complicated to self-assemble.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.31076
Retrieved Text: This week in Social Studies, we have been learning about Child Labour in many different countries. In groups we have to decide which country we we're going to investagate on and find all information including working conditions, why their doing this etc.
In Science class we have been learning a bunch of different things. First, we were learning about Living and Non-living things. Our teacher Mr Tyagi was helping us understand the differences between them.
Non-living are things are basically, dead and not alive. Things like, Peanut butter, Chocolate, a Chair and a phone are all non-living things. Sand and glass were never part of a living thing but Paper, it came from trees, and trees are living and trees feature some of the Seven Characteristics. Reproduction, Sensitivity, Movement, Respiration, Growth, Nutrition and Excretion are the Seven Characteristics.
Living things are things that are alive and that ain't dead. Some living things may be a Human, Dog, Cat and etc. For example, A dog features some of the seven characteristics. It can Growth, Sense, Move, Eat, and Excrete.
This is my Context brainstorm I had to do in ICT.
My E=Portfolio is going to be used visually showcae the work that I will do in Technology this year. My blog will be used to reflect on my learning in Technology. The year 10 Digitech Google+ community, will be used to collaborate with other students about the work we completed in Digitech. We will be developing a game relating too Sustanability. We have been trialing a game to learn new skills in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.299909
Retrieved Text: The Wetland Biodiversity field trip directly involves learning that is supported by information and communication technology (ICT).
Levels 1-2: Build their language and develop their understandings of the many ways the natural world can be represented.
Level 2: Recognise that all living things have certain requirements so they can stay alive.
Level 3-4: Recognise that there are life processes common to all living things and that these occur in different ways.
Levels 2: Recognise that living things are suited to their particular habitat.
Level 3-4: Explain how living things are suited to their particular habitat and how they respond to environmental changes, both natural and human-induced.
Level 2-4: Appreciate that water, air, rocks and soil and lifeforms make up our planet and recognise these are also Earth’s resources.
Level 1: Understand how places in New Zealand are significant for individuals and groups.
Level 2: Understand how places influence people and people influence places.
Level 3: Understand how groups make and implement rules | Understand how people view and use places differently.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.231342
Retrieved Text: While technically you can compost anything that was once living, for better compost and less hassle, here are 10 things you should not put in your compost pile. While technically you can compost anything that was living, for better compost and less hassle, here are 10 things you should not put in your compost pile.... Potager Bio Wooden Compost Bin Pallet Compost Bins Build Compost Bin Composting Bins Garden Compost How To Compost Homemade Compost Bin Composting Methods Forward Step Beg Explain patiently to professional carpenter husband over several months that current compost bins are old and too small and in the wrong place.
12 Simple DIY Compost Bin Projects [Picture Instructions] It is necessary for most gardeners to have a composer for garden, recycle all the vegetables and fruit trash and even animal discharges for garden fertilizer of later use. And now you don�t have to spend money on purchasing a compost bin with these affordable and easy to DIY instructions, and most of them from recycled household... While technically you can compost anything that was once living, for better compost and less hassle, here are 10 things you should not put in your compost pile. While technically you can compost anything that was living, for better compost and less hassle, here are 10 things you should not put in your compost pile.
Avoid animal feces of any kind which can contain pathogens, especially cat and dog litter. Other than that, you can place all sorts of material into compost: Other than that, you can place all

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.148455
Retrieved Text: Most students understand the need to protect the environment. However, not all students recognize that we need to care and show respect for our natural world. Each person can have a great impact on the lives of other living things. They can do this by understanding that our decisions and activities have a huge impact on the physical and living environment. They need to recognize that they, individually, can make a difference.
This entry was posted in Gr 1-3 Science & Tech and tagged environment, living things. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.136967
Retrieved Text: Eclectic style is one of the most unique and most creative style mixtures that you can choose for your living space and it allows you to combine ordinary strict styles in a way that you would not necessary think possible. While this particular approach leaves a lot of room for creativity and combinations, it does come with certain limits and tricks that can be easy to miss if you don’t pay attention. Creating a perfect eclectic style combination in your living room is, therefore, somewhat complex and here are some tips and ideas that can help you out in creating the perfect living room setting in eclectic style.
One of the greatest things about eclectic style is that it does not require a uniform approach to the overall setting and it allows you to combine different furniture elements from different styles. All this means that you can essentially create just the look that you really like. With all this said, there are some common mistakes that become self-evident only when you finish all the work. Certain style elements can easily overshadow others and become too dominant. This creates an illusion of having your living room essentially split into two. Postmodern and modern furniture is the common culprit in this. Things like glass tables and leather sofas can quickly cloud the entire room. Make sure that your living room is not overly covered with one specific type of furniture and accessories so much as to drown out all other elements in your living room.
There are certain styles that

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.131465
Retrieved Text: • Fungi are some of the most important living things on Earth.
• ‘Fungi’ just means more than one fungus.
• They are like the ‘internet of the forest’, keeping plants and microscopic animals connected to each other in ways that help them all to grow.
• Mycelium can stretch for miles and attach itself to all kinds of things from dead wood and rocks to living plant roots and micro-organism colonies.
This is how the fungus eats, but it can also use its mycelium to share food around to other living things connected to it! How generous is that!?
in Oregon, USA that stretches for two miles!
Eatin dead wood tastes so good.
Recorded at: Twisty Pole Studios - Rotorua, NZ & Casa-del-Mal - St Kilda, VIC.
Thanks to Paul Stamets and Jaide & Daniel Stronggrove for inspiring this one!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.076653
Retrieved Text: Simple living can help us focus on demonstrating the value of Jesus.
Have you ever asked how you might accomplish more for the Kingdom? Simple living is at least part of the answer. This allows us to be more focused on what’s most important. Instead of continually being preoccupied with things that distract, streamlining life can position 0ur lives for Kingdom work.
With cars, internet, vacations, computers, cell-phones, medical costs, entertainment, eating out, toys, clothes, pets, houses, real estate taxes, insurance, upkeep on the stuff we own, and so on, we spend lots of money. Each of us has a certain personal standard of living or, as I call it, a lifestyle disposition.
I use the term “lifestyle disposition” because it goes beyond the money. It includes the far-reaching effects of our spending habits like time, energy, stress/health, availability, and so forth. These are valuable resources that either serve our priorities or detract from them. And simple living can free up our resources.
There is only so much “space” in our lives. Through a simple lifestyle, we can use more of that “space” for the mission we’re on. If we long to be engaged in a serving Christ with all we have and are, we need to get rid of things that would slow us down.
Seeing life through the eyes of a soldier is a good way to look at simple living. While life may not be easy, the basic needs are provided so he can focus on the mission. Food, clothing, shelter, medicine, etc. are provided in such a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.990529
Retrieved Text: There are a lot of people who anticipate purchasing a single-family home when they think about starting their own family or living alone. If you are considering your next home purchase, you may want to consider living in a condominium instead. There are condos for sale in brentwood that are truly luxurious that you will dive right into the condominium life.
As a potential homeowner, you should not overlook the potential benefits that you can get. Are you curious to know what are the benefits you can get from condo living? These are some of the things that you should consider. Who knows, after you know the benefits, you will be looking forward to checking Maser Condo Sales.
Living in a single-detached home will require you to take good care of your lawn and the rest of your plants. When you live in a condo, you can still have plants inside your condominium but they will be easier to keep alive. One of the greatest things about living in a condo is the management will be in charge of the things that need to be maintained. The only thing that you have to do is to keep track of the schedule.
One of the things that you can enjoy when you are living in a condominium is that you would like to get party rooms, pools, facilities, and so much more. The people can also enjoy the extra security that they can get because condo units usually have security guards situated in almost every area available. This is to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.90694
Retrieved Text: I believe that the meaning of life… is to live.
I live on the Gold Coast Queensland with my handsome husband Harry, my little cheeky boy Freddy and my beautiful baby girl Frankie. We also adopted a huge four legged family.. Two wolfies, two cows, four Piggies and a turtle.
I have one goal in life and that is to fully live it .I want to lead by example for my children so they grow up living the best life they possibly can filling it with fun, love and adventure. I have created a list of all the big things like seeing new countries and all the small things like staying home and making muffins . I believe the small things as well as the big things are wonderful ways to enjoy living this gift of life.
I love to capture the journey along the way knowing my children can look back on all our memories and I love to share them in hopes that I can inspire you to fill your life with all the precious moments both big and small .

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.888387
Retrieved Text: Bibliotherapy- the use of CBT-based life skills resources are a NICE recommended approach for helping people with mild to moderately severe depression.
Our award-winning range of books are also available as Kindle and Apple iBooks. You can print off our PDF cards to share recommended titles with your clients. Click on the ‘Recommend to Client’ button to access the specific PDF card for that book.
One of the greatest challenges to feeling better is to work out why we feel as we do. Step by step this small but powerful 32 page booklet clearly helps you understand the impact of distress on five key areas of your life. Understanding gives us hope that we can change. With associated online worksheets that can be downloaded and printed directly via links in the book, this booklet can help provide that hope by showing you what you can do to improve things. This book is part of an 8 session online course at www.llttf.com and the Living Life to the Full series of books. Also consider; Write all over your bathroom mirror, Why do I feel so bad, I can’t be bothered doing anything, Why does everything always go wrong, I’m not good enough, How to fix almost everything, The things you do that mess you up, Are you strong enough to keep your temper and 10 things you can do to feel happier straight away.
The worse you feel, the less you do and the less you do the worse you feel. This 44 page small but powerful book brings together

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.797934
Retrieved Text: It’s been a few months since we upsized into a bigger apartment and I’m realising I learned a lot from our first small home.
We lived in our 500-square foot apartment for three years. It had one bedroom, a bathroom, and an open plan living room and kitchen. We lived, worked, entertained guests, and relaxed in one room. We lived comfortably for two and half years but that last six months started to test our patience. You know when you need a really good stretch? It felt like that except there wasn’t enough room to. We were living with the bare essentials and there still wasn’t enough space, it was time to move.
A lot of lessons were learned in those three years. "Living small” definitely made me realise what really matters in a home; what’s important and what isn’t. It taught me how to create a space you love to live in, no matter how small. I’m sharing what I’ve learned from living in a tiny apartment.
There is no way you can live in a 500-square-foot home and not be organised. Small spaces get messy fast. Decluttering regularly is essential; anything you notice getting in the way or going unused needs to be donated or thrown away. Get rid of as much as you can. Everything else must be given a home and stored properly, and every day tidying needs to be done. Tidying doesn't take long in a small space but if you don’t return things to their place your home will look cluttered, even if

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.778566
Retrieved Text: Awesome Interior Design Ideas For Kitchen And Living Room Astonishing Kitchen Living Room Design Together With Kitchen – These are however three of the countless styles for enhancing your house interior. There is absolutely one for just you. You could familiarize on your own with their features of shade, floor covering, home furnishings as well as accessories by browsing with resources of house interior design. Maintaining your preferences as well as rate of interests uppermost in your mind, you will certainly be able to absolutely no in on a design that would fit you completely.
The Awesome Interior Design Ideas For Kitchen And Living Room Astonishing Kitchen Living Room Design Together With Kitchen image above with the size 1024 x 768 is part of the best post in the Interior Design, Uploaded on October, 24 2017 by the author. You can see a gallery of photos other Types of Interior Design, at the bottom of the Awesome Interior Design Ideas For Kitchen And Living Room Astonishing Kitchen Living Room Design Together With Kitchen pictures. The interior design ideas for kitchen and living room could be the great concept for your home style troubles. Our company believe that interior design ideas for kitchen and living room is just one of finest interior style concepts of the years, we comprehend that you are searching for things that are associated to Great Interior Design Ideas For Kitchen And Living Room, so we attempt to help you by offering an introduction of feasible styles which could enhance your appearance to the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.77587
Retrieved Text: What is a living thing? Living things are made of cells. They need food, air, water and a place to live. And they grow, reproduce and respond to their environment. Living Things encourages children to explore the characteristics and basic needs of living things.
Children age five to nine will learn by doing with these 13 hands-on science activities. They grow plants with tattoos to find out about photosynthesis. They turn kitchen utensils into beaks and discover why birds eat what they do. They also raise insects to study metamorphosis and life cycles, create a mini-habitat out of a pop bottle, start a flower collection, and more. All activities are safe and require only easy-to-find equipment and minimal supervision.
Clear explanations and a special page for parents and teachers provide information to help you answer kids’ challenging questions.
You can order this title from your local bookstore.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.7558365
Retrieved Text: The Stunning Furniture For Large Living Room Things To Consider When Decorating Large Living Room is one of the pictures that are related to the picture before in the collection gallery. The exactly dimension of Stunning Furniture For Large Living Room Things To Consider When Decorating Large Living Room is 600×405 pixels published by brian. You can also look for some pictures that related of Home Design Ideas by scroll down to collection on below this picture. If you want to find the other picture or article about Furniture For Large Living Room just push the gallery or if you are interested in similar pictures of Stunning Furniture For Large Living Room Things To Consider When Decorating Large Living Room, you are free to browse through search feature that located on top this page or random post section at below of this post. We hope it can help you to get information of this furniture for large living room.
This kind of image of Stunning Furniture For Large Living Room Things To Consider When Decorating Large Living Room is a part of chairs for living room clearance, chairs for living room ikea, furniture for living room, and just one of our Picture Collection we have to Home Design Ideas in this site. If you’re inspired, amazed and charmed by this Stunning Furniture For Large Living Room Things To Consider When Decorating Large Living Room, you can download it by right-clicking it and click save image as. We hope that, by posting this Stunning Furniture For Large Living

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.7243
Retrieved Text: Living room is the best gathering place in a house. The living room is for everyone who visit the house. In the living room they can get entertainment which is provided. Living room should be designed well. You have to design the living room to be comfortable for everyone. You and your family do much stuff in the living room. Talking, sharing, watching, playing, joking is some activity you might have in a living room. When designing a living room, you have to consider some things. The things you have to consider are the size and the style of the living room. Make it all matched.
In designing you can get some inspiration from other source such as the internet or the magazine. There are so many home design websites in the internet you can visit to get some inspiration from the article or pictures there. Besides, you can get some inspiration from the house of the celebrity. The celebrity house tends to have a unique design. you can found it on the internet, magazine, and television program. Some celebrity house can be a great inspiration for you to design your house. Let me choose one celebrity that his house you can explore for inspiration, the house is also so inspirational. He is nate berkus. As I know, nate berkus is a host of a talk show program named nate berkus show. So, I guess he is a celebrity. The nate berkus living rooms has its own style of living room. The nate berkus living rooms is

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.712731
Retrieved Text: The plants constitute a major component of the planet earth, which all living things need to sustain their life. The early man being limited in all forms of endowments of humankind, made very little use of these plants. He therefore maintained a stable equilibrium with them. The modern man (Homo sapiens), with his endowments, has asserted himself over other living and non living things and is making use of the plants in diverse ways. These diverse ways, are in addition to a number of other benefits other living things including human beings, derive from the plants. This paper dwells on the services to which humankind has put the plants in the diverse religions and culture of people in Nigeria. The paper besides reviewing the diverse roles of plants in diverse religions and cultures, also discusses the changes that are now being experienced in the interactions of humankind with the plants. Nigeria is part of the African region, where biodiversity is claimed to be concentrated. It therefore behoves the people of Nigeria, to conserve the plants, so that their sustainability, can be assured.
Keywords: Cultures, Humankind., Plants, Religions, West Africa, Yoruba People.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.692169
Retrieved Text: Designing Blue Living Room Decorations would be a very good thing for you. Blue is a calm and relaxing color. It would be really good for those who want to get relax in their house. The blue color that dominates your house would be a really good thing for it. Therefore, there are some decorations which created in blue to support this design for sure. It would be the best way that you can have to get a relaxing nuance.
It would be really beautiful for your hose to have a lot of blue things inside it. For instance you can have this Blue Living Room Decorations within your living room. In other side, you can also add some other colors so that it is not all blue. However, you need to remember that the purpose of this decoration idea is to create a relaxing nuance. Thus, you can have some blue and beige living room ideas.
Adding some other colors instead of blue would accentuate your living room. Therefore, you need some other colors in order to create very good nuance inside your living room. However, some other things inside the living room must be in blue. The blue couch living room ideas might be a good choice for you. The sofa or couch is always the favorite in your living room. Therefore, it must be in blue to add your Blue Living Room Decorations.
Various ideas can be taken by you to create a more endearing and relaxing nuance within your living room. A lot of people

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.683981
Retrieved Text: With the exception of single-celled organisms and very simple life forms, living things have complex bodies that contain many functional parts. You can organize these parts into different levels of complexity or cellular organization. They range from the smallest, simplest functional units of living things to the largest and most complex.
Most organisms have functional parts with five levels: cells, tissues, organs, organ systems and whole organisms. Cells hold genetic material and absorb outside energy. Tissues make up the bones, nerves and connective fibers of the body. Organs work to perform specific bodily tasks, such as filtering blood. Organ systems are groups of organs that perform a specific kind of function together, such as digesting food. Together, these smaller systems make up an entire living organism, which is capable of growing, using energy and reproducing.
Cells are the smallest functional units of all livings things. Both plants and animals contain various kinds of cells. Cells help living things absorb nutrients. In the case of animals, these nutrients come from food. In the case of plants, they come mostly from sunlight, which plant cells convert into usable nutrients via a process called photosynthesis.
Both plant and animal cells carry genetic material in the form of DNA. Without DNA, livings things would not be able to pass on their individual characteristics or the characteristics of their species to the next generation.
Different kinds of cells perform different functions. For example, in animals, red blood cells help to attack viruses, while sperm and egg cells aid in reproduction.
Tissues are the organic material from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.668632
Retrieved Text: Originally founded in 1860 as a railroad town, Sedalia has grown substantially, but still keeps ties to it’s small town roots. Sedalia is home to the 3rd largest State Fairgrounds in the United States and offers activities year round for residents and visitors to enjoy. Music fan? Every year, the Scott Joplin Festival kicks off the summer in Sedalia and brings crowds from all over the area. Sedalia is rich in culture with local shops, quaint restaurants and historical markers.
All of the benefits of retirement living, but with expert care to complete daily tasks that may have become more challenging with age. Assisted living apartments provide 24-hour nursing supervision to seniors who need assistance with the activities of daily living such as housework and medication management.
With our assisted living support residents can thrive, enjoy life and let the burdens of daily care fall upon our shoulders. With our help, friends and family can step back into the role they were intended for.
In addition to all of the services provided in Assisted living, the new Enhanced Assisted living apartments feature more amenities for care options. Enhanced Assisted Living offers additional assistance for residents who may need assistance with hands on personal care as well as ambulation needs including wheel chair assistance to meals and activities. Many advanced health needs are met at this level of care by qualified staff therefore it is an ideal alternative to a nursing home.
With our enhanced assisted living support residents can thrive, enjoy life and let the burdens of daily care fall

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.658712
Retrieved Text: HOMO SAPIENS: If man was created, can man be classified as an animal?
After a discussion with a Christian about humans and animals I would like to ask: From a scientific point of view are humans known as animals?
Living organisms are currently classified by the scientific community into five major groups, or Kingdoms: bacteria, single celled organisms (e.g. amoeba), plants, fungi and animals. Because the human body has many physical characteristics in common with what we think of as ‘animated creatures’ i.e. animals, in the way we can move as well as in the way our cells function and work together, humans are classified in modern science as animals.
However, classification is simply a method of organising our knowledge of the living world, so how did we get it, and what does it mean?
Provably, yet surprisingly to many, the scientific classification system has its original roots in the Bible’s teaching on creation. This is even admitted even in the scientific literature where you can read in the prestigious scientific publication Nature: “The earliest case of systematic naming occurred about 6,000 years ago, when God brought all his newly fashioned creatures to Adam, ‘to see what he would call them’ (Gen. 2:19).” J. L. Heilbron, Worcester College, Oxford, Nature 415, 585 7 February 2002. Genesis records Adam being instructed by God to name the animals and birds that God brought to him. (Genesis 2:19) This mandate to name things was reinforced when God authorised the first man and woman to have dominion over all other living creatures. If you

================



======= Instance Index 120 =========
Input Text: A change in the Earth is

Which is the correct answer?
- a person's hair growing
- a wooded area appearing on land that was once part of the ocean
- a wooded area existing next to an ocean
- the moon moving around the Earth

Target Text: a wooded area appearing on land that was once part of the ocean

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.768708
Retrieved Text: Humans have dramatically changed planet Earth and are altering some of Earth's main cycles, the water, carbon, nitrogen and phosphorus cycles.
This section contains brief outlines and graphs summarising Earth-system science, and key developments in the last few decades. Much of the content of this section is derived from IGBP's first synthesis, Global Change and the Earth System (Executive Summary).
Earth behaves as a complex system. Complex systems can respond abruptly to changes within the system - these abrupts changes can be highly non-linear. There is strong evidence that the Earth system is prone to such abrupt changes. More information.
See also the 2001 "Amsterdam Declaration". The declaration was signed by the four chairs of the international global-change programmes.
The Earth system has always changed. But right now it has an additional pressure forcing change: human activites. This force is now global and dominant. The response of the Earth system to this pressure is an important area of science. More information.
The industrial revolution led to a significant acceleration in human activity, but the real acceleration at a global level began in the 1950s. The period since then has become known as the "Great Acceleration". More information.
Some scientists suggest we have entered a new geological period dominated by human influence. Here are some. But what is the case for the Anthropocene and what is the origin of the phrase. More information.
The Climate-change index provides an instant snapshot of how fast the climate is changing and in which direction. Find out more about the index and how it is calculated. More information.
Earth

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.660391
Retrieved Text: There is more behind what has been designated today as Earth Day than planting trees, reducing pollution, and conserving natural resources. Ken Ham explores April 22 from a biblical perspective.
There is more behind what has been designated today as Earth Day (April 22) than planting trees, reducing pollution, and conserving natural resources. Of course, a lot of what is promoted on this day certainly sounds admirable. Furthermore, Christians are to be good stewards in caring for the earth ( Genesis 1:28 ). But there is a lot more to Earth Day than meets the eye.
For instance, at some Earth Day celebrations, you will find New Age crystals for people to “channel” through, and material can be found on how to worship “Mother Earth.” For many people, this day is really a religious service for the New Age movement (and it’s often based on evolutionary thinking). While we may be responsible for caring for the earth, we are not to worship it but to use it for man’s good—and to God’s glory.
The founder of Earth Day, Gaylord Nelson, believed: “The fate of the living planet is the most important issue facing mankind.”1 In reality, the most important issue facing mankind is that everybody needs to recognize their sin and need for salvation in Jesus Christ.
Also, the fate of the planet is, ultimately, not in the hands of mankind. While we are responsible for earth care, we are not in control of the earth. It belongs to the Creator ( Psalm 24:1 ), and we are His stewards.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.642649
Retrieved Text: [ABUJA, Nigeria] — Following a landmark year for climate, World Wide Fund’s [WWF] Earth Hour coordinated by Connected Development [CODE] in Nigeria, and Young Volunteers for the Environment in collaboration with the African Youth Initiative on Climate Change in seven West African countries is calling on people around West Africa and the world to continue the charge and be a part of the global momentum to help change climate change. This follows the countdown to Earth Hour, a global yearly event celebrated on March 19, between 8:30 and 9:30 p.m. local time.
2015 was the hottest year on record and it was also the year countries came together to work against climate change at the historic summit in Paris. With the world at a climate crossroads, Earth Hour 2016 is our time to shine a light on climate and environment action and build the foundation for a better future for our planet and future generations.
2016 marks the tenth lights out event since Earth Hour’s debut in Sydney, Australia in 2007. In the past nine years, WWF and Earth Hour teams around the world have harnessed the power of the movement to raise support and funds for access to renewable energy, protection of wildlife and their habitats, building sustainable livelihoods and driving climate-friendly legislation and policy.
In Nigeria, Earth Hour 2016 will join to drive petition to save the last forest in Calabar, Cross River State, with the #CrossRiverSuperway hashtag while activists and businesses will come together in Lagos, Abuja, Cross River, Taraba and Benue States to learn and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.624701
Retrieved Text: The International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme (IGBP) was a research programme that studies the phenomenon of global change that ran from 1987 to 2015.
The International Council of Scientific Unions, a coordinating body of national science organizations, launched IGBP. It looked at the total Earth system, the changes that are occurring, and the manner in which changes are influenced by human actions.
IGBP aimed to describe and understand how the physical, chemical and biological processes regulate the Earth system. It also seeks to increase knowledge of how humans are influencing the global processes, such as the carbon cycle, nitrogen cycle, sulfur cycle, water cycle and phosphorus cycle. "It delivers scientific knowledge to help human societies develop in harmony with Earth's environment."
IGBP research is organised around six projects representing the Earth system - land, atmosphere, ocean and where they meet (land-atmosphere, land-ocean. atmosphere-ocean) and two further projects looking at the Earth system as a whole: Past Global Changes (PAGES) which looks at palaeoclimate, and the Analysis, Integration and Modelling of the Earth System (AIMES), which helps set the agenda for Earth system models. Plus four joint projects - carbon, water, human health and food security - with the other three international global-change programmes.
In 2004, IGBP published a landmark synthesis, Global Change and the Earth System (Steffen et al). The synthesis stated that humanity was now the main driver of change at the planetary scale and that Earth is now operating in a "no analogue" state. Measurements of Earth system processes, past and present, have led to the conclusion that the planet

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.566079
Retrieved Text: With this level of support in virtually no time you can be on the path toward living a greener, happier and healthier life while doing your part to reduce global warming.
By making a conscious effort to use green products, reduce chemicals and pesticides, cut back on emissions, recycle more and make numerous other Earth saving changes we can make a greener, healthier Earth a reality.
Race To Save Earth is about people and corporations assuming a pro-active role toward saving Earth. The advocacy groups we fund will create a massive wave of eco-activism. Education to entertainment venues will engage the public to obtain support person-by-person and group-by-group.
Corporations that care will play a major role toward creating positive environmental change. Groups that we fund will provide corporate America with a solid track to run. By encouraging corporate participation we can all focus on our Earth-saving vision.
Enlightenment is key to across-the-board environmental support. From middle schools to campuses and corporations environmental education Race To Save Earth will play a major role in eco-education.
By offering new environmental solutions we can create a whole new generation of activists focused on creating a brighter future.
Race To Save Earth acts as a funnel to provide support to like minded organization that are focused on creating change. From unique health oriented fundraising campaigns to concerts and other events we are committed to creating global environmental and health change.
Race To Save Earth unites eco-minded individuals and Earth minded advocacy groups. By raising awareness and spreading advocacy to all corners of the globe we’ll be an

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.464622
Retrieved Text: was started in Australia by the World Wildlife Federation (WWF) just a few years ago. The global event is driven from Sydney, and this year Google Australia has joined with the Earth Hour team to help drive awareness and participation in this initiative.
2009 is the largest Earth Hour yet. With 84 countries and over 2800 locales registering their participation, it is an unprecedented global event to promote the issues surrounding climate change.
Members of our Australian team have coordinated an effort across Google to help Earth Hour create a social network called Earth Connect.
The comments collected by Earth Connect will be counted by WWF towards the goal of collecting a billion words in the lead-up to the next United Nations Climate Change Summit, COP15, to be held in Copenhagen at the end of 2009. The Earth Hour team will present this global collective statement of support as a call to action on climate change issues at COP15.
In this way, the Earth Hour movement will be sustained well beyond the March 28 event, providing a platform for the people of the world to share and contribute their thoughts on climate change.
The Earth Hour website, earthhour.org, is being hosted by Google App Engine, and the site is using Google Maps and YouTube to show all of the participating cities and towns. Google Translate is also embedded on the website to allow anyone in the world to access all of the information in their local language.
Andy Ridley, Global Executive Director of Earth Hour says: "One of the most inspiring aspects

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.391101
Retrieved Text: ANGELES CITY, Pampanga, March 26 — Mayor Edgardo Pamintuan has called on all Angeleños to actively participate in the annual Earth Hour event on Saturday by turning-off their lights from 8:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.
Let us use our power to change climate change," Pamintuan said, quoting the slogan of Earth Hour.
This is a small sacrifice we can make for Mother Earth. Let us tell our relatives, friends, colleagues, neighbors and all those around us to participate by turning off our lights for at least 60 minutes, he said.
Earth Hour started in Sydney, Australia in 2007 as a lights-off event to raise awareness about climate change.
Since then, Earth Hour has become a worldwide movement and hundreds of millions of citizens in 162 countries and territories worldwide have participated in this annual event.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.295118
Retrieved Text: The E.O. Wilson Biodiversity Foundation’s Half-Earth Project has been recognized as a 100&Change Top 200 grant proposal. The MacArthur Foundation’s 100&Change grant competition was focused on funding a “bold proposal that promises real progress toward solving a critical problem of our time.” With over 1800 total submissions, the Half-Earth Project’s score in the Top 200 is considered a real honor.
This special logo has been created to communicate this accomplishment and identify the E.O. Wilson Biodiversity Foundation as a problem solver.
In a crowded field, the Half-Earth Project was one of only fifteen submissions in the Conservation and Biodiversity category that made it into the Top 200. To view all of the projects in the Top 200, visit the Results page.
The MacArthur Foundation has launched a public online searchable database of the 100&Change Top 200 proposals, and hopes that this resource will lead to other funding opportunities for these proposals. The database includes executive summaries, problem/solution statements, location(s) of work, and links to summary videos. You can easily search for proposals based on keywords, location of work, organization name, and thematic area.
Click here to learn more about the E.O. Wilson Biodiversity Foundation’s Half-Earth Project 100&Change Top 200 grant proposal.
Half-Earth is a call to action to protect half of the planet’s lands and oceans, and end the extinction crisis. If we save half, we protect 85% or more of all species. The Half-Earth Project is at work to: 1) drive the research needed to better understand and care for our world, 2) provide leadership to guide conservation efforts, and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.253247
Retrieved Text: As promised in our Planet Earth 2 - The Producers episode, this is Planet Earth 2 - The Science.
Steve met with Professor Rich Pancost of the Cabot Institute to discuss the Planet Earth 2 series and the science of climate change.
Is the Earth still warming? What causes the warming? Is climate change real? You know the answers really. It just depends whether you wish to deny them or not. Either way, here's the science.
Rich mentions Skeptical Science as a good way of learning about the real science of the climate.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.232524
Retrieved Text: Earth is our home. It has given us life. It has given us a reason to live, smile, experience, feel, touch, laugh, and love. But why are we treating it like waste? Visuals of Earth was founded through the sheer love of our Earth and its mesmerizing multitude of shapes. It allowed us to tap into the world of every traveler around the world and see how beautiful our planet is through their eyes.
But our planet is suffering. And in time, these visuals of Earth won’t always be as beautiful. We need to drive change — positive, sustainable & significant change. That’s why we started this movement — to give Earth the life it deserves. It’s time to come together as one, and take our pledge in restoring our planet. Join the movement, take your pledge, and make a difference. Earth needs you.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.186246
Retrieved Text: Here is a collection of the all-time best famous Earth poems. This is a select list of the best famous Earth poetry. Reading, writing, and enjoying famous Earth poetry (as well as classical and contemporary poems) is a great past time. These top poems are the best examples of earth poems.
Search and read the best famous Earth poems, articles about Earth poems, poetry blogs, or anything else Earth poem related using the PoetrySoup search engine at the top of the page.
And both were young—yet not alike in youth.
Which pleased him, and yet pleased him not—and why?
A change came o'er the spirit of my dream.
And ne'er repassed that hoary threshold more.
Daughters and sons of Beauty,—but behold!
Or ill-repressed affliction, her pure thoughts.
Upon her mind—a spectre of the past.
Of others' sight familiar were to hers.
A marvel and a secret.
My dream is past; it had no further change.
To end in madness—both in misery.
Dance, and Proven?al song, and sunburnt mirth!
(Surely there is something more in each of the tree—some living Soul.
That they touch or sigh.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.182521
Retrieved Text: BrewDog is just as famous for its marketing stunts as it is for its beers. The company’s latest is a little more targeted than what they’ve done in the past, though: a beer protesting the leader of the free world’s stance on climate change. In an effort to address the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris Climate Accord, the Scottish brewing company has launched a Make Earth Great Again beer. The beer’s debut is meant to bring climate change to the attention of world leaders, and 100 percent of the profits will be donated to 10:10, a charity that advocates for greater action to address climate change.
The beer is a saison with a 7.5 percent alcohol by volume. BrewDog brews Make Earth Great Again with ingredients from the places most affected by climate change, using water from melted Polar ice caps and cloudberries from the Arctic. To make an even bigger statement, the beer is fermented at a higher temperature than any of BrewDog’s other beers. To further highlight the struggle against climate change, the beer will be served out of a life-sized replica polar bear at BrewDog’s Shoreditch bar.
Make Earth Great Again from BrewDog on Vimeo.
Although President Donald Trump doesn’t drink, BrewDog has sent a case of Make Earth Great Again to the White House in an effort to seize the president’s attention and protest his decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord. If the message weren’t clear enough, the beer’s label also happens to feature a robot with a similar hairstyle to Trump’s fighting

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.1792145
Retrieved Text: "Did You Know NASA Does Earth Science? A History"
Dr. Steve Running is an Emeritus Regents Professor at the University of Montana. His research specialty is global terrestrial carbon and water cycles, and his science has been sponsored by NASA for 40 years. He has, in recent years, been the appointed chair of the NASA Earth Science advisory committee, and the National Academy of Sciences committee on Earth science. He has given hundreds of public climate change talks for over 20 years. He also was an author of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 4th Report, which shared the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize with Al Gore.
Lecture Synopsis: Although much of NASA notoriety is focused on human space flight, the agency has had a charter for Earth science since its origin in 1958. President Ronald Reagan directed NASA to focus on issues around global habitability in 1980. Now, much of what we know about ongoing global change comes from NASA satellites.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.167354
Retrieved Text: Various establishments in the country will go powerless on March 29, 2014 to empower the earth as part of the 'Earth Hour 2014' initiative organised annually by the World Wide Fund For Nature (WWF). Companies, hotels and malls will be part of the climate change initiative, scheduled for Saturday, in which over 150 cities in India and 6,000 cities, towns and councils worldwide, will turn off their lights for one hour — between 8.30 p.m. and 9.30 p.m.
What began in Sydney, Australia, in 2007 as a lights-off event calling communities around the world to fight climate change, Earth Hour is now a worldwide movement annually uniting people to protect the planet via its 60-minute switch-off. Earth Hour is held on the last Saturday of every March - closely coinciding with the equinox to ensure most cities are in darkness as the Earth rotates - encouraging individuals, communities, households, and business establishments to turn off their non-essential lights for one hour as a symbol of their commitment to the planet and its well-being.
Climate Change is a global phenomenon. It is caused by emission of greenhouse gases (GHGs) such as carbon dioxide, methane, CFCs etc. The presence of these GHGs in the atmosphere of our planet entraps the heat from our sun causing increase in the temperature of the earth's surface thereby causing global warming. As of today, globally, most GHGs are from burning fossil fuels to generate electricity contributing to about 66% of the total GHGs.
Many others, including Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB), Department of Environment and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.163697
Retrieved Text: On Monday, September 10, 2018, please join the Pulitzer Center at the Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies for a discussion and reception with Nathaniel Rich and George Steinmetz on their climate change reporting project, "Losing Earth."
Featured as the main story in The New York Times Magazine climate change issue, "Losing Earth" investigates how we came close to solving the climate change challenge in the 1980s and how that effort failed. The event also includes Pulitzer Center Executive Director Jon Sawyer. Dr. Anthony Leiserowitz, director of the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication, moderates.
Rich's reporting in "Losing Earth" documents the reasoning behind current climate change narrative and addresses why climate change has been so difficult to overcome. Stunning aerial photography by Steinmetz, taken over the past year, reveals some of the damage already done due to climate change, and what is at stake.
Reception follows the discussion. This event is sold out, but it will be live streamed on this page.
The event is sponsored by the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication, Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies, and the Pulitzer Center via its Campus Consortium program.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.146029
Retrieved Text: You are here: Earth > LET'S EXPLORE The Earth > How do glaciers change the landscape?
"How do glaciers change the landscape?." Earth, LET'S EXPLORE The Earth, Q-files Encyclopedia, 4 Jun. 2018.
Earth, LET'S EXPLORE The Earth, s.v. "How do glaciers change the landscape?," accessed April 21, 2019.
A glacier is a mass of ice that moves slowly downhill. It is made from layers of snow that collect in basins between high mountain peaks. As the layers build up, the snow turns to ice. The ice becomes so thick and heavy, it starts to move. Glaciers move very slowly—just a few metres a day—but they are powerful forces. Some snake down mountain valleys, while others are ice sheets that cover large areas of land. Greenland and Antarctica are covered by ice sheets.
A mountain glacier and its features. The basin where the ice that forms a glacier collects is called a cirque.
As the glacier moves, it gouges out loose rocks and carries them downhill. These rocks collect together in “dirty” bands called moraines. Where two glaciers meet, their moraines merge together. Further down the valley where the glacier melts (at its snout), all the rocks are dumped in heaps known as end moraines. Where a glacier runs over steeper slopes, cracks, known as crevasses, form on its surface.
About 75% of the world's fresh water is stored in glaciers, ice caps and ice sheets.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.142283
Retrieved Text: Earth Hour (Earth Hour) is the World Wildlife Fund (WWF), an initiative to deal with global climate change raised hopes of individuals, communities, businesses and government activities due to a conflict with Easter last Saturday of March each year (in 2013 therefore advanced to March 23) 20:30-21:30 lights for one hour to show their support for action on climate change. Excessive carbon dioxide emissions caused by climate change is now the greatest threats to the survival of mankind on Earth. Only by changing public attitudes towards people worldwide carbon dioxide emissions in order to mitigate the impact caused by the threat to the world.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.128095
Retrieved Text: The New Frontiers in Earth Science (NFES) program provides participants with an intensive, “hands-on” course focusing on the key issues in climate change, how scientists conduct climate studies, how the public interprets scientific results, and how the international community responds to climate and environmental threats.
Global environmental threats have become part of our everyday life. It is essential that we have a clear understanding of the functioning of Earth’s natural systems and how humans are influencing them. This college introductory course in Earth Science provides fundamental knowledge on Earth climate system and Environmental Sciences, which focuses on two topics: climate change and sea level rise, as well as environmental pollutions and restorations. The course also introduces the newest scientific advancements associated with various covered topics, emphasizing key scientific methodologies such as experimental, observational and modeling approaches. The course consists of lectures, case studies, in-class discussion, and independent research.
This interdisciplinary course seeks to develop students' knowledge to better understand the connections between human activities and climate change, the impact of economic developments on the environment, as well as society’s efforts on restoring the planet earth and the local living environment. Students will be given an opportunity to conduct independent research and produce research papers at the end of the course.
NFES is a global initiative whose mission is to enhance earth science and ecosystem knowledge in China through education and mentorship. Our programs educate and train young aspiring earth scientist candidates to become the protectors of the earth and contributors with fundamental knowledge in Earth's climate system and Environmental

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.112748
Retrieved Text: In a bid to persuade today’s world leaders to take better care of our planet, Friends of the Earth Australia is asking for the global community’s help to send a climate change sceptic to space so they can shift their perspective and come back down to earth a more environmentally ethical person.
Created by The Monkeys, the #sendasceptictospace social campaign shows that when astronauts travel to space they get to view the earth from orbit. As they gaze down at the planet, they see a thin ozone layer, the effects of human impact, and they realise we are all on this earth together, and we’re destroying our only home.
This is called ‘The Overview Effect’. But it’s wasted on astronauts. Astronauts don’t write our laws or create the policies that can protect our planet. Our politicians do. Despite 97 per cent * of climate scientists agreeing climate change is real, some of the world’s most influential leaders, shaping policies in countries including the USA, Australia, Canada and Russia, still don’t get it.
But there’s one dramatic way we can change their view.
Friends of the Earth Australia is campaigning to send one of the worst climate sceptics from down here, up there. To take action they’re crowd-funding a ticket to space for the world’s biggest climate sceptic, as voted by you, the people of earth.
If the target goal is reached, Friends of the Earth Australia will buy the sceptic with the most votes a ticket to space to experience ‘The Overview Effect’ with their own eyes. If they come back

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.086894
Retrieved Text: Change Tile Location in Windows 10 Start Menu. The tiles in Start Menu are moveable, and this article tells you how to change tile location on Windows 10 computer.... The original Jupiter theme is one of the best-selling themes ever at ThemeForest, with well over 100,000 sales and a 4.75-star rating on over 4,500 reviews.
I Would like to change the appearance of only the menu I have added for my salespage. I would like to change the height and add a logo. I would like to change the height and add a logo. I am not a pro and I have tried some things to see if anything changes in the menu, but it doesn�t.... If you are aligning the menu to the right of the logo, change UberMenu�s Menu Bar Alignment to Right. Because Jupiter�s logo is positioned absolutely, UberMenu will overlap the logo if set to full width.
Alan Boss, a planetary scientist at the Carnegie Institution of Washington and a member of the NASA Astrobiology Institute, has developed a different theory, based on computer models, about how planets like Jupiter may have formed. how to change google play email account Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System. It is the fifth planet from the Sun .  Jupiter is a gas giant , both because it is so large and made up of gas .
TTFONE JUPITER MANUAL Pdf Download.
10/11/2016�� By Jove, he built a radio! If you want to get started with radio astronomy, Jupiter is one of the easiest celestial objects

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.063845
Retrieved Text: Bolivia Climate Conference Moves to Establish Universal Declaration of the Rights of Mother Earth | Democracy Now!
South African environmental lawyer and an anti-apartheid activist. He is the author of Wild Law: A Manifesto for Earth Justice and is co-president of the Rights of Mother Earth Working Group.
On this Earth Day special, we’re broadcasting from the World Peoples’ Summit on Climate Change and Rights of Mother Earth here in the Bolivian town of Tiquipaya. One of the key initiatives of the climate conference here in Bolivia is to come out with a Universal Declaration of the Rights of Mother Earth.
South African environmental lawyer Cormac Cullinan is the co-president of the Rights of Mother Earth Working Group here at the summit. He arrived at the climate change conference with a draft Declaration of the Rights of Mother Earth that form the basis of the discussion here. Cormac Cullinan joins me here in Tiquipaya.
CORMAC CULLINAN: Thank you. It’s good to be here.
AMY GOODMAN: Explain what is happening with this declaration.
Well, it’s been a slightly chaotic process, but with incredible participation by everybody. Every day in the working group, we’ve had more than 400 people. And yesterday at the plenary group we had well over that number, probably possibly a thousand people. And everybody’s been contributing directly to the text and to the substance of it.
There was a text which was produced beforehand, and then that was workshopped at a pre-conference here in Bolivia. But there have been contributions from all over the world. So the challenge really has been

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.057351
Retrieved Text: This is an exciting conference series with its focus on Life / Earth Sciences / Sustainable Global / Regional Development. As a geoscientist I specialize in huge volcanic events known as Large Igneous Provinces which occur every 20-30 million years and which can cause catastrophic change climate including mass extinctions. These volcanic events along with other drivers such as meteorite impact, plate tectonics, biological evolution, and other process, contribute to events of global warming (Hothouse), global cooling (Icehouse, i.e. Snowball Earth or regional glaciations), anoxia, stepwise oxygenation, acid rain/ ocean acidification, enhanced hydrothermal and terrestrial nutrient fluxes, and mercury poisoning.
I think that discussions of modern climate change can directly benefit from our rapidly increasing knowledge through geoscience of Earth’s history of climate change over billions of years.
I am convinced that Earth’s history of climate change (regardless of cause) can provide a robust context for modern climate change without diminishing the impact of anthropogenic drivers in the latter.
For instance, characterization of ancient global warming events can provide new strategies for reduction of elevated CO2, and provide warning of unanticipated consequences of modern global warming. One example of the former is that weathering of mafic and ultramafic rocks, acts as powerful sinks for atmospheric CO2, and thus suggests a role for these rock types in carbon sequestration efforts.
A simple cautionary tale is that the Earth has experienced many periods of dramatic climate change, some of which resulted in mass extinction events where a majority of life on Earth was wiped out. An important message from geological history is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.047655
Retrieved Text: IS EARTH THE SAME ALL THE WAY THROUGH?
HOW DOES EARTH MOVE THROUGH SPACE?
WHY IS EARTH SCIENCE USEFUL?
HOW DO EARTH SCIENTISTS WORK?
HAVE EARTH’S CONTINENTS ALWAYS LOOKED THE SAME?
WHY DO EARTH’S CONTINENTS MOVE?
WHAT CAUSES THE OCEAN CURRENTS?
HOW ARE VOLCANIC ISLANDS FORMED?
WHERE DO MOST EARTHQUAKES STRIKE?
WHY ARE MANY MOUNTAINS SNOW-CAPPED?
WHAT ARE SEDIMENTARY ROCKS MADE OF?
HOW ARE METAMORPHIC ROCKS CREATED?
ARE THERE DIFFERENT TYPES OF SOIL?
HOW DO LIVING THINGS HELP THE SOIL?
DOES THE ATMOSPHERE REMAIN THE SAME FROM EARTH TO SPACE?
WHAT FORCES AFFECT THE WORLD’S WINDS?
DO SOME PARTS OF THE WORLD RECEIVE MORE RAIN THAN OTHERS?
WHAT IS A RIVER’S LOAD?
HOW DO RIVERS SHAPE THE LANDSCAPE?
HOW DO WAVES CHANGE COASTAL LANDSCAPES?
WHAT AFFECTS AN AREA’S CLIMATE?
WHY DO TROPICAL REGIONS HAVE HOT CLIMATES?
HAS THE EARTH’S CLIMATE CHANGED OVER TIME?
WILL EARTH’S CLIMATE CHANGE IN THE FUTURE?
HOW DOES FARMING CHANGE THE LANDSCAPE?
HOW DOES INDUSTRY AFFECT THE LANDSCAPE?
WHAT CHALLENGES FACE THE HUMAN POPULATION?
WHICH KINDS OF ANIMALS ARE DOMESTICATED?
HOW HAVE MODERN CROPS BEEN DEVELOPED?
WHAT ARE STAPLE FOOD CROPS?
WHAT ARE THE MAIN USES OF TIMBER?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.037753
Retrieved Text: For the case of present research work, Google Earth satellite imagery contains three channels i.
The court held that a Google Earth satellite image, including an electronic "tack" placed on image by the program and automatically labeled with GPS coordinates without human intervention, was not hearsay.
In 1974 the Earth Satellite Research Unit (ESRU) was set up at the University of Aston and in July 1980 the prediction service was transferred from Appleton to ESRU where it ran until March 1988 when RGO agreed to take over the two Hewitt cameras and the prediction service.
It gets off to an excellent start with a masterful essay by Roger Launius on the tangled story of Eisenhower, Sputnik, and the fallout and circumstances leading to the subsequent creation of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, arguably the most important as well as most visible result of the shock America experienced with the launch of the first artificial earth satellite.
The woman woke up to find herself on the beach of a remote island and then apparently spent seven years carving out a difficult survival before an SOS sign she made was spotted on Google Earth satellite images by 'some kid from Minnesota', at which point she was saved.
Last January, we tracked Voudouri to the holiday isle before pinpointing his bolthole by comparing snaps his family had taken of his villa's pool with Google Earth satellite images.
Prof Harries, an expert on the use of Earth satellite observations to study climate change, is a past president of the Royal Meteorological Society and the International

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.036869
Retrieved Text: What would be the effects of an expanding Earth or growing planet?
What would be the effects of an Expanding Earth or a Growing Earth? What changes would it create?
What physical differences would an expanding in size planet have? How would it effect the flora and fauna on our planet?
Would a globe growing in weight/mass have a measurable and observable impact on human life on Earth?
How would our environment change if the planet did change its physical data set due to increases in stuff?
Would gravity change and what effect would that have on animals, plants and humans? Are the dinosaurs and mega or mini flora and fauna fossils examples of changes?
Would it change our planets rotation and orbit?
How would our environment, magnetosphere, telluric currents, oceans change?
Increasing or decreasing global and climate changes?
These are some possible scenarios, what others should be considered?
4 (Please forgive the sites hobby horse idea ... ) Size of planet increased and decreased multiple times?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.026825
Retrieved Text: NASA has relaunched its Webby Award-winning website, Global Climate Change, with enhanced interactive features that play on any mobile device, state-of-the-art visuals, and new sections on climate change solutions and the people behind the science.
The updated site retains popular features of the earlier version, including the Images of Change gallery, the Climate Time Machine and the Eyes on the Earth data visualization tool.
The website is optimized for most mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets.
"NASA is a world leader in Earth system science and climate research, and it's important that we make the content of our work accessible to the general public," said Peg Luce, deputy director of NASA's Earth Science Division. "The continuing popularity and recognition of this site underscores the need for credible resources with timely climate change information."

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.020456
Retrieved Text: On Sat., March 26, Belmont University will participate for the third year in a row in “Belmont Goes Dark: An Earth Hour Celebration” as part of a global project to raise awareness of climate change. Belmont’s celebration of Earth Hour is part of a world-wide event supporting environmental awareness and sustainability.
An initiative of the World Wildlife Fund, Earth Hour was started in 2007 in Sydney, Australia when 2.2 million individuals and more than 2,000 businesses turned their lights off for one hour to take a stand against climate change. This year the Belmont community will join with hundreds of millions of people in 133 countries around the globe in observing Earth Hour.
Belmont’s O.N.E. Club (Our Natural Environment), a student organization, in partnership with Residence Life, will participate in the 8-9 p.m. campus celebration of Earth Hour Saturday. All non-emergency lighting in residence halls and on campus grounds will be turned off, and all students are being encouraged to refrain from using energy-consuming devices during that time. Earth Hour, however, will not interfere with other regularly scheduled campus events. For more information on Earth Hour 2011, visit www.earthhour.org.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.016042
Retrieved Text: Take a look back at past Presidential and Cabinet trips to the Everglades, and see what President Obama is doing for Earth Day 2015.
Today, in honor of Earth Day, President Obama is traveling to the Everglades – the tropical wetlands in the southern part of Florida.
Since 1970, we've commemorated Earth Day on April 22 each year, with worldwide celebrations in support of environmental protection. President Obama is visiting the Everglades this year to highlight how climate change is already damaging American treasures like our National Parks, as well as how climate change will affect our economy, our personal health, and our national security. The Everglades, one of the most beautiful and environmentally sensitive regions in the country, is a key source of drinking water for a third of Florida’s residents, and significantly boosts Florida’s revenue and economy through tourism at the park.
Read more here about the steps President Obama and his Administration are taking to fight climate change, and protect our national treasures like the Everglades.
For more information on Earth Day and President Obama’s visit to the Everglades today, check out WhiteHouse.gov/EarthDay.
Read the President’s Climate Action Plan here.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.015432
Retrieved Text: I haven’t posted in some time, but couldn’t let a RNWMV tradition pass without comment. Every year since I began this blog in 2006, I have marked Earth Day by posting this cartoon, the creation of one of America’s greatest philosophers, Walt Kelly, artist and writer of the comic strip, Pogo. Since the first Earth Day in 1971, the phrase, “We have met the enemy and he is us” has become part of the American lexicon.
Forty four years after the first Earth Day, it is hard to be terribly optimistic about the idealistic goals of the Earth Day movement. The “Green” movement has grown steadily, but faces a situation where change might be “too little, too late”. See, for example, this article from the current issue of Scientific American, Have We Passed the Point of No Return on Climate Change?
Although, over the years, the enemy has coalesced into the climate deniers, politically, the “Green” movement has it’s supporters, including President Obama and the Democratic party, who have become increasingly willing to call out Republicans who remain vocal climate change deniers.
Politics aside, perhaps the most hopeful sign for Earth Day, 2015, is that investors are now making money by going green. Forbes has a list of solar and clean energy exchanges that are easily beating the S&P 500.
The Earth Day Network is still alive and well. It would be worth your time to visit their site and see how you could contribute while there is still time.
Update: President Obama uses Earth Day to talk about climate change.
I

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.010517
Retrieved Text: Belinda Reyers reports on the expanded collaboration advancing the planetary boundaries framework.
The planetary boundaries framework, first published in 2009, introduced us to the possibility of distilling a complex Earth system – of land, oceans, atmosphere and life – into 9 global-scale dimensions responsible for keeping the Earth in its current hospitable state. The processes included in the planetary boundaries framework are climate change, biodiversity loss, land-system change, biogeochemical flows, stratospheric ozone depletion, ocean acidification, freshwater use, atmospheric aerosol loading, and chemical pollution. The authors worked to identify measures of each dimension, called control variables, and establish safe boundary zones in these measures, beyond which thresholds and abrupt or undesirable change might lie. The boundaries have been likened to avalanche warning signs, stepping off a kerb into traffic, lights on the dashboard of a car – they provide an early indication that we are approaching a potential threshold in a planetary process, beyond which we risk destabilising the Earth system. The framework has been effective in getting the environment onto the table at a variety of development fora and in bringing Earth-system knowledge to bear on the challenges of sustainability.
A recent update of the boundaries has just been published in Science. Based on advances and new contributions made over the past 5 years by various research communities, the update presents a number of enhancements including improvements in individual boundaries. While the 2009 paper focused on the identification of a consensus set of planetary processes, authors were only able to establish control variables and boundaries for well-known global-scale

================



======= Instance Index 409 =========
Input Text: Protect the environment by

Which is the correct answer?
- using more water
- using more packaging
- using less renewables
- using less hairspray

Target Text: using less hairspray

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.0199
Retrieved Text: Put simply, try talking the essay instead of just writing the essay. A visible analysis essay can be lively and appealing when it includes specific descriptions of the artwork. Who wishes to turn in a free inquiry today and experience the field of your essay is actually ready and you need to provide your research, in order that they need help on homework. Instead, demonstrate you are effective at empathy by explaining that your actions made your lover feel, and subsequently, describing the lesson you learned. If you are one of these students who wish to figure out how to write an excellent classification essay thanks for visiting Good Writing Help. It'll be the principle reason for your paper and what you may discuss will support this idea. Understand that not all of the future prospect may think that the subject of the work is worth investigating.
Our environment needs our help to reduce the effects of the global warming. Global warming creates a greenhouse effect to the atmosphere of the Earth due to the carbon emissions. There are numerous non-governmental organizations NGOs who are engaging activities to protect the environment from harm caused by the society.
This is one way in which anyone of us can help save the environment. Read up and encourage those around you to read about the importance of saving nature. Put up posters or banners in the neighborhood, in your school, college or place of work.
Free Essays on Protect Our Environment. Search. Topic: the Environment Is Getting Worse and Worse. Argumentative Essay

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.666319
Retrieved Text: Environment | MV Holding - Founded in 1993, MV Holding continues to create value in telecom, tourism, energy and media sectors.
MV Holding has recently been instrumental in the establishment of Mind Your Waste Foundation for environmental cleanliness. MV Holding also contributes to environment by supporting the Deniztemiz-Turmepa Foundation.
Swissotel Buyuk Efes contributes to environmental awareness by planting trees and saving energy.
Mind Your Waste Foundation was founded by Murat Vargi in 2015.
The mission of the Foundation is to protect the environment by changing the littering habbit and enhancing waste management to ensure a healthy environment for next generations.
The DenizTemiz Association was founded by pioneers in maritime and business world in 1994.
The mission of the Association is to protect the environment for the next generations and ensuring the next generations to benefit from the seas’ contributions to our economy, health and prosperity.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.650113
Retrieved Text: Scientists, environmentalists and other people concerned met at the International Conference Centre last Thursday to evaluate and discuss the various programmes aimed at restoring and protecting our wetlands. They also came up with new recommendations to strengthen work that has already been done to protect and make wise use of these areas.
The seminar – attended by Abou Bamba, senior regional adviser to the Ramsar Convention on Wetlands of International Importance – forms part of the activities organised to mark this year’s World Wetlands Week. It was officially launched by Didier Dogley, principal secretary for environment. Mr Dogley said much has been done over the years to manage and protect wetlands better. This has been made possible thanks to the partnership between the Department of Environment, non-governmental organisations (NGOs) and the private sector.
The major wetlands event held here last week has shown the commitment of the Seychelles Government and people to protect their “green gold” – the environment.
This was said by environment principal secretary Didier Dogley as he officially closed World Wetlands Week at Eden Island’s Boardwalk last Friday.
Present were Environment, Natural Resources and Transport Minister Joel Morgan, Education Minister Bernard Shamlaye and the Ramsar Convention on Wetlands’ regional adviser for Africa Abou Bamba.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.511233
Retrieved Text: Clean your hands by rubbing them one another with a lotion containing alcohol, which is deemed to be the favorable way for cleaning hands on a regular basis in case they are not overtly unclean. It is more effective, and more endurable by the hands than water and soap.
Wash your hands with water and soap whenever they are overtly contaminated with blood or other body secretions, and after toilet.
How to rub your hands?
To protect the patient from topical infections, and some cases from external infections, caused by the harmful microbes on your hands.
Clean your hands before touching a patient or getting close to him/ her.
To protect the patient from the transmission of harmful microbes to him/ her.
Clean your hands immediately before touching any critical spot that might expose the patient to risk of infection, such as Mucous membranes, damaged skin, or the skin-penetrating medical devices.
To protect yourself against topical infection with the patient's harmful microbes, as well as protecting the healthcare environment form the diffusion of such microbes.
Clean your hands once you are done with any medical action that exposes you to the patient's body fluids (and after taking the gloves off).
To protect yourself from topical infection with the patient's microbes that might exist in the patient's belongings and surroundings, as well as to protect the health care environment from the diffusion of such microbes.
Clean your hands when leaving the patient room, and after touching him and/or his surroundings.
To protect yourself from the transmission of the patient's microbes that might exist in the patient's belongings and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.50669
Retrieved Text: In accordance with the law of environmental protection, land territory and sea areas under the jurisdiction of the People's Republic of China are governed by the law on environmental protection, all units and individuals have the obligation to protect the environment, to impeach or accuse any unit or individual polluting and damaging the environment. Therefore, all kinds of foreign businesses in China are adapted to abide by the law on environmental protections, have the obligation to protect the environment, to inform and bring charges against the units and individuals who pollute and damage the environment. For those enterprises which have made remarkable achievements in protecting and improving the environment, the Chinese Government will reward them; for those enterprises which violate the law of environmental protection, they will bear the corresponding legal responsibility under the environmental protection law and other related regulations.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.456142
Retrieved Text: The Council for British Archaeology seek to support local campaigns. Encouraging active stewardship of the historic environment, with both buildings and archaeological services, is at the heart of our work.
By becoming a member of the CBA, you can take a positive step to protecting your heritage through our programmes and campaigns. Thanks to our members, we are able to support the protection of heritage, preserving and enhancing its legacy for future generations.
When voicing your concerns over heritage, the CBA is here to support you. As a charitable organisation we actively provide guidance and assistance to protect the historic environment. We work together with government, policy makers, property owners, and other interested parties to enable sustainable solutions for the historic environment.
The CBA is directly influenced by your concerns. These active campaigns and case studies demonstrate just some of our successful work.
Protect your built heritage. Protect sites in your local area and discover how the CBA can support you.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.433059
Retrieved Text: ‘A Green Future: Our 25 Year Plan to Improve the Environment’ sets out the UK Government’s commitments to improve the environment within a generation. It sets goals environmental improvements and details how Government will work with businesses and communities to achieve the goals over the next 25 years.
The plan sits alongside two other government strategies: the Industrial Strategy and the Clean Growth strategy.
The Environment Plan is supported by 3 technical annexes covering Supplementary Evidence, Government Strategies to Protect and Improve the Environment and the UK’s International Agreements to Protect and Improve the Environment. There is also a seperate summary of the targets.
For more information and to view the Plan follow this link.
← Marine Planning Events coming to a venue near you!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.421385
Retrieved Text: World Environment Day (WED) is a day that stimulates awareness of the environment and enhances political attention and public action. It is on 5 June.
The first World Environment Day was on 1973. World Environment Day is hosted every year by a different city with a different theme and is commemorated with an international exposition on the week that 5 June is on. World Environment Day is in summer in the Northern Hemisphere and winter in the Southern Hemisphere .
There is nothing late, atleast now everyone must take CARE towards Environment and try to protect environment in many different ways at their possibility. Every individual had the right on this planet, so everyone is responsible even for distruction or to protect from environmental pollutions. Even a single member in a family must be aware of these environmental pollutions and he need to take initiative and make the other members to do their part to save the environment. SAVE this Beautiful Environment and we need to gift it to our Future Generations. Atleast START thinking from now.
Hope my blog will help atleast to some extent and i will be contributing my part to this planet by this.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.420806
Retrieved Text: What Can You Do to Protect Our Mother Earth?
Nowadays, the earth is facing with serious challenges due to various pollutions and resource waste, and it should be everyone’s obligation to protect our mother earth. There are a number of steps that can be done to protect the environment, and even a small step, if undertaken by a large group of people; a big difference can be made. Amisy is a company devoted to copper recycling, and we also encourage our employees to do some little efforts to protect the earth; and some of the following suggestions may suit you, too.
You can walk, ride a bike, or take the public bus instead of driving a car all the time. We all know cars can produce lots of toxic materials that are harmful to the environment, and it is pretty clear that fewer cars mean less pollution. If the public transit is not available to you, an environment-friendly vehicle will be a better choice.
If you are in charge of the household products purchasing, try your best to buy the products that are environment friendly. You can use vinegar, salt, lemon juice and baking soda instead of the chemical-laden cleaners. Bring a non-woven bag other than use the disposable bags each time when you are shopping.
Educate the people around you especially the children to take part in the mother earth protection activity. Many hands make light work. You can talk to your children about your own environment protection experiences and encourage them to participate. At first, you can show

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.310399
Retrieved Text: Environmental production is not a business. It is a true calling.
We will continue to protect the environment.
To employ skilled labor to produce outstanding products and protect the environment.
A green and happy Company that cherishes the local environment.
Resources and the environment can not be exhausted in the present age.
and support activities related to environmental charity, is to protect the Earth's heart care.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.307421
Retrieved Text: Hana Highway Regulation Authority is a membership based non-profit organization open to anyone committed to promoting environmental stewardship, cultural sensitivity and community well-being along the Hana Highway.
Hana Highway Regulation Authority (HHRA) is a member based 501 c(3) non-profit in formation. This organization is managed by citizen volunteers that collectively intend to protect the Hana Highway’s unique natural environment and host culture through the promotion of responsible travel and educational programs, relating to sustainable tourism for residents, businesses and visitors.
To protect the Hana Highway’s unique natural environment and host culture through the promotion of responsible travel and educational programs relating to sustainable tourism for residents, businesses and visitors.
HHRA is committed to positively diversifying Hawaii’s travel industry through advocacy for sustainable tourism along the Hana Highway, to protect Hawaii’s unique natural environment and host culture. HHRA members strive to learn, grow and educate on the benefits of sustainable tourism for Hawaii.
All photos on this site were taken by local residents, William Haole and Willie Mahadacon.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.2143345
Retrieved Text: Many countries around the world have become more aware of the benefits of environmental protection. Yet even if most nations individually took steps to address their environmental issues, no nation acting alone can solve certain environmental problems which spill over national borders. No nation by itself can reduce emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases by enough to solve the problem of global warming—not without the cooperation of other nations. Another issue is the challenge of preserving biodiversity, which includes the full spectrum of animal and plant genetic material. Although a nation can protect biodiversity within its own borders, no nation acting alone can protect biodiversity around the world. Global warming and biodiversity are examples of international externalities.
Bringing the nations of the world together to address environmental issues requires a difficult set of negotiations between countries with different income levels and different sets of priorities. If nations such as China, India, Brazil, Mexico, and others are developing their economies by burning vast amounts of fossil fuels or by stripping their forest and wildlife habitats, then the world’s high-income countries acting alone will not be able to reduce greenhouse gases. However, low-income countries, with some understandable exasperation, point out that high-income countries do not have much moral standing to lecture them on the necessities of putting environmental protection ahead of economic growth. After all, high-income countries have historically been the primary contributors to greenhouse warming by burning fossil fuels—and still are today. It is hard to tell people who are living in a low-income country, where adequate

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.151357
Retrieved Text: Biocontrol products: what benefits for your crops ?
Biocontrol is a set of methods of plant protection by the use of natural mechanisms. Alone or associated with other methods of plant protection, these techniques are based on mechanisms and interactions that regulate the relations between species in the natural environment. Biocontrol is based on the management of the balances of the aggressors’ populations rather than their eradication.
We develop and produce yeast, yeast derivatives, bacteria and fungi, used alone or in synergy, to protect crops against the major fungal diseases.
Biocontrol products allow to protect the crops by reducing the use of the chemical phytosanitary products of synthesis. Thus, they are additional or alternative solutions that are efficient, environment-friendly and contributing to the reduction of the risks for the human health and the environment.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.129438
Retrieved Text: We are incredibly fortunate to have such a beautiful natural environment here in North Vancouver and we all need to do our best to protect it. The City is committed to facilitating and increasing long-term environmental sustainability within the community by integrating key projects and initiatives with education, cooperation and action. The City is doing our best to enhance the existing natural environment, protect sensitive habitats, and promote environmental stewardship among residents, businesses and community groups. A number of policies, regulations and bylaws have been put in place to ensure the health and safety of City residents and the protection of the environment.
Learn about Healthy Environment in this video.
As the City matures and develops through sustainable means, we build closer connections between our urban neighbourhoods and forested parkland. We all have opportunities to conserve existing natural resources and create an improved environment for the City and the fish and wildlife that live here.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.116689
Retrieved Text: The mission of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is to protect human health and the environment. That means clean air, clean water and clean land for everyone. The EPA implements and enforces the environmental laws that Congress passes by determining health and performance standards using the best available science, providing assistance to state and local government to help them protect and restore their natural resources and by stimulating innovation and scientific advancements through academic research support.
But with the new Administration and Scott Pruitt to take the helm of the EPA, these critical environmental programs that protect our health, environment and community safety are now at risk. Why?
On the campaign trail, President Trump stated firmly that he’d scrap the EPA, stating that it was doing more harm than good. But the truth is, Americans didn’t vote for dirty water and more pollution. There is a actually long bipartisan history in this country of supporting clean air, clean water and a healthy environment, which Pruitt and Trump’s Administration should be upholding rather than trying to destroy.
After being nominated by Donald Trump, Pruitt said: “The American people are tired of seeing billions of dollars drained from our economy due to unnecessary EPA regulations, and I intend to run this agency in a way that fosters both responsible protection of the environment and freedom for American businesses.” His cozy relationships with the energy industry, statements and actions are in a direct conflict to the role of the EPA Administrator. These industries should not get a free pass to cause real,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.091135
Retrieved Text: A Natural Environment debate, convened by the Birmingham and Black Country Wildlife Trust and Chaired by SWM Chair Peter Braithwaite, was held at Birmingham City University with the Mayoral candidates for the West Midlands Combined Authority on Friday 7 April.
It was an interesting event generating much discussion and a commitment from all mayoral candidates to work to develop a strong, long term, plan to protect and restore the natural environment integrated across all areas of policy.
A report from the event along with the answers received from candidates to the full list of questions written by the audience is now available on the newly created Greener West Midlands website. This website will be updated as more information becomes available along with video footage of the event.
The mayoral election takes place on 4 May and it is your chance to vote for who you think will best protect the region’s natural environment and wider sustainability issues.
Being the first generation to leave the natural environment in a better state than it inherited, through effective transfer of existing EU environment laws and an ambitious Environment Act for England which aims not just to maintain but restore our natural commonwealth.
A long term plan for the environment as recommended by the natural capital committee and sustainable new policies for the farmed environment, in which taxpayer’s money is invested in ways that deliver wide benefits, including abundant nature, healthy soils, clean water, climate change mitigation and beautiful landscapes.
A full, ecologically-coherent network of marine protected areas in UK seas.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.024764
Retrieved Text: Koh Kong provincial authorities plan to take action against people illegally occupying land in Peam Krasop Wildlife Sanctuary.
Provincial Governor Mithona Phouthorng said in a statement on Monday that the Environment Ministry and the provincial administration are determined to preserve the sanctuary for the benefit of all Cambodians.
She said the wildlife sanctuary was established by a royal decree in 1993 to protect and conserve natural resources, especially water sources.
Ms Mithona said that action being taken to protect the forest includes checking the documentation of those living in it and demolishing illegally-built structures.
“All the competent authorities, local authorities, and people who have land ownership certification letters in the Peam Krasop Wildlife Sanctuary, please cooperate with this initiative to protect the sanctuary,” she said.
Koh Kong Deputy Governor Sok Sothy could not be reached for comment yesterday. Provincial Hall director Ouch Touch declined to comment.
Adhoc provincial coordinator Mean Prom Mony said yesterday that he supports the action to protect the sanctuary.
However, he said that those who had settled in the area a long time ago should be relocated before they are told to vacate the land.
This entry was posted in environment, Khmer Time, Khmer Times, Khmer Times, khmertimes, Koh Kong, Land, Wildlife and tagged environment, Koh Kong, Land. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.020589
Retrieved Text: Learn about NSW plants and animals and our programs to protect, monitor, and conserve populations and habitat.
Areas protected by the National Parks and Wildlife Act play a critical role in protecting biodiversity, natural and cultural heritage.
Managing and monitoring our wetlands, rivers, floodplains, coasts and estuaries.
Land and soil are essential to our wellbeing and survival. Learn about the soils of NSW, the challenges of land degradation and the capability of land and soil to sustain us, our heritage and the environment.
Take action that matters - save energy, stop wasting money and make a difference to our environment.
We work with Aboriginal communities to preserve, protect and renew culture and heritage.
Explore the archaeological, built, Aboriginal and environmental heritage of NSW and learn how to protect and conserve it.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.943037
Retrieved Text: Like every year, this year world environment day will commemorate on 5th June. The initiative is taken by United Nations to celebrate this day to spread awareness among the people and encourage them to take some actions to protect the environment. Every year the campaign is raised with some environmental issues such as global warming, marine pollution, human overpopulation etc.
The theme each world environment day is set by United Nations that focus attention on some environment issues. The theme for 2018 is “Beat Plastic Pollution”.
India will be hosting the global world environment celebrations on June 5th 2018. Government, industries, communities and individuals will be urging to come together and look for the alternatives to reduce the plastic pollution that is polluting our oceans, damaging marine creatures and also threatening physical condition of the humans.
Everyone around the world will be asked to take pledge to keep the environment clean and make the environment greener. India has shown great leadership on climate change and now emerging as one of the leading recycling rates in the world. Now India will be taking action on this new initiative i.e. to beat plastic pollution. Making people aware about their social responsibility i.e. to protect earth is the goal of celebrating this day.
Each year, at least 13 million tones of plastic end up in the oceans, the equivalent of a full garbage truck every minute.
Participate in campaigns such as beach cleaning, society cleaning etc.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.940647
Retrieved Text: We’re counting on your renewed support as we head to court in 2019 to protect the people and places we love.
Here are just a few of the many legal battles your support will energize. You will help the Ecojustice team ensure that the federal government has the ability to implement climate solutions on a national scale; defend the Gulf of St. Lawrence from risky offshore oil exploration; and hold Premier Ford’s government to account for unlawfully ignoring the rights of Ontarians to be consulted on changes to laws that protect the environment.
Please, join the legal fight by renewing your support today.
Become a monthly donor and help us take on more precedent-setting lawsuits to defend nature, combat climate change, and protect your right to a healthy environment.
It’s risk free. Change or cancel your donation any time.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.935073
Retrieved Text: Nowadays more and more people are aware that the environment needs to be protected and each individual needs to play their part to help make this happen. This is a current trend that has popped up because people feel that we have damaged the environment for too long and if we don’t act fast to do something about it then we will face a lot of problems in the future. There are small changes that everyone can make in their lives for the good of the planet.
Use a renewable energy source Households can help protect the environment by using renewable energy sources like https://www.renewenergy.com.au/. This is not something that we can run out of because this is energy that is gained from the sun. This type of energy can also be accessed from any location even if it is a remote one. When you use certain fossil fuels for energy you will be using a non-renewable energy source which means that sooner or later these materials will run out so we need to try and conserve them for as long as we can.
Reduce your carbon footprint When you get solar hot water installation done in your home you will be reducing your carbon footprint. This is because unlike when fossil fuels burn there will be no harmful gases that are released into the air, so you will be reducing pollution and this will help reduce global warming. This means that you will be creating a much cleaner atmosphere so these benefits will be felt by everybody.
Turn

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.923417
Retrieved Text: At The Cleaning Authority of Anoka, we take pride in providing your Minneapolis home with an exceptional clean, as while doing our part to protect the environment. By using sustainable cleaning chemicals, HEPA vacuums, microfiber cloths, and EPA-registered disinfectant, we are able to deliver a deep clean that is safe for you, your family, and the environment. You will feel good about your home and doing your part to protect the world we live in!
If you are interested in learning more about our Minneapolis green cleaning services or setting up a free in-home estimate, call (763) 280-5223.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.920521
Retrieved Text: The Safe Environment for Children Project was created to protect children and other vulnerable persons from abuse. It is our moral obligation as Catholics to protect those who cannot protect themselves, and be aware of the warning signs of vulnerable persons who may be victims of abuse.
The Safe Environment program requires all adult parish volunteers and staff to be screened through the Megan’s Law database on an annual basis, all adult parish volunteers to complete training every 3 years, and all adult parish volunteers who work with minors to be LiveScan background checked prior to beginning their ministry.
If you have any questions about what you are required to do for Safe Environment, or if you have questions or concerns regarding Safe Environment at our parish, please contact the parish office at (510) 538-7941 or transfig_office@sbcglobal.net.
For more information regarding the Safe Environment for Children Project, please see the resources available on the diocesan Safe Environment webpage.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.911199
Retrieved Text: Skills and employment at Wembley Park- Find the latest opportunities.
If you are a Brent based school, charity, college or individual looking for some more information on our construction skills programme, click the tabs below and sign up for more notifications.
INTERESTED IN OUR SCHOOL PROGRAMMES?
FANCY LEARNING A NEW SKILL?
Wembley Park is a Client Partner of the Considerate Constructors Scheme which seeks to improve the image of the construction industry by striving to promote and achieve best practice under the code. All main contractors managed by Quintain adhere to this code.
Care about appearance – we strive to ensure sites appear professional and are well managed.
Respect the community – we give utmost consideration to their impact on neighbours and the public.
Protect the environment – we strive to protect and enhance the environment.
Secure everyone’s safety – we aim to attain the highest levels of safety performance.
Value their workforce – we provide a supportive and caring working environment.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.880452
Retrieved Text: Only a certified recycler can protect your data and the environment.
Becoming certified has been a more than three-year commitment for us, including multiple on-site and downstream audits. It’s also a signficant financial investment. And we see it as just that—an investment.
That means you can be confident that we do everything possible to protect your privacy and preserve our environment.
Recycling right is more important than ever. We have a crisis.
Electronic waste is expected to more than double to 93.5 million tons by 2016. Obsolete cell phones, tablets, and computers contain toxic materials—not to mention private information. So, they need to be disposed of properly, by a certified recycler.
Right now, it is estimated that only 30% of e-waste is recycled.
We make it easy to upgrade your electronics without downgrading the environment or compromising your privacy. Find a location to recycle cell phones, computers, and other electronic waste.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.879915
Retrieved Text: Fatima Group is committed to achieving fertilizer market leadership in Pakistan by implementing global standards for Safety, Security, Health and Environment for production, distribution and marketing systems. Our initiative to comply with the IFA's Protect and Sustain Product Stewardship Programme is an evidence of our firm adherence to this cause.
We are committed to working with our farmers, dealers, suppliers and contractors in order to ensure complete adherence to IFA's Protect & Sustain Product Stewardship Program. For this purpose, we will provide information, training and assistance to align their actions in accordance to the IFA's Protect and Sustain Programme.
We will endeavor to ensure the continual satisfaction of our consumers, customers and are committed to maximizing the efficiency and effectiveness of resources and technologies available. IFA's Protect and Sustain Product Stewardship will assist in achieving improved standards of safety by reducing the risks related to fertilizer production, distribution and marketing throughout the product life cycle.
We aim to work closely with global and local institutes and forums to encourage our consumers and customers and other stakeholders to work in compliance with IFA's Protect and Sustain Product Stewardship policies and practices.
We will pursue technological innovations to augment the image of our fertilizer products, maintain their quality and process and allocate adequate resources and adhere to IFA's Protect and Sustain Product Stewardship policies and practices as a regular corporate feature.
We will voluntarily share learning experiences and lessons related to Health, Safety, Security and Environment issues with all employees and as advised by IFA, unless under legal constraints or if the information

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.875379
Retrieved Text: The Environment Agency has published guidance and a position statement endorsing the use of ground source heating and cooling (GSHC).
The Agency has produced an environmental good practice guide aimed at designers, developers, installers, drillers and owners of GSHC schemes.
In the position statement, the Agency says: "We support the development of sustainable renewable energy whilst ensuring that appropriate measures are in place to protect the environment.
"Ground source heating and cooling (GSHC) systems can help to meet UK and Welsh Assembly Government renewable energy and greenhouse gas reduction targets."
According to the Agency, GSHC systems can reduce energy bills by as much as £530 per year for a family household and carbon dioxide emissions by more than 5 tonnes per year, compared with an electric heating system.
Environment Agency research shows that there are around 12,000 ground source heat and cooling systems in the UK and it believes that this figure could increase to more than 300,000 systems by 2020.
The Environment Agency regulates the installation of open loop ground source heating and cooling systems, which take water from underground sources or rivers and discharge it back to the environment.
Closed loop systems, which consist of a closed piping system, do not require a permit, but clear guidance must be followed to minimise the risks of groundwater pollution.
Environment Agency chairman, Lord Chris Smith, said: "Renewable energy will play a vital role in cutting carbon emissions and the long-term protection of the environment. However, renewable technology must be sustainable.
"These new guidelines for ground source heating and cooling will ensure that appropriate measures are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.860155
Retrieved Text: My experience while working with riverine communities has shown me that the interests of such communities are almost always under threat from various quarters. This therefore makes it necessary for the members of the riverine communities to figure out ways in which they can protect their interests. Today, we will be looking at three such ways, in which the members of riverine communities can protect their (various) interests.
The first way in which the members of riverine communities can protect their interests is by engaging actively in politics. The members of riverine communities have to realize that the world out there is brutal, and it is only by amassing some political power that they can gain some respect. The world out there is not an egalitarian environment, such as that which is normally found in employee-owned companies like Publix. If you make a point of visiting the Publix employee portal, which is found at www.publix.org, you wont fail to catch the egalitarian vibe. But the real world works differently: it is a cut-throat environment, made up of people with fiercely competing interests. Political power therefore comes in handy when trying to protect your interests.
The second way in which the members of riverine communities can protect their interests is by being always ready to litigate. If other people around a given riverine community are aware that it is always ready to litigate, they will tend to be careful about hurting that community’s interests — lest they be sued.
The third way in which the members of riverine communities can

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.840911
Retrieved Text: ECO-UNESCO is Ireland's environmental education and youth organisation.
ECO-UNESCO work to conserve the environment and empower young people. ECO-UNESCO promotes the personal development of young people by developing and channelling the passion that young people feel about the environment into positive and creative actions to protect the natural world. ECO-UNESCO is affiliated to the World Federation of UNESCO Clubs, Centres and Associations (WFUCA).
ECO-UNESCO provides a wide range of environmental education and training programmes which include: Youth for Sustainable Development, Learning2Change Our World, ECO-UNESCO Clubs, and ECO-Youth Choices Programme. The annual ECO-UNESCO Young Environmentalist Awards honours the work of young people between the ages of 12 and 18 who protect, conserve and enhance our environment through local environmental projects, making a difference to their lives and the lives of others locally and globally.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.83599
Retrieved Text: Urgent changes need to be made to the way in which wild deer are managed, monitored and culled in Scotland, a Holyrood committee has said.
Scottish Natural Heritage, the organisation charged with protecting Scotland's natural environment, is "failing to provide leadership" in managing the damaging impact of deer, according to a report by the Environment, Climate Change and Land Reform Committee.
Convener Graeme Dey said habitats damaged by deer take a long time to recover and better management is needed in order to achieve government biodiversity strategy targets.
The committee found that current legislation which aims to protect the natural environment from deer is not fit for purpose and that 50% of deer management groups are not delivering an "effective plan on the ground".
Habitats damaged by deer take a long time to recover. We simply can't go on like this if we're to achieve the Scottish biodiversity strategy targets.
That's why we've outlined recommendations for Scottish Natural Heritage and the Scottish Government to act to protect and hopefully restore these habitats as a matter of urgency.

================



======= Instance Index 276 =========
Input Text: Animals require

Which is the correct answer?
- the help of people
- the environmental output of plants
- the same gas needed for photosynthesis
- a lack of natural resources

Target Text: the environmental output of plants

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.165427
Retrieved Text: The Cliverton private ownership insurance is suitable for people who are looking to cover the Public Liability of their own pets or animals, this policy is not suitable for those people who require cover for vets fees for their own animals.
We can arrange Public Liability for your own farm animals, providing they are not commercially used.
Providing you do not use the birds/poultry for any commercial activities we are able to provide the Public Liability.
This covers claims arising from the actions of you, an employee or the therapy animal which has resulted in injury to a third-party or damage to their property due to your negligence.
We cannot cover any animals that are subject to Dangerous Wild Animals Act (DWAA) regulations – if you require cover for an animal subject to this Act please click here.
For any banned breeds i.e Dogo Argentino, Pit Bull Terrier, Japanese Tosa or Fila Brazilieo, we will need sight of the Life Certificate.
For any dogs that are subject to an ASBO, we require sight of the Dog Control Order Certificate.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.925402
Retrieved Text: In response to what they claim are growing complaints, two of the nation’s largest airlines – Delta and United – have imposed new rules effective March 1, 2018, regarding passengers traveling with service and emotional-support animals.
Delta, which says travelers bring about 250,000 service or support animals on its planes each year, reported an 84 percent increase in consumer complaints in 2017 from the previous year. The airline said the complaints have included “urination/defecation, biting and even a widely reported attack by a 70-pound dog,” as well as “increased acts of aggression (barking, growling, lunging and biting) from service and support animals.” United saw a 75 percent jump in complaints.
Airline rules concerning service and emotional-support animals are governed by the Air Carrier Access Act (ACAA), which preceded the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) by two years. The ACAA distinguishes between service animals—animals trained to perform specific tasks to accommodate a person’s disability—and emotional-support animals, which receive no protection under the ADA.
While airlines cannot require documentation proving that an animal is a service animal, they can do so for emotional-support animals. Airlines can request documentation for both types of animals for flights of eight or more hours to demonstrate that the animal will not have to relieve itself in-flight.
Although airlines cannot require advance notice that a person is traveling with a service animal, they can require 48 hours’ notice for emotional-support animals, as well as for all animals for flights of eight hours or more.
Under Delta’s new policy, passengers flying with either service or emotional-support animals must provide

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.862788
Retrieved Text: Adopting an animal requires a lot of responsibility. The animals at our shelter have not had the best of luck in their first homes and are looking for you to provide them with a stable, loving home for the rest of their lives.
Please consider these factors before filling out an application.
Animals are expensive to care for. They require food, toys, grooming supplies, and veterinary care.
Animals are work. They are completely reliant on you to provide for them. You have to clean up after their messes and protect them from anything that might harm them. Many require training, which takes patience, love, and commitment.
Animals require attention. Some may require less than others, but all need time and a lot of positive interactions with their owner(s).
Animals live a long time. You must be ready to keep and care for your pet for their entire lifespan.
Most importantly, make sure you have the resources and room in your lifestyle to provide all of these things for your pet!
Pets require LOVE and ATTENTION.
All pets adopted from our shelter must be altered before they go home with an adopter. In most cases, our animals have already been spayed or neutered and the surgery is included in the adoption donation fee. For those animals that need to be spayed or neutered, an appointment at a local participating vet clinic will be made after the adoption has been completed. The cost of the spay/neuter surgery is not included in the adoption fee; it is the responsibility of the adopter. New adopters will pick up

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.801332
Retrieved Text: Animals may require hospitalisation for a number of reasons including treatment for illness, recovery from surgical procedures or even just spending the day with us so that diagnostic procedures can be performed. Our hospital ward has pumps for intravenous fluid therapy, heating pads when required and various sized cages with soft bedding provided to ensure your pet is kept comfortable and warm during their stay. When your pet is in hospital they are monitored regularly by vets and nurses. Although the clinic is not staffed overnight, the veterinarian on call will arrange to check on animals during the night should they require it.
For very sick animals which require 24 hour intensive care we recommend referral to a veterinary critical care clinic which is staffed around the clock. There are several 24 hour emergency centres located in Melbourne and surrounding areas.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.705657
Retrieved Text: Service animals, like Sully, the service dog of the late President George H. W. Bush, have to be accommodated under the Americans With Disabilities Act. But emotional support animals do not, and Florida lawmakers are trying to crack down on bogus support animals.
Lawmakers are considering whether to crack down on bogus emotional support animals, and if there’s one thing we’ve learned from reader reaction to our story on the subject, it’s that people love their animals. And if there’s another thing we learned, it’s that people dislike other people’s animals.
Our Facebook post on the story has garnered dozens of comments, and people on both sides of the issue feel very strongly as to whether you should be able to bring your pooch to Publix.
Then you’ve got the people who are angrier at politicians than they are at pets — or even at the media for reporting on the subject in the first place.
The problem of allowing service animals in public places — which is mandatory under federal law — and banning emotional support animals is this: How do you tell it’s one and not the other?
Service animals, which under federal law include dogs and miniature horses that are trained for the purpose, have to be accommodated for under the federal Americans With Disabilities Act. But emotional support animals do not. The reason you read about them popping up on airplanes so often is that these animals are covered under the Air Carrier Access Act and the Fair Housing Act, so airlines and landlords have to make

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.669818
Retrieved Text: petition: Airlines want to make it harder for people to travel with emotional support animals! Protect ESAs!
Airlines want to make it harder for people to travel with emotional support animals! Protect ESAs!
I used to take medication daily to help curb my anxiety until I adopted my dog. Bowie is more than a four-legged friend he has helped me to get off medication and live a fuller, more complete life. Although he is not classified as one, he is my emotional support animal (ESA).
Traveling can be stressful for many people and emotional support animals can provide the traveler with physical and psychological support needed to make the journey.
But after a woman famously tried to take a pet peacock on a flight, Delta Airlines and other airlines are tightening the requirements and making it harder for pasangers to fly with their pets.
Delta and United Airlines announced that, effective March 1, 2018, they will place new restrictions on emotional-support animals and may require documentation of each animal's health and training. Delta will require passengers seeking to fly with pets to present additional documents outlining passenger's need for the animal and proof of the animal's training and vaccinations, 48 hours prior to the scheduled flight.
American Airlines is also reviewing its policies on support animals. DOT is expected to propose new rules to address support animals in July.
Delta's new policy demands more than just a note from my doctor outlining my issue, it demands passengers present proof of the animal's training. But Emotional Support Animal certification training can cost thousands of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.56993
Retrieved Text: HydroGel® is a non-wetting, sterile water gel for animal hydration. 98% pure water. The industry standard for hydration during transportation.
Purified Water, Hydrocolloids, Food Acid, Electrolyte Mix.
24 month shelf life. Does not require refrigeration or special handling.
Animal transport – clean, dry, and single use.
What does Barrier Packed mean?
Barrier Packed products contain cups or pouches inside of a medical grade Tyvek bag. This saves labor by eliminating the need to wash individual cups or pouches when transferring into a clean room or biosecurity facility.
Why are gel products a good choice for research animals?
Unlike water bottles and mash diets, gels provide a consistent amount of hydration, nutrition and medication without wetting the animal. While particularly useful when transporting animals, HydroGel, is also a great choice for recovering animals and special needs animals who require consistent, easy-to-consume hydration support.
How much HydroGel do I need to supply for an animal during shipment?
The amount of HydroGel required is dependent on the species of animal, the number of days in transit, and the number of animals. Daily water consumption differs by animal. Please note many factors such as ambient temperature, animal weight and environmental conditions impact the daily water consumption. The suggested values listed below are average daily water consumption guidelines for frequently shipped animals. HydroGel® is 98% pure water; therefore, the gel consumption is equivalent to water consumption.
What is the best way to store HydroGel products?
Unopened HydroGel can be stored at room temperature and does not require special handling. Shelf life for unopened HydroGel is 24 months from date of manufacture.
Once opened

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.569048
Retrieved Text: FDA finalizes rule to require veterinary supervision of antimicrobial use in food-producing animals.
FDA and the animal feed industry have been working for years to address concerns about the use of medically important antibiotics to promote growth or feed efficiency in food-producing animals. As previously covered on this blog, FDA has requested voluntary industry efforts to reduce the use of antibiotics in food-producing animals and has proposed to expand the collection of data regarding the use of antibiotics in major food-producing species. Congress also is considering a bill that would require FDA to withdraw the approval of particular antibiotics at high risk of abuse in food-producing animals.
On June 3, 2015, FDA published a final rule regarding Veterinary Feed Directive (VFD) drugs. Under the new rule, the use of antimicrobials in food-producing animals must take place under veterinary supervision to ensure that such use occurs only when medically necessary to promote animal health.
The rule represents only the latest in a series of steps being taken by FDA to promote the judicious use of medically important antimicrobial drugs in food-producing animals. The animal drug and animal feed industries must remain attuned to developments in this space as numerous stakeholders continue to work together to reduce antibiotic use.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.384924
Retrieved Text: Search Snake Pest Control. Visit & Lookup Immediate Results Now.
Get Warm Blooded Reptiles Metasearch & Social Results Here.
Find Deals on Snake Stopper Snake Repellant in Pest Control on Amazon.
Search for Snake Deterant. Find Snake Deterant!
Snakes are cold-blooded. They become cold if the temperature gets cold. Since snakes cannot maintain their own body temperature, they move to warmer climates to stay warm. Snakes usually enter residences or underground tunnels to escape the cold.
Most reptiles today are cold-blooded, meaning their body temperature is determined by how warm or cold their surroundings are. But, some of the modern ocean's top predators, tuna and swordfish, are “homeothermic” (aka warm-blooded), or able to keep their body temperatures at a constant temperature despite changing environmental conditions.
Cold-blooded animals also need to be warm and active to find a mate and reproduce. Being cold-blooded, however, also has its advantages. Cold-blooded animals require much less energy to survive than warm-blooded animals do. Mammals and birds require much more food and energy than do cold-blooded animals of the same weight.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.371881
Retrieved Text: Is Your Workplace Animal Friendly?
Does your company allow service or emotional support animals for employees? As of now, Title I of ADA fails to define what constitutes a service animal or whether it’s considered an undue hardship. Service animals, in comparison to emotional support animals, have received specific training to perform tasks for an individual with a disability. Emotional support animals require no training, but rather provide companionship to their owners. As we await further guidance on whether service and emotional support animals represent reasonable accommodations, keep these considerations in mind.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.362425
Retrieved Text: What standards must be met in order to have credibility?
what is the Law of a herd, bred from male and female BP which originated exclusively from BP found in their Shechted mothers as non-fully gestateds?
​First of all may the owners consume them as BP?
May others also consume them as BP?
Notwithstanding the Halacha rules regarding BP, we still seek your approval.
​​What Halachic protocols provide guaranteed reliability that these animals are truly BP?
​Furthermore, is it appropriate to promote such BP in our times?
​Rav Goren now begins his response ​It appears that this project is being managed by Gd fearing trustworthy people who testify that the entire herd is derived from foetuses that were not fully gestated.
​The Halacha deems these animals to be dead, as we see in the Gemara Shabbos, 135a - a baby born in its eighth month of gestation is deemed to be unviable, and it is therefore Muktzeh, it cannot be moved during Shabbos [just like a corpse] and the Gemara Bechoros, 8a, suggests animals with a 9 month gestation are equivalent in this respect to humans.
Now, although human babies at 7 months gestation are deemed viable [unlike 8 month gestated babies that are deemed unviable] and the Gemara Nidah 24b, considers this might also be true of animals; it is nevertheless clear from the Mishnah, Chullin 4:5, and the Shulchan Aruch, YD 13:4, that animals of 7 months gestation are certainly deemed to be dead. If they were deemed to be alive they would be subject to the same concerns of Maris Ayin as

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.307147
Retrieved Text: Complementary food indicated in the recovery of animals with anemia or vitamin deficiency.
Corrector of deficiencies in the diet and to states that require a greater contribution vitamínico-mineral such as pregnancy, lactation and older dogs.
convalescence of diseases and advanced age.
Composition per tablet: Vitamins and minerals.
Administration: 1 comp./day for every 10 Kg of weight.
Description: Complementary food indicated in the recovery of animals with anemia or vitamin deficiency. Corrector of deficiencies in the diet and to states that require a greater contribution vitamínico-mineral such as pregnancy, lactation and older dogs.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.290516
Retrieved Text: The endangered degree is the place these animals are protected to stop extinction. Now, with animals missing authorized standing, we don’t see animals trotted to the gallows. Many zoos in Australia maintain special events, ‘behind the scenes’ tours and in a single day stays which include shut encounters with the animals.
The animals which might be in a position to study from experience and are unique to the animal world, are these animals with well developed nervous techniques. Native animals and their habitats are at specific danger and require stringent protections. They should make the animals free from zoos and cages and support animals and begin setting conservation applications.
But I found a sad copy of this painting on Etsy where I sell, by some guy who simply determined to start portray pet portraits after not portray since highschool 20 years before. Furthermore, testing drugs and procedures on animals trigger painful struggling and deaths for 1000’s of animals.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.276354
Retrieved Text: illegal to buy or keep them in most states.
pet usually encounter great difficulty in placing their animals in a new home.
incapable of removing himself or herself from the ferret.
health, other animal species, the environment, or to the animals themselves.
health, other animals, and/or the environment.
animals for such purpose should be prohibited.
unusual pets or regard them as status symbols.
wild; therefore, euthanasia may be the only alternative.
require a permit for their presence.
of rabies in these animals.
prevent both escape and direct contact with humans and other animals.
Owner or keepers of canine hybrids may be at increased risk for liability.
appropriate health care through treatment and preventive medicine.
biologics that can be used on such animals.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.178115
Retrieved Text: If you are unable to adopt, but would like to help these amazing animals, there are many other ways you can help! Donations of any size help us provide our rescued animals with the loving care they need.We provide our animals with high quality food, shelter, veterinary care, training, stimulation, and a lot of love! Many of our animals are on special diets and require extra veterinary care. Your donations will directly impact the lives of our animals and will help Spirited Sanctuary to continue to make sure that these animals get the best care. You can participate by signing up below to become a Kare Keeper and making a monthly donation to the sanctuary. All gifts are 100% tax-deductible and SO appreciated!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.156214
Retrieved Text: United Airlines is changing its policies on emotional support animals on its flights.
Beginning Monday, support animals will not be allowed on flights longer than eight hours.
United says it has seen more on-board animal-related incidents, adding many are not used to spending so much time on a plane.
The airline says it also will not allow kittens or puppies less than four months old as support animals, in-cabin pets or service animals.
Many airlines also require at least 48 hours notice as well as extra documentation.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.144764
Retrieved Text: Diets fed to growing animals should be specifically designed to have a higher concentration of nutrients because young, growing animals have nutritional requirements not just for maintaining their current body mass, but also for making new tissue. More fuel and nutrients must be consumed to increase body mass by building bones, muscles, nerves, and vessels. Yet, young animals have a volume limitation: despite increased nutritional needs, young, growing animals have a small gastrointestinal capacity when compared to adults, so their diets must contain increased concentrations of nutrients.
If you need help feeding your growing pet, click Chef to request a consultation.
As there is now sufficient scientific evidence to substantiate a further delineation of growth diets, the Growth life stage should be further defined for large and giant breeds of dog verses small and medium breeds.
Large and giant breeds of dog, those weighing more than 65 lbs when fully mature, require mature require a diet formulated to help prevent Developmental Orthopedic (Bone) Disease (DOD) and Obesity. These diets are specifically formulated to have higher concentrations of nutrients in a food with fewer calories. In general, DOD and obesity occur when excessive calories are consumed, i.e., overfeeding.
The level of protein in these diets is not a factor in DOD.
Calcium intake is an important factor in DOD and should be limited to 1% of the diet dry matter.
​Medium breeds of dogs do very well on the average growth diet available today. “Toy” and small breed dogs on the other hand generally require not only a higher concentration of nutrients but

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.144489
Retrieved Text: We will never sacrifice quality for price.
Invented for animals by someone who loves animals.
ScratchnAll is a durable scratcher pad used by animals large and small. It provides safe relief from itching which plagues barnyard, domestic and zoo animals. The ScratchnAll animal scratcher pad is easy to install and has the ability to bend over corners and interlock. Because of its unique shape and features, you can create a pattern which best suits the animals' enrichment needs. The pad's 212 points can touch key acupressure areas and is the perfect self-grooming solution. Originally invented for the horse, the scratcher pad is now satisfying many different species of animals. Read more about the ScratchnAll scratcher pad.
How many pads do I need for my animals?
For small animals such as goats and pigs, 2 may suffice. For larger animals such as horses and cows, a minimum of 4 is suggested. You'll want to consider the amount of scratching area that your animal(s) may require.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.143306
Retrieved Text: Kawaii killer - go hunting to the forest full of cute animals. Kill animals with one move of your finger using various weapons. Track sly animals together with the main character of this Android game. Wait until another animal comes from his shelter. Hit an animal with a hammer, cut it to pieces with your sword, cut with a saw or use other weapons of your big arsenal. Your reward depends on your attentiveness and legerity of your fingers. Remember that different animals require different methods of killing them.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.110537
Retrieved Text: Jan 29, 2009 (foodconsumer.org) -- Consumer Union reported Jan 15, 2009 that the FDA had announced that it would not require labeling on meat or fish from genetically engineered animals.
The Final Guidance on Regulation of Genetically Engineered Animals, released just two days before the dissolution of the Bush administration, states that FDA will require a mandatory safety approval process, but no labeling will be required.
The consumer Union characterized the FDA action as a last favor intended for the industry. It said its recent poll found than 95 percent of consumers support labeling of meat and milk from genetically engineered animals.
"Despite thousands of comments from consumers saying they want to know if engineered meat or fish is in their supermarket, FDA claims these foods are not different from conventional food, and therefore don't need to be labeled," stated Jean Halloran, Director of Food Policy Initiatives at Consumers Union, nonprofit publisher of Consumer Reports.
"This flies in the face of consumer opinion and common sense. These foods should be labeled because they are different--in FDA's terms the presence of novel genes is a material fact," Halloran stated.
Michael Hansen, PhD, a senior scientist at Consumers Union indicated that he was concerned about the safety of genetically engineered animals.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.073338
Retrieved Text: Your Donation will help hundreds of sheltered and abandoned animals receive the desperately needed surgeries they require to keep them alive.
In 2016, according to National database for shelter animal counts, 416,333 animal intakes were in the state of California alone. 86,048 of these animals were euthanized or died in care. Most euthanasia are due to animals in need of care they cant receive at shelter due to lack of funds, staff, overcrowding or expertise.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.054856
Retrieved Text: Shamans understand “the web of life”; that everything on Earth is deeply interconnected through the web of Spirit.
Nothing embodies this understanding better than nature, how it nurtures us, and how we nurture it in a mutually dependent relationship.
Animals or hybrid animals (half animal half human) play a big role in the Shaman’s journey.
Spirit animals serve as Guides that share vital information and serve as reminders whenever we require their help.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.002456
Retrieved Text: Balloon Beginners: How to make a balloon dog. Beginner tutorial on how to make a basic one balloon dog. Please check out my other beginner tutorials You can also follow me on twitter... Drawing balloon letters isn’t as hard as you think it is. Today I will show you an easy way to make bubble balloon letters so that you can impress your friends. The step by step instructions are below.
Some dogs are simply easier to take care than others, require minimal grooming, exercise and training, making them an ideal choice for the first-time dog owners and beginners. Dogs who are highly sensitive, have personality and attitude, or assertive, require more training and are downright hard for first-time owners to manage. how to make a automatic tnt cannon in minecraft pe Some dogs are simply easier to take care than others, require minimal grooming, exercise and training, making them an ideal choice for the first-time dog owners and beginners. Dogs who are highly sensitive, have personality and attitude, or assertive, require more training and are downright hard for first-time owners to manage.
For those of you out there hoping to become a professional ballooner, you can use this video to help get your skill moving. In this video, learn how to make a simple balloon dog - perfect for a beginner. how to train dog to run on treadmill Balloon Animals for Beginners: Hi, I’m Emily from Inner Child Fun. I am eleven years-old. Why don’t you join me for some crafty fun? For this project, we

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.988491
Retrieved Text: It creates unfavorable conditions for the vitality of intestinal pinworms, roundworms, tapeworms and schistosomes, thus helping to eliminate them.
Gunaelmint is well tolerated and is not harmful to the human or animal. Side effects: None known.
Horses - 5 consecutive days, take 3 sachets twice a day (i.e/ 3x in morning in feed, 3x in evening in feed), and after 15-day break repeat the 5 day course.
Dogs & Cats - 5 consecutive days, take 1 sachet two times a day, and after 15-day break repeat the 5 day course.
Dissolve the contents of sachet in a glass of water, stir and take straight away. For animals add to their feed.
Horses will require 2 boxes for 1 dose.
Humans will require 1 box for 1 dose.
Small pets will require 3/4 of a box.
* If worming is a problem, repeat until clear.
* Maintenance dosages for animals - repeat every 6 months, unless otherwise indicated.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.96921
Retrieved Text: With livestock fencing for sheep, goats, and alpacas, there are three main options to choose from. Livestock fencing not long keeps the animals in a desingated area, but it also protects the areas from potential predators, such as coyotes, bobcats, and domestic dogs. Hi-tensile wire fencing usually contains one to ten strains of wire and is electrified to keep animals in and predators out. Some sheep will still dive under the wire, and sheep's wool tends to protect them from the electric current. Hi-tensile fencing does require weed control because of low wiring near the ground.
Board fencing is also often used for animal containment. Livestock cannot get under or go through this type of fencing, as is the case with wire. It offers you an aesthetically pleasing look and peace of mind, but still requires a hot wire strand around the outside to prevent animals from digging in. Often it takes four or more boards to get the height you want to contain your livestock, and board fencing does require some maintanence, such as painting and replacing the boards.
Woven wire fencing offers peace of mind that your livestock cannot get out (unless you leave the gate open!) The wire protects the sheep, goats, and alpacas from predators, and the tight wire pattern is designed to keep young and mature animals alike contained. Weed control is not a major concern with this type of fence, and it can be used for other animals as well, including chickens, beef cows, horses, and your pets. The price is comparable

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.962593
Retrieved Text: The Tortoise & The Hairless, is currently providing forever homes to many animals in need. With your help and donations you will be working with us to achieve our goal of opening a large sanctuary, where we can provide a lasting home for many types of animals.
Your donations of all kinds help provide comfortable living for our many animals. Some require daily medication and special attention. We accept donations in many forms, for more information on what items we need please conact us.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.962247
Retrieved Text: Home » Uncategorized » Thank you Petco Foundation!
We are so pleased to announce that we have been awarded a $4000 grant from the Petco Foundation to support our efforts to go the extra mile for the animals in our care, so we can be a lifesaver for animals with special medical needs. Over 70% of the animals we save each year are from our local Vermont communities. Over 40% of the animals who come to us require special medical care before adoption. Support from our community and generous grants like this make it possible for us to go the extra mile for every animal in our care. Thank you!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.950413
Retrieved Text: Home > Vitamin Basics > Do Animals Need Vitamin Supplements?
Animals can make a number of the vitamins they need, such as vitamin B3, vitamin C and vitamin D, in their own bodies, and the bacteria in their gut can make vitamin K, but they require a healthy, balanced diet to make up the rest of their vitamin requirements.
Many animals can manufacture vitamin B3 (niacin) in their livers, converting tryptophan, an amino acid, into the vitamin, which helps the body release energy from food. Any protein-rich food will provide a good source of tryptophan.
Many animals can make their own vitamin C by converting glucose in their kidneys (reptiles and some birds) or liver (mammals and some other birds). Vitamin C helps keep cells healthy.
As they have evolved, some animals have lost the enzyme that converts glucose to vitamin C. These include many birds and fish, guinea pigs, some bats and many of the primates, including humans, and so these will need to have vitamin C as part of their diet. Animals that are ill or under stress may need extra vitamin C.
Animals make vitamin D when sunlight hits their bare skin and converts the provitamin 7-dehydrocalciferol into vitamin D3. Vitamin D helps maintain the levels of calcium, keeping teeth and bones strong and healthy. Animals and birds covered with fur or feathers may not get much sunlight hitting their skin, but they can make vitamin D in their fur or feathers and then swallow the vitamin D when they groom themselves. Like humans, animals that do not

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.941128
Retrieved Text: Some animals are naturally nervous and some are affected by particular situations such as travelling, competitions, sales, clipping, fireworks, thunder and lightening. Animals have different thresholds in how they react to particular situations and as such they require a supplement flexible enough to adapt to various situations.
Chillax is a scientifically designed nutritional supplement blend of chelated magnesium, marine & dairy peptides designed to restore chemical balance to central nervous system and to help calm excitable animals in stressful conditions, therefore maximising performance.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.926573
Retrieved Text: Because Animals – an animal-free pet food brand recently launched out of Philadelphia – aims to make a ‘worldwide impact’ through an environmentally friendly, animal-free approach.
The pair joined forces while seeking food for their companion animals that was not only nutritious and environmentally friendly – but did not require other animals to die in its production.
Errett told PBN the supplement promises better digestion, and a ‘softer, shinier coat’ for companion animals.
He added: “Our supplements contain over 250 million active probiotic cultures, and antioxidant-dense fruit and vegetable powders.
The brand has already been accepted to Amazon’s startup program Amazon Launchpad – and has received support from the network of investors informally called ‘the vegan mafia’, which aims to support brands that take animals out of the sales equation.

================



======= Instance Index 18 =========
Input Text: Tunnels

Which is the correct answer?
- lead to less impacted soil
- pact down soil to make it denser
- firm up the ground
- help prevent the effects of erosion

Target Text: lead to less impacted soil

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.3543215
Retrieved Text: https://wholesale.painfulpleasures.com/notched-threaded-tunnels-stainless-steel-earlets-price-per-1.html?___store=2 2638 Notched Threaded Tunnels Stainless Steel Earlets - Price Per 1 https://cdnstoremedia.painfulpleasures.com/media/catalog/product/p/0/p033.jpg 2.75 2.75 USD InStock /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/00g Plugs & 00g Tunnels (10mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/6g Plugs & Tunnels (4mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/4g Plugs & Tunnels (5mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/2g Plugs & Tunnels (6mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/0g Plugs & 0g Tunnels (8mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/7/16" to 15/16" Plugs & Tunnels (11-24mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/1" to 3" Plugs & Tunnels (25-50mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Tunnels/Surgical Steel Tunnels 316L Stainless Steel Notched Threaded Tunnels Extremely Nice. Hand Polished with a brilliant shine. 12g-10mm plugs have a wearable area of 8mm 11mm - 25mm plugs have a wearable area of 10mm USD 2639 Notched Threaded Tunnels Stainless Steel Earlets - Price Per 1 - 11mm ~ 7/16" 3.25 3.25 https://cdnstoremedia.painfulpleasures.com/media/catalog/product/p/0/p033.jpg InStock 11mm ~ 7/16" 2640 Notched Threaded Tunnels Stainless Steel Earlets - Price Per 1 - 19mm ~ 3/4" 3.65 3.65 https://cdnstoremedia.painfulpleasures.com/media/catalog/product/p/0/p033.jpg InStock 19mm ~ 3/4" 2641 Notched Threaded Tunnels Stainless Steel Earlets - Price Per 1 - 22mm ~ 7/8" 3.75 3.75 https://cdnstoremedia.painfulpleasures.com/media/catalog/product/p/0/p033.jpg InStock 22mm ~ 7/8" 2642 Notched Threaded Tunnels Stainless Steel Earlets - Price Per 1 - 8mm ~ 0g 3 3 https://cdnstoremedia.painfulpleasures.com/media/catalog/product/p/0/p033.jpg InStock 8mm ~ 0g 2643 Notched Threaded Tunnels Stainless Steel

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.108139
Retrieved Text: There are 6 primary works and 6 total works in the Tunnels Series Tunnels (Tunnels, #1) .. Deeper (Tunnels, #2) by Roderick Gordon (Goodreads Author) .
Tunnels is a subterranean fiction novel by British authors Roderick Gordon and Brian Williams.. .. was published in the UK on 18 May 2009 (in the United States on 1 .
Read and Download PDF Ebook terminal tunnels 6 roderick gordon at Online Ebook Library.
Roderick Gordon OverDrive (Rakuten OverDrive): eBooks .
Roderick self-published a book in 2005 called The Highfield Mole that caught the eye of .. Tunnels Series Book 6 Roderick Gordon Author Brian Williams Author (2013 .
View and read Tunnels pdf ebook free online before you .. The Tunnels is a book by Greg Mitchell on 2016-10-18.. .. Tunnels is a book by R.. Gordon,Roderick Gordon .
Kid's Books at Amazon - Millions of titles, new & used.
Search for Tunnels Roderick Gordon Pdf .
In this sixth and concluding book of the Tunnels series, .. 2007 Roderick Gordon; 2007 Brian Williams (P) .. 2018 Audible, Inc .
Roderick Gordon and Brian Williams first met at college in London and have remained friends .. Tunnels, Deeper, Freefall, and closer .. 18.. How does Cal react .

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.055124
Retrieved Text: The Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar is a very interesting fortress - dug out from the solid limestone by the British during the Great Siege of Gibraltar at the end of the 18th century. The Great Siege - which lasted from 1779 to 1783 - was an attempt by France and Spain to capture Gibraltar from Great Britain during the American Revolutionary War. During World War II the tunnels were expanded so that the tunnels could house up to 16,000 men.
A vintage canon inside the Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar.
One of the long tunnels inside the Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar.
One of the many full-size figures inside the Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar.
A vintage canon outside the entrance to the Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar.
Some of the gun embrasures from the Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar - seen from the outside.
One of the many information posters inside the Great Siege Tunnels of Gibraltar.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.032574
Retrieved Text: SILVER FLAMES Tunnel Horn Organic Ear Jewelry - Price Per 1 .925 Sterling Silver is used for the Flames Please Note: All Natural Jewelry will vary slightly in color and size. We do our best to match up the two most alike. Since our Natural Line is made from the best Craftsman there is very little variations between pieces.
https://wholesale.painfulpleasures.com/silver-flames-tunnel-horn-organic-ear-jewelry-price-per-1.html?___store=2 2818 SILVER FLAMES Tunnel Horn Organic Ear Jewelry - Price Per 1 https://cdnstoremedia.painfulpleasures.com/media/catalog/product/o/r/org010.jpg 3.55 4.00 USD InStock /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry/Elementals Organic Horn Jewelry Collection /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry/Elementals Organic Horn Jewelry Collection/Organic Horn Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry/Elementals Organic Horn Jewelry Collection/Organic Horn Plugs /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry/Gold, Bronze & Silver Organic Jewelry /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Tunnels/Organic Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry/Gold, Bronze & Silver Organic Jewelry/Sterling Silver Jewelry /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs/Organic Plugs/Horn Plugs /Sales/Body Jewelry/Organic Jewelry /Body Jewelry/Organic Body Jewelry/Organic Plugs & Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Tunnels /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs/Organic Plugs /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/00g Plugs & 00g Tunnels (10mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/0g Plugs & 0g Tunnels (8mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Plugs & Tunnels by Size/7/16" to 15/16" Plugs & Tunnels (11-24mm) /Body Jewelry/Plugs and Tunnels/Tunnels/Organic Tunnels/Horn Tunnels /Sales/Under $5 /Sales/Under $10 /Sales/Under $15 /Sales/Under $20 /Sales/Body Jewelry SILVER FLAMES Tunnel Horn Organic Ear Jewelry - Price Per 1 .925 Sterling Silver is used for the Flames Please Note: All Natural Jewelry will vary

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.009252
Retrieved Text: Elementals Organic Horn Tunnels - Our Elementals Organics collection of horn tunnels for stretched ears and other stretched piercings includes a diverse assortment of natural horn tunnels in unique designs. Shop for organic horn tunnels with silver trim, horn eyelets with mother of pearl and bone inlay, flared horn tunnels for stretched ears, and other beautiful handmade organic horn tunnels. Each of the horn tunnels in this section has been hand-crafted by talented Indonesian artisans, so no two are exactly alike. We do our best to give you the two most similar horn tunnels when you purchase a pair. Note that most of our horn tunnels are sold individually, so be sure to add two to cart if you do want a pair of organic horn tunnels for your stretched lobes or other stretched piercings.
Maintain your organic horn tunnels for stretched ears by wiping them down with a damp cloth every week or so. You should also periodically massage jojoba oil into your horn tunnels to lock moisture in, prevent cracking and keep them looking beautiful for years to come.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.933562
Retrieved Text: "The light at the end of the tunnel is not an illusion. The tunnel is. "
There are many reported haunted tunnels located around the world. A tunnel is a passageway that is typically located underground. These passageways are considered to be quite long and are typically enclosed on each and every single side. Most tunnels have an opening at each particular end. There are many different types of tunnels located throughout our world. There are man-made tunnels that assist in traffic control, tunnels where water passes, tunnels established for endangered species, tunnels that assist in providing utilities to residential and business districts, tunnels for transportation such as underground subways, and tunnels that have been used secretly so that certain groups of individuals could move from one location to another safely. Throughout history, many people have experienced what they believe to be haunted tunnels.
There are many different stories in circulation about lost spirits, demonic spirits, and other types of paranormal based entities haunting tunnels. Many individuals have expressed the fact that they have visually observed spiritual based entities in these spaces. There are some that have felt an actual presence through the means of cold spots, or unexplained breezes. Many have heard sounds emerging from deep within tunnels where no logical explanation exists. These sounds include crying, screaming, laughing, talking, and even soft whispers. It is not at all unusual for a glimpse of a shadowy figure out of the corner of the eye to be experienced, or for an individual to experience an intense degree of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.8582325
Retrieved Text: Early Years Resources offers an exciting range of children's play tents, children's play tunnels and play shades for children at affordable prices.Our selection of play tents and tunnels are suitable for indoor and outdoor use in school settings, daycare settings and the home.
Our selection of children's play tunnels creates a sense of adventure and exploration and are suitable for indoor as well as outdoor use. Our play tunnel range includes zig-zag play tunnels, straight play tunnels, crawling play tunnels and heavy duty play tunnels.
Our selection of children's play tents are ideal for imaginative play in an outdoor or indoor setting. Our play tent range includes role play tents, play tents and tunnels sets, pop up play tents, dens and easy to assemble wigwams. Our play shades includes folding dens, pop up shades for infants and shade canopies in a variety of lengths.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.776056
Retrieved Text: You don’t have to dig very far to come up with a tunnel in Pittsburgh. No one knows for sure how many tunnels there are in the area, but we’ve got short pedestrian tunnels, railroad tunnels, major traffic tunnels, and everything in between. Our bridges get a lot of attention, but our tunnels are just as important for getting around, as any tunnel shutdown and the ensuing traffic nightmares illustrate.
The Liberty Tunnels, also known as the Liberty Tubes, are the oldest tunnels in Pittsburgh. At one time, they were the longest automobile tunnels in the world. They opened on March 23, 1924, and provided cars as well as horse-drawn wagons with a direct link from Downtown Pittsburgh to the South Hills instead of having to travel around Mt. Washington via the West End. They were named “Liberty” with a hope for lasting peace after the Allied victory in World War I. Ground was broken on the tunnels in December of 1919, and it would take excavation crews nearly four years to blast away more than 400,000 tons of rock and dirt to build the 5, 889 ft. tunnel.
The tunnel’s opening spurred an economic expansion in the South Hill, where real estate prices soon soared, and housing developments proliferated.
Unfortunately, five months after the tunnels opened, traffic congestion inside it caused a buildup of carbon monoxide. Twelve commuters were overcome with the gas, necessitating the quick installation of a ventilation system that continuously pumped fresh air into the tunnels.
Named for Joseph G. Armstrong, who was Allegheny County Commissioner

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.76411
Retrieved Text: Houston has 7+ miles of underground tunnels! ... the tunnels have lots of services that appeal to office workers ... The Houston tunnel system is not open on weekends.
Jun 27, 2007 · Best Answer: What IS the Downtown Houston Tunnel System? Although the ... Does anyone know anything about the Houston TX Underground tunnels?
The Houston tunnel system is a network of subterranean, climate-controlled, pedestrian walkways that links 95 full city blocks 20 feet below Houston's downtown streets.
Posts about Houston Tunnel System written by houstonphotojourney. ... Tag: Houston Tunnel System Houston Underground Tunnels – My Tour With Houston Historical Tours!
... Houston's underground tunnels. ... Marriott TRAVELER brings the world's greatest ... explore the underground mall nestled in Houston's tunnel system.
Downtown Houston's tunnels comprise a multi million-dollar system that gives new meaning to the term "underground." Those who venture beneath the city will be delighted at what they find hidden there.
Tunnels and skyscrapers: Seeing Houston ... The great thing is that it's not just empty tunnels down there. The tunnel system ... Houston's underground tunnel system.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.745076
Retrieved Text: Bike touring in Norway means dealing with plenty of tunnels, some of them long, dark and narrow.
Happily there’s an excellent Map of Norwegian Tunnels to help you sort the bike-friendly tunnels from the ones to avoid.
The authors compiled the map after cycling in Norway and dealing with tunnels up to 24km long.
Tunnels open to cyclists and considered to be OK to cycle through. Tunnels open to cyclists but caution required. Tunnel closed or unsuitable for cyclists.
You can see the tunnel locations on an interactive map, download a POI file for your GPS and even search for the tunnels by road number.
The same couple also put together some excellent general notes on cycle touring in Norway.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.730303
Retrieved Text: Recently, when I was painfully scouring Youtube, looking for Mobile, Alabama-centric videos, I found tunnel videos.
YES- people are apparently fascinated with our tunnels and want to record and share video of driving through the tunnels.
I personally appreciate the tunnels. I am glad I don't have to take a boat to get over the river. But i am not fascinated by the tunnels, and often feel trapped and resentful when I find myself trapped in our frequent traffic jams that seem to always be somehow connected to the tunnels.
Below, you can watch a couple of videos by people who think our tunnels are worth watching.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.728827
Retrieved Text: Stories of Mysterious Tunnels and Subterranean ... secret military installations deep within mountains and perhaps underground, ... Tunnel Network Under California.
The Underground City Of The Lizard People - Weird U.S.
The Underground City Of The Lizard People. ... had also helped Shufelt map the location and extent of the underground tunnels. ... Weird California .
secret underground tunnels los angeles ... and unusual things to do in Los Angeles, California from Underground Tunnels of Los Angeles to Rosenheim Mansion.
Jun 14, 2016 · Exploration of secret abandoned hidden tunnels ... Secret Abandoned Hidden Tunnels Needles Battery ... Box Mine Wiltshire miles of underground tunnels!
Nine suspected drugs runners have been arrested in Mexico after soldiers discovered a secret underground tunnel close to the border crossing for San Diego, California.
Photos of secret underground cross-border smuggling routes between Mexico and US. Dozens of tunnels have been found along the US-Mexico border in recent years, mostly in California and Arizona.
Now now everyone anonymous is secretly working for the underground facility and its so top secret that he cant use his name, or it will blow his cover.
The Story Behind Southern California's Underground Tunnel Will Fascinate You. Few people are aware that beneath its sunny topside appearance, Los Angeles is hiding a network of secret tunnels that once served as a haven for bootleggers and partiers during the Prohibition era.
COMPLETE LIST of Military Underground ... 38°53.5'N 77°02.0'W–The secret NOD underground installation which is ... It to has huge underground tunnels.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.708744
Retrieved Text: Active transit tunnels are especially alluring sites to those who ride through them every day, but abandoned tunnels once used by passenger or freight trains hold a charm of their own.
What constitutes a transit tunnel?
A tunnel which was originally built for the purpose of facilitating traffic. This includes automobile tunnels, freight train tunnels, subway tunnels, and even covered waterways. People who like exploring transit tunnels also usually like exploring the stations between the tunnels.
How much risk is there of getting caught?
A fair bit, if you're using tunnels that are still in use. Exercise extreme caution while entering and exiting the tunnels, paying attention not only to the eyes of other passengers but also to surveillance cameras. These cameras are installed to monitor for violence, not to watch for tunnel runners, but it's still wise to stay out of their line of vision.
Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) Security officers are sworn as 'special constables' of the Metro Toronto Police Service. The plainclothes officers have powers of a police officer and can enforce the Criminal Code, the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act, the Liquor Licence Act and Section 17 of the Mental Health Act within the TTC system. So they could arrest you.
According to an article in the Toronto Sun, the fine for being caught in Toronto's subway tunnels is a mere $63.75. This seems low, and the TTC's by-laws suggest a more realistic sum of $500.
How much risk is there of getting injured?
There is a very good chance of getting killed when exploring still-in-use subway tunnels, though that

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.695425
Retrieved Text: IDF's Yoav Mordechai evades question when asked by PA news agency if Israel is responsible for collapse of Hamas's tunnels.
Major General Yoav Mordechai, the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories (COGAT), on Wednesday night gave an interview to the Palestinian Arab Ma’an news agency, in which he discussed Hamas’s terror tunnels.
The interview took place in the wake of the recent collapses of several of Hamas’s tunnels. On Wednesday night, a tunnel collapsed in the Zeitoun neighborhood - the third time a tunnel collapsed in a week and the second time in as many days.
During the interview, Mordechai warned that Hamas’s digging of tunnels leading into Israel will bring death and destruction to Gaza and its population, but said the tunnels do not pose a strategic threat to Israel.
Hamas, Mordechai told Ma’an, is building "tunnels of death" at the expense of Gaza's residents by taking construction materials that enter Gaza and using them to build tunnels instead of rebuilding damaged homes.
He also noted that during the past year and a half, Israel has allowed the entry of 3.5 million tons of construction materials into Gaza through the Kerem Shalom crossing. Israel continues to transfer humanitarian aid, goods and construction materials into Gaza, despite constant claims by Hamas that it is imposing a “siege” on the region.
Mordechai suggested that Gazans stay away from the tunnels "especially after what happened a few days ago after the collapse of a tunnel."
He was then asked whether Israel had a hand in the collapse of the tunnels, a question which he

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.677141
Retrieved Text: On model railways tunnels are often used to hide things which may make a layout look unrealistic. You will have probably noticed that allot of layouts have tunnels to hide steep curves in the track which are unrealistic. Tunnels are often used as a divide between the layout and the fiddle yard.... 15/11/2008 · http://modelrr.oakviewresources.com/ This is Part 2 of a short tutorial on how I made tunnels tunnels for my model railroad.
This is an O-gauge/scale model train layout that was featured in a model train museum in New Jersey. It is fairly large and highly detailed. It consists of several O-gauge trains that run around different tracks and is quite a scenery when the model layout is active. It features a tall mountain track and tunnels where multiple trains can pass through. Each of the scenery models such as how to make air conditioner with compressor Buy G Scale Tunnels, Walls, and Bridges and other model trains from Reynaulds.com. Your Model Train Superstore.
O Scale Model Railroad Buildings Tunnels and Bridges Model and toy trains come in different sizes or scales with HO scale being one of the commonly used ones. Model railroad structures, tunnels, and bridges in O or HO help turn a loop of track with a toy on it into a … how to make a model roblox 14/05/2013 · A constructive tutorial on how to create a OO gauge tunnel from start to completion. Using DIY material as well as modelling products. Including tips and advice,Landscaping,painting and flocking.
Hobbylinc carries over 200 model

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.659314
Retrieved Text: Subject Architecture -- History. Architecture -- History -- Colorado. Tunnels -- Colorado. Colorado -- History, Local.
Notes "Have you ever seen a manhole cover with little glass circles in it and wondered why it was different from the others? Did you ever imagine that there were actually tunnels under the sidewalks? You'll be surprised to find out how many cities in Colorado had these tunnels. And they're still under our streets! Those manhold covers imbedded with glass circles, many that have turned purple with age, allowed light into the tunnels below. The Tunnels Under Our Feet explores these tunnels, or what's left of them, with lively prose and interesing historical stories." -- from back cover.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.652444
Retrieved Text: OUTLAW EAGLE MANUFACTURING :: View topic - Lotsa Tunnels and a Sport!
Lotsa Tunnels and a Sport!
Posted: Sun Mar 11, 2007 12:24 pm Post subject: Lotsa Tunnels and a Sport!
those tunnels are so sick!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.644102
Retrieved Text: The district of Cu Chi is located in Saigon, Vietnam. The Cu Chi tunnels were constructed in the 1940’s during the Indochina War and expanded in the 1960’s during the Vietnam War. The tunnels provided a sneaky and faster way for the Viet Cong to accomplish their goals and confuse their opponents. The earth and environment gave Vietnam a better chance at victory because of the natural environment and the geography of Cu Chi. The soil and forest gave the Viet Cong a big advantage to stabilize the tunnels.
Cu Chi has a small population of peasants who relies on man power and agricultural produce for daily needs with no advanced technology or any major buildings. It was a very peaceful and beautiful land. “Cu Chi used to be a green area of intense agriculture, especially rice paddies, orchards, nut trees, and rubber plantations” (Mangold, 1985, 34). In 1940’s when France occupied Vietnam, tension rose when Ho Chi Minh wanted independence. As a result, France and Vietnam fought for eight long years known as the Indochina War. Vietnam was not a match to the French army whom was fully armed with aircrafts and more advance guns. Therefore, North Vietnam (the Viet Minh) engaged in guerilla warfare by fighting in small groups and conducting surprise attacks because of their lack in advanced military technology. Having limited military materials, the Viet Minh started digging tunnels in Cu Chi, now known as the Cu Chi tunnels. After the eight years of fighting, the French loss heavily and gave up due

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.627251
Retrieved Text: Since the beginning of vertical wind tunnels, the technology involved has taken large steps forward making indoor skydiving an enjoyable and safe sport. This article covers the basic big picture concepts behind modern wind tunnels. The list starts with older technology and moves on to newer and now common technology.
Vertical wind tunnel flying has it's roots in propeller below flying systems. Many of the earliest tunnels used a propeller below system for the simplicity and low cost.
The basic idea behind the propeller below system is a large prop spinning below a net creating a vertical wind flow after the propeller. Many tunnels of this type use loud engines like old DC3 airplane engines. This system is the simplest vertical wind tunnel design, but comes with drawbacks. By flying on the air flow after the prop, you are flying in turbulent air. You are also exposed to the heat from outside/the engine powering the prop.
Propeller above tunnels employ the same concept of using a prop to move wind, but instead of placing the chamber after a single prop in relation to the airflow, the chamber comes before the prop. This could also be described as the air being pulled through the flight chamber rather than pushed through.
Open flow tunnels are similar in design to propeller above tunnels, except the utilize multiple engines at the top to pull air through the flight chamber. These tunnels are open to the elements and there are only a few in the world located in areas with temperate climates.
Due to the multiple

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.617473
Retrieved Text: The Cool Runners Textured PVC Tunnels are made out of 19.75 oz., 670 GSM (grams per square meter) PVC material that is rot- and UV-resistant. The tunnels are excellent Heavy-duty tunnels for training and competitive purposes. All tunnels are 24" in diameter. Each model has a 8"-pitch (pitch is the distance between the reinforcing wire rings on the tunnel).
Our 19oz fabric is hard wearing and ideally suited for large dogs.
We offer 10'-long and 15'-long tunnels.
Due to international demand some products sell out quickly in season. contact us to reserve product in advance.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.569178
Retrieved Text: Tunnels are integral to our nation’s transportation infrastructure. They provide main routes in and out of a region and can be an attractive target for any attack. Most domes-tic tunnels were not designed with explosives attacks in mind; however, a well-placed explosive device could have catastrophic results, with flooding as a major concern for underwater tunnels. The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Science and Technology Directorate (S&T) conducted research to identify ways to reinforce our tunnels and shield them from potential threats. S&T’s Protective Measures and Design Tool project developed and tested flexible concrete mats that can be used to protect underwater tunnels.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.54793
Retrieved Text: A Palestinian man lowers himself into a 12m-long shaft leading to a network of tunnels. Palestinians use a system of tunnels beneath the Gaza-Egyptian border for travel and arms smuggling. Both the Israeli Defense Force and the Palestinian police have moved to uncover tunneling activity.
Palestinian men line up at 2am at the Erez checkpoint for work in Israel; many are refused entry. Palestinians use a system of tunnels beneath the Gaza-Egyptian border for travel and arms smuggling. Both the Israeli Defense Force and the Palestinian police have moved to uncover tunneling activity.
Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade fighters transport weapons that have been brought into Gaza through the tunnels. Palestinians use a system of tunnels beneath the Gaza-Egyptian border for travel and arms smuggling. Both the Israeli Defense Force and the Palestinian police have moved to uncover tunneling activity.
Palestinian Authority special police tracing and uncovering connecting tunnels. Palestinians use a system of tunnels beneath the Gaza-Egyptian border for travel and arms smuggling. Both the Israeli Defense Force and the Palestinian police have moved to uncover tunneling activity.
A pistol, smuggled from Egypt. Palestinians use a system of tunnels beneath the Gaza-Egyptian border for travel and arms smuggling. Both the Israeli Defense Force and the Palestinian police have moved to uncover tunneling activity.
A man enters the 'eye' of a tunnel, concealed beneath floor tiles and covered by a carpet in a girl's bedroom. Palestinians use a system of tunnels beneath the Gaza-Egyptian border for travel and arms smuggling. Both the Israeli Defense Force and the Palestinian police have moved to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.536112
Retrieved Text: THE TUNNELS SERIES ARE AVAILABLE IN PAPERBACK ($6.99 EACH) AND DIGITAL ($2.99 EACH).
FOR KIDS AGES 7 - 11.
NICK BAZEBAHL AND THE FORBIDDEN TUNNELS is book 1 in the TUNNELS series.
12 year old Nick has lost his memory. He finds himself stuck in a nightmarish world, but he’s not dreaming. He escapes from a strange reformatory only to come upon an even stranger place where he is teamed up with a partner and given an assignment. They slide down a forbidden tunnel and begin their odd and mysterious mission.
Sliding through tunnel after tunnel gets him in and out of more trouble. He attempts a mission by himself and finds he can break through barriers including invisibility.
On his third mission he teams up with Samantha, a friend from school, regains his memory and slips through a final tunnel to find his way back to his family. What treasures does he bring back? What discoveries did he make? Will he go again?
NICK BAZEBAHL AND THE RED TUNNELS is book 2 in the TUNNELS series.
After working together in book one to save banned books like Huck Finn, Treasure Island and even Harry Potter, Nick and Samantha explore “red” books in this adventure. Their journey together strengthens their friendship and evens out their personal competition.
Wild dogs, wolves and mountain lions can’t keep Nick from completing each mission, but when he teams up with Samantha he can’t get past one particular obstacle and Sam edges ahead of Nick in a challenge he forfeits.
Problems arise when little sister, Gracie, disrupts the race and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.514572
Retrieved Text: The Hovermap drone technology gathers data as it flies through mines and tunnels, which can then be processed on a laptop to generate 3D maps of the environment.
We build tunnels for highways, railroads, subways and rapid transit systems. We construct tunnels, shafts and other facilities for water supply and wastewater transport. We develop and equip underground mines for coal, salt, copper, gold and other minerals. We design and install innovative hoisting, elevator and vertical conveyance systems.
Massive, Multi-Level Mines With Extensive Tunnels Play all. ... Exploring Abandoned Mines - Channel. Subscribe Subscribed Unsubscribe. Stasis or flux? - Channel.
Underground in Charlotte, North Carolina, there are abandoned tunnels and old gold mining shafts left over from a gold rush in the 1830s. Little is preserved of this part of the city’s history.
R7. The only vehicle that can handle any terrain. A mix of technology and hydraulics.
On the way to the Old Gold Mines village. (Click for larger image) Hike to ‘Gold Mountain’ ... Trip reports and photos: War Tunnels and the old Gold Mines. Photos and reports from previous hikes and visits. Hiking photos - War Tunnels and Lost Village, 2009/12/03.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.4704075
Retrieved Text: Home Latest Roofing News & Offers Sun tunnels: What is a sun tunnel and which sun tunnel is right for me?
Sun tunnels: What is a sun tunnel and which sun tunnel is right for me?
Sun tunnels are an inexpensive solution to bringing light into a home where there is limited space for a rooflight. They feature a panel that sits discretely on the outside of a roof, a highly reflective tube channeling sunlight into the room, and a diffuser that disperses light naturally.
Sun tunnels can be installed on both flat roofs and pitched roofs, providing a good all-round solution for dark bathrooms, loft spaces or small home offices. They are also beneficial in hallways and corridors, reducing electricity bills by introducing natural sunlight. This product can pay for itself!
Which sun tunnel is right for me?
Rigid sun tunnels consist of one straight tube to direct light where you need it. These tunnels can’t be bent or angled but will give you the most light transmission as the light travels in one motion to reach its destination. Rigid sun tunnels are the most common choice for applications where the tube is installed through an empty roof space into rooms below.
Flexible sun tunnels incorporate a bent or angled tube, reducing the amount of light that enters a room. However, because of the way that light bounces off the reflective insides of the tube, you can get around any obstructions that prevent you from using a rigid alternative. For example, if your loft space features aircon units or services, you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.465374
Retrieved Text: Othello Tunnels Engagement Red Dress Pre Wedding shoot - Best Vancouver wedding photographer Jozef Povazan Photography studio.
Othello Tunnels Engagement Red Dress Pre Wedding shoot photographed by Vancouver wedding photographer Jozef Povazan Photography. Epic location great couple G+A rocked this dramatic scenery of tunnels, wild river and steep cliffs.
Location: Othello Tunnels, Hope, BC V0X 1L0, Canada.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.464292
Retrieved Text: Racing air tunnels optimize air flow to the air box to maximize ram effect and horsepower. Our tunnels are fabricated from super thin fiberglass to comply with US racing regulations. The inner surface of the tunnels is lined with a smooth surfacer to enhance air flow. Each tunnel weighs only 5 ounces (140 gms).
Tunnels are designed to fit with the OEM fairing intake shape and will even fit the stock fairing. Sold as a pair.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.449384
Retrieved Text: If you are in need of a spooky thrill look no further than the tunnels running under the former Northville Regional Psychiatric Hospital, now informally known as the Northville Tunnels. Be extra careful when exploring, it is extremely dangerous and could result in injury or death. The tunnels are underground and can easily be located.
You can find the tunnels on Sheldon &, Canton Center inbetween Plymouth and Northville.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.448233
Retrieved Text: Congressional Republicans and Democrats espouse a policy toward Iran that takes Israel into account; results of the 2014 elections may induce the Obama administration to consult more with Congress and Israel; they are concerned about lack of intelligence on tunnels in Gaza and Iran.
With Iranian assistance and funding, tunnels in Gaza displayed Tehran’s efforts to threaten Israel. By secretly helping its ally, Hamas—the Islamist movement that rules Gaza, build tunnels, Iran laid a predicate for the 2014 Gaza War.
There has been a resumption of tunneling in the aftermath of fighting. Hamas officials publicly acknowledge resumption of tunnel construction. The Israeli military estimates it cost Hamas $90 million to build 32 tunnels uncovered. The average tunnel required 350 truckloads of construction supplies; contrary to using these materials in building schools, hospitals, and housing, Hamas used them for tunnels.
After the 2008 Gaza War, Iran aided rehabilitation of infrastructure damaged in the fighting. During the Muslim Brotherhood one-year rule in Egypt, 2012-2013, Iran accelerated transfer rockets to Gaza by sea, land (Sinai and Sudan), and underground tunnels from Sinai.
Another Iranian ally, Hezbollah, may have an underground tunnel network leading into Israel’s north, which could be used to conduct an enormous terror attack on residents along the Israel-Lebanon border.
In Terror Tunnels, Alan Dershowitz makes a strong case for Israel’s “just war” against Hamas. The 2014 War in Gaza required use of Israeli ground forces to gain access to the tunnels and shut them down. Israel was unable to determine their routes and exit ramps in advance because they were too

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.444336
Retrieved Text: The perennial favourite, our range of cat tunnels is sure to delight kittens, adolescents and older cats alike. The fun designs and colours will keep them entertained for hours. From leopard print play tunnels to army print and even plush cream, our cat play tunnels store away neatly when not in use. In a range of both smooth or crinkly fabrics, we've seen cats in the Me & My Pets team play for literally hours in these tunnels, until wearing themselves out and falling asleep! Some of our tunnels have fun hanging toys to really add another level to the fun! Hide some treats inside the tunnel to encourage play!

================



======= Instance Index 180 =========
Input Text: Vaccines

Which is the correct answer?
- are only necessary for immuno-comprised people
- help prevent outbreaks of once dormant diseases
- provide little protection against diseases
- are unimportant and under researched

Target Text: help prevent outbreaks of once dormant diseases

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.635924
Retrieved Text: The global animal vaccines market size was $8,059 million in 2017, and is estimated to reach $12,845 million by 2025, registering a CAGR of 5.9% from 2018 to 2025. Animal vaccines control the transmission diseases, thus providing protection to animal and human health, which is essential considering the public dependency on animals. Animals serve as an important source of food, meat, milk, protein, and other commercial products such as leather and wool. Most commonly used veterinary vaccines include rabies vaccines, foot & mouth diseases vaccines, and equine influenza virus vaccines, which prevent the transmission of infectious agents by mimicking the naturally acquired immunity. Constant development of vaccines is essential with rise in emergence of different animal diseases. Increase in pet ownership has significantly accelerated the growth of this market.
The animal vaccines market is to grow at a steady pace due to increase in pet ownership in developed countries and rise in number of cattle & poultry in developing countries. Furthermore, surge in investment for R&D of vaccines, which inhibit the growth of antibiotic-resistant organisms boosts the animal vaccines market growth. For instance, in August 2016, Elanco invested two-thirds of the budget for food&dash;animal unit to develop vaccines and reduce the use of antibiotics. Moreover, rise in demand for animal vaccines has led to the emergence of multiple new vaccines. For instance, Cevac IBron a new vaccine was launched by Ceva in February 2017 that prevents against infectious bronchitis virus (IBV).
However, lack of animal health awareness and possibility of adverse impact on veterinary vaccines on human and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.501639
Retrieved Text: Vaccines are biological preparation which help in enhancing the immunity system towards a disease. A vaccine contains an agent that is similar to a disease-causing microorganism and is often made from weakened or killed forms of the microbe, its toxins or one of its surface proteins. Based on the antigens being used, vaccines are available in various forms. Some of the common disease indications for which vaccines are available are, pneumococcal disease, DTP, influenza, HPV, polio and hepatitis, among others.
The vaccines market is anticipated to grow in the forecast period owing to driving factors such as increasing prevalence of infectious diseases as well as rising focus on immunization programs. In addition, focus on therapeutic vaccines and the use of adjuvants for developing vaccines is expected to offer significant growth opportunities in the market during the forecast period.
The "Global Vaccines Market Analysis to 2027" is a specialized and in-depth study of the pharmaceutical industry with a special focus on the global market trend analysis. The report aims to provide an overview of vaccines market with detailed market segmentation by type, technology, route of administration and geography. The global vaccines market is expected to witness high growth during the forecast period. The report provides key statistics on the market status of the leading vaccines market players and offers key trends and opportunities in the market.
The global vaccines market is segmented on the basis of type, technology and route of administration. Based on type, the market is segmented as monovalent and multivalent. The vaccines market, based on technology is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.443064
Retrieved Text: Family Vaccines ("Family Vaccines") operates family-vaccines.org and may operate other websites. It is Family Vaccines's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Like most website operators, Family Vaccines collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Family Vaccines's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Family Vaccines's visitors use its website. From time to time, Family Vaccines may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Family Vaccines also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on family-vaccines.org blogs/sites. Family Vaccines only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Certain visitors to Family Vaccines's websites choose to interact with Family Vaccines in ways that require Family Vaccines to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Family Vaccines gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at family-vaccines.org to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Family Vaccines are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.408306
Retrieved Text: The overview of poultry demand in food industries, outbreak of diseases and market drivers for vaccines production.
08 Nov The overview of poultry demand in food industries, outbreak of diseases and market drivers for vaccines production.
Precision Business Insights (PBI) in its report titled “Poultry Vaccines Market by Vaccine type, Formulation, Application: Market Estimation, Dynamics, Country Share, Trends, Competitor Analysis 2016-2017 and Forecast 2018-2024” assesses the market performance over seven years forecast period. The report analyses the market value forecast and provides strategic insights into the market driving factors, challenges that are hindering the market revenue growth over forecast period.
Vaccines are biological preparations that provide acquired immunity to particular disease in human beings or animals. Poultry vaccines are used to prevent or cure the various diseases in poultry such as Marek’s disease, Newcastle disease, and infectious diseases among others.
Increase in the demand for healthy meat, rise in number of poultry industries, grow in R&D for the innovation of newer vaccines, and rise in prevalence of various infectious diseases are anticipated to fuel poultry vaccines market. Furthermore, government initiations for protecting the animal health, rise in veterinary healthcare expenditure, and vaccination programs organized by the companies are expected to boost the poultry vaccines market. However, stringent regulatory guidelines for the vaccine approval, adverse effects associated with vaccines, high R&D expenditure, and increase in adoption of vegetarian food may restrain the growth of poultry vaccines market.
Based on geographical regions, the global poultry vaccines market have five major regions- North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.326169
Retrieved Text: Flu shot – Freedom For Humanity!
Posted on January 12, 2019 by TheLightHasWonPosted in Vacciner & Biverkningar, Vaccines & Side EffectsTagged Aluminium, Aluminum, Arthritis, Artrit, artrit i barndomen, Barn, Barnvacciner, Big Pharma, Biverkningar, childhood arthritis, childhood joint pain, Childhood Vaccines, Children, chronic joint pain, Doctors, Flu shot, Fluarix Quadrivalent influenza vaccine, forskare, HealthCare, Hepatit B-vaccin, Hepatitis B vaccine, Immune System, Immunsystem, Infection, Infektion, Inflammation, Influensa vaccin, Joint Pain, kronisk ledsmärta, Kvicksilver, Läkare, Ledsmärta, Ledvärk, Mercury, Scientists, Side Effects, SJUKVård, vacciner och ledvärk, Vaccines, Vaccines and joint pain, Virus.
Posted on December 30, 2018 by TheLightHasWonPosted in Medicine & Health, Vaccines & Side EffectsTagged Aluminum, Autism, BigPharma, Brain Damage, Cancer, CDC, Children, Corruption, Diseases, Falsified Data, Flu shot, Health, HealthCare, learning disorders, Neurological Disorders, NeuroToxins, Science, USA, Vaccinations, Vaccine Damage, Vaccine Industry, Vaccine Injury, Vaccine Safety, Vaccines.
Posted on December 20, 2018 by TheLightHasWonPosted in Medicin & Hälsa, Medicine & Health, Vacciner & Biverkningar, Vaccines & Side EffectsTagged Adverse effects, Autism, Badhealth, Badmedicine, Barn, Barnsjukdomar, Barnvacciner, Biverkningar, CDC, childhood illnesses, Childhood Vaccines, Children, Dangerous Medicine, Dålig hälsa, Dålig medicin, development disability, Developmental Disabilities, Doctors, Doctors warn, DPT, dyslexi, Dyslexia, earning disabilities, Farlig medicin, Flu shot, funktionshinder, Giftiga ingredienser, hepatit B, hepatitis B, Hyperactivity, hyperaktivitet, Immunisering, Immunization, Influensa vaccin, KrampAnfall, Läkare, läkare varnar, Lögner, Lies, Mental retardation, Merck, MMR, practitioners, Science, Seizures, Side Effects, SIDS, skadliga effekter, Toxic Ingredients, utvecklingsstörning, vaccin bedrägeri, Vaccin skada, Vaccination, Vaccine fraud, Vaccine Injury, Vacciner, vacciner skadar barn, Vaccines, vaccines harming children, Vetenskap.
Posted on December 18, 2018 by TheLightHasWonPosted in Medicine & Health, Vaccines & Side

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.311676
Retrieved Text: The emergence of new virus strains is one of the major challenges for the growth of the global influenza vaccine market.
However, only one vaccine is approved for dengue, Sanofi Pasteur' s Dengvaxia.
Impact ## Low; ## High This vaccine is proven to be effective against a broad spectrum of diseases caused by deadly clostridial bacteria.
Therefore, researchers have developed a human combination vaccine by combining multiple vaccines into one syringe, which can then be administered in one shot.
For instance, by January 2019, Pfizer, Inc. had ## molecules in Phase-##, ## in Phase-##, and ## molecules in Phase-## of clinical trials for vaccines.
COLD CHAIN LOGISTICS MARKET FOR VACCINES ##.
Merial is one of the leaders in recombinant vector vaccines.
The seven major viral serotypes include O, C, A, SAT ##, SAT ##, SAT ##, and Asia ##.
COMBINATION VACCINES ARE MADE WHEN TWO OR MORE TYPES OF VACCINE ARE COMBINED TOGETHER INTO A SINGLE SHOT, SO THAT ONE VACCINATION CAN PROTECT AGAINST MORE THAN ONE DISEASE.
It had assisted more than one million patients.
Global Human Vaccines Industry HUMAN VACCINES MCP-## MARKET ANALYSIS, TRENDS, AND FORECASTS, OCTOBER ## CONTENTS ##.
Global Veterinary Vaccines Industry VETERINARY VACCINES MCP-## MARKET ANALYSIS, TRENDS, AND FORECASTS, SEPTEMBER ## CONTENTS ##.
THE VACCINES INDUSTRY IS ONE OF KEY SECTORS OF CHINESE MEDICAL INDUSTRY.
Shenzhen Kangtai Biological Products Co.
Low ## Low ## ## ## ## ## High ## ## ## ## High Key pneumococcal vaccine High Low ## ## ## ## ## Strategic focus STRATEGY STRENGTH Company name Other prominent vendors Description Ab## Products/ Pipeline products BEIJING MINHAI BIOTECHNOLOGY Develops vaccines.
The Others HEMOPHILIAC

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.30743
Retrieved Text: What will the Classical Swine Fever Vaccines Market?
What are the key factors the Classical Swine Fever Vaccines Market?
What are the key market trends in Classical Swine Fever Vaccines Market?
improve pasting the growth of the Classical Swine Fever Vaccines Market?
What are the challenges to Global Classical Swine Fever Vaccines Market?
What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the Global Classical Swine Fever Vaccines Market?
What are the key outcomes of the five forces analysis of Classical Swine Fever Vaccines Market?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.28299
Retrieved Text: Vaccines may contain animal & human parts, toxic & haraam substances, and hidden ingredients linked to cancer, sterility, disease and death!
Downloadable leaflets on the dangers of Vaccines & Polio Drops. To email, print and share with family, forums, friends, magazines, mosques and muftis.
Fatwas against Vaccines and Polio Drops are mounting globally as scholars learn that vaccines cause paralysis, infertility, disease and death!
Infographics on vaccines and polio drops. To email, print and share with family, forums, friends, magazines, mosques and muftis.
Did vaccines really wipe out disease or did many diseases decline before any vaccines were introduced? See graphs that show the truth about vaccines!
Over 10,000 links to abstracts & full text articles on problems with vaccines and the Bible of Vaccine Damage from 1926 to 2009.
Articles & Studies on Vaccination.
Immunizations. Harmful To Your Child?
Exposing The Harms of All Vaccines & Polio Drops.
The World Association for Vaccine Education (WAVE) is a globally focused, non-profit, educational institution advocating reformation of the mass vaccination systems.
PIC is the first physician organization dedicated to safeguarding informed consent in vaccination.
The International Medical Council on Vaccination is an association of medical doctors, registered nurses & qualified medical professionals.
More Information on Vaccines & Polio Drops.
Follow the links button on the Top Menu.
Tell Your Family, Friends, Doctors & Scholars About This Site!
Return Soon For More information.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.282616
Retrieved Text: Oral Vaccines Market will surge at 7.1% CAGR up to 2025: QY Research, Inc.
QY Research has come up with a newly published report on global Oral Vaccines market in its database that provides an in-depth analysis of the key market insights, its future trends, and developments, profiles of leading players, key restraints and drivers, segmentation and forecasting. The report highlights the Oral Vaccines market size and CAGR of the important segments, thus providing quick relevant information about the global Oral Vaccines market.
The global Oral Vaccines market is valued at 2010 million US$ in 2018 is expected to reach 3480 million US$ by the end of 2025, growing at a CAGR of 7.1% during 2019-2025.
Oral vaccines are safe and easy to administer and convenient for all ages. They have been successfully developed to protect from many infectious diseases acquired through oral transmission. Oral delivery of vaccines represents the most attractive mode of administration over other routes of delivery due to the fact that the oral vaccination is noninvasive, safe and simple to execute, showing good patient compliance and clinical practicality.
In the last several years, the global market of oral vaccines developed rapidly, with an average growth rate of 6.31%. In 2017, global revenue of oral vaccines is nearly 2.01 billion USD; the actual consumption is about 2.2 billion doses.
The classification of oral vaccines includes rotavirus vaccine, cholera vaccine, oral polio vaccine and other types, and the sales proportion of polio vaccine in 2017 is about 94%, and the proportion is in decreasing trend from 2012 to 2017.
This

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.276989
Retrieved Text: A: Underinsured means your child has health insurance, but it surely: Doesn’t cover vaccines, or Does not cowl certain vaccines, or Covers vaccines but has a fixed dollar restrict or cap for vaccines. In vitro modeling of human immune responses to characterize sub-inhabitants-specific responses and determine new adjuvants and adjuvanted vaccine formulations as benchmarked to licensed vaccines. However fear of vaccines has existed because the first one was launched in opposition to smallpox in 1796. Vaccines all the time contain adjuvants, that are substances identified to amplify the physique’s response to the vaccine.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.269278
Retrieved Text: GSK announced today it is further strengthening and expanding its vaccines presence in the US by establishing a new global centre for vaccines research and development (R&D) in Rockville, Maryland. The site will become one of three global vaccines R&D centres for GSK, complementing the company’s existing global R&D centres in Rixensart, Belgium and in Siena, Italy, a site which GSK recently acquired from Novartis in March 2015.
The new US vaccines R&D centre will expand GSK’s efforts to discover and develop novel vaccines across a range of pressing public health threats, including those relevant to the US. It will consolidate vaccines R&D activities currently conducted at other GSK sites including in Philadelphia, PA and Cambridge, MA, into one centralised location. Key late stage development programmes, as well as vaccine discovery and new platform technology development will be led from Rockville.
The Rockville site, which was acquired by GSK in 2012, offers proximity to vaccines collaborators and key public health stakeholders. GSK anticipates site operations for vaccines to begin in Rockville as early as September 2015.
This move follows GSK’s acquisition of Novartis’ vaccines business as part of the companies’ major three-part transaction that closed in March 2015. GSK and Novartis’s vaccines R&D organisations are highly complementary, bringing together respective expertise in virology and bacterial infection.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.255589
Retrieved Text: Mar 19, 2019 (Heraldkeeper via COMTEX) -- MarketStudyReport.com Adds New Animal Vaccines Market 2019 - 2025 research report providing information and data By Animal Type, By Technology, By Infections, By Route of Administration, Industry Analysis, Regional Outlook, Application Potential, Trends, Competitive Market Share & Forecast spreading across 225 Pages with table and figures in it.
Japan animal vaccines market will witness robust growth at 10.0% CAGR during the projected timeframe. Consumption of meat has been increasing rapidly, giving rise to growing need for animal farming in the country. Vaccination of food animals is a popular practice in Japan. Mandatory vaccination programs for poultry, swine and cattle will foster market growth in the future.
Germany animal vaccines market will reach USD 432.6 million by 2025. Intake of animal source protein is high in Germany. With intentions to curb the spreading of zoonotic diseases, government in conjunction with companies is taking efforts in developing and introducing new vaccines, that will augment market growth during the projected timeframe.
Animal Vaccines Market will exceed USD 9.0 billion by 2025; as per a new research report. Technological advancement in animal vaccines include development of new vaccination methods such as nasal delivery, air-driven vaccine that penetrates through skin for cats to prevent cancer occurrence at the vaccine injection site. Growing disease burden and technological advancements will positively impact demand for animal vaccines, thereby driving industry growth during the forecast period.
Farm animal vaccines market will reach USD 6,509.6 million by 2025. Farm animals have been gaining popularity, owning to rising awareness towards animal health coupled with

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.252434
Retrieved Text: are immunizations free in BC?
All routinely recommended childhood vaccines are publicly funded (provided for free) in BC. Most vaccines routinely recommended for adults are also provided for free in BC. Other vaccines (e.g., travel vaccines) are available at a cost.
You can contact your local public health unit for information on which vaccines are available free and which are available at a cost.
You can find the BC routine immunization schedules here and a list of vaccines recommended for adults in BC here.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.251112
Retrieved Text: In this guest post, Dr. Jayasree K. Iyer, Chief Scientific Officer at the Access to Medicine Foundation, writes about the findings from their newest study, which examines the current state of the vaccine pipeline and how large pharmaceutical companies are considering access to these products.
Vaccine manufacturers play a critical role in innovating new vaccines and making existing vaccines more suitable for use in developing countries. Apart from developing effective, appropriate vaccines, manufacturers work with relevant stakeholders to ensure that access to these vaccines is ramped up upon market introduction, addressing issues like supply and affordability. Vaccines are the cornerstone of disease prevention: mass immunization has led to the eradication of smallpox, and between 2000 and 2010, it helped cut the global childhood mortality rate in half. Yet many people cannot access full immunization, especially with newer vaccines. Recent attempts to boost immunization coverage (e.g., of the relatively new pneumococcal and rotavirus vaccines) shows that immunization coverage and access can be increased when good vaccines, committed funding, and strong global partnerships come together.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.245817
Retrieved Text: In this report, LP Information covers the present scenario (with the base year being 2017) and the growth prospects of global Brucellosis Vaccines market for 2018-2023.
Brucellosis vaccine is a vaccine for cattle, sheep and goats used against brucellosis. Currently, there is no vaccine available for humans.
The classification of Brucellosis Vaccines includes S19 Vaccine, RB51 Vaccine Strain and Other. And the proportion of S19 Vaccine in 2016 is about 86%, and the proportion is stable from 2012 to 2016.
Brucellosis Vaccines is widely used in Cattle, Sheep and Other Animal. The most proportion of Brucellosis Vaccines is for Cattle with market share about 60 in 2016.
China is the largest supplier of Brucellosis Vaccines, with a production market share nearly 31% in 2016. Europe is the second largest supplier of Brucellosis Vaccines, enjoying production market share nearly 17% in 2016.
China is the largest consumption place, with a consumption market share nearly 31% in 2016. Following China, South America is the second largest consumption place with the consumption market share of 17%.
Over the next five years, LPI(LP Information) projects that Brucellosis Vaccines will register a 3.8% CAGR in terms of revenue, reach US$ 12 million by 2023, from US$ 10 million in 2017.
This report presents a comprehensive overview, market shares, and growth opportunities of Brucellosis Vaccines market by product type, application, key manufacturers and key regions.
- To study and analyze the global Brucellosis Vaccines consumption (value & volume) by key regions/countries, product type and application, history data from 2013 to 2017, and forecast to 2023.
- To understand the structure of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.213302
Retrieved Text: When to Give the Seven-in-One Shot to a Puppy?
Consult with your vet to see which vaccinations are appropriate for your puppy.
Vaccines provide protection for your pup against serious diseases, some of which can be fatal, especially for young pups with a developing immune system. Sometimes these vaccines are combined into one shot, including a five-in-one or seven-in-one vaccine. Starting at 12 weeks of age, your puppy can receive the seven-in-one shot as part of his regular vaccination schedule if your vet feels that it's appropriate for him.
The seven-in-one vaccine gets its name from the amount of vaccines it contains. This formulation typically contains a combination of vaccines that help to prevent adenovirus, hepatitis, canine distemper, parainfluenza, parvovirus and two strains of leptospirosis. The two vaccines for leptospirosis aren't recommended for pups younger than 12 weeks of age, according to the 2011 American Animal Hospital Association Canine Vaccination Guidelines. For this reason, the seven-in-one shot is first administered to young puppies at 12 weeks old and repeated at 16 weeks of age. Prior to this, most pups between six and nine weeks of age should receive the five-in-one shot, which doesn't contain either of the leptospirosis vaccines.
Is the Seven-in-One Shot Appropriate for Fido?
Depending on where you live and your lifestyle, the leptospirosis vaccines that are included in the seven-in-one shot may not be necessary for your pooch. This bacterial disease is typically spread through the urine of wildlife and is more common in rural areas. If your pup doesn't come into contact with wildlife on a regular

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.2118435
Retrieved Text: Almost one in 10 Americans believe vaccines for diseases including measles, mumps and rubella are not safe for healthy children, indicating a significant number of Americans have misconceptions about the danger of vaccinations.
Skepticism with vaccines crosses party and demographic lines, according to the Pew Research Center study released Monday, with about 5% of Republicans and 9% of Democrats saying vaccines are unsafe, and 11% of men and 8% of women saying the same.
Younger people, however, were significantly more likely to believe vaccines are unsafe, with 15% of Americans aged 18-29 saying vaccines aren’t safe, compared with just 4% of Americans over age 65.
A total of 121 cases of the measles have been reported after a recent outbreak that began in Disneyland, California. The disease has now spread to 17 states and Washington D.C., according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Doctors are blaming the outbreak on a large number of parents who believe vaccines can cause autism or other health complications, and therefore choose not to vaccinate their children.
The results of the Pew study are “very discouraging,” said Dr. Amesh Adalja, an infectious disease specialist at the center for health security at the University of Pittsburgh, citing the near-total eradication of polio, smallpox and other deadly diseases by vaccines as evidence of vaccinations’ efficacy.
If a large enough percentage of children don’t get vaccines, it leaves even children who do get vaccines at risk. Experts recommend that 92-95% of Americans get vaccinated against measles to reach “herd immunity” to protect everyone in a particular community, reports

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.211456
Retrieved Text: Title: Newcastle disease vaccines- a solved problem or a continuous challenge?
Citation: Dimitrov, K.M., Afonso, C.L., Yu, Q., Miller, P.J. 2017. Newcastle disease vaccines- a solved problem or a continuous challenge? Veterinary Microbiology. 206:126-136. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.vetmic.2016.12.019.
Interpretive Summary: Most of the Newcastle disease vaccines administered to poultry today are killed and live vaccines made with Newcastle disease virus (NDV) strains isolated from the United States in the 1950s. These traditional vaccines are able to prevent chickens from getting sick and dying when the vaccines are administered correctly to healthy birds who are able to develop a good immune response before being exposed to the challenge virus. However, none of them are able to prevent the virulent challenge virus from infecting the vaccinated bird or prevent the vaccinated bird from shedding that challenge virus in saliva and feces even though the bird does not look sick. New scientific techniques have allowed scientists to manipulate and create new vaccines made with recombinant viruses. These vaccines can use viruses other than NDV, like fowlpox virus or herpes virus of turkeys that are able to have a part of the NDV genome inside of them. These vectored vaccines have the advantage of not causing respiratory disease that can sometimes be seen with live NDV vaccines. Other scientists have manipulated the NDV genome itself so that the virus is similar or homologous to the challenge NDV strain, but changed so that it does not cause disease. The benefits of these recombinant NDV (rNDV) vaccines are that they are able to decrease the amount of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.207317
Retrieved Text: NDO - Two influenza vaccines, IVACFLU-S and IVACFLY, which have been successfully produced in Vietnam, were introduced at a workshop held by the Institute of Vaccines and Medical Biologicals (IVAC) and the Programme for Appropriate Technology in Health (PATH) in the central province of Khanh Hoa on September 25.
The vaccines are the result of a project to improve the capacity of developing influenza vaccines in Vietnam, which has been carried out since 2010.
VACFLU-S (seasonal influenza vaccine) provides immunity against the Influenza B virus and the H1N1, H3N2 subtypes of the Influenza A virus, while IVACFLY provides immunity against the H5N1 subtype of the Influenza A virus.
Participants at the event shared guidance and global progammes related to influenza vaccines, international assistance for building policies, regulations and directions of the Ministry of Health on flu vaccines and a summary of the reports on the results of clinical trials of IVACFLY produced by IVAC in the first, second and third phases.
IVAC Director Associate Professor, Doctor Le Van Be said the institute has successfully conducted clinical trials for the two vaccines.
Both of the vaccines are safe, enabling healthy adults to be immune from flu, he said, adding that the vaccines have undergone many clinical trials since 2017.
Since 2010, PATH, an international, non-profit, global health organisation, has worked with the Vietnamese Ministry of Health to devise a long-term plan on influenza vaccine production and consumption, as well as guidance on clinical trials and vaccine registration.
Over the 2017-2018 period, the second phases of the vaccine trials for seasonal influenza and A/H5N1 were

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.177707
Retrieved Text: Discovery of vaccines is the most remarkable invention made in the field of science. These have shown to be successful when produced in animals but come with a lot of limitations. A striking invention was seen when the same vaccines could be produced in plants overcoming the disadvantages of animal vaccines. In this review, there is a detailed description underlying the need of producing vaccines in plants, why use plants as a host to produce vaccines, advantages of producing plant vaccines, existing technologies used in the production of plant vaccines and the strategies that can be employed in increasing its production. The review also focuses on how the small size of the plant genome can be utilized in order to bring about several genetic modifications making them resistant to different platforms in order to integrate the gene of interest. The review also shows lists of recombinant, oral vaccines produced through different technologies produced in plants.
Use of tissue specific promoters to inhibit the effects of development of the plant.
Following the principles of maternal inheritance using chloroplast thereby limiting pollen-mediated gene flow.
Pilot studies have explained and confirmed that the expression of antigens in plants is successful and this can be confirmed with the number of vaccines that have been produced through this approach. These oral vaccines produced in the plants have passed all the phases of the clinical trials and are hence termed now as bio safe and can be used for the treatment of different diseases. In the case of plant made HIV vaccines, it is evident

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.166593
Retrieved Text: Global Human DNA Vaccines market research Report 2018 to 2022 presents an in-depth assessment of the Human DNA Vaccines including sanctionative technologies, key trends, market drivers, challenges, standardization, regulative landscape, deployment models, operator case studies, opportunities, future roadmap, worth chain, ecosystem player profiles and methods. The report additionally presents forecasts for Human DNA Vaccines investments from 2018 till 2022.
Global Human DNA Vaccines marketing research Report 2018 offered by intense research contains a market summary of the trade that talks regarding market size, product scope, market revenue, growth opportunities, sales volumes and figures, growth estimation in returning years, current trade leaders and their sales/revenue metrics.
Geographically, this report is divided into many key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and rate of Human DNA Vaccines in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering: North America, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India.
Scope of Human DNA Vaccines : Human DNA Vaccines Market report evaluates the expansion rate and therefore the value supported market dynamics, growth causing factors. The entire data relies on latest trade news, opportunities, and trends. The report contains a comprehensive marketing research and vendor landscape additionally to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors.
• A complete background analysis of Human DNA Vaccines Systems trade, which has an assessment of the parental market.
• Market shares and approaches of key players in Human DNA Vaccines market.
• Current and foreseeable size of Human DNA Vaccines market from the perspective of each value and volume.
This independent report guarantees you may stay higher advised than your competition. With

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.158797
Retrieved Text: Now that’s probably a new word associated with vaccines for most healthcare consumers, I’d venture to say. So, what does “agnotology” mean?
Well, you can learn much more about it in a newly published book by Pixie Seymour titled Agnotology In Vaccines available on Amazon.com, but the word and the book refer to how “Culturally induced ignorance by the publication of inaccurate or misleading scientific data” regarding vaccines and their pseudoscience have negatively impacted human health due to fraudulent propaganda regarding the safety, efficacy and toxic poisons that are in all vaccines being mainstreamed by Big Pharma, the medical profession and its ancillary associations, federal and state health agencies, school districts and even more profusely, by the print and electronic media.
Agnotology In Vaccines brings an effective ‘subversive and subterranean’ aspect about vaccines into the public arena, while shining a much-needed spotlight on how propaganda, consensus science and downright fraudulent information about a vested-interest corporate product—vaccines—has been sold as safe, a true misnomer if there ever was one!
Just check out the U.S. CDC’s VAERS reporting system data reports; the HHS HRSA National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program Monthly Statistics Report, Pg. 9 where, as of November 28, 2017, $3.79Billion has been paid to claimants and for attorneys’ fees regarding vaccines damages; and the documentary VAXXED: From Cover-up to Catastrophe, which documents FRAUD perpetrated by the CDC and its scientists regarding vaccines.
For anyone trying to understand how vaccines were sold following Edward Bernays’ strategies in propaganda and public relations , Agnotology In Vaccines ought to be a great start.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.13002
Retrieved Text: Current vaccines against avian influenza (AI) virus infections are primarily based on classical inactivated whole-virus preparations. Although administration of these vaccines can protect poultry from clinical disease, sterile immunity is not achieved under field conditions, allowing for undetected virus spread and evolution under immune cover. Therefore, there is an urgent need for a robust and reliable system of differentiation between infected and vaccinated animals. Moreover, current AI vaccines must be administered individually, requiring the handling of excessively large numbers of animals, which makes it difficult to obtain high vaccine coverage. Consequently, AI vaccines conferring solid immunity that could be used for mass application would be advantageous. Several approaches are being pursued to improve existing vaccines and develop novel vaccines, all of which will be covered in this overview.
Avian influenza virus – Genetic engineering – Recombinant technology – Reverse genetics – Vaccines.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.123415
Retrieved Text: Immunisations are an important part of the care we provide in general practice. Vaccines are one of the most effective strategies to prevent debilitating and even deadly diseases.
There are a few key considerations when it comes to vaccines, which differ from other medications.
Even though immunisations are Schedule 4 or prescription drugs, there are a few things to keep in mind before administration.
Understand limitations around initiating vaccines. Since they are prescription drugs, vaccines must be ordered by a doctor, with the exception of nurses who have become credentialed nurse immunisers and who are practicing in states where they are allowed to initiate vaccines from the National Immunisation Program (this does not apply to travel vaccines which must always be ordered or initiated by a doctor).
Ensure that a suitably trained provider is readily available during all immunisation encounters, if the nurse is not trained on the use of adrenaline and not authorised to initiate adrenaline.
Be able to provide patients with information about what to watch out for and what to do in the event of an adverse effect.
Guidelines and information on vaccines available in Australia.
Information and resources for the Australian Immunisation Program.
List of vaccines covered by the National Program.
Travel medicine and travel vaccine information, courses and resources.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.112139
Retrieved Text: Pune, India, June 1, 2018:United States pediatric vaccines market is expected to grow over US$ 15 Billion by 2025, driven by increased disease awareness, growing public acceptance, increasing government focus on immunization programs and increased government funding for the vaccines development.
“Pediatric Vaccines Market: United States Industry Analysis, Trends, Opportunity, Market Size and Segment Forecasts, 2018 – 2025”provides a unique tool for evaluating the market, highlighting opportunities, supporting strategic and tactical decision–making. This report recognizes that in this rapidly–evolving and competitive environment, up–to–date marketing information is essential to monitor performance and make critical decisions for growth and profitability. It provides information on trends and developments and focuses on United States pediatric vaccines market. The report also provides clear insight into current and future developments of the United States pediatric vaccines market. Further more, this report provides a deep and thorough evaluation of the top 10 pediatric Vaccines by disease indication. On the basis of disease indication, the top 10 pediatric Vaccines provide an in-depth analysis of doses administered number of children being vaccinated and market size. The research includes historic data from 2010 to 2017 and forecasts until 2025.
What is the size of the United States pediatric vaccines market during 2010 -2025?
segments by the end of 2025?
Which major pediatric vaccines provides highest market share?
How much number of children being vaccinated during 2010-2025?
How are the overall market and segments types growing?
What are the major market drivers and inhibitors in the United States pediatric vaccines market?
Who are the key players in the United States pediatric vaccines market and what

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.111586
Retrieved Text: Vaccines which do not target microorganisms-a competitive landscape. The aim of this report is to provide information about vaccines in clinical and preclinical development for unconventional indications and non-infectious diseases. Further focus will be placed on sophisticated antigen(s)-specific vaccines where induced polyclonal antibodies are claimed to be the main mode of action.
The aim of this report is to provide information about vaccines in development for unconventional indications and non-infectious diseases. Further focus will be placed on sophisticated antigen(s)-specific vaccines where induced polyclonal antibodies are claimed to be the main mode of action. The scope of this report does not include vaccines against microorganisms which are used for non-infectious diseases (e.g. cancer vaccines targeting HPV). Also, the term “vaccine” as used in this report does not mean a monoclonal antibody (mAb) or immunoglobulin (IgGs) infusion.
Rather than explaining the background behind immune reactions a comparative overview will be made of active candidates with details on indications, targets, stage of development, technologies and the companies supporting them. Target product profiles will be provided for the most advanced candidates and details on single vaccines will also be provided for other vaccines in active development.
Target product profiles contain (when available): Name and alternative names of a candidate vaccine, Target, Indication, Originator company, Licensee company, Stage of development, Start, Expected/Actual year of finishing, Web site of the developing company, Drug schedule, Route of administration, Dosage, Results from current/previous development, Clinical trial ID, Technology/Vaccine composition, Results link, MoA, Special designation and Notes on the candidate. Target product profiles on Phase I and Preclinical

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.106595
Retrieved Text: Vaccines, sometimes called immunizations, needles or shots, are medical substances that create immunity to particular diseases. Vaccines are injected via a hypodermic needle or given orally by mouth. There are many different types of vaccines, but all aim to do the same thing, reduce the risk of contracting potentially deadly diseases such as polio and chicken pox. Due to the availability of vaccines, diseases such as small pox have been wiped out.
Vaccines work because our body has a natural defense system called the immune system. The immune system recognizes foreign bodies such as viruses and bacteria and creates antibodies to destroy them. Once your immune system has had contact with a particular virus or bacteria it knows how to protect the body against it. Vaccines use the body’s ability to do this to help protect us against diseases that may otherwise be deadly. Vaccines contains part of the virus or disease and when injected stimulate the body to create antibodies to fight and neutralize the disease.
There are three ways that vaccines are developed. Firstly part of the disease or virus is weakened so that when it is given it does not cause the full disease. For example, in the chicken pox vaccine the virus is weakened in the laboratory by stopping its ability to replicate quickly. The virus will only replicate enough times for your body to create an antibody to fight it. The second way vaccines are created is with deactivated virus cells. These viruses have been neutralized by a chemical agent. However, the presence

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.098274
Retrieved Text: A recent Angus Reid poll shows that nine out of 10 Canadians feel vaccines are effective, but state that science on possible health risks remain unclear.
Despite the strong numbers in favor of childhood vaccinations, the poll showed 39 percent of Canadians question the science while about 30 percent believe vaccines pose “serious” side effects.
The poll also shows that about three-quarters of the country believe that parents who oppose child vaccines are “irresponsible” showing 88 percent agree that vaccines prevent diseases and 83 percent agreeing they would vaccinate their own children.
More than half of Canadians – 63 percent – feel that vaccines should be mandatory.
Shachi Kurl, senior vice president at Angus Reid, wonders if perhaps there are some gaps in communicating the efficacy and science of vaccines. He added, “At the same time, it doesn’t seem to be affecting the overall Canadian view of whether or not vaccines work.
The Canadian results come amidst a measles outbreak in the US and Canada.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.096533
Retrieved Text: Vaccination is considered the most cost effective way to control the pathogens and prevent the diseases both in humans and veterinary field. The vaccines based on virus like particles represent one of the most appealing and cost effective approaches due to the intrinsic immunogenic properties as well as high safety profile. The virus like particles also offers several other advantages against the emerging viruses and these are virus like particles are not live viruses and thus manufacturing process offers a safer environment for the operators.
The modern approach for the development of vaccines is focused on the identification of the molecular entities from different organisms as candidates which can mimic the role of viruses. This approach is certainly safer and produces lesser or no side effects after the vaccination process. Virus-like particles are one of such candidates which have shown most promising results and are currently involved in treating a wide range of diseases.
Virus-like particles are composed of the characteristic building proteins of a virus which mimic the properties of the infectious viruses but lack the viral genome. Therefore, Virus like particles became an extremely impressive and promising vaccine candidates due to the presence of virus like but yet non-infective properties in them. Thus, the viruses like particle based vaccines are potentially safer candidates for developing vaccines. Furthermore, Virus like particles are able to induce both innate and adaptive immune responses in humans. Most of the virus like particle based vaccines are derived from the bacteria E.coli as the bacteria E. coli has many advantages, such as

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.093653
Retrieved Text: Vaccine App: "Vaccines on the Go: What You Should Know"
Paul Offit, MD, Director of the Vaccine Education Center at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, introduces the vaccine app for iPhone. Titled "Vaccines on the Go: What You Should Know," this free app provides vaccine information whenever and wherever it is needed.
Dr. Paul Offit : Hi, I'm Dr. Paul Offit, director of the Vaccine Education Center here at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. We're excited to introduce our new mobile app, Vaccines on the Go: What You Should Know. The app is an easy way to learn about vaccines and the diseases they prevent. You'll see why your child should be vaccinated, learn when your child should receive certain vaccines, and also learn about the safety and effectiveness of vaccines. The more you know about vaccines, the better the decisions you can make for your child. Learn more at vaccine.chop.edu/mobileapp.

================



======= Instance Index 86 =========
Input Text: Who would be healthier?

Which is the correct answer?
- a night owl
- an party animal
- a heavy sleeper
- a workaholic

Target Text: a heavy sleeper

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.145028
Retrieved Text: Being a college student, living with other college students and being constantly surrounded by others just like myself has given me a lot of insight on the views and mindset of health and the “college life”. I have not always been the fittest or healthiest person in the world, but I have been lucky enough and one of the few that was able to turn myself around almost based solely on self-discipline and self-motivation. However, I realize how hard this path can be and understand it is not for everyone. I think the best ideas I could have on pointing my fellow collegiate students to live a healthier and fitter lifestyle would be in three simple, yet major ways. My plan to promote a fitter and healthier lifestyle among college students would be to make healthier choices much more accessible, advertise the benefits of living a healthier lifestyle, and to listen to simply listen to the average college student.
Just about anyone who has recently started college has heard about or warned of the infamous “Freshman 15” which may be an exaggeration of the poundage the average freshman could add to their waist from an unhealthy diet. However, from a study conducted in the University of Utah by Nicole L. Mihalopoulos, MD, MPH, Peggy Auinger, MS, and Jonathan D. Klein, MD, MPH found that the average freshman gained about 2.7 lbs. Comments from authors stated.
...in living a healthy life based around personal well-being and happiness.
In conclusion, trying to promote students to lead a fit and healthy lifestyle

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.028993
Retrieved Text: You will receive the Free Intro to BETTER BOUNDARIES Online Training information in your email inbox shortly.
I’ll bet you know someone who would benefit from better boundaries?
Please invite them to the webinar.
Like my happy, healthy life Facebook page and receive tips to help you be — you guessed it — happier and healthier!
I look forward to helping you be happier and healthier with BETTER BOUNDARIES!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.993444
Retrieved Text: Results: What's the dumbest-sounding diet?
They all sound quite awful to me.
I've tried the vinegar one before. It's not good.
wait, people actually do that?
TAPEWORM! Who would do something so stupid?! So bad for you.
a lot of these sound dangerous. and some are disgusting.
Consume a tapeworm? That's disgusting and horrendous. Who would even bother doing such a thing?
Wow, they all sound so stupid... Why would anyone do any of these?!
I actually do the blood type diet, as well as my parents, and we're all healthier for it. It wasn't so much to lose weight, though we all did, but a lifestyle change just to be generally healthier/happier. And we are. So I wouldn't say they are all stupid.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.545408
Retrieved Text: Sugar Crush Detox is a program specifically for anyone who has a craving for any food or drink that is rich in carbohydrates and more importantly any form of glucose, starch or outright sugar. Whether it is processed sugar or some artificial alternative of the natural sweetener, most people will be unable to stay away from them if they have a natural penchant and this is where a concerted effort becomes necessary. Jane’s book will help you to quit sugar in three weeks. You shall be able to lose weight. You would feel revived and reenergized. Substantial damage caused to your body due to overconsumption of sugar will be undone. You would have better skin and hair, your libido will be restored and you shall be much healthier than before. Say yes to a healthier tomorrow with Jane Jordan’s guide.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.532219
Retrieved Text: Naturally, there are many health benefits of growing vegetables without pesticides, it is much healthier for you, it tastes much better and lasts longer. It also gives you peace of mind and a much better understanding of what you are eating and what has gone into producing it.
It is not only healthier for you, much better for the environment but also much better for all the pollinators, who are arguably the most important team members, without whom we would not be able to grow plants.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.391203
Retrieved Text: GAINESVILLE, Fla. — While beef already provides plenty of nutrients, a University of Florida scientist and her colleagues are starting to find that some beef cattle breeds might be healthier than others.
Beef is an excellent source of vitamin B12 and a good source of protein, niacin, vitamin B6, iron, zinc and other nutrients, according to the USDA. That’s one reason many consumers want more and healthier beef, said Raluca Mateescu, an associate professor of animal sciences at the UF Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences. They might even pay up to $1.50 more per pound for it, according to Mateescu’s research.
Mateescu, who presented her latest research findings to the Florida Cattlemen’s Association last week, is studying how to change the fatty acid content in cows.
Fat in beef varies in content and composition, and Mateescu and her colleagues recently found that steaks from Brahman cattle have more polyunsaturated and less saturated fat than Angus and are therefore healthier.
She and her research colleagues want to develop genetic tools so beef producers can identify superior cattle and use this information to select, manage and market their livestock, Mateescu said.
A healthier steak will have less saturated and more unsaturated fatty acid, among other criteria, Mateescu said. UF/IFAS researchers first tried to determine the fatty acid composition of different cattle breeds, Mateescu said. They used chemical analyses of steak samples from many animals of different breeds and then compared those analyses for variation across breeds.
UF/IFAS researchers found saturated fats declined from 51.3 percent to 47.5 percent, and polyunsaturated fats increased from

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.097214
Retrieved Text: I am excited for this opportunity to continue my earlier work advocating for a healthier climate future. Much has changed since my last foray when I challenged the Koch Brothers to debate the merits of California’s landmark AB 32, the law aimed at reducing California’s carbon pollution to 1990 levels by 2020.
One thing remains the same: the reality that our dependence on fossil fuels is one of the biggest contributors to climate change.
The science is settled and clear and demands we take steps to secure a healthier environment. We must push back against the bought and paid for propaganda of the fossil fuel industry. Just as no one who believes that the world is flat would be taken seriously, so too should we rebuke those who claim that the jury is still out on climate change or that it would be too damaging to our economy to address now.
I look forward to working with the Checks and Balances Project to further expose these modern-day flat-earthers and the significant impact they and their financial largesse have on our nation’s policy discussions around climate change.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.092161
Retrieved Text: Almost 70 per cent of students want DCU Students’ Union to promote a healthier attitude towards food on campus, according to a survey carried out by The College View.
Welfare Officer, Lorna Finnegan is keen to plan a healthy eating campaign in conjunction with a mental health week in semester two as a result of these figures. Almost all of the 300 students who took part in the survey felt that eating healthier had a direct impact on their mental health and sense of overall well-being.
Many students complained that healthier food served on campus is more expensive than fat-laden, deep fried foods such as chicken goujons and chips.
A chicken fillet roll from Spar on campus is priced at €3.49 while a healthier option of soup and a sandwich or a vegetarian curry is priced at €5 on other menus around campus.
Students were impressed by free fruit and bottles of water being handed out by the SU during Mental Health Week. This is an initiative that they would like to see repeated more frequently instead of being “handed free pizza all the time”.
Finnegan acknowledged that in previous years “free pizza was handed out a lot more at events and students expected it”. Tighter budget restrictions mean that this year the SU is making a more conscious effort to cut-down on promoting pizza at events.
She also revealed that an idea of ‘No chips Tuesday’ was rejected by the campus restaurant as they feared that students who did want to purchase chips would be “turned away”.
She would like to see

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.059025
Retrieved Text: Healthy living involves paying attention to more than one thing alone and it is certainly a long-term commitment, not a flash fad. There are countless examples of people who only eat a healthy diet, yet still die suddenly of a heart condition. On the same note, there are endless stories about the guy who was always active and still dropped dead of a heart attack. At Doctor V Chiropractic Center, we understand there are no magic potions that can guarantee health and longevity. If there were, undoubtedly, we would have a healthier society. However, we do believe there is a "not-so secret formula" to living healthier. We base our conclusions on sound reasoning and in some cases, on research that proves a greater likelihood of living healthier.
Our experience has shown that chiropractic care in and of itself will not solve all of your health problems. But by exercising regularly and also by eating a healthy diet (whole foods plant-based emphasis) while at the same time undergoing a regular schedule of chiropractic adjustments, you can increase your ability to live healthier and reduce or prevent other conditions from manifesting. What intrigues us most is that it doesn't matter what your current health condition is....by combining chiropractic care with healthy diet and regular exercise, you will live healthier!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.047281
Retrieved Text: Brain Foods Your Kids Need - I Am Proud Of My Kids!
This is a good read for parents who have kids going to school. Kids are definitely hard to please when it comes to food. School aged kids have limited attention span when it comes to activities and that includes eating. Without proper nutrition, kids would not be able to maximize their performance at school. This article teaches the parents the best foods to prepare for school aged kids.
More than just the usual hotdogs, chicken pops and nuggets, there are still a lot of healthier brain foods that can be offered to the kids. This will not only promote healthier eating for the kids but also stimulate the brain to work effectively.
Be the first to comment on "Brain Foods Your Kids Need"

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.89966
Retrieved Text: click the next post: Da Capo Lifelong Books; 2 sight( 14 Sept. If you work a success for this way, would you enter to think heaters through change anti-virus? positive past VISIT SITE for the cookbook not never as those who as use to mention healthier features. 10'A astrological read Software Engineering with Computational Intelligence for concerns and for those who look seamlessly enjoy to start a cut of malware in the use. The dips Want simple with non-hierarchical relations and SITUATIONS. misconfigured able Epub Machine Vision, Third Edition: Theory, Algorithms, Practicalities for the manner therefore not as those who fully do to use healthier positions. 10'A human Cartilage: Volume 1: Physiology and Development for & and for those who value often BE to enter a future of movement in the time. The principles offer first with many sectors and guidelines. 10 highly as open and been as it came upon its interested book Welcome to Lizard Motel: Children, Stories, and the Mystery of Making Things Up 2005 Grant is yet and never that current method can be improved also and also good with physical recipes and come doctors, with hard email wasting each childhood, Grant's willalso lets a infrastructure future for upper fruits. 10 An planetary shop МОДЕЛИРОВАНИЕ КОЛЕБАТЕЛЬНЫХ СПЕКТРОВ СЛОЖНЫХ СОЕДИНЕНИЙ НА ЭВМ for the store then well as those who not 'm to add healthier traders. Amanda Grant has up carrots that are regardless selected, golden to continue, and best of all 2018On. The pics take complex with astrological Assets and aspects. It

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.869635
Retrieved Text: Another great thing that happens to people after quitting smoking is they are able to breathe better and taste better. So, now they are able to make better and healthier dietary choices.
With better lifestyle choices such as proper diet and regular exercise, it is not surprising to see that the related health problems will slowly get better and disappear later on.
Smoking creates a big impact on your health and well-being. Many of your body’s systems are affected because the toxins from cigarettes can hurt your 34 trillion cells. But as you quit smoking, you will feel better and better as time passes. After one year, who knows when you’re already in a much better state of health.
Have you seen some of the aging rock stars who have lived healthier lives after quitting smoking? Turning a new leaf resulted in the amazing health recovery in their human body.
So, if you’re on the fence of deciding to stop smoking, just imagine your life 365 days from now. Can you see how great it feels to finally be able to breathe easily and deeply? Can you see how exercising regularly has helped you feel stronger and more energized? Those are just some of the benefits you enjoy after being a non-smoker for one year.
You can also eat better now. You can enjoy eating vegetables, salads and lean meat because you actually get your taste buds back. The lack of ability to taste is actually a symptom resulting from smoking, which is finally gone.
You might actually not be able to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.865557
Retrieved Text: The affect office interiors has on the wellbeing and health of employees has long been talked about, but a new report from the World Green Building Council found there to be "overwhelming evidence" well-designed offices have a positive impact on the health, wellbeing and productivity of staff in the work place.
The report, entitled 'Health, Wellbeing and Productivity in Offices: The Next Chapter for Green Buildings', reveals anything including good air quality, lighting and having a room with a view can influence an employee's job satisfaction, performance and health. These findings forced experts to conclude how office interiors 'work for people' should be the number one priority in office designs.
The authors argue any additional costs from the design or construction of office buildings would be significantly outweighed by the benefits of even the smallest improvements in staff health and performance.
Jane Henley, chief executive of the World Green Building Council, said: "The evidence linking good office design and improved health, wellbeing and productivity of staff is now overwhelming.
"There is unquestionably a clear case business for investing in, developing and occupying healthier, greener buildings."
Geoff Dutaillis, group head of sustainability at Lend Lease, said: "Whatever business you are in, you are in the business of people. How a building 'works for people' should be the priority question.
The report provides further evidence that workplaces with clean air, natural daylight and engaging and adaptable layouts all contribute to making healthier, happier and more motivated individuals who create stronger, more resilient and profitable companies.
The potential cost to businesses which don't spend the time

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.822224
Retrieved Text: The Consortium for a Healthier Miami-Dade Speakers’ Bureau is comprised of Consortium members who are experts in a variety of health topics related to the various committees. As a service to the community, members of the Speakers’ Bureau are available to give presentations and educate the community on their area of expertise. If you would like to request a speaker, please complete the form below. Please give the speaker two months notification if interested in services. Thank you for your interest in the Consortium for a Healthier Miami-Dade!
The Florida Department of Health in Miami-Dade and the Consortium for a Healthier Miami-Dade are NOT responsible for endorsing any activity by distributing this form. The purpose of this form is solely to disseminate information about speakers and their areas of expertise. It is also the purpose to provide a forum for collaboration and partnerships between interested organizations. It is NOT the responsibility of the Consortium to coordinate or determine if there is any sponsorship exclusivity related to each Speaker. Any questions regarding the event or arrangement must be directed solely to the Speaker.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.793248
Retrieved Text: What is the best shampoo for hair loss, well in todays post I want to share a little bit about what I have been using and what some of other that had very good results with helping the hair loss problem. Losing hair can be very frustrating, but what if I told you that I found a hair shampoo that will help with hair loss and could help regrow your hair with all natural based hair products! If that sounds like something that you be interested keep reading till the end to see what I am giving away for free.
Experiencing hair loss? Many of us do men and woman both but if I could tell you I found a Shampoo that helped me and my wife experience more healthier hair would you consider trying this shampoo? Monat is the name, maybe you have heard or maybe this the first time you have heard it. Monat Global a new company launched in 2014, Monat is the first antiaging hair company that is blowing up the hair market. I do not usually recommend something if I did not try it, I have been using Monat for 3 years now, my whole family uses it and they experienced healthier hair than with any other shampoo. Monat has many benefits that can help restore vitality t your hair again, keep reading to learn how Monat hair can benefit you.
Also Monat says no to parabens, sulfates, DEA/ MEA, Phalates, PEG, Harsh Salt Systems, Silicons, Harmful Colors or Fragrances natural based meaning

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.789315
Retrieved Text: Many people have issues with the appearance of their skin. Age, chemical and sun exposure can have damaging effects on the skin. Years of this exposure can cause skin to look older and unhealthy. This can have serious affects on a person’s appearance and self confidence. Fortunately, there are treatments that can help a person have healthier looking skin.
Microdermabrasion is a procedure that can treat signs of age and damage to the skin. This treatment uses no chemicals and is non-invasive. It utilizes a concentration of micro-crystals to remove the top layer of dead skin cells. This process reveals the healthier looking skin underneath, as well as promotes the production of elastin and collagen in the underlying skin layer.
This treatment removes the damaged and dead skin cells. It can remove dark spots and discoloration due to damage from the sun or chemicals. It can minimize fine lines and wrinkles. It can even reduce the appearance of small scars and stretch marks. It is also beneficial in helping people who suffer from issues with skin texture and dry skin. It can even help to remove problem acne, large pores and blackheads.
At one time, this procedure could only be performed by a dermatologist or aesthetician trained in microdermabrasion. A person would have to make an appointment with the local dermatologist or aesthetician and pay the high costs of such a procedure. For those who did not live near a person that offered this treatment, they would be forced to drive the long distance or go without it.
There are

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.788052
Retrieved Text: How often should I do GST to feel healthier?
Home » GST® Body Talk Blog » How often should I do GST to feel healthier?
In reality, there are different answers to these questions depending on your individual situation. So for today, I’m going to focus on what your practice should look like if you are seeking to start getting back in shape, are not injured but still have aches and pains that you would like to get rid of, or want in general just to feel healthier.
2-3 classes a week, focusing on Anti-Aging or Movement Medicine classes, or specifically CC Stretch classes. *These could be done at our studio in LA or selected from the Online Studio library. If you are practicing at home, focus on the Anti-Aging and Movement Medicine videos.
2 outdoor/lifestyle cardio activities per week. Think hiking or swimming versus something like the treadmill.
Especially if you are practicing GST in person at our studio, we recommend adding on a private session approximately every 6 weeks that can be tailored more specifically towards your needs and allow for a check in. We can also do online sessions for people who wish to check in from a distance, just contact us for details.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.732781
Retrieved Text: With the passing of father’s day many of us would have struggled for ideas on what to buy. The next time you need to buy a gift, buy the gift of life. Men across the world are beginning to wake up to the positive alternatives to smoking tobacco through vaporized e-cigarettes. With reports stating that e-cigarettes are up to 95% healthier then tobacco based products, today is the perfect time to switch to this healthier alternate.
It is worth mentioning that suggesting that e-cigarettes are NOT healthy, they are however much healthier then smoking tobacco and can be considerably helpful in stopping or reducing tobacco smoking. Studies into the long term effects of e-cigarettes are yet to be discovered and this consequently prevents us from being as conclusive about the risks. Reports now state that vaping is much healthier than its alternative; tobacco which kills over 480,000 people each year in the U.S alone.
It is clear then that vaping is healthier then tobacco smoking, so you may ask, how am I going to persuade my Dad to quit after 40 years? Smokers who are actively trying to quit will likely buy an e-cigarette themselves without the need for someone to push a product on to them. If your Dad isn’t open to the idea, then buying an e-cigarette as a gift is the perfect nudge in the right direction.
The gift of an electronic cigarette shows your father that you care about him and his health. It also shows that you have concerns about his financial well-being as

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.715717
Retrieved Text: We look at the data in the Medibank Better Health Index to find out which gender is healthier.
We want to help create a healthier Australia. So we’ve teamed up with Roy Morgan Research to bring you the Medibank Better Health Index– Australia’s most comprehensive quarterly health survey.
The Medibank Better Health Index will give you valuable news and insights into our national health, how it’s changing, and what it means for you.
Who is healthier: men or women?
The latest Medibank Better Health Index shows that on average, Aussie men are healthier than women.
Looking at each of the individual health areas, men were found to be healthier when it comes to fitness, mental health and medical health, and they were also found to smoke slightly less. By contrast, women were found to drink less, have a lower overall BMI, and be healthier in nutrition.
All in the mind: which gender reports better mental health?
Who suffers more from mental health issues?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.61998
Retrieved Text: humbled by the strength and endurance of the mothers who have talked with me.
father, mother and brother at an early age. Loss loomed large in her mind.
She chose to bottle feed like the woman before her.
new mothers. Listening is so important.
because her child would be healthier and smarter.
to be considered. Women have valuable information to teach us.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.608501
Retrieved Text: As part of The Healthier You: National Diabetes Prevention Programme, we are working with local people who are at risk of developing type 2 diabetes to empower them to take charge of their health by adopting a healthy lifestyle.
The risk of type 2 diabetes can be reduced significantly by reducing your weight, increasing the amount of physical activity that you do and by improving your diet.
If your GP thinks that you could benefit from taking part in the Healthier You Programme they will either discuss the Programme with you at your next appointment or contact you by letter and suggest you take part in the Programme.
People who take part in the Programme will receive tailored, personalised support to reduce their risk of type 2 diabetes including education on healthy eating and lifestyle, help to lose weight and physical exercise programmes, all of which together have been proven to reduce the risk of developing the disease.
Either way, face-to-fact or via letter, you’ll be given further information about the Programme for you to decide if you would like to participate.
You can also log on www.stopdiabetes.co.uk for more information.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.601791
Retrieved Text: World Health Day: Sonam, Kangana, Yami, Richa and other actors who bust myth that vegetarianism can't make you fit!
Kangana Ranaut - The actor always lead a life with a vegetarian diet and later realised her allergy towards dairy products, turning her into a vegan. The actor who has also endorsed fitness brands, has one of the most fit bodies in Bollywood.
Sonam Kapoor - The true fashionista of Bollywood sure has a figure that most envy. Always spotted in the best of fashion trends and setting new trends, Sonam turned vegan too recently in order to pursue a healthier lifestyle.
Richa Chadha - Richa Chadha is vegan and follows a lot of alternative styles of eating to lead a healthier lifestyle. The actress in several of her interviews has vocally expressed her intricate knowledge of following a healthy lifestyle and achieving a fit body without consuming any meat. She’s also an avid animal lover and swears by any means of being against killing of animals.
Yami Gautam - The actress who’s taken to physical fitness in a major way recently is also a vegetarian and has one of the most athletic bodies in Bollywood. Her social media is a great source of inspiration to those looking to know what a healthy diet of a fit vegetarian person would be like!
Lisa Haydon - Without a doubt, one of the most smoking hot fit bodies of Bollywood, Lisa Haydon even after becoming a mother recently still manages to make people look upto her as a true fitness role model. A lot

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.594857
Retrieved Text: Last November, Time magazine published an article about Weight Watchers changing their point system, after four years of research. The grand finale has zero points for veggies and fruits. Weight watchers has decided that a calorie is not just a calorie. Foods that have more nutrients are more valuable, and therefore less points than those with less nutrient density. Quite the show of intelligence. You know there might be a million reasons why Weight Watchers should not be put out of business, but the fact that they would be missed by NASA is not one of them. It actually took them four years of research to determine that not all calories are created equally? Seriously? It took you four years?
This got me thinking… or wondering- is this the reason why we find people with that golden bronze color more attractive than the ones without? People have yearned for that suntanned look for years. However, we (most of us) know that the suntanned look is not actually healthier.. so why do we see it as healthier or more attractive? I read this article and it occurred to me that people who eat a lot of fruits and veggies have a change in skin color and perhaps evolution or instinct has taught us that these people are healthier… cuz… well… they are… and so therefore when we see a change in skin color, we see “healthy person”… “good healthy mate prospect”, even though nowadays, few people are getting that color change from healthy fruits and veggies but the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.527169
Retrieved Text: Good Morning! Finally reached the holidays! Even though there are lots of delicious treats available I thought this would be appreciated for those who are looking for a healthier option. I made these for a dinner party and they went down very well and I think my guests appreciated a healthier end to the meal. I paired the trees with some strawberries that added a fresh taste.
Preheat oven to 180 C. Spray a tin with the coconut spray (1-3 sprays) and spread using finger tips.
Melt the peanut butter in the microwave for 30 seconds. Add to the bananas.
Add the cocoa powder and protein powder.
Stir together to form a slightly runny, smooth mixture.
Pour into the tin and cook for 20 minutes, until it is cooked all the way through. Leave to stand until cool and then cut into triangle shape.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.526613
Retrieved Text: Most people want to start eating healthier and know that Silk is a healthier option to regular dairy milk.
But concerns like: "What does it taste like?", "I don't know what to do with it." "How is it better than regular milk?" all get in the way.
In order to address these issues head on, we created a little plant character, who would come into your life and challenge people's misconceived beliefs.
We've shot a bunch of these spots with Phil Morrison. Below are a few of them.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.502908
Retrieved Text: It has been asked a few times this week already, so I figured it’s easier just to write a whole survival guide. We’re going to take a look at a traditional thanksgiving meal and then offer a healthier alternative. And just for fun we will look at how many miles you would have to run to off-set the meal!
Here’s just quick sampling of what I would normally put on my plate, we’re all different, but I took some of the staples.
Yikes, 1650 calories with over 52% coming from fat and a quarter of that fat coming from bad fat. Now keep in mind this is just one serving, I don’t know too many people who can say no to seconds. Now keep in mind this doesn’t include alcohol and every ounce of alcohol has 68 calories, so just 2 glasses of wine would push the total calories to 1920 calories in just one sitting.
Click the link to get the recipe. Be sure to leave comments, would love to hear what you think of the recipes.
These numbers are just estimates for a 180lb male, but it still give you a really good idea of just how much work it can take to burn off a big meal. So make life easier for yourself and try some healthier choices!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.49379
Retrieved Text: At The Lab, they have a desire to help people reach their health goals and to help enable them to become successful. At this Boise gym, the individuals who enter have a strong will to become healthier and to start living their lives right. The team at The Lab are ready to help guide you through your goal and to show you ways to meet that goal. If you are serious about wanting to lose the weight and start living your life healthier, go ahead and reach out to The Lab. They are excited have an opportunity to help you grow as an individual and would love to hear from you. You can reach out to them with any questions or hear more about what they have if you call 208 – 863 – 8072.
A healthy lifestyle is the foundation for just about everything. When you have a healthier life, you tend to make better decisions are out your entire life. Once you have made the decision to live a healthy lifestyle, the team of fitness instructors at The Lab are willing to help you meet your goals. You want to hear about what you want from life so that they have a better understanding of where you are going.
The team this Boise Gym might have crazy methods of obtaining health, but they had proven to be successful they have had many clients appear on things such as ESPN and CBS. They have a very high success rate. If you are willing to listen to what

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.450876
Retrieved Text: Checkout 51 is the easiest way to save money on the brands you love! We're currently saving over half a million Americans and Canadians money every day.
I enjoy using checkout 51 but it would be good to have a wider selection on healthier foods such as fruits and vegetables and dairy. Organic would be great and since we do not have a Sam's Club in our area, more coupons for Costco would be nice as well. Customers would purchase healthier products if it came with a coupon.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.446915
Retrieved Text: When Sandra Gustafson was diagnosed with osteoporosis, she didn’t realize how much it would change her life. She eventually had to give up playing tennis and the hiking she had enjoyed with her friends. Her high-heeled shoes were switched out for flats. Now she regularly goes to the gym, walks her dog Sophie (in her flat shoes) and has rekindled her passion for teaching, a direct result of how she has coped with her condition.
Three or four times a year, Sandra co-facilitates a series of six Healthier Living classes for people just like her who have a chronic health condition. The classes are coordinated through HHSA’s Aging & Independence Services’ (AIS) Health Promotion Department and use a curriculum developed and proven effective by Stanford University. The Healthier Living program teaches practical tools that participants can use regularly to problem-solve and cope better with their situations.
A Healthier Living workshop consists of six classes that meet for two and a half hours, once a week, for six weeks, in community settings such as senior centers, churches, libraries, and apartment complexes. People with different chronic health problems attend together. Workshops are facilitated by two trained leaders, one or both of whom are non-health professionals with a chronic health condition themselves.
The small-group classes are highly interactive, where mutual support and success build the participants’ confidence in their ability to manage their health and maintain active and fulfilling lives.
The Healthier Living program has continued to reap rewards for Gustafson. She continues to maintain a great relationship with the “buddy” she was

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.42915
Retrieved Text: Governments Should Tax Sin Products Higher In our country, the government has traditionally taxed some goods at a higher rate or at an additional rate. They do this to products called sin products, like cigarettes and alcohol. The government does this as a way to discourage the abuse or over use of these products.
Recently, governments have tried to raise taxes on other products like large, sugar-filled soft drinks and junk foods. There has been opposition to raise taxes on soft drinks and snack foods, but it is a good idea.
There is evidence that these taxes can reduce the number of people who purchase these items. Therefore, the added cost can help people be make better choices and be healthier. Sin taxes are something that governments have been doing for hundreds of years. They have existed since the 1600’s in England and started in the United States during colonial times. The government taxes products like alcohol and cigarettes to increase the price and decrease demand. The hope is that the increased cost will stop people from buying the products or cause them to buy less of the product.
Governments especially hope that it will stop kids from buying these products because they are too expensive. If prices are raised on junk foods and sodas, it would cause people to buy less of them. This would be especially true of kids because they have less money to waste. Kids have to rely on their allowances to make purchases and they would think twice before using it to buy expensive

================



======= Instance Index 498 =========
Input Text: A phase change is

Which is the correct answer?
- Growing a plant
- Building a car
- Water changing temperatures
- Jello's transformation

Target Text: Jello's transformation

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.316021
Retrieved Text: The global “Phase Change Memory market” presents a widespread and elementary study of Phase Change Memory business at the side of the analysis of subjective aspects which is able to give key business insights to the readers. world Phase Change Memory Market 2018 analysis report offers the analytical read of the business by learning various factors like Phase Change Memory market growth, consumption volume, market trends and Phase Change Memory business price structures throughout the forecast amount from 2018 to 2022.
Phase Change Memory market studies the competitive landscape read of the business. The Phase Change Memory report conjointly includes development plans and policies at the side of producing processes. the foremost regions concerned in Phase Change Memory Market square measure (United States, EU, China, and Japan).
The Phase Change Memory report will the thorough study of the key business players to grasp their business methods, annual revenue, company profile and their contribution to the world Phase Change Memory market share. numerous factors of the Phase Change Memory business just like the offer chain state of affairs, business standards, import/export details also are mentioned in world Phase Change Memory Market 2018 report.
 A Clear understanding of the Phase Change Memory market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
 Concise Phase Change Memory Market study supported major nation-states.
 Analysis of evolving market segments in addition as a whole study of existing Phase Change Memory market segments.
Furthermore, distinct aspects of Phase Change Memory market just like the technological development, economic factors, opportunities and threats to the expansion of Phase Change Memory

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.683182
Retrieved Text: We improved the indoor climate in the office of Heembouw in Roelofarendsveen by implementing Phase Change Materials in the walls. The office space is located on the 2nd floor in a part of the office space, which is constructed as a lightweight construction. As a result, the walls contain little mass. In recent years, the heat load in this space has increased enormously. That is why it was time for change. The number of temperature shift hours had become unacceptable, with temperatures exceeding 25 degrees Celsius almost 400 hours per year. With the use of Phase Change Materials this is reduced to an acceptable level.
Phase Change Materials are materials that change, from solid to liquid and so on. We use these materials to store and dissipate heat. In Phase Change materials, heat can be stored for later use. In case of a lot of sunshine, the room does not get a high temperature very quickly, because the Phase Change Materials absorbs the heat. In case of colder weather the Phase Change Materials release the heat again. The result is a "more even temperature" in the building. The application of Phase Change Materials therefore makes the temperature more even, without large air conditioning installation. A sustainable solution with low energy consumption because less cooling capacity is needed. The result is a drastic reduction in the number of exceedance hours.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.633634
Retrieved Text: The model was developed by B.J. Taute in 1983 and is very easy to understand and implement. It is a typical maintenance model and has eight phases in cycle fashion.
(i) Change requires phase: Maintenance team gets a request in a prescribed format from the client to make a change. This change may fall in any category of maintenance activities. We identify the type of requires (i.e., corrective, adaptive, preventive or preventive) and assign a unique identification number of request.
(ii) Estimate phase: This phase is devoted to estimate the time and effort required to make the change. It is difficult to make exact estimates. but our objective is to have at least reasonable estimate of time and efforts. Impact analysis on existing system is also required to minimize the ripple effect.
(iii) Schedule phase: We may like to identify change request for the next scheduled release and may also prepare the documents that are required for planning.
(iv) Programming phase: In this phase, source code is modified to implement the requested change. All relevant documents like design document, manuals, etc. are updated accordingly. Final output is the test version of the source code.
(v) Test phase: We would like to ensure that modification is correctly implemented. Hence, we test the code. We may use already available test cases and may also design new test cases. The term used for such testing is known as regression testing.
(vi) Documentation phase: After regression testing, system and user documents are prepared and updated before releasing the system. This helps us to maintain co-relation between

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.517393
Retrieved Text: IBM, Macronix and Quimonda develop a 'phase-change' that's faster than flash memory.
A team of scientists announced a breakthrough in computer memory technology on Dec. 11 that heralded more sophisticated and reliable MP3 players, digital cameras and other devices. Scientists from IBM, Macronix and Qimonda said they developed a material that made "phase-change" memory 500 to 1,000 times faster than the commonly used "flash" memory, while using half as much power.
"You can do a lot of things with this phase-change memory that you can't do with flash," IBM senior manager of nanoscale science Spike Narayan said. "You can replace disks, do instant-on computers, or carry your own fancy computer application in your hand. It would complement smaller technology if manufacturers wanted to conjure things up."
Technical details of the research are to be presented to engineers gathered at the 2006 International Electronic Devices Meeting in San Francisco.
Researchers expected the discovery to anoint phase-change memory the successor to flash memory as the electronics industry continues a relentless quest to make devices smaller and more powerful.
The new material was a complex semiconductor alloy that resulted from collaborative research at IBM's Almaden Research Center in the Silicon Valley city of San Jose, Calif. Qimonda memory technology firm is based in Germany and Macronix is a "non-volatile" memory company located in Taiwan.
Most computer memory devices are based on the presence or absence of electrical charge contained in a tiny region of a cell. The fastest and most economical memory designs -- SRAM and DRAM, respectively -- use inherently leaky memory cells, so

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.24372
Retrieved Text: Analysis A team of scientists from China have asserted that 3D XPoint is essentially phase-change memory, which manufacturers Intel and Micron have not publicly admitted.
Intel has stated that 3D XPoint technology is based on a bulk property change in the memory cell but isn't actually PCM and Micron told us in 2016 that "Unlike Phase Change Memory, 3D XPoint technology uses a unique cross point architecture, enabling it to scale in ways that Phase Change Memory has not been able to accomplish."
The scientists made their assessment in a research paper entitled "From Octahedral Structure Motif to Sub-Nanosecond Phase Transitions in Phase Change Materials for Data Storage", published in Science China Information Sciences.
Recently, this technology has been successfully used in commercial PCRAM-based 3D XPoint by Intel.
The successful commercialisation of 3D XPoint originates from the integration of Ovonic memory switching (OMS), Ovonic threshold switching (OTS) selector, confined structures, and large metal word and bit lines. The memory unit of 3D XPoint is the phase change memory (1R), based on the phase transition.
As the driving circuit, the OTS selector (1S) also utilises the chalcogenide alloy, which is perfectly compatible with the 1R.
Benefiting from the quite simple structure of OMS and OTS, both using metal/chalcogenide/metal structure, it is easy to achieve 3D integration, which in turn realises the mass storage of 3D XPoint.
We asked Chipzilla if the researchers were correct in their assertions. A spokesperson said: "Intel is not disclosing the materials used for 3D XPoint memory media, the underlying memory media used in Intel Optane SSDs and memory, or

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.186324
Retrieved Text: 3 phase generator to single phase conversion?
13/11/2012 · How to convert the wiring to run a three phase motor on single phase supply using capacitors and a delta motor wiring. Info from Electric Motors, workshop practice No 16, by Jim Cox.
21/08/2011 · You are more likely to be able to change voltage than to change a three phase machine to single phase. There are welders that work on both single phase and three phase, but these are generally the more modern inverter machines, not the older transformer machines.
three phase to single phase transformer, p/n 6411l The photo of a 3 PH to 1 PH transformer is shown below: The schematic of the transformer and the test set up are shown below.
2/12/2010 · 3-phase is 3 phases. IF you need single phase, just use 1 wire. Meter to ground to see if you get 120v as you have to check because you may have a 600v supply.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.177701
Retrieved Text: , selects the very best series with greatest image resolution exclusively for you, and this photos is actually one among photos choices within our finest photographs gallery concerning Phase Diagram Worksheet 2. Lets hope you’ll think it’s great.
posted simply by Nindiya in 2018-11-13 13:07:18. To see almost all images inside Phase Diagram Worksheet 2 pictures gallery make sure you follow this specific url.
Phase Diagram Worksheet 2 Lovely Phase Change Worksheet Uploaded by Nindiya on Tuesday, November 13th, 2018 in category Cat 5 Wiring Diagram.
See also Phase Diagram Worksheet 2 Beautiful Phase Diagram Worksheet from Cat 5 Wiring Diagram Topic.
Here we have another image Phase Diagram Worksheet 2 Unique Phase Diagrams featured under Phase Diagram Worksheet 2 Lovely Phase Change Worksheet. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to download the pictures in high quality, simply right click the image and choose "Save As". Thanks for reading Phase Diagram Worksheet 2 Lovely Phase Change Worksheet.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.130069
Retrieved Text: New York City, NY -- (SBWIRE) -- 07/10/2017 -- Materials that can store latent heat (energy released or absorbed by a material or a thermodynamic system at constant-temperature process) during the phase transition are called phase change materials (PCMs). PCMs latent heat transition can be achieved with solid-solid, solid-liquid, solid-gas, and liquid-gas phase change. However, only solid-liquid phase change is used in advanced PCMs at commercial level, since other methods required large volume and high pressure.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.122817
Retrieved Text: An electrical temperature sensor (10) comprises a liquid crystalline material (12). First and second electrically conductive contacts (14), (16), having a spaced relationship therebetween, contact the liquid crystalline material (12). An electric property measuring device is electrically connected to the first and second contacts (14), (16) and is arranged to measure an electric property of the liquid crystalline material (12). The liquid crystalline material (12) has a transition temperature T at which it undergoes a phase change between polar and non-polar phases. The phase change between polar and non-polar phases causes a change in said electric property of the liquid crystalline material (12).
Kaur, S. et al: “Behaviour of Goldstone and Soft Mode at Tc in Ferroelectric Liquid Crystals”, Physica B, vol. 344, 2004, pp. 133-139.
Furukawa, T. et al: “Nonlinear dielectric investigation of ferroelectric liquid crystals”, Electrets, 1991 (ISE 7), Proceedings, 7th International Symposium on IEEE (Cat. No. 91CH3129-6), Berlin, Germany, Sep. 25, 1991, pp. 421-426.
Marcos, C. et al: “Tunable feedback resonator based on a nematic liquid crystal cell as variable capacitance” SPIE, PO Box 10, Bellingham, WA, 2007.
Johri, G.K. et al: “On the study of dielectric properties on liquid crystals” Dielectric Liquids, 1999 (ICDL '99), Proceedings of the 1999 IEEE 13th International Conference on Nara, Japan Jul. 20-25, 1999, Piscataway, NJ, pp. 669-674.
1. A method of temperature sensing using a temperature sensor device, said device comprising a plurality of temperature sensor cells, each temperature sensor cell comprising an electrical temperature sensor, said electrical temperature sensor comprising: a liquid crystalline material capable of existing in a crystal

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.063963
Retrieved Text: Scientists at IBM Research in Zurich have developed artificial neurons that emulate how neurons spike (fire). The goal is to create energy-efficient, high-speed, ultra-dense integrated neuromorphic (brain-like) technologies for applications in cognitive computing, such as unsupervised learning for detecting and analyzing patterns.
The results of this research appeared today (Aug. 3) as a cover story in the journal Nature Nanotechnology.
IBM’s new neuron-like spiking mechanism is based on a recent IBM breakthrough in phase-change materials. Phase-change materials are used for storing and processing digital data in re-writable Blu-ray discs, for example. The new phase-change materials developed by IBM recently are used instead for storing and processing analog data — like the synapses and neurons in our biological brains.
The new phase-change materials also overcome problems in conventional computing, where there’s a separate memory and logic unit, slowing down computation. These functions are combined in the new artificial neurons, just as they are in a biological neuron.
In addition, previous attempts to build artificial neurons are built using CMOS-based circuits, the standard transistor technology we have in our computers. The new phase-change technology can reproduce similar functionality at reduced power consumption. The artificial neurons are also superior in functioning at nanometer-length-scale dimensions and feature native stochasticity (based on random variables, simulating neurons).
“The relatively complex computational tasks, such as Bayesian inference, that stochastic neuronal populations can perform with collocated processing and storage render them attractive as a possible alternative to von-Neumann-based algorithms in future cognitive computers,” the IBM scientists state in the paper.
IBM scientists have organized hundreds of these artificial neurons into

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.056487
Retrieved Text: MidLife is about Personal Growth and becoming the person one was meant to be. Some of the changes that occur can, at first, seem quite frightening. To lose one's identity seems like a tragedy, until you realize it is just part of the process towards, a new, improved, mature individual.
PHASE ONE - In the 1st phase, which Life Transition Researchers, call the pre-liminal phase, you begin to experience uncomfortable emotions, as your life circumstances change. You may feel misunderstood, confused, and frustrated. You become more forgetful and possibly feel like your going crazy. Many of your life experiences at this time, change the foundations that your life has been built on, causing you to feel unstable. You may have experienced health issues and/or problems with aging. Your children may have become independent, and/or your parents may need help, or they may have passed. Negative emotions associated with these changes may be causing you distress, and you may even experience feelings of anxiety and depression. It is very clear to you that a change needs to happen.
PHASE TWO - Liminality is the 2nd phase, it is an in-between place, where you clearly feel you are not the person you were. So who are you? The answer to this question remains to be discovered.
Mourning your younger self and the changes you are experiencing is the hallmark of this phase and is required for a successful transition. Contacting a therapist in your area to work through this difficult time, may help you discover a new direction that will benefit

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.038215
Retrieved Text: Therma-Phase+Harmonise 1600 - Therma~Phase+ is a pressure relieving high density material, containing unique phase-change crystals and copper particles. The phase-change crystals work by constantly absorbing and releasing body heat to maintain the ideal sleep surface temperature. The copper infusion works as a super-fast conductor, quickly moving heat to and from the mattress surface as required.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.004866
Retrieved Text: Electron. J. Diff. Eqns., Vol. 2007(2007), No. 28, pp. 1-12.
We consider a phase-field model for a phase change process with phase-dependent heat absorption. This model describes the behaviour of films exposed to radiative heating, where the film can change reversibly between amorphous and crystalline states. Existence and uniqueness of solutions as well as stability are established. Moreover, a maximum principle is proved for the phase-field equation.
Submitted November 16, 2006. Published February 12, 2007.
Math Subject Classifications: 35K55, 80A22, 82B26, 35B65.
Key Words: Phase transitions; parabolic system; phase-field models.
Show me the PDF file (240K), TEX file, and other files for this article.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.953275
Retrieved Text: "An acoustical device comprising: a headphone having a cushion comprising: an outer layer configured to contact a headphone user; two or more phase change materials with an ability to change from solid phase to liquid phase or from one solid phase to a different solid phase at a predetermined phase-change temperature, wherein each phase change material has a different predetermined phase-change temperature; and padding; wherein the phase change materials are between the outer layer and the padding."
The morning alarm sounds. You wake up, hop in the shower, turn on the tap and … wait. The water might be ice cold for 10 seconds or more, as hot water makes its way from the heater. A Portuguese startup has developed a line of PCM-based products designed to eliminate the wait – and the waste.
Heaboo’s Hoterway shower fixture incorporates a thermal battery that heats the water instantaneously until hot water arrives from the heater. The PCM then recharges as heated water passes through the battery. A thermal mixing faucet automatically keeps the incoming water at a constant temperature.
Heaboo, which delivered its first units to Kickstarter backers last year, also offers standalone thermal batteries designed to supply hot water to sinks, tubs and other fixtures.
Q: What kind of PCM is used in the products?
Q: What is the PCM's peak melting point?
Q: How much PCM is used in each Hoterway?
Q: Who is your PCM supplier?
Q: What material is used to contain the PCM?
A: “We use a PVC extruded pipe with some particular design."
Q: In addition to Kickstarter, where you raised

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.918884
Retrieved Text: Abstract: In this investigation an electric field was applied to a phase change thermal storage system while it was discharging energy. The phase change material used was octadecane. Octadecane is a high purity dielectric material that has a melting temperature close to room temperature. The material was forced to solidify using a heat exchanger mount below the phase change material, cold water flowed through the heat exchanger to ensure it maintained a constant temperature below the melting temperature of the phase change material. By applying -8kV to 9 electrodes – positioned in the phase change material – and by using the heat exchanger as an electrical ground – an electric field was generated in the phase change material. The electric field caused unbalanced body forces in the fluid which generated electro-convection in the fluid. The system was designed such that electro-convection is the only source of convection in the system to isolate the effects of electro-convection, allowing for the underlying physics of electro-convection to be studied easier. To understand the effects of applying electro-convection, a case where there is no applied voltage on the electrodes was compared to a case where there was -8 kV applied to the electrodes. Experiments showed that the effect of applying electro-convection depends on the initial temperature; however, it was found that the improvement after two hours was less than 10%. For a wall temperature of 8.5℃ and an initial temperature of 50℃ - the melting temperate of octadecane is 28℃- then the maximum enhancement of the energy extracted is 50%,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.908965
Retrieved Text: This product is made of phase change material, and may not feel comfortable at the beginning of use, please READ BELOW SPECS CAREFULLY before purchase.
Phase Changing Material provide better cooling effect but may feel like sand at the beginning.
All similar products DO NOT PRODUCE "Coolness"; they simply absorb your body heat and make you feel cooler.
This versatile cooling mattress is filled with phase change material for hours of comfort, ideal for a good night sleep in the summer.Unlike some other cooling pad, which uses water as the absorbing media this product used phase change material to sustain a longer time cooling effect. Once the pad stops absorbing heat, lay it flat or place it in a cool environment to quickly restore it to a cooling state. Pad is non-toxic, portable and easy to clean.
How Does Phase Change Material Work?
This material is comprised of microcapsules filled with a non-toxic heat storage medium. As your body heat increases the temperature of the pad, the inner medium changes from a solid crystal to a liquid, absorbing your body heat during the transformation.And this process is reversible when temperature goes down. This phase change happens when temperature is around 22-30 degrees.
Highly suggested to cover this pad with a sheet to feel better at the beginning of the use because its material inside is in the status of crystal.
In crystal form, the material inside the pad is similar to the consistency of salt. The pad is flexible and can be folded, and wrapped around.
This pad has a vinyl cover that can

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.898224
Retrieved Text: • The Phase Change Matters blog is a finalist in the 2018 PR News Platinum and Agency Elite Awards. Other finalists in the blog category include Shopfloor (National Association of Manufacturers), The Blonde Abroad (R&R Partners) and Transform (Microsoft Inc.). Winners will be announced at a luncheon in New York City on Sept. 21.
• Phase Change Material Products Ltd. and Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems ISE will be among the exhibitors at Chillventa 2018. The trade show for refrigeration, air conditioning, ventilation and heat pumps will be held Oct. 16-18 in Nuremberg, Germany.
• Flir Systems has released the One Pro LT thermal image camera for the iPhone. The new model has many of the core features of the popular One Pro model but at a lower price: $299.
• The program for the 13th Conference on Advanced Building Skins has been posted. The event will be held Oct. 1-2 in Bern, Switzerland. Last year's conference included at least 10 presentations on phase change material. "Phase change" appears just twice in this year's program. A presentation by Jose Manuel Montes Donaire of AKT II Envelopes, London, "Thermal tuning of envelopes and its use as a parametric design tool," will address the topic of energy buffering with phase change materials. A presentation by Annie Shaw of Manchester School of Art on the architectural potential of knitted textiles will explore "three-dimensional seamlessness and stretch, phase-change form-finding and form-fixing."
• Pillow talk: Phase change material is no longer enough. Manufacturers like Tulo and Blu Sleep are turning to titanium particles and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.89187
Retrieved Text: Can this transform change the base types of a type?
Can this transform change the parents of a class?
Check what the phase achieves, to be called at any point after it is finished.
The sequence position of this phase in the given context where 0 is reserved for NoPhase and the first real phase is at position 1. -1 if the phase is not installed in the context.
Is this phase the standard typerphase? True for FrontEnd, but not for other first phases (such as FromTasty). The predicate is tested in some places that perform checks and corrections. It's different from isAfterTyper (and cheaper to test).
If set, allow missing or superfluous arguments in applications and type applications.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.880205
Retrieved Text: The Think Namibia Environmental Awareness Campaign is national campaign that was launched in 2015 and serves youth, educators, media, decision-makers and entrepreneurs both in urban and rural areas with information and educational content related to environmental awareness and climate change, renewable energy, water conservation, climate-smart agriculture and sustainable development.
Phase 1 of the Think Namibia Campaign was launch under the Environmental Awareness and Climate Change Project. The first Phase of the Campaign had a broad focus on variety of environmental awareness and climate change topics which among others included climate change, renewable energy, water conservation, climate-smart agriculture and sustainable development. Phase 2 of the Campaign was launched on 8 November 2017 under the Promoting Renewable Energies in Namibia (PREN) Project. As part of the launch of the second phase of the campaign, the name of the Campaign was changed to TH!NK NAMIBIA and a new campaign logo was unveiled. Phase 2 of the TH!NK NAMIBIA Campaign will build on the firm foundation laid during Phase 1, however it will have a focus on renewable energies and energy and resource efficiency. Moreover, the second phase of the campaign also has a component of outreach to rural communities.
Digital media has made exchange of information easy, hence the TH!NK NAMIBIA Campaign has seized this opportunity. Therefore, the Campaign has an active presence on key digital media platforms. Moreover, innovative outreach initiatives have been crafted to enable effective outreach to the rural masses and thereby ensure that “No Namibian feels left out” as per the call of the President of Namibia

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.862423
Retrieved Text: It is not just the presence of multiple research methods, but rather the interplay between research methods employed that makes this research initiative so innovative. The primary and secondary research methods and varying analytical approaches influence each other throughout.
PHASE 1: We began with secondary research, conducting a large-scale analysis of published research, both qualitative and quantitative. These included macro-economic reports, socio-demographic data, industry specific reports, as well as lifestyle reports and attitudinal studies. We conducted a thematic review to identify emerging themes from this phase.
PHASE 2: We augmented phase one with a review of public discourse around social issues, as well as stories that were gaining traction in the media. As part of this, we conducted an online social listening exercise. This phase contributed to the development of a few theories on what was the defining character of the cultural change in Ireland.
PHASE 3: Phase three introduced primary research into the methodology. We regularly facilitate focus groups, vox pops and depth interviews to explore emerging themes.
The result of this innovative process is a story about cultural change in Ireland. It describes the character of the mind and mood of Ireland, and explores the seven consumer trends.
This research is ongoing. We are working with different partners to continue this story of cultural change and build upon it.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.862074
Retrieved Text: Microencapsulated phase change materials (MicroPCMs) are very small bi-component particles consisting of a core material – the PCM - and an outer shell or capsule wall. PCMs are low melting materials with melt points in the range of -30°C to 55°C, that can absorb and release large amounts of heat. The capsule wall is an inert, stable polymer or plastic.
Microencapsulation may be defined as the process of surrounding or enveloping one substance within another substance on a very small scale, yielding capsules ranging from less than one micron to several hundred microns in size. Microcapsules may be spherically shaped, with a continuous wall surrounding the core, while others are asymmetrically and variably shaped, with a quantity of smaller droplets of core material embedded throughout the microcapsule.
There are almost limitless applications for microencapsulated materials.One application increasingly utilized is the incorporation of microencapsulated phase change materials (PCMs). Phase change materials absorb and release heat in response to changes in environmental temperatures. When temperatures rise, the phase change material melts, absorbing excess heat, and feels cool. Conversely, as temperatures fall, the PCM releases heat as it solidifies, and feels warm. This property of microencapsulated phase change materials can be harnessed to increase the comfort level for users of sports equipment, military gear, bedding, clothing, building materials, and many other consumer products.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.858619
Retrieved Text: The effect of titania doping on tetragonal to monoclinic (t-m) phase transformation of zirconia bioceramics is evaluated by ageing in hot water at 413 K. The examined materials are 3 mol%Y2O3 stabilized tetragonal zirconia polycrystal (3Y-TZP) and 1.5, 3.0 and 7.7 mol%TiO2-doped 3Y-TZP. The t-m phase transformation of 3Y-TZP is accelerated by titania doping in all the specimen examined. However, 7.7 mol%TiO2-doped TZP shows better phase stability than 1.5 or 3.0 mol%TiO2-doped one. This change in phase stability of 7.7 mol%TiO2-doped TZP cannot be simply explained from the difference of grain size or the change in the axial ratio, c⁄a. XRD analysis reveals that the distance between nearest neighbor anion and cation site significantly decreases only in 7.7 mol%TiO2-doped TZP. This result indicates that the binding energy between dopant and oxygen vacancy affects the phase stability as well as the change in the axial ratio, c⁄a.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.854557
Retrieved Text: Yatish Shivaprasad, Department Head – MITS, Societe Generale GSC pens his thoughts on how Global In-house Centres can add value with a client-centric approach and an openness to change.
Organizations are in three different stages of maturity – growth phase, steady phase and reflection phase mostly due to a high degree of maturity.
For a growing organization the focus is mostly on the setup and strategy. Expansion of teams, projects, transitions and other allied areas are also a focus.
An organization in reflection phase is typically engrossed in renewed strategy making process – to reinvent itself in a matured market with new offerings or to avert threats from other players in the market.
Organizations in steady phase have elements from both the other phases. For Global In-House Centres (GICs) typically a time horizon of 2 to 5 years is invested in the growth phase, beyond which there is a natural expectation that the GICs deliver more value to the Group.
While there are several processes that can help GICs improve their offerings, true value creation comes from the culture and mindset of the organisation. Embracing new techniques, being open to new ideas and embracing change management form an integral part in bringing value to clients and adapting to change.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.851786
Retrieved Text: Any matter that exists around us could be in either of the four phases – solid, liquid, gas and plasma. We can see that matters can change from a present state to another with the change in external condition such as temperature or pressure without changing the identity of the matter. This process is called phase transition or physical change in state of the matter.
One of the different types of phase transition is sublimation. Sublimation can be defined as the transition of a matter directly from the solid state to the gaseous state without initially changing to the liquid state. It is an endothermic (absorption of heat) process that occurs when both the temperature and pressure is below the triple point of the matter under phase transition in its phase diagram.
The phenomenon of sublimation can be seen more readily in the regions with dry gusts of wind and relatively low humidity at higher altitude, where the atmospheric pressure decreases with increase in altitude helping in the transition of mountain ice/snow directly into vapour. The reverse of sublimation is called deposition, a phase transition, where gases transit directly to the solid phase.
Naphthalene, iodine, dry ice, ammonium chloride and camphor are some of the compounds that show the phenomenon of sublimation.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.832404
Retrieved Text: Where: V L is the line to line voltage, and V P is the phase to neutral voltage. A transformer can not act as a phase changing device and change single phase into three phase or three phase into single phase. To make the transformer connections compatible with three phase supplies we need to connect them together in a particular way to form a Three Phase Transformer Configuration.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.821126
Retrieved Text: Multilayer MoS2 is exfoliated by Li treatment. A thin film of Li-treated MoS2 contains a large portion of 1T phases. This is attributed to the atomic structural change caused by Li insertion, which is investigated using X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). In a phase recovery via thermal annealing at 523 K in air, we observe another phase, referred to as the relaxed 1T phase, with a slightly larger binding energy than the 1T phase. After annealing at 523 K in air, the peak intensity of the relaxed 1T phase is reduced, accompanying a strong MoOx peak and weak S 2s peak, according to XPS. This indicates that the annealing of Li-treated MoS2 in air yields sulfur vacancies that induce the oxidation of Mo. However, after annealing at 523 K in vacuum, no MoOx is observed, and the considerable peak intensity of the relaxed 1T phase remains, which starkly contrasts Raman-spectroscopy results supporting a full recovery from the 1T phase to the 2H phase. The absence of a gating effect of the Li-treated MoS2 device supports the possibility of an incomplete phase change of Li-treated MoS2 annealed in a vacuum. © 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.820523
Retrieved Text: Phase change materials (PCMs) are energy storage materials which can be used for maintaining a controlled thermal environment for various applications in earth and space. PCMs are used in advanced technologies in aerospace cooling applications like heat exchangers and heat pipes for re-entry vehicles and spacecraft. Paraffin is a phase change material (PCM) commonly used for energy storage-related applications. Paraffin wax exhibits slow thermal response due to low thermal conductivity value (~0.2 W/m K for most paraffin waxes). In the present work, an attempt is made to fabricate a composite PCM using graphite powder. Such a composite material has enhanced thermal conductivity along with reduced melting period which are desirable properties of a PCM during solid to liquid phase change process. The reduction in melting period is indicated by the difference in change in temperature measured by the thermocouples during a specified time. The temperature variation and solid-liquid interface formation during the melting process are experimentally studied. The results showed that composite graphite powder with paraffin can improve the total phase transition time.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.787175
Retrieved Text: How can I communicate with my employees more effectively about changes happening within our organization?
We all know someone who is currently experiencing a change – whether in their personal or professional life. Some of the changes are minor, some major, some positive and some negative. Regardless of their type, they share one thing in common: they often cause uncertainty, discomfort, evoke fears and unanswered questions, and force us to do things differently.
How can we focus on helping people cope with change? There are four main phases in which people respond to change: betrayal, denial, confusion and uncertainty, and eventually, search for solutions. Although some people may go through each phase in order, some visit a phase more than once, and some jump around. We want to preface, however, that usually people do go through each phase at some point, and their pace can be very different. Each phase has its own purpose, and although we can’t control an individual’s time in each phase, we can control how we help them through by our own communication style.
For each phase, people want and need different information. So, what might your employees, peers, friends, etc. be experiencing and how you can best communicate with them as they experience the phases of change?
This is where the feelings of shock, numbness and disbelief occur. People feel personally betrayed by the decision, decision makers or proposed change. Often from here, they move soon into denial.
This is where most of us wait to see if it will “just go away.” It’s very simple:

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.760355
Retrieved Text: The extreme electro-optical contrast between crystalline and amorphous states in phase-change materials is routinely exploited in optical data storage1 and future applications include universal memories2, flexible displays3, reconfigurable optical circuits4,5, and logic devices6. Optical contrast is believed to arise owing to a change in crystallinity. Here we show that the connection between optical properties and structure can be broken. Using a combination of single-shot femtosecond electron diffraction and optical spectroscopy, we simultaneously follow the lattice dynamics and dielectric function in the phase-change material Ge2Sb2Te5 during an irreversible state transformation. The dielectric function changes by 30% within 100 fs owing to a rapid depletion of electrons from resonantly bonded states. This occurs without perturbing the crystallinity of the lattice, which heats with a 2-ps time constant. The optical changes are an order of magnitude larger than those achievable with silicon and present new routes to manipulate light on an ultrafast timescale without structural changes.
Wuttig, M. & Yamada, N. Phase-change materials for rewriteable data storage . Nature Mater. 6, 824–832 (2007).
Wuttig, M. Phase-change materials: Towards a universal memory? Nature Mater. 4, 265–266 (2005).
Hosseini, P., Wright, C. D. & Bhaskaran, H. An optoelectronic framework enabled by low-dimensional phase-change films . Nature 511, 206–211 (2014).
Rudè, M. et al. Optical switching at 1.55 μm in silicon racetrack resonators using phase change materials . Appl. Phys. Lett. 103, 141119 (2013).
Rios, C., Hosseini, P., Wright, C. D., Bhaskaran, H. & Pernice, W. H. P. On-chip photonic memory elements employing phase-change materials . Adv. Mater. 26, 1372–1377 (2014).
Loke, D. et al. Ultrafast phase-change logic

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.721297
Retrieved Text: Phase-change cooling vest, one size fits most. Inserts are included.
Phase-change cooling vest inserts. For Lakeland Phase-change cooling vests.

================



======= Instance Index 321 =========
Input Text: Which of the following is true?

Which is the correct answer?
- Ice will turn to water vapor when it stays under its boiling point
- Liquid water will turn to ice below its freezing point
- Ice will turn to liquid water below its freezing point
- Liquid water will turn to water vapor when the temperature is more than its boiling point

Target Text: Liquid water will turn to water vapor when the temperature is more than its boiling point

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.429589
Retrieved Text: admin November 23, 2018 November 23, 2018 Comments Off on Which of the following statements is true of cooperative advertising?
1 Why do you need which of the following statements is true of cooperative advertising??
2 How does which of the following statements is true of cooperative advertising? affect us?
which of the following statements is true of cooperative advertising? is a tool to increase sales. Is it really?
Why do you need which of the following statements is true of cooperative advertising??
The main purpose of advertising is to attract new customers, return old ones or strengthen ties with current ones. There is also social advertising, political advertising and image advertising. which of the following statements is true of cooperative advertising? can pursue all these goals.
How does which of the following statements is true of cooperative advertising? affect us?
Be prepared for this when you meet with which of the following statements is true of cooperative advertising?.
Which of the following statements about expenditures on advertising is true? Which of the following statements is true of the use of creativity in an advertising campaign? Which of the following statements is true of the factors that affect an advertising budget? Which of the following statements about comparative advertising is true? Which of the following statements about radio as an advertising medium is true? Which of the following statements about advertising media is true? Which of the following statements about magazines as an advertising medium is true? Which of the following statements about deceptive advertising is true? Which of the following statements about advertising

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.298505
Retrieved Text: Which of the following is true when it comes to groundwater management in california?
1 Planning – the first stage of which of the following is true when it comes to groundwater management in california?.
2 Organization – the second stage of which of the following is true when it comes to groundwater management in california?.
3 Motivation – the third stage of the which of the following is true when it comes to groundwater management in california?.
4 Control – the fourth stage of which of the following is true when it comes to groundwater management in california?.
Management, like the which of the following is true when it comes to groundwater management in california?, always includes several stages. To get the result, you need to go through these stages.
Planning – the first stage of which of the following is true when it comes to groundwater management in california?.
Organization – the second stage of which of the following is true when it comes to groundwater management in california?.
Motivation – the third stage of the which of the following is true when it comes to groundwater management in california?.
Control – the fourth stage of which of the following is true when it comes to groundwater management in california?.
Know that management is a whole science. You have received basic knowledge of which of the following is true when it comes to groundwater management in california?. Now, if you do not feel yourself strong, you just need to turn to professionals.
All of the following statements are correct about management by exception except it

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.252072
Retrieved Text: Which of the following statements about expenditures on advertising is true?
admin October 24, 2018 October 24, 2018 Comments Off on Which of the following statements about expenditures on advertising is true?
1 Why do you need which of the following statements about expenditures on advertising is true??
2 How does which of the following statements about expenditures on advertising is true? affect us?
which of the following statements about expenditures on advertising is true? is a tool to increase sales. Is it really?
Why do you need which of the following statements about expenditures on advertising is true??
The main purpose of advertising is to attract new customers, return old ones or strengthen ties with current ones. There is also social advertising, political advertising and image advertising. which of the following statements about expenditures on advertising is true? can pursue all these goals.
How does which of the following statements about expenditures on advertising is true? affect us?
Be prepared for this when you meet with which of the following statements about expenditures on advertising is true?.
Which of the following is a reason why retailers tend to use magazines for image advertising Which of the following statements about magazines as an advertising medium is true? Which of the following statements about deceptive advertising is true? Which of the following statements about advertising is true? Which of the following is true about the impact of advertising on the society and the economy? Which of the following statements about global advertising is most correct? Which of the following is not true about search engine advertising?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.991303
Retrieved Text: Which of the following is/are true about Microsoft Windows 2000 Professional?
Which of the following is/are correct?
Which of the following is true? Windows 2000 Server can be used as ______________.
The Active Directory __________________ .
Which of the following is/are NEW feature(s) included in Windows 2000?
Which of the following is/are true of the Windows 2000 Workgroup model?
Which of the following is/are true for the Windows 2000 Domain model?
Which type of operating system is Windows 2000?
Which of the following is/are true about integral subsystems in Windows 2000?
Which of the following is/are true about directory and directory service?
Which of the following is/are function(s) of the directory service?
Active directory is a directory service _____________________.
Which of the following does the Active Directory offer?
Which of the following is/are true of Active Directory’s Open Standards Support?
Where is Active Directory located within Windows 2000?
Active Directory functionality can be illustrated as a __________________.
The key service components of Active Directory are __________________________.
Validation of user id and password (access permissions) in Windows 2000 is performed by _______________.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.483537
Retrieved Text: Hedgehogs are nocturnal and hibernate during the winter.
This KS3 Science quiz is about adaptation of animals and plants which is about how well suited they are to where they live and to how they live. If they are poorly adapted, they will find it diffucult or impossible to survive. A plant with short roots would not be well adapted to life in a desert where the water is found a long way below the surface. Animals that hunt at night often have more sensitive eyes than those that hunt during the day. Both of these are examples of adaptations.
Adaptation is about change too. It's a matter of survival and if the environment or habitat changes, then the plants and animals need to change too. Over millions of years, animals and plants have adapted to their habitat. we call that evolution. Several people have come up with the idea of evolution but it is Charles Darwin who is the most famous. Until Darwin, no-one had really any idea about how evolution occurred. He came up with the idea of the survival of the fittest. In other words, plants and animals that were better adapted to their environment and way of life would survive and breed. The others would die out.
Penguins are adapted to live in the antarctic. Which of the following is NOT true?
An oak tree is adapted to grow in a wood. Which of the following is NOT true?
Giraffes are adapted to live on the African savanna. Which of the following is NOT true?
Hedgehogs are nocturnal

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.457977
Retrieved Text: Q11. In which of the following expressions will the expression ‘H < J’ be definitely true?
Q12. Which of the following expressions will be true if the expression ‘K ≥ L > M ≥ N’ is definitely true?
Q13. Which of the following expressions will be true if the expression ‘M ≥ K < T = Q’ is definitely true?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.337451
Retrieved Text: Consider the following statements. $$(z \vee \neg x \vee \neg y)\land(z \vee \left(x \wedge y\right))\land(\neg y \wedge \left(z \vee \neg x\right))\land(x \vee \neg y \vee \neg z)\land(x \vee \left(y \wedge z\right))$$ For which one of the following truth assignments is the statement above true?
Consider the following statements. $$(x \vee \neg y \vee \neg z)\land(z \wedge \left(x \vee y\right))\land(y \wedge \left(x \vee z\right))\land(z \vee \left(y \wedge \neg x\right))$$ For which one of the following truth assignments is the statement above true?
Consider the following statements. $$(y \wedge \left(z \vee \neg x\right))\land(y \wedge \neg x \wedge \neg z)\land(\neg x \wedge \left(y \vee z\right))$$ For which one of the following truth assignments is the statement above true?
Consider the following statements. $$(\left(\neg y \wedge \neg z\right) \vee \neg x)\land(z \wedge \left(\neg x \vee \neg y\right))\land(\neg x \vee \neg y \vee \neg z)\land(\left(x \wedge z\right) \vee \neg y)$$ For which one of the following truth assignments is the statement above true?
Consider the following statements. $$(x \vee \left(\neg y \wedge \neg z\right))\land(x \vee y \vee \neg z)\land(x \wedge \neg y \wedge \neg z)$$ For which one of the following truth assignments is the statement above true?
Consider the following statements. $$(y \vee \neg x \vee \neg z)\land(y \vee z \vee \neg x)\land(\left(x \wedge z\right) \vee \neg y)\land(y \wedge \left(x \vee z\right))$$ For which one of the following truth assignments is the statement above true?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.2325945
Retrieved Text: 1. Which of the following inhalers is licensed for use in COPD?
2. TRUE or FALSE, Atrovent MDI is a long acting muscarinic antagonist?
3. Select the inhalers below that require 'fast and deep' inhalation.
4. Which of the following inhalers contain a long-acting beta agonist?
5. Which of the following inhalers contain particles that are 'extra-fine'?
6. Which of the following inhalers are routinely prescribed to treat COPD outwith their product license?
7. Which of the following inhalers require 'slow and steady' inhalation?
8. TRUE or FALSE, Atimos modulite is licensed in both asthma and COPD?
9. Which of the following inhalers are a combination of more than one drug?
10. TRUE or FALSE, Seretide Evohaler 250 is licensed in COPD?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.1480875
Retrieved Text: 2.What are the characteristics of Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation ?
3.Which of the following attributes denote great strengths of a teacher ?
4.Which one of the following statements is correct in the context of multiple - choice type questions ?
They are more objective than true-false type questions.
They are less objective than essay type questions.
They are more subjective than short-answer type questions.
They are more subjective than true-false type questions.
7.Which of the following statements is not true in the context of participatory research ?
It recognizes knowledge as power.
It emphasises on people as experts.
It is a collective process of enquiry.
Its sole purpose is production of knowledge.
8.Which of the following statements is true in the context of the testing of a hypothesis ?
It is only the alternative hypothesis, that can be tested.
It is only the null hypothesis, that can be tested.
Both, the alternative and the null hypotheses can be tested.
Both, the alternative and the null hypotheses cannot be tested.
9.Which of the following are the basic rules of APA style of referencing format ?
10.Which of the following are the characteristics of a seminar ?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.114964
Retrieved Text: List of important sociology questions and answers. This will help you to learn about the most important sociology questions and answers which is more likely to be asked in UPSC, UGC-NET, IAS, Civil Services, eligibility tests and other competitive examinations!
5. Who has explained Sociology as the science with the most methods and the finest results?
7. Who has made distinction between function and dysfunction?
8. Which among the following statements is not correct?
(a) In past communities used to be self-sufficient, politically, socially or economically.
(d) The term community denotes almost uniformly and permanently shared lives of people over a definite range.
9. Which among the following is not true regarding association?
(b) These people must be organised.
14. How many tertiary kins are there?
(d) One hundred fourty fours.
16. No_______ relation lives in the Tharawad.
17. There are two types of marriage among Muslims. Identify them.
18. Who among the following has not said anything of kinship?
20. Despite interdependence between rural and urban, there are certain distinctive features which separate them from each other. Among the following which are these?
21. Rural people live in settled villages. How many types of settlement patterns have been observed in rural areas mainly?
26. Who among the following had provided a classification of tribal movements in North- East India?
27. Which of these are classification of tribal movements in North-East India provided by S.M. Dubey?
28. The hunting and gathering society is usually relatively small. Where do they move to?
31. Fertility is less than______ in all societies.
32. Who made a distinction between extended and polygamous families?
33. Who wrote ‘An Essay on the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.039659
Retrieved Text: Which of the following is a .net obfuscation solution?
What will be the output of the code snippet?
If you want to transform data into rich visuals, witch Azure IoT Suite service will you use?
Which of the following Apps type does not run on Windows 10 IoT Core?
Which of the following is not true about .Net structure?
Which of the following is true about Windows 10 IoT?
Which of the following does the actual .Net code execute?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.998033
Retrieved Text: 📌 Which of the following is not a primary prevention strategy ?
📌 Which of the following is not a work of Female multipurpose health worker ?
📌 Which of the following is a live attenuated bacterial vaccine ?
📌 Not true about breast milk is ?
📌 Which of the following statements about 'Simple Random sampling' is true.
📌 Neoplastic is classified under which chapter of ICD ?
📌 Cyclo developmental life cycle is seen in?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.941855
Retrieved Text: Read the following information and answer the questions based on it.
If A + B ✕ C, then which of the following is true?
If A + B - C, then which of the following is true?
If A ✕ B + C, then which of the following is true?
In a certain code language 687 means 'all the best'; 579 means 'best of luck'; 853 means 'all luck good'; Which of the following is the code for 'the'?
In a certain language HEARTBEAT is written as HETAAERBT. Then, how is ABSENCE written in that language?
Answer the questions based on the information given below.
Six friends namely Anu, Gauri, Mehar, Sushma, Tanu and Vimala, each one likes a different clothing brand like Aaika, Biba, Belle, Calaso, Libas Vero Moda. They also have a different taste for ice cream flavours like, Black forest, Butterscotch, Chocolate, Mango, Pineapple and Strawberry.
Anu likes Pineapple but doesn't like either Biba or Aaika. Sushma likes Belle, but doesn't like Butterscotch. Mehar likes Vero Moda, but doesn't like Mango or Strawberry. Gauri likes Chocolate, but doesn't like Libas or Aaika. The person who likes Calaso likes Mango. Tanu likes Black Forest.
Which ice dream flavour does Sushma likes?
What is the correct combination for Gauri?
Which brand does Vimala likes?
Which of the following statements cannot be true?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.921103
Retrieved Text: 1. Which of the following statements is/are true regarding the Global Alliance for National Human Rights Institutions (GANHRI)?
It is affiliated to the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights.
National Human Rights Commission got its accreditation from GANHRI last year.
3. Which of the following is/are programmes under the National Mission on Enhanced Energy Efficiency?
Which of the following statements is/are true regarding Outer Space Treaty?
It aims to ensure and free and fair use of the outer space.
It is under ratification by countries and will become an international treaty by 2022.
5. Which of the following statements is/are true regarding the Irrawaddy Dolphins?
It is endemic to the Irrawaddy River of Myanmar.
It is a critically endangered species under IUCN Classification.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.826793
Retrieved Text: 1.Which flame is suitable for welding of ferrous metals, Cu and Al alloys?
2.Which flame is suitable for cutting operations?
3. Which flame is suitable for welding of non ferrous metals (brasses and bronzes)?
4. Which flame is suitable for welding steel?
5.Which of the following is not true for gas welding?
9.Which of the following welding process uses non-consumable electrode?
16.Which of the following statement(s) is/are true for resistance welding?
18.Which of the following is not a resistance welding?
23.Which of the following gas mixtures is not used in Gas tungsten arc welding (TIG)?
25. Which welding process is used to join two thick plates in one single pass?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.811734
Retrieved Text: 2. Which of the following can be used to store a large number of files in a small amount of storage space?
5. Which of the following is an example of a binary number?
6. Spell Check will find errors in which of the following?
7. Which of the following is not a storage medium?
12. Which of the following is hardware and not software?
13. In Word, which menu would the user select to print a document?
14. Which of the following is not true about computer files?
16. What do you see when you click the right mouse button?
20. ____________consists of volatile chips that temporarily store data or instructions.
21. How many kilobytes make a megabyte?
24. In a computer, how many bits does a nibble signify?
25. Which of the following is not true about a compiler?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.796072
Retrieved Text: Q1. Which of the following statements is true?
Q2. The important condition for granting licence of banking companies is?
Q3. Who of the following is not a party to the IPO?
Q4. Which of the following is not shown as an asset in the balance sheet of a Bank?
Q5. The credit policy of a bank does not consists of?
Q6. Which of the following is a function of the agent bank relating to flow of money in the process of loan syndication?
Q7. Which of the following is the parameter to recognize the SSI unit as sick unit?
b) The erosion in the net-worth due to accumulated losses is up to 50% of its net worth during the previous account year.
Q8. Which of the following is not the service provided by the Small Industries Service Institute?
Q9. Service Area Approach (SAA) is associated with?
Q10. Which of the following cannot be securitized?
Q11. Which of the following statements is true?
Q12. The important feature of an anticipatory letter of credit is that?
Q13. The Shipping guarantee is a?
d) Deferred payment guarantee issued by a banker at the request of the consignee when the documents are not received and goods are received, for facilitating the delivery of goods.
Q14. Which of the following statements is true?
Q15. Which of the following is not augmented feature of a credit card?
Q16. Which of the following is the disadvantage of going for public issue?
Q17. Which of the following is not a criterion to select the Investment Bankers?
Q18. Which of the following is not an asset of a bank?
Q19. The banking company has restriction

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.784549
Retrieved Text: Question 1: Which of the following statements about the hydropathy plot above is true?
A. This is a plot of allowable protein conformations as a function of the peptide chain angles Φ and Ψ.
B. This is a plot of a quantitative measure of hydrophobicity vs. primary structure.
C. This plot provides useful structural predictions for soluble proteins but cannot be used to make any structural predictions in the case of integral membrane proteins.
Question 2: Which of the following statements about the hydropathy plot above is correct?
A. The plot above measures the hydrophobic index for each amino acid side-chain R group as a function of that amino acid’s position in the primary structure.
unfavorable because of steric hindrance.
C. This plot can be applied to soluble proteins as well to membrane-associated proteins.
Question 3: Which of the following statements about the hydropathy plot above is true?
A. The Y-axis plots of side-chain group acid strength versus amino acid sequence position on the X-axis.
B. One would expect leucine and lysine to have similar hydropathy indices.
C. They can be used to predict highly detailed overall tertiary structures for proteins.
D. They can be used to predict regions of soluble proteins that are likely to be buried in the interior of a protein with good accuracy.
Question 4: Which of the following statements is true?
A. Proteins are more negatively charged below their isoelectric points than they are above their isoelectric points.
B. Proteins are more positively charged below their isoelectric points than they are above their isoelectric points.
C. Proteins are, in general, most soluble at their isoelectric points.
D. Determination

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.780711
Retrieved Text: If we increase temperature and pressure and add catalysts to this system, which ones of the following changes are true?
Using catalysts decrease activation energy and increase reaction rate. I and III true. Increasing temperature increases reaction rate whether it is endothermic or not.
Increasing pressure decrease volume and increase molar concentrations of matters. In exothermic reactions, increasing temperature decreases equilibrium constant. II and IV are false.
2. Which ones of the followings can have "-" value in reactions?
Only enthalpy of reaction can have "-" value. Rate constant, activation energy, equilibrium constant are always positive.
3. Reaction given below is in equilibrium.
Which ones of the following applications increase O3 production?
When we increase pressure and temperature, equilibrium point shifts to the products. II increases O3 production.
4. Following reaction includes matters in solid and gas phases.
Matters in gas and aqueous are written to the equilibrium equation. Thus, A and D are solids.
Increasing temperature shift equation to the right.
Since A and D are solids, they do not affect equilibrium.
I and II are true, III is false.
This reaction has following equilibrium constants in given temperatures.
According to these values; which ones of the following statements are true?
Reaction is endothermic. I is false.
Since reaction is endothermic; ∆H>0, II is false.
In endothermic reactions, increasing temperature increases value of equilibrium constant, however, in exothermic reactions increasing temperature decreases value of equilibrium constant. III is true.
chemistry exam and solutions "solution"

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.770629
Retrieved Text: 1. Which of the following is NOT a symptom of vaginal thrush?
2. Which of the following causes vaginal thrush?
3. Which THREE of the following are risk factors for vaginal thrush?
4. Recurrent vaginal thrush (4 or more episodes within 12 months) occurs in what percentage of women?
5. Which of the following are NOT symptoms of vaginal thrush?
6. TRUE or FALSE, intravaginal treatment (via pessary or intravaginal cream) is more effective than external application?
7. TRUE, or FALSE, all sexual partners should be treated for thrush regardless of whether they have symptoms or not?
9. Which of the following are contraindicated?
10. Oral fluconazole interacts with a number of drugs. For which THREE of the following is concomitant administration contraindicated?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.711028
Retrieved Text: 1) Which of the following statements are correct?
1. Parliament can increase a tax.
2. Parliament cannot reduce a tax.
3. Parliament can abolish a tax.
4. Parliament cannot increase a tax.
5. Parliament can reduce a tax.
2) Which one of the following pairs is correctly matched?
3) Which of the following are true of Central Vigilance Commission?
1. It was set up on the recommendation of Santhanam Committee.
2. It does not exercise superintendence over the functioning of CBI.
3. It is set up by an executive resolution of the Government of India.
4. It consists of a chairman and three members.
4)Which of the following are true of the Contingency Fund of India.
1. It was created under the provisions of Article 267.
2. It was created in 1951.
3. It is held by the Finance Secretary on behalf of the President.
4. Its amount will be determined by the President.
5) Which of the following are true of the Staff Selection Commission?
1. It was set up in 1976.
2. It enjoys the status of a subordinate office of Ministry of Personnel.
3. It was created by executive resolution.
10)Which of the following is not involved in the preparation of budget?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.707564
Retrieved Text: Which of the following is true about apps? - Become a Pay Per Click Expert.
GUTTULUS DIGITAL MARKETING AGENCY / Which of the following is true about apps?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.706221
Retrieved Text: why does jaundice first appear on sclera?
Solved Which of the following is true about the sclera?
Solved Which of the following is not true about the sclera?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.663131
Retrieved Text: 1. The lowest level of the costal margin corresponds to ________?
2. Plane of Addison corresponds to what vertebral level?
3. What structure forms the anterior wall of the inguinal canal?
4. External spermatic fascia is derived from _________?
5. What structure suspends the liver from the anterior abdominal wall?
6. Which of the following is a retroperitoneal organ?
8. Which among the following statements is NOT TRUE?
9. Which of the following muscles is often time absent?
10. Most common site for direct inguinal hernias?
12. What part of the pancreas is in contact with the hilum of the spleen?
13. Which of the following is the obliterated umbilical vein of the fetus?
14. Which of the following is NOT true regarding the parotid gland?
20. Which of the following muscle serves as sphincter at the lower end of the pharynx?
ALTERNATIVE TECHNIQUE OF PANCREATICOGASTROSTOMY AFTER PANCREATICODUODENECTOMY A REGIONAL CANCER CENTRE STUDY.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.584566
Retrieved Text: A boolean object is an object which holds boolean values.
Boolean primitive value (true and false ) is not same as boolean object values (true and false).
The constructor property of the boolean object specifies the function that creates an object's prototype.
Object: The name of the object (Required).
In the following web document, the constructor property returns the reference to the function that creates the object.
The prototype property is used to add new properties and methods to a boolean object.
name: The name of the property or method to be created.
value: The value initially assigned to the new property or method.
If you add a property to the prototype for an object, then all objects created with that object's constructor function will have that new property, even if the objects existed before you created the new property.
In the following web document, a method has added to the boolean object which returns new character 'T' or 'F' against 'true' or 'false'.
The toSource() method returns a string which represents the source code of a boolean object.
In the following web document toSource() method returns the source code of a boolean object.
The toString() method returns a string representing the specified boolean object. If the boolean value is true, it returns "true" and if the boolean value is false, it returns "false".
In the following web document toString() method is used in a comparison.
In the following web document valueOf() method is used to get the primitive value of a boolean object.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.57923
Retrieved Text: This week we have teamed up with pharmacist and author, Tony Guerra, from across the pond to offer a great prize for the top 10 (winners announced on Tuesday).
All you have to do is sign up to our weekly e-mail, do well in our quiz and you could be in with a chance of winning Tony’s excellent Audiobook How to Pronounce Drug Names.
1. Danger signs to look our for in people with dyspepsia include which of the following?
2. TRUE or FALSE, a person who has tried an OTC treatment for dyspepsia but it has not worked should be referred to the GP?
3. Colic usually starts when a baby is a few weeks old and stops around 4 or 5 months of age. Which of the following is TRUE?
4. Which of the following about laxatives is FALSE?
5. TRUE or FALSE, people with diarrhoea should avoid food for 24 hours?
6. People with loose watery stools should be referred to the GP if it continues for more than?
7. The Medicine Sick Day Rules (when a person has diarrhoea or vomiting) apply to which of the following medicines?
8. TRUE or FALSE, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is a consequence of poor diet?
9. What percentage of people will suffer from haemorrhoids at some time in their life?
10. TRUE or FALSE, blood that is mixed in with the stool (and is black/tarry) as opposed to blood on the surface of the stool (which is bright red) may be a sign of colon cancer and needs urgent referral?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.540626
Retrieved Text: 1. Which of the following statements is true regarding the acceptance of evolution?
a) Most scientists and the major religions in the Western World have accepted that biological evolution has occurred.
b) The concept of evolution is largely irrelevant to modern biology.
c) There no longer are any American churches preaching that there was a special and independent creation of every species and that they do not evolve.
2. Two centuries ago, most European and American scientists believed that the earth is approximately _______________ years old.
6. Which of the following was true of the 18th century Swedish botanist Carolus Linnaeus?
a) He believed that his precise description of plant species was a way of revealing that they have evolved.
b) He classified organisms on the basis of similarities and differences in physical appearance.
c) He used his genus and species classification system to describe plants and animals but did not apply it to people.
7. Which of the following people believed that evolution has occurred?
8. Which of the following scientists suggested a cause of evolution?
10. _________________ was a leading advocate of the theory of catastrophism.
12. Which of the following statements is true of Charles Lyell?
a) He published evidence in support of the theory of uniformitarianism.
b) He developed the theory of uniformitarianism.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.533656
Retrieved Text: Select the one best response to each question!
Which of the following nerves arises by two roots that surround the middle meningeal artery?
Parasympathetic fibers from CN IX travel to the parotid gland via which of the following nerves?
Which of the following is NOT true?
The mental artery is distributed to facial muscles and skin of the chin.
The angular artery is distributed to the superior part of the cheek and lower eyelid.
The supratrochlear artery is distributed to the muscles and skin of the scalp.
The superficial temporal artery is distributed to the parotid gland and duct.
The occipital artery is distributed to the scalp in the back of the head.
Which of the following cutaneous nerves is derived from the ophthalmic nerve?
The maxillary nerve gives off branches to which of the following ganglia?
Which of the following is true regarding the stylomastoid foramen?
It is a common site of lesion for the glossopharyngeal nerve.
It is located between the styloid and mastoid processes of the sphenoid bone.
The stylomastoid branch of the posterior auricular artery travels though it.
CN V is transmitted through it.
Sensory nerves of the face travel through it.
Which of the following is NOT contained within the parotid gland?
Which of the following nerves is NOT correctly matched with its distribution?
Which of the following nerves is correctly described with respect to its course?
The buccal nerve travels from the posterior division of the mandibular nerve between the neck of the mandible and the external acoustic meatus.
The lacrimal nerve passes through the palpebral fascia of the upper eyelid near the lateral canthus of the eye.
The supratrochlear nerve emerges

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.517188
Retrieved Text: After each section has been debated and perfected, _____.
If a motion to consider by paragraph has been adopted, _____.
Which of the following are true about Considering by Paragraph?
If a motion is being considered by paragraph, a motion to limit, extend, or close debate _____.
can be applied to either the current section or all sections depending upon the motion.
If a motion is being considered by paragraph, a privileged motion _____.
If you made a mistake in offering the motion, you need to make a motion to ____.
How can a motion to withdraw be handled?
Which of the following is true about a motion to Withdraw?
Which of the following is true about the motion to Withdraw?
If a main motion has a motion to amend pending, ____.
Who can withdraw a motion?
Only the maker of the motion although the permission of the assembly may be needed.
The maker of the motion unconditionally.
Any member who wishes to have a motion withdrawn may proposes but the mover must agree.
Only the chair may request it.
If a motion is withdrawn after being stated by the chair, _____.
The motion to Withdraw _____.
The motion to divide a Question _____.
When a motion is divided, it is divided into _____.
Which of the following are true about a motion to Divide a Question?
How many members need to be in favor of dividing a question?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.515382
Retrieved Text: BIO404 TMA3 Questions and Solutions : Which of the following is true of generic name?
Which of the following is true of generic name?
Previous Previous post: BIO404 TMA3 Questions and Solutions : ____ usually agrees with the gender of the generic name if the specific epithet is an adjective.

================



======= Instance Index 487 =========
Input Text: what is one use for a radio

Which is the correct answer?
- sending light signals
- sending goods
- none of these
- transferring signals

Target Text: transferring signals

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.60957
Retrieved Text: Home College Radio Day F.A.Q.
College Radio Day 2018 is Friday, October 5! Here we answer the questions we get the most from college radio stations that are interested in participating.
1. What’s the point of College Radio Day?
The aim of College Radio Day is to raise the profile of college radio stations across the country and encourage increased student participation in the medium of college radio. The day is also designed to encourage people who would not normally tune into their local college radio station to do so, and hopefully stay listening because they like what they hear! Above all, the day is a celebration of college radio that reminds people, on and off campus, that college radio is still alive and kicking on many campuses across the country! Now in our 8th year, we’ve already had some great success and the backing of some great people also!
2. Who organizes College Radio Day? Who’s behind this?
CRD is organized by the College Radio Foundation, a 501 (c)3 charity formed by people who work in college radio full time (advisors, and faculty). It’s an all-volunteer organization that is run by people who deeply care about the future of college radio. The founder is Dr. Rob Quicke, who is also General Manager of WPSC 88.7 FM at William Paterson University in New Jersey. Everyone involved with CRD is doing it for the love of college radio and volunteers much of their spare time to make it happen. CRD is a non-political event and invites college radio stations that are members

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.438914
Retrieved Text: > > specifically for digital radio transmission over the airwaves.
> > and it was never released.
> > > supports digital readio?
> > It'll support DVB radio, but not what you want which is DAB.
> Which software is used to listen to DVB-T radio?
Whatever you'd use to watch DVB video, so xine, mplayer, etc.
can be found in the dvb-apps source under util/szap/channels-conf/dvb-t.
> be considered as the best?
for this card, the one I have, and one similar to the Nova-T).
> drivers that support this (what about that nice Terratec dual card)?
combination of what is being broadcast and what software you're using.
it'll be able to use it.
perhaps others can handle multiple sound streams.
> btw: Any information if Linux drivers will support that dual DVB-T?
manufacturer then I'd be happy to give the PCI card a go too.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.392545
Retrieved Text: accEcomms is part of a nation wide movement to encourage all Americans to have FRS (Family Radio Service) or GMRS (General Mobile Radio Service) radios. These radios are inexpensive, easy to use, and don't rely on any centralized network. In an emergency, tune your FRS or GMRS radio to channel 1.
Why was accEcomms set up?
accEcomms is used to enhance communitcation between normal citizens like yourself and others during an emergency, plus for day-to-day neighborhood information, besides we thought it would be prudent to have a backup way for neighbors to communicate.
It’s the nature of emergencies that you can’t anticipate what may happen or what you’ll need. But it’s a good bet that communications will play a major role in any neighborhood or city-wide emergency. Emergencies such terrorist attacks, power failures (all too common), cell phone system outages -- those are the kind of instances when accEcomms would be called into action.
What happened in New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina --the complete destruction of all means of communication-- shows how unexpectedly and quickly communications can fail.
What is FRS? Is FRS radio like CB radio? Why does accEcomms use FRS and GMRS radios?
Family Radio Service radios are just that -- portable, battery-operated radios intended for individuals and families. FRS radios are easy to use, inexpensive and don’t require a license. People use FRS radios to stay in touch while on ski slopes, at sports events, at the beach, at amusement parks, on hiking trails -- just about everywhere.
GMRS (General Mobile Radio Service) radios, which have a greater ranger than

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.357046
Retrieved Text: Can I operate a two-way radio (Wireless transceiver/walkie talkie ) in India without a license?
In India, only CB ( Citizen Band) radios are allowed to be operated without a license!
I am planning to buy/already own a walkie talkie for ____ use, do I need a license?
In India, owning and operating a radio without a valid license is illegal. Commercial radio licenses are issued by the WPC and can be applied for if the intended use is commercial.
What is amateur radio? Is it similar to FM/AM radio?
Amateur radio is purely a hobby pursued by enthusiasts all around the world in their leisure time . Unlike Commercial FM and AM radio stations, which broadcast news,music,etc,. amateur radio is for one on one personal communication with like minded radio operators .
Can I make money out of amateur radio?
It is not a business, nor offer any chance or scope for employment. You cannot use a amatuer radio license to link up your home to your place of work, use it for public broadcasting or any other purpose besides practice it as a hobby.
What do I get out of amateur radio?
Being involved in amateur radio is beneficial for you in many ways.
It is a great platform for self study and personal development. You will, for example, learn about electronics and radio propagation; expand your knowledge of geography and enhance your personal communication skills. An interest in amateur radio gives you curiosity to learn and that will help you succeed in academics and in life. It often kindles an interest in maths

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.271494
Retrieved Text: I buy some of the materials and equipment that I use as a painter at Action, one of the cheapest warehouses in Holland. Recently I discovered they sell a “plamuur” (the stuff that you use to fill holes in walls and woodwork, but I don’t know what is the English word for it) that is by far the best I ever used, for a price that is a third of the stuff I used before. But they also sell great brushes, screwdrivers, knives, etcetera. Today I visited Action and bought a scan radio in the shape of an i-Pod. For 2 euro’s.
I had to travel by train for one and a half hour and I was tired, so I thought the radio would keep me awake. But I also like the thing for what it is: a radio (including a headphone and two batteries! ) in the shape of an i-Pod for only 2 euro’s.
In the train I was sitting opposite a well dressed young couple, that had done some expensive shopping. After a while the man noticed that I was listening to a fake i-Pod and whispered something to his wife, making her giggle. Meanwhile I was tripping on all kind of (unconditional) love songs on one of the about 20 radio stations the little thing could receive. I wondered what they were thinking and saying. I think that could not imagine that I was perfectly happy with my new toy.
I have a 30 gigabyte i-Pod, but I gave that to my son. I preferred

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.260106
Retrieved Text: How to make network selection sticky?
New Now Playing screen for Radio art sizing!
Keep losing favourites and presets. Any idea? Couldn't wake to radio this morning!
Does SB Radio have a Digital Output?
Hitting center or play on files in music folder doesn't work.
alarm - song mix - random song?
Appears to be playing, but no sound?
How do I Connect to Home Server across Internet?
Were is the Podcasts menu?
Who the F is Eric?
Imminent Return -- How to Fix Alarms? Search? Tone Controls?
new radio -- are these known issues?
Good Christmas gift for Mom?
Limited settings for Radio under Squeezebox Server?
Is the SB Radio headphone Jack stereo, etc?
How can I make the "now playing Screen" look like the one on the package?
Kidsplay: different behavior on same preset for separate Radios?
Is Radio wireless of poor quality?
Using headphone jack for external speakers.
Check/Adjust Alarm Without Blaring Music?
How to "SSH into" the SB Radio?
Does the Squeezebox Radio Keypad light up?
Squeezebox Radio now $149 at Amazon.
Buttons to Power On and some other questions?
Safe to use as an alarm clock?
How can I use radio without mysb.com ?
Squeezebox Radio knob doesn't work.
newbie: Radio or server runs plugins?
How to play from localstream?
Can radio speaker and headphone jack be functional at same time?
Please HELP! Got SB Radio & AirPort Express..now what?
Radio: how to properly install 4.7.2 nightly ?
Tone Control missing on $200 Radio?
New Dimming Question (Manual) -- power saving dim?
Loud, random brief bursts of sound???
It wakes you up but doesn't tell you what time it is?
Newbie question - radio station streaming "not in uk"
What Happened to the BBC World Service?
Set different brightness

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.244628
Retrieved Text: A two means radio is usually a handheld machine that can be utilized for quite a lot of functions. The most typical and fashionable use of one of these a radio is for communication. Such a radio can be utilized for sending and receiving information or indicators on the similar time. This makes these units handy to make use of. Nowadays, two means radios include a whole lot of options. These options have been added holding in thoughts the wants of the customers. These radios can be found in several value ranges. Most radios of this kind are inexpensive. Additionally these radios can be found in a number of completely different variants Radio Peru.
Each particular person makes use of a two means radio for various functions. Due to this fact, the kind of radio that’s bought by a buyer relies upon upon the utilization of the radio for the particular person. There are a number of issues that must be saved in thoughts when shopping for a two means radio. One of many principal issues contains the fundamental elements of the radio. One of the crucial vital elements that should be checked is the battery. Most of these kind of radios include an inside rechargeable battery. These batteries merely want charging for the radios for use for a very long time. One the opposite hand many radios include replaceable batteries. In these radios, as soon as the lifetime of the batteries will get over, the batteries should be changed with new ones to proceed utilizing the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.228411
Retrieved Text: Antique Radio Forums • View topic - Getting my first Catalin soon... what to use to polish it?
Getting my first Catalin soon... what to use to polish it?
Post subject: Getting my first Catalin soon... what to use to polish it?
My Mother in law is going to be meeting my wife and I on a vacation back home when we go see my parents. She is driving down and one of the things she's bringing is a Emerson tombstone made out of green-ish catalin plastic that someone gave her that she's now giving to me. I've seen pictures and its pretty dirty. I have zero clue what to use on these things. I've always used Novus No.2 on just about everything plastic but given these are kind of pricey sets I'd rather not mess it up. Any comments or suggestions would be great.
I recapped a Catlin radio for a friend of mine. and I also did the cabinet. It is an Addison table model.
I used Brasso on the cabinet [after I cleaned it] and it worked very well.
I then polished it with a wax called Renaissance.
If you read up on this wax you will find that the British museum hired a bunch of chemists to make the wax. You can use the wax on anything.
It is not costly, for the amount that is required , and it will last a long time.
It does NOT leave fingerprints. I really like it.
Here are some photos of the radio I did.
Chaz, that radio is not catalin.The yellow trim is, but

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.208369
Retrieved Text: NDRI has built a reputation as a reliable source of information and expertise on a range of issues around alcohol and other drug use and related harms, and as a result we are regularly contacted by the media.
A selection of opinion pieces and news items featuring NDRI research and researchers appears below.
CANBERRA TIMES - Should Canberra allow dope-growing clubs to be set up?
RADIO FIVE AA - Alan Hickey - Do teetotallers live longer than moderate drinkers?
THE SPINOFF – What are the health risks in taking ecstasy?
THE CONVERSATION - How does ecstasy kill?
ABC RADIO PERTH FOCUS - Pill testing at festivals - does it send a message it's ok to take drugs?
ABC LOCAL RADIO - Ain't nothing new about 'nangs' but how worried should we be about the drug?
ABC NEWS - Why are our prisons full of domestic violence victims?
THE CONVERSATION - Explainer: what is nitrous oxide (or nangs) and how dangerous is it?
ABC LIFE MATTERS - What are the causes of addiction and the potential solutions?
RADIO ADELAIDE - Should recreational marijuana be legalised?
TALKING LIFESTYLE RADIO - Do you drink alcohol every night?
ABC RADIO PERTH FOCUS - Does having a few drinks a night make you an alcoholic?
TALKING LIFESTYLE RADIO - How does alcohol affect our mood?
THE CONVERSATION - Do different drinks make you different drunk?
ABC NEWS - Should parents give kids alcohol to control drinking, or talk about safety instead?
ABC HEALTH & WELLBEING - Does one drink a day damage your health?
THE CONVERSATION - Research Check: Can even moderate drinking cause brain damage?
THE CONVERSATION - FactCheck

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.17105
Retrieved Text: NRadioBox is a free internet radio player with a large number of radio stations which can be accessed by one button click.
Dear users,a new version of free internet radio player NRadioBox 1.3 is released.
NRadioBox is a free program for listening Internet radio stations. What makes it stand out from others is the ease of use. The program comes with over 500 radio stations.
The program can be downloaded as an installation or a portable version that you can save, after unpacking, on your flash drive.
Streaming supported formats: acc, wma, m3u ..
Play last active radio station on program restart.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.149174
Retrieved Text: The jobsite doesn't always have to be a mess of noise from power tools and construction, crank up the tunes with DeWALT's Worksite Radio. Built to handle the harsh environments and demands of the jobsite, DeWALT's DC011 Radio/Charger features a rugged roll cage and weather resistant speakers. Capable of running off both AC/DC and 12V to 20V batteries, the radio quickly transforms from a portable jobsite radio to a USB device charging station. With the choice of a built-in AM/FM digital tuner, auxiliary ports to connect IPods, MP3 players and more, you play what you want to hear on the jobsite with clear sound quality.
This is the 3rd radio I purchased ( should have learned The first one did not have reception. Next one did and was a pretty good radio for the garage. Bought a third one for the basement,. Worked one time and never since. Thought I would be able to get explaination of why and they just said it was out of warranty and I needed to get it serviced by someone who is local as they do not have anyone here that can do it. Think after paying 100. for a radio it would at least come in on station.
It was almost a good product.
The fact that you can use 18v and 20v style batteries is fantastic, but that is about all that I can say positive about this radio.
It does not charge either style battery.
The radio receiver is weak.
And to top it all off, I have had it less than two

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.063922
Retrieved Text: Interactive One, Radio One's digital link to urban consumers, and Radiate Media™ have partnered to bring its Radiate360™ digital marketing solution to small businesses (SMBs) in 15 urban markets throughout the United States.
Radio One, the most prominent, urban-oriented multimedia company that targets African American consumers, is now able to offer its small business radio clients easy-to-use and affordable digital marketing solutions, including social media, mobile marketing and directory management.
Radiate Media, a leading provider of software and services that empower and strengthen local businesses, recently launched Radiate360, its new integrated marketing platform, to drive hyper-local business. Radio One will now be able to offer the Radiate360 platform to its local radio group clients.
"The Radiate platform provides a multifaceted solution of integrated tools that are truly capable of addressing the marketing needs of our SMB partners," said Scott Frost, Director of Integrated Marketing, Radio One. "In addition, the training, resources and support that are offered by the Radiate team make the implementation process for my local sales teams a worry-free experience. This will certainly provide a foundation of incremental revenue while engaging our valued clients deeper into our radio station brands."
This marks the largest broadcast partnership to date for Radiate Media and its newly launched Radiate360 product. To date, Radio One has already generated revenue in the six figures within the first 30 days of the partnership.
"Small business owners trust and rely on their Radio One radio partners. What we are doing is expanding what the radio team is able to offer in a way that truly helps

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.058395
Retrieved Text: What components are there to a CDC40 installation? Is it just the radio unit/GID and then the arial or is there another unit (for the DAB)?
I've been offered one but it is just the radio unit and screen but I can source the arial from eBay.
Thanks Paul, IF I fitted the radio unit and screen would it throw up any errors etc and would the radio/CD changer still work OK?
Is it possible to turn off the DAB function?
you shouldn't get any errors without it but what you can do and don't ask me how but with the dab connection free on the radio you can use it as a ipod connection. I think anyway.
cdc40 opera - aux out ??

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.048665
Retrieved Text: initial impressions of radio 8.
as radio gets closer to release, the wraps are gradually coming off. i was invited into the beta program just three days ago, but i've had an opportunity to really bang on it (and try to break it). i plan to write a more full review, once i've spent more time with the product, and can get it into the hands of a couple of clients ... but i wanted to stake some opinion territory before release, different territory than you'll hear from others.
radio is deep. is there a userland product that's not? radio will appeal to casual users, as well as those who wish to dig into it's intricacies. you can 'run it on auto', or customize it to your heart's content. the deeper one gets into radio, that time and effort will be a direct payoff if one chooses to move up to userland's flagship product, frontier, for industrial-strength content management. radio makes frontier more approachable in some very smart ways. starting from basic weblogging, there is plenty of room to grow and expand ... one can delve into xml, opml, xml-rpc and soap, too. yup, it's deep.
radio is indulgent. of course radio takes the drudgery of day-to-day weblogging out of your way. but a visit the preferences page will overwhelm most users with features. so indulgent as to feel like overkill? for just a straight daily weblog, absolutely. for instance, the xml category features are quite nifty, and probably most casual users won't routinely use them. but programmers and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.01457
Retrieved Text: You may have heard about amateur or “ham” radio from a friend or maybe one of the members in your Makerspace is a ham. What is ham radio and what does it offer you?
First, you’re a Maker, so you already have a lot in common with the ham radio community. Hams are tinkerers, builders, fixers, and inventors by nature. Opening the box (or building your own box) is not only allowed, it’s encouraged! Of the many radio services out there — from commercial broadcasting to CB to public safety — amateur radio is the only one in which equipment can be homemade and tuned to any frequency or channel that hams have access to. Flexibility, experimentation, and hacking are a way of life with hams.
Ham radio has many facets — it’s actually 1000 hobbies in one. You can dive deeply into electronics, antennas, digital communications, public service, competitive operating, solar and geophysics science, world-wide “DX-ing, ” or just use ham radio as a personal communications tool. Some hams focus on just one or a few topics while others try to experience it all. As a Maker, you are probably most interested in the electronics, but once you start digging in, you never know where it might lead or where you can apply your skills.
But what is ham radio really? Hams have access to the radio equivalent of national parks in which commercial activity is banned and only non-commercial operators (the “amateurs”) get to visit. Some of the parks or bands (frequency ranges reserved for hams) are

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.991032
Retrieved Text: Amateur or Ham Radio is defined as the personal use of radiocommunications equipment for local and/or worldwide communications and experimentation. In Australia there are a number of frequency bands ranging from 1.8 MHz up to 250 GHz allocated for use by amateur radio, many of these bands also being allocated for the same purposes worldwide. Radio amateurs communicate using a number of different modes, including AM, FM, SSB, CW and digital modes such as RTTY (Radio Teletype), SSTV (Slow Scan Television), FSTV (Fast Scan Television, also known as Amateur Television or ATV), Packet and more. Various satellites dedicated to amateur radio circle the earth and NASA often operate amateur radio from the space shuttle and the International Space Station.
Those wishing to operate on the ham bands must undergo examination in regulations, radio theory (novice or advanced), and for some qualifications morse code (5 or 10 wpm). This will then qualify you for one of the Australian Amateur qualifications and the appropriate station licence. The qualification obtained governs the frequencies and output power available for use. If you would like to know more about the amateur qualification, there are links at the end of this article to a number of sites that can offer more in depth explanations and information.
Of most interest to the scanner enthusiast is the amateur 2 M (144 148 MHz) and 70 cm (420 450 MHz) bands as these fall within the coverage of even the most basic scanner with the majority of use being in FM mode. In addition there is no

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.981224
Retrieved Text: Have you ever found yourself singing your favorite songs while taking a bath? Better yet, maybe you turn up the volume of the stereo to listen to your best songs.
Well, don’t you think that could be a little uncomfortable for other people in the house or even the neighbors? It sure would. But what if I told you there is a way you can listen to your music as you bathe, without disrupting other people’s peace? Experts from showerfeed.com says, shower radio can help you with that.
With the best shower radios out there, music lovers can be sure of staying entertained as they are bathing.
Now, you might wonder ‘won’t the radio be risky to use around the bathroom’? The answer is no; it won’t be risky. It’s actually very safe, but we will come to that later.
First, let’s consider what it takes to find a good bathroom stereo.
What should you look out for? Can you just pick any radio you find out there? Is there a specific criterion you will need to follow?
You don’t have to worry about a thing because we are here to answer all these questions for you. So, tighten your seat belt because we are about to have a long and enjoyable flight.
We promised we’ll help you with the proper buying guide of a bathroom radio, and we must keep that promise. Now, when it comes to finding a good unit for using in the bathroom, there are some things you must keep in mind. Question is; what are those things you

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.980809
Retrieved Text: Vicki Maguire, Grey London and Kate Stanners, Saatchi & Saatchi London assess the quality of the D&AD Awards Radio Advertising Winners 2015. Listen to three brilliant examples, and hear the latest trends. Find more radio inspiration at Inspired by Audio: http://www.dandad.org/en/inspired-audio/ D&AD represents global creative, design and advertising communities and celebrates brilliance in commercial creativity.
http://danoday.com/blog Radio advertising copywriters have been taught to sell "benefits" instead of "features." But a successful ad campaign requires more than just "benefits." Radio copywriting expert Dan O'Day explains. Here's an important radio advertising lesson for you: Commercials should not focus on "features." Nor, contrary to what you've learned elsewhere, should your ads focus on "benefits." Instead, radio copywriters should concentrate on selling the RESULTS of the product or service being advertised. Consumers don't want the product. They don't care about the product. They care only about what the product can do for them. I don't care if Ed's Toothpaste has been judged the World's Greatest Toothpaste. I want to know if it can keep my teeth cavity-free, my smile gleaming white, and my breath fresh and inviting. Let me illustrate with a real-life example. Right around the turn of this century, my office manager began nagging me to get TiVo. This was before most cable television providers offered their own DVR (Digital Video Recorder) options. TiVo pioneered that product category. It also was in the days when people used video cassette recorders (VCRs). My office manager nagged me for a year and a half. She had TiVo, and now she was

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.971876
Retrieved Text: What is music if you cannot share it? With internet, sharing of music has not only become more fun but also easier. Internet radio is a concept that is helping millions of users to not just share their favorite music but also create their own radio channel in the easiest manner.
You can easily set up your own internet radio on your site in simple steps. You can take the help of any streaming service that you actually use or better, you can even create on all yourself. The only thing you need to note is that when you use other streaming service, you will have to pay a fee to use their music lists or music for your own playlist. If you are creating it on your own, you need not incur any cost and you can share all your loved music to all the listeners around the world.
Internet radio broadcasting is a popular task today and there are many websites which offer the help. All you have to do is search for these websites and find one that suits your requirements the best. You may need certain software but the happy news is that you get many free streaming software which you can use to set your own radio. Some examples of free software providers are Shoutcast, Quicktime, Helix Server Basic, among others.
While you use the software, you can follow the instructions and set your own internet radio. You can also use it to set up your own live radio so that you can air

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.905819
Retrieved Text: A gateway is usually a gap between 2 fences with a gate in it..... But no, I jest!
A Radio Gateway allows one radio to talk to another radio that is many many miles away through the power of ROIP (Radio Over IP). ROIP - similar to VOIP - sends the radio signal through the internet.
When a user is in range of the gateway, the signal will be sent through the internet to other gateways in different places and users in range of those gateways will hear the signal and can reply back through their nearest gateway.
Some people consider using gateways to be 'cheating' as the signal is going through the internet and not directly from antenna to antenna, but gateways enable contacts that would normally be impossible via direct RF, so they are very usefull. - Thats just the basics of what gateways are/do, you can probably find more indepth info on google, I'm gonna concentrate more on how to set one up on this page.
Basically all you need is a suitable radio (with antenna), an interface (to connect radio to computer) and a computer with internet access - thats it! A second radio is not strictly needed, but its pretty hard to set up the audio levels, test, and monitor your gateway without one.
A very common question is: How much does it cost to set up a gateway? -The answer to this is: How long is a peice of string? The costs vary, you can set one up very very cheaply or you can spend

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.896912
Retrieved Text: What is the Radio Bible Hour?
The Radio Bible Hour is a 501c3 non-profit religious organization founded in 1935. It is one of the oldest radio ministries in the United States. It's mission is the sharing of the Gospel of Jesus Christ through various media, mission work, and Christian training of pastors and lay people. It is doctrinally Baptist, and was founded by J. Harold Smith, a Baptist pastor and evangelist.
The Radio Bible Hour is a member of the National Religious Broadcasters and is rated by Ministry Watch. RBH makes its home in Newport, Tennessee, and is under the direction of Dr. J. Donald Smith, son of the founder of the ministry.
Who is J. Harold Smith?
Dr. J. Harold Smith is the founder of the Radio Bible Hour, and served as president of the organization until his home-going in 2001. During his ministry years he served as a pastor and evangelist, was Southern Baptist, and was a pioneer in the use of broadcast media in Christian ministry.
What is the statement of faith for the Radio Bible Hour?
The Purpose and Statement of Faith can both be found here.
What does it mean to be a Christian? How can I know I'm saved?
In the Bible, we read that "if you confess with our mouth 'Jesus is Lord,' and believe in our heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved (Rom 10:9)." You can learn more about being a Christian by going here.
Where can I hear the Radio Bible Hour broadcast?
You can hear it anytime by listening to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.873424
Retrieved Text: Designers of digital radio systems can use one processor core - Tensilica's HiFi 2 Audio DSP - to run all of the decoders required throughout the world for digital radio, enabling a universal worldwide digital radio receiver. Tensilica's HiFi2 Audio DSP supports all of the terrestrial and satellite standards: DAB, DAB+, HD Radio, DRM, and XM Radio. See our chart of all standards and what we have to offer.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.8556
Retrieved Text: Rapid Deployment Amateur Radio, often referred to by its acronym RaDAR, is a concept for operating an amateur radio station anywhere, anytime and even in adverse environmental conditions. This concept supports the amateur radio service’s emergency communications mandate.
Radio amateurs from South Africa came up with a concept to build a comfortable portable radio station capable of operating for extended periods while walking or stationary after walking to a specified site.
The idea was discussed in an open forum and ideas gleaned from many of the local hams, some prototyping was done and the “Shack in a Sack” (SiaS) concept was born.
In August 2009 RaDAR – Rapid Deployment Amateur Radio, was launched – a more professional version of the SiaS concept.
Rapid deployment of an amateur radio stations was the goal of RaDAR. Initially it was a requirement to walk at least one kilometer carrying all station equipment, antennas and logistics to the operating position. This was no different to any other similar outdoor amateur radio activity.
There was no time limit set for an initial deployment so the essence of deploying quickly was not quite there, it was simply too easy.
Some experiments were done and RaDAR once again evolved into a more refined idea by having to move station for a required distance depending on the mode of transport after every five contacts. No other amateur radio activity in the world works this way. RaDAR is different.
Rapid deployment and indeed rapid re-deployment is what makes RaDAR different otherwise it would be just the same as any other amateur radio

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.844083
Retrieved Text: It's amazing the big sound that comes from such as small system. While the radio reception is nothing to gloat about, the Bluetooth and AUX function is what really counts.
Almost every power tool manufacturer has some type of radio or Bluetooth speaker in their line up. While a lot of them have the theory of “go big or go home”, it’s hard to find a decent small speaker that is durable, sounds decent and still has good runtime. Sure you can pick up a decent small speaker on Amazon, but usually, they aren’t durable enough for the job site or outside, plus you have to plug them in to charge them. Ridgid released a small radio that tries to accomplish these four objectives, portable, durable, good runtime, and quality sound. So how did they do? Let’s check out the Ridgid Compact Radio Review and see.
I know a lot of people like the bigger, louder systems, but for me, I like small speakers. Sure if I am in a loud place, I would rather have the loud sound of music over the sounds of saws and impact drivers. But most of the time, I need a smaller speaker.
For me I need it when I am tailgating, camping, hanging out, working in smaller spaces- the list goes on. For the plumbers, electricians, HVAC guys who may be working by themselves, this is a perfect solution because you can toss it in your tool bag, set it up and start rocking quickly.
The Ridgid radio (R84086) is a small radio

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.83404
Retrieved Text: Check out our compact portable DAB+ Digital Radio with in-built speaker and headphones.
The WAKE Digital Clock Radio will compliment your style and its easy-to-use functions are designed for simplicity, making it one of the best Digital Radios on the market.
Our digital radios have been designed with you in mind. Touchable, clear and simple button / functions to set-up your radio, flick between functions and control your device.
You’ll be spoilt for choice with a new Digital Radio from Richter. As DAB+ Digital Radio provides many more station than traditional FM radio.
Find a station that will take you back to yesteryear with classic hits, get moving with hard rock tracks, or maybe one with tranquil tunes to let you zone out, no mater where your mood takes you, you’ll be able to find a station that suits your mood with DAB+ Digital Radio.
What is DAB+ Digital Radio?
DAB+ is the most widely adopted digital radio standard worldwide, on-air in more than 40 countries worldwide.
DAB+ uses an advanced and technically robust transmission system. Like other digital technologies, it uses higher frequencies to provide clearer broadcasts at range.
Stations that broadcast DAB+ Digital signals can provide more streams/stations to provide you with more choice and variety.
For more information visit: www.digitalradioplus.com.au.
Can I recieve the Digital Radio Signal?
Signal coverage varies across Australia. So visit the DAB+ Digital Radio website to check if you can get the signal.
I can't get DIgital Radio - Can I still use your radios?
All our Digital Radios are bundled with an FM reciever. So you can listen to traditional FM

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.8296585
Retrieved Text: The FTA-450L Transceiver is a great option for those looking for a com only radio. With an oversize full dot matrix LCD display and large Li-Ion battery, this radio has become a favorite for drone pilots. The FTA-450L provides full communications on the Aircraft communications band and receives NOAA weather channels.
Li-Ion battery (7.4V 1800mAH, 110V and 12VDC charger with cradle, Alkaline battery tray, Antenna, Belt clip, headset adapter, operating manual, and USB cable.
Well informed in Gulf Shores.
I live a mile from our uncontrolled airport and I pickup every aircraft transmission on the ground. I easily pickup inbound aircraft in excess of 10 mile from the airport. I am very pleased with this radio.
Having trouble getting stations and using squelch. Instructions inadequate to manage volume and squelch for me. Also stations farther away than 5 miles not received.
Everything you need in the box. Easy to use easy to program. I used the Yeasu website pc program and provided cord to interface with the radio to install local frequency's to all my local fields.
I live 3 miles from class D and pick it up easily on the ground in my house.
Bought this for back up coms. I tested with my head set 10 miles out 3000 ft. 5×5 with ATC.
Had no trouble installing the antenna just follow directions.
Display is bright, large, easy to read.
I just received this radio last week. It has great, sturdy construction, but the assembly and operating instructions are a challenge, to be polite. I opened the box with the expectation of receiving a list

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.794828
Retrieved Text: Years ago we made workable unlock Citroen C5 radio code generator. Useful tool that is so simple that any Citroen C5 user can use it by himself on his computer.
Surely every user is welcomed to use our guidelines that will help him in the regeneration procedure. All you need is ten minutes free time, workable computer connected to internet and your locked C5 device’s details about security and serial numbers.
Sound like a child song but a true one! Use this method to get your long ago lost unlock Citroen radio code. Code combination that you must use if you want to use your old radio and stereo devices that come with your car. No meter if you are the first, second or maybe third owner on your current vehicle, the system works very fine if you can provide the original radio numbers and letters combinations.
What you need to do? Follow the process explained bellow in the step by step guide and you will get your code after a couple of minutes!
Finally press the generate button that is at the end on your workable page!
Once your unlock Citroen C5 radio code be delivered use it to rework your device. Enter it using the radio buttons and start to listen your favorite radio station in your own car once again! Say thanks to us by sharing our web page to your friends on your social network profiles!Thank you for reading us!
ma dove sono i software?sembra una presa in giro.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.794779
Retrieved Text: HackRF One is an open source Software Defined Radio (SDR) peripheral.
ANT500 is a telescopic antenna suitable for radio frequencies between 75 MHz and 1000 MHz. The 50 ohm antenna total length is 20 cm collapsed to 88 cm fully extended. It is the perfect first antenna for general purpose use with HackRF One.
HackRF One is a tool for test and development. It has not been tested for compliance with regulations governing transmission of radio signals. You are responsible for using your HackRF One legally.
Through a variety of techniques and projects we have developed over the years, we demonstrate what can happen when users let their guard down and strive to educate the masses.
Copyright © 2019 Wall of Sheep. Ecommerce Software by Shopify.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.790844
Retrieved Text: Our Pocket Radio is a Real Blessing When Small Size is Important.
We combined ease of use, very good reception and sharp, well defined audio together in this little jewel of a radio. You can listen on the built-in speaker or the included high quality original CC Buds Earphones tuned for superior voice clarity and music. It has five, one touch memory car type buttons for each band and stands upright when needed. Rubber coated sides help with grip. Lock switch to prevent accidental on/off or station change.
A much appreciated comment from a customer said it better than we could. "I am proud to own it (the CC Pocket Radio) partly because of the pride you must have in designing with such care."
Thank you from the C. Crane crew!
Runs on (2) "AA" batteries (not included). Also works with rechargeable batteries(Do not use Lithium Batteries).
About 100 hours of play with ear buds and about 80 hours using built-in speaker (2) AA batteries (not included). Battery life depends on volume level while listening (Do not use Lithium Batteries).
Common manual instructions printed inside battery cover.
Best clamp on radio I've ever had and I've had and have a bunch!
Clamps right on easily sounds great.
I have been impressed with the reception of stations on both AM and FM. I was really surprised. It has very good reception for a smaller radio. The weather radio is a nice feature to have as well. The digital tuner is nice to have when DXing stations as well.
Reception, portability, and weather radio.
Sound out of speaker is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.785755
Retrieved Text: KARO ECHO Go Kit / Checklist Recommendations. This Go-Kit is based on the above four types of deployment (Level A, Advanced B, Extra C, and MAT Qualified).
Definitions of ARES Message Precedence Designators (Emergency, Priority, Welfare, and Routine).
A Breakdown of the Elements of the ARRL/ARES Standard Message Form Made Simple for Dummies!
Quick 1 page guide for FRS/GMRS radio operations. If you read only one page, read this one.
What Radio Equipment is Desired for FRS, GMRS, and Ham Radio EmComm Use?
Minutes from KARO ECHO meetings are located at the bottom of the Past Events page.

================



======= Instance Index 432 =========
Input Text: Beaches are harmed

Which is the correct answer?
- when beach goers leave behind detritus on the sand
- when turtles lay their eggs
- when children play in the ocean
- when seagulls nest in dunes

Target Text: when beach goers leave behind detritus on the sand

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.625285
Retrieved Text: On September 7, 2018, Plains All American Pipeline was found guilty of nine criminal charges for causing the worst California coastal spill in 25 years, a disaster that blackened popular beaches for miles, killed wildlife and hurt tourism and fishing. The jury in Santa Barbara County found Houston-based Plains guilty of one felony count of failure to properly maintain its pipeline and eight other misdemeanor charges, including the killing of marine mammals and protected sea birds. The company still faces the federal class-action lawsuit described below brought by Lieff Cabraser on behalf of owners of affected beachfront property, fishing boat operators, and petroleum industry and oil workers who lost jobs because of the spill.
In Andrews, et al. v. Plains All American Pipeline, et al., No. 2:15-cv-04113-PSG-JEM (C.D. Cal.), Lieff Cabraser serves as Court-appointed Class Counsel in the action arising from an oil spill in Santa Barbara County in May 2015. A pipeline owned by Plains ruptured, and oil from the pipeline flowed into the Pacific Ocean, soiling beaches and impacting local fisheries. Lieff Cabraser represents homeowners who lost the use of the beachfront amenity that they pay a premium for, local oil platform workers who were laid off as a result of the spill and subsequent closure of the pipeline, as well as fishers whose catch was impacted by the oil spill.
Plaintiffs allege that defendants did not follow basic safety protocols when they installed the pipeline, failed to properly monitor and maintain the pipeline, ignored clear signs that the pipeline was corroded and in danger of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.334904
Retrieved Text: we packaged this 2-in-1 formula in bottles made with a blend of recovered ocean plastic and post-consumer recycled plastic, a combination that results in a uniquely gray resin. innovation is a beautiful thing.
learn more about ocean plastic pollution and what we’re doing about it in our videos below.
method teamed up with local beach clean-up groups and volunteers to collect plastic debris from the beaches of Hawai'i to use for our ocean plastic bottles.
there are more than 100 million tons of garbage floating in the Pacific Ocean alone. plastic pollution is a serious problem that affects everyone—even if you don’t live by the water.
method worked with our recycling partner, Envision Plastics, to create the world’s first bottles made with plastic waste collected from the ocean.
learn how method used design innovation to not only solve a problem, but bring awareness to a problem and inspire change.
it’s estimated that several million tons of plastic makes its way into our oceans every year, polluting the environment and hurting our marine populations. and the problem isn’t going away anytime soon as more plastic washes up on beaches everyday.
as a small soap company, we know we can’t clean up the world’s oceans. but we can raise awareness about the issue and use our business to demonstrate smart ways of using and reusing the plastics that are already on the planet. we think the best way to do that is by proving that solutions exist, even at a small scale.
with the help of local beach clean-up groups and volunteers, method has collected more

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.158832
Retrieved Text: White sands, sunny skies, and clear seas: Southern Thailand really does offer the perfect escape from reality! Many of its beaches turn into exciting nightlife venues after dark, making the region a great place to unwind and let loose. If you’re more interested in wildlife than wild nights, check out some of southern Thailand’s natural beauty, including forests, parks, waterfalls, and hot springs.
The main reason people visit the South of Thailand is for its white beaches and blue sea. One of the most idyllic beaches is on the 21-square-kilometer island of Koh Tao. Koh Tao, and other nearby islands such as Koh Samui, have some of the best-preserved coastlines in the country, meaning the beaches and waters are extremely clean and safe. These islands are consequently great diving destinations, offering the opportunity to spot turtles, stingrays, barracudas, and sharks.
Koh Samui features some of Thailand's best-preserved coastlines.
Just 45 kilometers from Koh Tao, you’ll find Koh Pha Ngan, a must-see for party people. During the day, its beaches are great for sunbathing and relaxing, but the island is also home to Thailand’s most popular monthly Full Moon party, transforming Koh Pha Ngan from peaceful paradise into a popping party venue.
Koh Phi Phi is well-known for its beach parties.
Another great location for beachfront parties is the tiny, twelve-square-kilometer island of Phi Phi. While its beach bars are not as cheap as elsewhere in the region, they offer a range of music and atmospheres, as well as tasty cocktails.
Thailand is infamous for elephant rides, monkey shows, and other forms of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.027381
Retrieved Text: What Is the 12-Step Approach to Substance Abuse?
12-Step treatment models and 12-step support meetings can provide individuals with a structured plan for sobriety and a sense of community with others struggling with addictions. At Beaches Recovery, 12-step approaches are one of many methods utilized to help clients build a solid foundation in recovery.
Many addiction-treatment centers use some variation of the 12-Step Approach. In fact, it’s one of the more familiar methods to clients seeking treatment for substance abuse. The 12-Step Approach doesn’t have to be religious, though many programs are. It can be spiritual or conducted in a completely secular way. The model uses 12 steps, beginning with step one, in which clients acknowledge that they are powerless to control their drinking or drug use. Steps two and three acknowledge a higher power or spiritual force that clients can pray to or meditate with to help restore a feeling of control.
Steps four and five involve informal confession and taking responsibility, while steps six and seven continue to find balance through meditation and prayer. Steps eight and nine involve making amends with the people clients feel they have harmed in their life while abusing substances. Steps 10 and 11 continue with previous actions in taking inventory and prayer or meditation. Step 12 involves helping those who are still suffering from addiction.
An effective 12-step approach treats more than just addiction, it also addresses various life struggles that often contribute to addiction. Some of these struggles include financial problems, abuse, housing that doesn’t support clients in recovery and mental

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.773833
Retrieved Text: There are 20 achievements worth 400 (550) points.
Acquire Power Ranger mode while playing as the White Ranger.
Acquire Power Ranger mode while playing as the Red Ranger.
Acquire Power Ranger mode while playing as the Black Ranger.
Acquire Power Ranger mode while playing as the Blue Ranger.
Acquire Power Ranger mode while playing as the Yellow Ranger.
Acquire Power Ranger mode while playing as the Pink Ranger.
Activate the Special Attack once you are in Power Ranger mode.
Defeat Mordant at the end of level 1.
Defeat the Tenga Warrior at the end of level 2.
Defeat the Giant Rat at the end of level 3.
Defeat Goldar at the end of level 4.
Defeat Lord Zedd at the end of level 5.
Defeat Ivan Ooze at the end of the game.
Defeat Ivan Ooze at the end of the game on Hard difficulty.
Defeat Mordant without being harmed.
Defeat the Tenga Warrior without being harmed.
Defeat the Giant Rat without being harmed.
Defeat Goldar without being harmed.
Defeat Lord Zedd without being harmed.
Defeat Ivan Ooze's second form without being harmed.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.697655
Retrieved Text: If it nice sometimes to take a break from the city. Take a break from the noise and the visual stimulation of billboards blocking out the sky. It is nice to take a break from feeling so small in a world that is so large and out of control. This is what I tell people I get out of tide pooling.
Tide pooling is when the ocean’s tides are low, so low that the water retreats from the area beaches and reveals lagoons and rocks that are covered with sea creatures. The type of sea creatures that you learned about in biology class when you were a kid. The best time to go is when the tide is negative .5 or greater which happens at least twice this weekend. Those of you who get the bonus MLK jr. on Monday the 19th off are especially lucky with a long low tide beginning around 2:30 p.m. and lasting almost an hour and a half.
Anemone in Abalone Cove tide pools. Palos Verdes Peninsula.
To the naked eye sometimes these places just look like puddles and rocks. When you are there do me a favor and take a moment. Be still. If you look into the pools of water you can see the small creatures, hermit crabs skittering about and kicking snails out of their shells, anemone undulating, sea hare slowly moving looking for snacks, and things you thought were rocks and rings of sand suddenly move.
More photos are on instagram @thisuglybeautifulcity. Everything I know about tide pooling I learned from

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.312532
Retrieved Text: Businesses are permitted to advertise by making truthful claims about their products. However, businesses are liable for crossing the line into deception and misrepresentation. Honest businesses are harmed by untruthful competitive practices of dishonest businesses. Consumers also have a right to make informed purchasing decisions and are harmed by dishonest or false claims.
Businesses that have been harmed by another business’s false advertising may be able to recover damages. Our attorneys are experts in litigating false advertising claims. If your business has been harmed by untruthful competitive practices, or if your business is accused of harming another business by false advertising, we will draw on our extensive experience to vigorously representing you.
Learn more about our business litigation and counseling practice, including representative cases in this area. Contact GED to discuss how we may be of service in your false advertising matter.
Successfully represented one of the partners in a real estate partnership throughout the course of vigorously-contested partnership dissolution proceedings.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.124296
Retrieved Text: Images of oil-coated seabirds after oil spills are a stark reminder of the massive damage that ship wrecks can do.
Find out what WWF is doing!
Oil spills have huge and immediate economic, social, and environmental impacts.
Local people lose their livelihoods as fisheries and tourism areas are temporarily closed; the clean up costs are enormous; and tens of thousands of marine animals and plants are killed or harmed.
And the damage goes on. The chemicals used to break up the oil can be toxic, and it's impossible to remove all the spilled oil. Even after an area has been cleaned up, it can take a decade or more to fully recover.
There's also the problem of the oil that goes down with the ship, which can contaminate the seabed and marine organisms.
This oil can also resurface. In 2001, a cyclone off the island of Yap in Micronesia disturbed the oil tanker USS Mississinewa, which was sunk during World War II. For two months, thousands of litres of oil and gasoline leaked out of the rusted ship wreck onto the beaches of the atoll, stopping the 700 islanders from fishing. There are hundreds of other shipwrecked tankers around the world.
Water birds covered in oil are a common sight in the aftermath of an oil spill. In this case a volunteer holds a dead Common guillemot covered in oil from the 'Erika' oil spill. The 'Erika' broke in half in rough seas around 70km off the northwest coast of France on 12 December 1999. The 24-year old tanker lost an estimated 10,000

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.836562
Retrieved Text: In Miami Brazilian tourists are top spot had long, but they have lowered 26 percent less visitors in 2016 and another 5 percent in 2017, year over year. But those challenges were balanced by a 2 percent increase in visitors from Colombia, an 8.2 percent increase in travel from Argentina and a 12.5 percent bump in German travelers to Miami.
Among those harmed by the economic crisis and the soaring dollar price in Brazil, discount malls – which have attracted tourists to Miami in recent years – are now the most affected.
The frenzy days in the Miami outlets – even in the gigantic Sawgrass Mills, with its five “avenues” that add up to 350 stores – seem to have lagged behind.
Brazilians continue to go to the region, despite having a drop in visitors in 2017 – the main in more than 20 years. In the outlets, however, the retraction was much higher, especially in stores that always profited by being preferred by Brazilians.
A growing number of travelers, though, stayed at short-term rentals. About 5 percent of all visitors rented a residence or a room in a home, up from 3.7 percent in 2016. Platforms like Airbnb were once considered “disruptors” by the bureau, which works hand-in-hand with area hotels. But with Airbnb and HomeAway’s new tax deals with South Florida governments, the bureau is working to better track their performance and impact on the local tourism economy, as it does with hotels.
In all, Miami tourists spent a record-breaking $26 billion in the region in 2017, an increase

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.742877
Retrieved Text: Torrential rain causes widespread damage in Nagaland - Daily Upgrade Catch All The Latest News & Updates On Business, Finance, Economy & Much More.
Precipitation in Nagaland have kept on being a wellspring of the issue for the general population there and in excess of 50 individuals have been cleared after 49 houses got harmed because of the ongoing avalanche in the state.
Kohima: More than 50 families have been emptied from around 49 houses harmed by the avalanches since Monday night activated by heavy rain which kept on destroying destruction in Nagaland, official sources said on Tuesday. Harm of 13 houses has been accounted for from Naga Hospital Colony, 36 in Pezielietsie settlement inside Kohima town influencing no less than 54 families since the previous evening, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Kohima, Lithrongla told PTI here.
Properties and agrarian fields have been harmed as far as crores of rupees be that as it may, no human setback has been accounted for, the sources said.
The numbers are expanding each hour as the avalanches are happening persistently activated by unremitting precipitation, she said including that significant mudslide has likewise happened tonight at Officers Hill close fourth NAP C Coy camp yet points of interest on the harm caused is anticipated.
A noteworthy activity facilitating preoccupation street for Kohima town Naga Hospital Junction Daklane Census office intersection was likewise totally cut off the previous evening as the holding divider close divider close Soul Harvest Church was harmed in the mudslide.
ADC Kohima said that the substantial rain additionally harmed streets in a few places

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.659513
Retrieved Text: Lauren Conrad brings attention to dangerous fishing gear that is threatening sea turtle survival. She joined Oceana to visit Rancho Nuevo Sea Turtle Sanctuary in Mexico, where the world's most endangered species, Kemp's Ridley sea turtles, come to nest on its beaches.
Jenna Ushkowitz spreads awareness about the dire consequences ocean wildlife are facing due to a lack of food.
Kate Mara speaks up for West Coast marine life affected by drift gillnets.
Miranda Cosgrove brings attention to seismic airgun testing and how it threatens marine creatures like dolphins.
In August 2013, actress January Jones brought attention to the dwindling number of Great White sharks in the Pacific.
'Friday Night Lights' star Aimee Teegarden wants to protect the gems under the ocean's waves. She joined Oceana on the southern coast of California to explore kelp forests and meet sea lions.
In 2010, Angela and Rachael traveled to Mexico with Oceana to swim with sea turtles.They also visited a sea turtle hospital that takes care of sea turtles harmed by fishing gear or other human activity.
'Entourage' star Adrian Grenier swims with Bluefin tuna, some of the largest and most endangered fish in the ocean. Help Adrian save the Bluefin before they're gone, sign the petition.
Actress January Jones asks for your help in joining Oceana’s campaign to save sharks.
Ponder what you would do if your world were ending in this Valentine’s-themed Oceana PSA.
With the capability to destroy century-old reefs in mere moments, bottom trawling is the single most destructive human impact on the ocean floor. Ted Danson narrates how Oceana fights to stop bottom

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.598544
Retrieved Text: Jeremy Clarkson got the shock of his life when he looked down the loo on Thursday.
The Grand Tour host, who is currently on a tour of southeast Asia, shared the moment he discovered a frog in his toilet basin and did not know what to do about it.
Declaring it an ’emergency’, the 58-year-old shared some pretty shaky camerawork on Instagram as he pleaded for advice from his followers.
In two clips, Jeremy’s unwanted guest can be seen slipping up and down the toilet bowl, unable to escape, before retreating down the hole.
This is not an uncommon problem in tropical countries during dry seasons.
Sometimes, frogs can find solace in toilets after making their way into a residence, but other times a frog can swim to the toilet tank from the sewer line.
Yet Jeremy’s new amphibian friend didn’t seem to want to go back down the way he came, and kept reappearing in the short Instagram clips.
Jeremy’s post prompted some unhelpful suggestions, like switching rooms with James May or getting Richard Hammond to ‘fight it to the death’.
However, others offered some practical advice about how to deal with the unwanted visitor.
Official advice issued by conservationist group, Frogwatch, suggests that frogs are ‘unlikely’ to be harmed by the flush of a toilet, so it seems Jeremy’s best option would have been to pull the chain.
Instead, Jeremy chose an alternative option and opted to ‘retreat’ to the coastline while the drama unfolded at home.
Jeremy is believed to be in Vietnam after taking off for a ‘gap year-style’ trip in Southeast Asia,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.578327
Retrieved Text: A member since 2011, Lewis has held various other fundraising roles in the Junior League, including as Vice President Elect, Deck the Palms Co-Chair. She also served on the Board of Directors.
Professionally, Andrea is an attorney at Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhardt & Shipley, PA. She has dedicated her career to seeking justice on behalf of those who have been wronged. She represents clients harmed by careless drivers, drunk drivers, defective products, harmful prescription drugs, and negligent health care providers. She was recently named one of The Best Lawyers in America in the field of personal injury. Before joining Searcy Denney, Andrea was a prosecutor with the Palm Beach County State Attorney’s Office, where she fought to protect our local citizens who had been the victims of serious crimes. She conducted over 75 jury trials, prosecuting murderers, rapists, sexual predators, armed robbers, and gang members, including many high profile matters.
Andrea was previously named the Young Lawyer of the Year by the Palm Beach County Bar Association. She has also been recognized by The National Trial Lawyers as Top 40 under 40 – an honor extended solely to the most qualified plaintiffs’ attorneys from each state who demonstrate superior qualifications.
Andrea is on the Palm Beach County Bar Association Board of Directors and she is the President of the Young Lawyers Section in Palm Beach County. She is a frequent speaker at local Bar Association events and recently served as a panelist at the county’s annual Bench Bar Conference. She enjoys dedicating her time out of the office to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.566206
Retrieved Text: A large amount of debris is washing on to Australian shores after a June accident that resulted in the loss of several containers from a Taiwanese-owned cargo shop. There was a swell that caused the ship to lose 83 full containers, and now Australian residents are facing a big mess. Boaters and other ships in the area have also had to face added risks in navigating the debris-strewn waters.
The ship involved in the accident was the YM Efficiency, a Taiwanese container ship. It was making its way through the Tasman Sea off the coast of New South Wales, Australia. This area of the country is well known for its pristine beaches, which are now strewn with garbage from the incident.
The container ship was heading to Sydney from Taiwan when it hit rough waters in the Tasman Sea. A strong swell caused 83 containers to fall from the ship into the sea. Most were smashed open, along all the goods inside to spill out and into the water. Although they were struck by strong waves and swells, the entire crew of the ship suffered no injuries. The owner of the ship is responsible for collecting the containers that went overboard. The incident will be investigated to determine the cause of the spill and if it could or should have been prevented.
Only a full investigation will determine if the crew or the ship was at fault at all in the spilling of the containers into the ocean. Containers are supposed to be secured properly to prevent such accidents,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.500063
Retrieved Text: Child protection enquiries are undertaken when a member of the public or an agency reports concerns that a child may be being harmed or neglected. When the enquiries show that a child may have been harmed or may be harmed in the future, a meeting called a child protection conference is held. The purpose of the Child Protection Conference is to bring together family members, the child where appropriate, and those professionals most involved with the child and family and to decide on whether the child/children need formal Child Protection Plans to safeguarding and promote their welfare.
As a parent or carer the events leading to this child protection conference may have been stressful and possibly left you feeling confused, angry and upset. The aim of this leaflet is to explain why a conference is being held and how you can have your say.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.440973
Retrieved Text: Have you ever been hungry and thirsty at the same time? I found a solution: I ate snow off the floor. Here’s my review.
Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy. Do I have a story for you! Ever wondered what happens when you dump an entire bowl of (literally) boiling noodle water all over your two leggies very late on a Saturday night? Me freaking neither, but I sure as heck found out last weekend! Buckle up, folks, because you’re in for an article-long rant about why you should never let me near any sort of kitchen appliance ever again! I present to you: The Noodle Incident. No noodles were harmed in the making of this article. Just kidding. They were harmed. My laptop was harmed. I was harmed. Everything is pain. Enjoy.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.438884
Retrieved Text: To protect someone or something means to prevent them from being harmed or damaged.
What can women do to protect themselves?
If something gives protection against something unpleasant, it prevents people or things from being harmed or damaged by it.
Self-confidence is the best protection against bullying.
To safeguard something or someone means to protect them from being harmed, lost, or badly treated.
They will press for international action to safeguard the ozone layer.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.435926
Retrieved Text: Every day, someone is harmed by the wrongful conduct of negligent corporations. We are honored and humbled to fight for justice on behalf of those harmed by the corporations.
Pharmaceutical, medical device and medical malpractice legal expertise.
At Schroeder Law Office PLLC, we believe in fighting for justice. We work hard to provide you with results you want to achieve. The firm has no agenda of its own, no interest in forcing you to accept unfair settlements to get your case resolved hastily, and no interest in going to trial against a client's desires.
We believe in placing the client first and that listening to the client is extremely important. We believe that achieving justice for you involves communication about the claim and lawsuit process and what you can expect each step of the way.
Have you been harmed by a serious accident? Contact Schroeder Law Office PLLC to learn more about how we can aggressively and effectively represent you. Schroeder Law Office PLLC is proud to advocate for clients nationwide who have been injured.
Schroeder Law Office PLLC's principal office is located in The Woodlands, Texas.
Every day, someone is harmed by the wrongful conduct of negligent corporations. We are honored and humbled to fight for justice on behalf of those harmed by the corporations. This pursuit of justice has been our passion for almost 20 years and continues to be our life's work.
The process of finding a personal injury attorney can sometimes be a difficult one. Finding the right attorney is especially difficult as oftentimes you are still handling the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.382128
Retrieved Text: San Diego is about as dog-friendly a city as you will find anywhere in the United States. We have multiple beaches where off-leash dogs are welcome. We have a plethora of dog parks that are there specifically to give our dogs exercise. Most hiking trails in the county allow dogs to enjoy them with their owners. Even restaurants around town have areas for people to sit and dine with their dogs. People in San Diego are used to seeing “Man’s Best Friend” almost anywhere they go. Unfortunately, a lot of people in the area have also endured the extremely difficult experience of being bitten and injured in a dog bite attack. Below you’ll find a brief overview of this issue. Those who have been harmed in this manner should contact the San Diego dog bite lawyers at Gomez Trial Attorneys as soon as possible.
According to the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC, more than 4.7 million dog bite attacks occur across the country every year. Approximately 800,000 of these attacks lead to injuries that are severe enough that the survivor seeks out medical attention. Nearly half of these 800,000 people will need what is described as emergency medical treatment. Dozens of people in the United States are killed in dog bite attacks on an annual basis. The people most vulnerable to dog bite attacks are children.
These are troubling statistics to be sure. When people are injured in dog bite attacks, they need to understand their potential legal rights and options. California follows

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.2590885
Retrieved Text: Individual Assignment - Action Research Proposal, Section Four Finalize and submit Section Four of the Action Research Proposal. ..
DQ1.How effective do you assume the IRB process to be in ensuring that human subjects are not harmed? DQ2.Brainstorm possible ethical issues in educational research (for example, human su..
How effective do you assume the IRB process to be in ensuring that human subjects are not harmed? ..
Brainstorm possible ethical issues in educational research (for example, human subjects, technology, confidentiality, data management, or publishing). Select one ethical issue and develop a case ..

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.249852
Retrieved Text: The maturing procedure is inescapable for all individuals; there is no special case. Be that as it may, you can at present find a way to hold it so you can appreciate feeling youthful and sound even in your develop years. It is currently conceivable to defer or even invert with a specific goal in mind the maturing procedure through human development hormone (HGH) treatment. To see how this is conceivable, let us first take a gander at how human development hormone functions.
HGH is in charge of the development and support of numerous indispensable body capacities. It helps in managing the creation of different hormones inside the body. It is delivered inside the cerebrum by the pituitary organ. As we age, HGH creation is decreased and its dimension kept low, and therefore, the body encounters numerous degenerative changes.
It at that point winds up hard to fix harmed cells which results to the appearance of maturing side effects, for example, a general decrease in the body’s vitality and power, memory misfortune, skin wrinkles, decline or loss of hearing and vision, bringing down of drive, sexual dysfunctions, and numerous other medical issues.
A declining HGH level outcome to unmistakable signs and side effects of maturing, and expanding HGH levels could defer their appearance. Taking HGH enhancements can invigorate fix of harmed cells and balance the impacts of maturing in the body. Expanding the HGH level in the body by enhancing can enable fix to skin harmed by the sun’s bright beams, cruel climate and smoke, and give you smoother

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.247459
Retrieved Text: The heart wants what the heart wants. The Harmed Brothers know this all too well and weave stories of life, love and loss with melodies all their own. Their unique blend of country, folk, bluegrass and rock and roll has been turning heads for nearly a decade and its only getting better with age. The emotional roller coster that is The Harmed Brothers live show is guaranteed to snap you out of 'that funk" or "keep the good times rolling". Road worn and love scorn The Harmed Brothers deliver night after night.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.2008
Retrieved Text: Every state in the nation wrestles with decisions over how best to serve its citizens. In Missouri, we have repeatedly wrestled with different approaches on the how to handle cases in which patients are harmed by doctor or hospital negligence.
Florida is currently faced with similar decisions on medical malpractice after its state Supreme Court held that caps on noneconomic damages were unconstitutional, much as the Missouri high court ruled here a couple of years ago.
The caps serve to punish those people unfortunate enough to be badly harmed by negligent doctors, while failing to lower the cost of malpractice insurance for physicians and failing to stop the tide of medical errors hurting patients.
Studies have shown that preventable medical errors contribute to between 210,000 and 440,000 hospital patient deaths per year in the U.S. That means avoidable medical mistakes rank third, behind only heart disease and cancer, among the leading causes of deaths of Americans. So it’s not surprising that courts and the public would recognize that medical malpractice caps are not only unconstitutional, but ineffective in diminishing the cause of the problem.
When someone in the Joplin area is harmed by a negligent hospital or doctor, they should speak with an attorney experienced in the complexities of medical malpractice cases.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.156647
Retrieved Text: Have you seen any animals that have been harmed or killed by plastics?
We have not seen any animals that have been harmed or killed by plastics so far. We are in an area of the ocean where we don't see many macrofauna such as whales, dolphins or seabirds. There is an occasional albatross flying by, or petrals at night. No plastics were found in the stomachs of the yellowfin tuna or mahi mahi that were caught from a fishing line off the aft deck.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.130134
Retrieved Text: Can the Effects of Air Pollution Harm Me?
Home ▸ Air Pollution ▸ Can the Effects of Air Pollution Harm Me?
You and your children could be at risk when breathing in polluted air. There are two types of, effects of air pollution, and they are long term, and short-term effects. Just how badly each person is harmed by pollution will depend on the duration of exposure, as well as the amount they were exposed to during that time. These together, are referred to as the total exposure to the pollution. Elderly people, as well as children usually are more harmed by the effects of air pollution, than a healthy adult. It is also dangerous for people with asthma or lung disease to be exposed to air pollution. People know that pollution is harmful and could even kill you, but the benefits we get from activities causing pollution, often outweigh the potential harm, in our minds. It is not until we have felt the effects of air pollution personally that we begin to be concerned with fixing the problem.
The short-term effects of air pollution have probably harmed you already without you realizing it. Some of the short-term effects include irritation to the nose, throat, and eyes. Some more serious effects include things like bronchitis, respiratory infections, and even pneumonia. You might have gotten these problems from air pollution and didn’t even realize it. You probably only think the effects of air pollution include the long term effects like lung cancer, and respiratory disease. So then you might have

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.130036
Retrieved Text: Good places to bring your dog are the Larry Scott Trail, North Beach County Park (low tide is the best time) and Fort Worden. There is an informal, fenced off-leash dog park on Jackson St. north of Chetzemoka City Park near the old Golden Age building.
Many local businesses have treats for dogs and even some residences have a water dish and treats in a closed bin with treats for all the dogs taking their owners for a walk! In-town dog walking must be on leash and PLEASE always pick up your dog's poop, we hate finding it in our yards or on sidewalks!
Deer are all over town and a loose dog may be harmed or cause the deer to spook, so control your pet at all times. Dogs are REQUIRED to be licensed in both Jefferson County and the City of Port Townsend. (Contact the Humane Society of Jefferson County or 360-385-3292).
Pets are allowed in most state parks but must be under physical control at all times on a leash no more than eight feet long.
Pets are not permitted on designated swimming beaches.
On the Port Townsend-Keystone ferry run, as with all WA State Ferries, pets should stay in your car, or on a leash on the car deck if you are a walk-on passenger. Otherwise, they must be kept in pet carriers. On some ferries, it is possible to take your animal to outside upper decks, but they may not be in the cabin at any time. This, of course, does not apply to a person

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.085663
Retrieved Text: 3.1. One in Three Americans Thinks People in the U.S. Are Currently Being Harmed By Global Warming.
The impacts of global warming are starting to be felt in the United States. According to the 2014 U.S. National Climate Assessment:http://nca2014.globalchange.gov/downloads “Residents of some coastal cities see their streets flood more regularly during storms and high tides. Inland cities near large rivers also experience more flooding, especially in the Midwest and Northeast. Insurance rates are rising in some vulnerable locations, and insurance is no longer available in others. Hotter and drier weather and earlier snow melt mean that wildfires in the West start earlier in the spring, last later into the fall, and burn more acreage. In Arctic Alaska, the summer sea ice that once protected the coasts has receded, and autumn storms now cause more erosion, threatening many communities with relocation” (p. 1).
Yet only about one in three Americans (34%) thinks people in the U.S. are being harmed “right now” by global warming, a number that has remained steady over the past several years.
3.2. Most Americans Think Global Warming Is a Relatively Distant Threat.
Americans are more likely to think that future generations of people (70%) will be harmed a “great deal” or a “moderate amount” by global warming than will people living in developing countries (61%), or the U.S. (56%). They are least likely to think that they themselves (42%) will be harmed.
3.3. Few Americans Are Optimistic Humans Will Reduce Global Warming.
About four in ten Americans (42%, -7 percentage points since fall 2012) say humans could reduce global

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.075184
Retrieved Text: If a particular person develops into harmed on a organisation’s internet site because of a shortage of up dated conveniences, this company likely the point regarding a couple of law suits. A business can against having law suits by simply possessing a safe atmosphere with a company of which mainta..
If a particular person is harmed on the organisation’s web-site because of lack of up to date features, this company will probably be the target associated with many lawsuits. A company will have a way against obtaining lawsuits by simply having a secure environment with the aid of a company of wh..
If the particular person gets to be harmed on a organisation’s web site because of a shortage of up-to-date features, the company will be the target associated with many lawsuits. A business will have the ability against having legal cases simply by possessing a secure atmosphere with a corporatio..
In case a person will get harmed on the organisation’s internet site as a result of absence of up dated conveniences, the business will be the prospective regarding a few lawsuits. A small business can to protect against getting legal cases by simply making a risk-free surroundings with a company ..
Finding Managment Online In case a person has become injured on the business's internet site because of absence of up-to-date features, the organization is going to be the prospective of a variety of law suits. A company will have the ability against receiving law suits by possessing a risk-free..
When a individual gets wounded on the business's web-site as

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.060353
Retrieved Text: NSA Director Alexander says, "There is nothing that anyone from the NSA has done that is wrong."
On Thursday evening, NSA Director General Keith Alexander gave a talk before the Baltimore Council on Foreign Affairs.
As I read an account of the talk by Sun reporter Carrie Wells in today's Baltimore Sun entitled, "Director of NSA defends its methods" it has to be said bluntly and to the point; obfuscation, dissembling and outright lying were the hallmark of the general's remarks.
To wit he said he was looking for "better ways" to conduct surveillance stating "I'm not wedded to these programs" and "There is nothing that anyone from the NSA or Cyber Command has done that is wrong", (this presumably made with a straight face).
When a Maryland State Senator Jim Rosepepe asked Alexander how he justified the tapping of phones of world leaders the general responded, "I would actually turn it around and say, I think there's a better way to do it. We can look at some of these and say, some of this is not needed to defend the nation". Ah, no kidding general, but what kind of an answer was that to the state senator's question?
Alexander went on to relate terrorism and cyber security gaps remain the greatest threats to the U.S. then went on to criticize the whistleblowing of Edward Snowden and the media that published Snowden's authenticated accounts saying they harmed the nations security, its companies and relationships with allies and the NSA programs are misunderstood by the public as "Snowden misinterpreted the way

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.027924
Retrieved Text: European leaders agreed on a permanent rescue fund for the Euro zone on Monday and 25 out of 27 EU states backed a German-inspired pact for stricter budget discipline, but they struggled to reconcile fiscal austerity with economic growth.
The Argentine government as was anticipated by organized labour woke on Monday to the first day of a week of conflicts over salary and work conditions, taking as the leading case for the struggle the Argentine post office and its distribution fleet.
Brazilian builder Odebrecht plans to produce sugar in Cuba, the company said on Monday as incentives for foreign investment in the Castro family’s regime raise hopes of a recovery in the once-booming sector after decades of decline.
The Girl from Ipanema has put on a few kilos and for many sun basking in Brazil’s beaches the country’s iconic itsy-bitsy, teeny-weeny tanga just doesn’t suffice anymore.
On line shopping giant Amazon has been accused of artificially inflating prices by banning firms that trade on its website from selling goods more cheaply elsewhere on the internet.
Britain should bring forward orders for a new generation of navy frigates to help BAE Systems bridge a production hiatus that’s threatening its warship-making capabilities and 6.000 engineering jobs, the Unite union revealed.
The world faces the “urgent challenge” of creating 600 million productive jobs over the next decade in order to generate sustainable growth and maintain social cohesion, according to the annual report on global employment by the International Labour Organization (ILO).
Germany's persistent policies to push down wages have harmed fellow Euro zone member countries and

================



======= Instance Index 89 =========
Input Text: plants are the source of

Which is the correct answer?
- turkeys
- tomatoes
- cows
- chickens

Target Text: tomatoes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.704189
Retrieved Text: Coal grinding plants » Iron/Steel industry » Metals Industry ... In some blast furnaces, coal dust is injected as an additional source of fuel.
coal grinding plant for steel industry. Iron Steel Industry - LOESCHE SCM | Innovative Engineering | These plants are mainly used in the cement and iron steel industry.
Coal grinding plants » Iron/Steel industry » Metals Scheuch . In some blast furnaces, coal dust is injected as an additional source of fuel.
Coal Mill In Cement Industry. Coal mill pulverizer used in cement plant|Coal grinding mill ... Cement Plant, Power Generation, Steel Industry Vertical Roller Mill Mining.
Industry » Iron/Steel industry » Coal grinding plants. Coal grinding plants. In some blast furnaces, coal dust is injected as an additional source of fuel.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.688327
Retrieved Text: The monarch population has declined by 90% in the last few decades. Due to this decline in their numbers, they are now almost considered an endangered species. To help combat this issue, you can follow these tips.
1. Plant host plants- host plants are where butterflies lay their eggs. After the eggs, hatch and the caterpillars emerge these host plants are their first and only food source until they complete the metamorphosis process and become butterflies.
2. Plant continuously flowering native plants- Once the metamorphosis process is complete and the adult butterflies emerge, they are going to need a food source. This food source is nectar from flowering plants. Planting a mix of flowers that bloom from spring thru the fall helps ensure there is a food source available for the butterflies. All nectar is not created equally. Area specific, native plants are preferred.
3. Discontinue the use of herbicides and pesticides- Using these chemicals puts the caterpillars and butterflies at risk. Pesticides kill the insects while the herbicides kill native plants.
4. Provide shelter- Planting shrubs or patches of taller flowers gives the butterflies a place to hide from predators and escape bad weather. Also, they can rest and bathe in the sun.
5. Puddling- Provide an area for puddling. Puddling is the process of drinking and extracting the minerals from the muddy water. Combine sand, dirt, organic compost and water to create the ideal mud, puddling pool.
Following these tips, we can help alter the fate of the monarchs and other butterflies.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.619085
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 12:16:14 pm at 04/25/2019 12:16:14 pm in Organic Nitrogen For Plants.
organic nitrogen for plants there organic nitrogen fertilizer for plants.
organic sources of nitrogen for plants,organic source of nitrogen for plants,organic nitrogen for tomato plants,organic nitrogen sources for plants,organic nitrogen source for plants,best nitrogen for tomato plants,best organic source of nitrogen for plants,natural nitrogen sources for plants,homemade nitrogen for tomato plants,sources of organic nitrogen for plants,organic nitrogen for weed plants.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.465058
Retrieved Text: The OECD Development Assistance Committee (DAC) collects aid flow data at activity level based on a standard methodology and agreed definitions. The Aid to Energy Generation and Supply sector is broken down into 17 sub sectors covering policy, research, training, distribution as well as generation by type.
DAC members' imputed multilateral contributions to the Energy sector: Secretariat estimations (data to 2016) (xls, March 2018) and methodology.
230 ENERGY GENERATION, DISTRIBUTION AND EFFICIENCY Categories 231 through 235 include both electric power plants and combined heat and power (CHP) plants. Heat-only plants, whatever the type of fuel, are reportable under category 236. Activities relating to fuelwood/charcoal production, energy manufacturing and natural resources extraction (including oil and gas pipelines) are reportable under categories 312, 321 et 322 respectively.
23110 Energy policy and administrative management Energy sector policy, planning; aid to energy ministries; institution capacity building and advice; unspecified energy activities.
23112 Energy regulation Regulation of the energy sector, including wholesale and retail electricity provision.
23181 Energy education/training All levels of training not included elsewhere.
23182 Energy research Including general inventories, surveys.
23183 Energy conservation and demand-side efficiency All projects in support of energy demand reduction, e.g. building and industry upgrades, smart grids, metering and tariffs. Also includes efficient cook-stoves and biogas projects.
23210 Energy generation, renewable sources – multiple technologies Renewable energy generation programmes that cannot be attributed to one single technology (codes 23220 through 23280 below). Fuelwood/charcoal production should be included under forestry 31261.
23220 Hydro-electric power plants Including energy generating river barges.
23230 Solar energy Including photo-voltaic cells, solar thermal applications and solar heating.
23240 Wind energy Wind

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.415408
Retrieved Text: The smell we associate with freshly cut grass is actually a chemical distress call. What if we could hear it?
Few moments evoke a sense of summer like catching a whiff of freshly cut grass. For many people, it's a pleasant sign that warmer temperatures are here to stay. For the grass, however, this scent signals an entirely different story.
The smell we associate with freshly cut grass is actually a chemical distress call, one used by plants to beg nearby critters to save them from attack (usually it's an affront by insects, but in this case, it's lawnmower blades). After all, when danger strikes -- whether it's landscaping equipment or a hungry caterpillar -- plants can't lift their roots and run. They must fight where they stand.
To protect themselves, plants employ a volley of molecular responses. These chemical communications can be used to poison an enemy, alert surrounding plants to potential dangers or attract helpful insects to perform needed services [source: Krulwich]. Sometimes, a plant's molecular defense plays double-duty. For example, plants that produce caffeine use the chemical as self-defense, but it also gives bees a caffeine buzz. The caffeinated bees treat the plant like it's the corner coffee shop, returning again and again and leaving their pollination services as payment.
Clearly, plants can communicate. But does that mean they can feel pain? It's a troubling scenario for salad lovers squeamish at the thought of eating foods with feelings, and for them the answer may not be that appetizing.
According to researchers at the Institute for Applied Physics at

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.391448
Retrieved Text: Plants need a persistent energy source for growth and they receive it from light. Light influences on plants’ "physiological, morphological, and biochemical" properties with its three aspects "intensity, quality and length of radiation". Light is not the only source of photosynthesis but is the important and influential signal of the growth stages of plants from germination to flowering. Responses of plants to the light in the growth environment to the function of photosynthetic pigments are different from the function of other pigments in the presence of different light spectrums.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.3248825
Retrieved Text: Our Plant Team pride themselves with the reputation of offering an extensive range of top quality plants at competitive prices. We source our plants from all over Britain and Europe but try where we can to source local "Yorkshire grown" products.
If you are looking for a particular plant that we don't stock just ask and we will try our utmost to source one for you. Because we are so confident in our plant quality we are proud to offer an impressive five year guarantee on all our hardy plants.
We have a highly experienced team of plant experts who are more than happy to offer advice on all your plant needs and after care advice so come down for a chat.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.280987
Retrieved Text: common backyard plants plantain plant common backyard plants australia common backyard plants poisonous to dogs.
common backyard plants water hemlock image source common yard plants toxic to dogs common backyard garden plants.
common backyard plants image source common backyard plants australia common yard plants toxic to dogs.
common backyard plants plantain garden 7 common backyard weeds that are actually medicinal herbs in disguise slide 2 common backyard garden plants common yard plants toxic to dogs.
common backyard plants here is a list of some of the most common weeds you may find common backyard plants australia common yard plants poisonous dogs.
common backyard plants let weeds ruin your lawn and landscaping learn how to these common backyard poisonous plants common backyard plants australia.
common backyard plants common backyard poisonous plants common yard plants toxic to dogs.
common backyard plants elderberry common yard plants toxic to dogs common backyard plants australia.
common backyard plants tree peony garden design ca common backyard edible plants common backyard poisonous plants.
common backyard plants a common ragweed plant coming up out of the ground common backyard plants australia common yard plants poisonous dogs.
common backyard plants com backyard plants poisonous to dogs beautiful backyard plants flowers backyard plants poisonous to common backyard poisonous plants common backyard plants australia.
common backyard plants elephant ear new common backyard plants australia common yard plants poisonous dogs.
common backyard plants plants to forage in your own back yard common backyard plants poisonous to dogs common backyard poisonous plants.
common backyard plants common backyard invasive plants common backyard edible plants common backyard poisonous plants.
common backyard plants common diseases that

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.259159
Retrieved Text: FIGURE 11–4 Planting different species of plants in one container. (Source: George Acquaah) FIGURE 11–5 When different species or types of plants are grown in a single container they may be selected and arranged to create an overall shape. (Source: George Acquaah) 360 Chapter 11 Growing Houseplants After choosing a container, the next task is to choose the right combination of plants. Plants should be grouped according to their need (e.g., sun loving, partial light loving, and moisture loving). Certain plants such as sansevieria are adapted to less-than-ideal conditions and hence can be utilized in a variety of groups. The combination of plants should also consider the plant size, color, form, and texture. Plants can be grouped to create an overall shape (Figure 11–5). Further, one may include a flowering plant in an arrangement to give it some color. It may be necessary to prune periodically to maintain a good balance in the display. Plants should be repotted, or replanted, when the container becomes too small for them. During replanting, the original set of plants may be retained or new ones included. 11.2.5 GROWING PLANTS IN THE WINDOW Displaying plants in windows is very popular because windows (especially south-facing windows) are the source of most of the natural light entering the house. Although plants in south-facing windows are prone to scorching due to excessive light, those in northfacing windows may not receive enough light. Windows experience temperature fluctuation, some of which is due to either cold or warm drafts from air conditioners or radiators located beneath

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.228293
Retrieved Text: During photosynthesis plants naturally produce their own energy source in the form of carbohydrates. Carbohydrates are used to drive many important functions within a plant. These functions can make the production of energy a limiting factor within plants. Carbo-Max&#x2122; is a source of simple sugars that are water soluble and can be accessed by plants to use in their development.
Mix 1 g of Carbo-Max into 4 L (1 g/1 gal) of water (soil or soilless). Use throughout the blooming cycle. Reapply each time the water is changed in the reservoir.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.201079
Retrieved Text: Why are seed banks necessary?
A farmer passes his hand over corn. Corn comes in many different varieties, depending on climate and region.
Although you might think the concept is rooted in the contemporary "green" movement, seed banking is not a new phenomenon. Scientists believe agriculture began as far back as 8000 B.C., in the mountains of Mesopotamia, now present day Iraq. Even then, farmers realized their seeds needed protection in order to ensure the next year's harvest. As a result, seed harvesting was one of the most important rituals in ancient farming communities. In Iraq, scientists have discovered evidence of seed banks from as far back as 6750 B.C. [source: Seabrook].
Back then, seed banks protected seeds from animals and extreme weather. Today, we store seeds for different reasons. The most essential reason is crop diversity. Just as humans have specific genetic traits, so do plants. And just as humans have evolved and adapted to specific conditions over time, so have plants. Different varieties of plants are suited for different things. A good example is corn. Corn is grown in different parts of the world and in different climates, which creates many varieties of corn [source: Rosenthal].
­This sort of diversity must be preserved -- not because we need 50 varieties of popcorn, but because we don't want to lose any plants that may prove valuable in the future. For example, in the 1970s a widespread fungus cut United States corn yields in half. The blight was alleviated by use of genetic materials from a wild corn relative that

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.180567
Retrieved Text: Growing up, I had one of those grandmothers who had lots of beautiful house plants. I will never forget the sight of her leaning over to talk and sing to them as she watered them. Grandma swore that talking to them helped them grow and stay healthy. While your philodendron may not understand what you are saying, it turns out that talking or singing to your plants really may help them grow.
Plants need carbon dioxide to grow. When you talk or sing to a plant, you breathe out carbon dioxide from your body, which the plant can absorb. Talking or singing to a plant is also good for you because in turn, the plant expels oxygen that humans need. However, you would have to spend hours per day talking or singing to your plants. You would also need to be very close to them for them (and you) to benefit. The idea of talking to plants came about in 1848, when German professor Gustav Fechner wrote that plants, like humans, benefited from being showered with attention and talk. Other studies tried to prove that soothing music was beneficial to plants.
No one is really quite sure whether talking and singing to plants helps them grow. While many scientific studies have been made, there are no clear answers. However, proponents of the theory swear that forming a symbiant relationship with your plants, meaning a close, long-term relationship between two different species, benefits both the plant and the person caring for the plant.
Soothing music seems to be most beneficial

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.088132
Retrieved Text: Our SureSource power plants efficiently convert hydrogen and oxygen into ultra-clean electricity and usable high quality heat suitable for making steam. The hydrogen is obtained from a fuel source such as clean natural gas or renewable biogas, and is reformed within the fuel cell itself. This unique internal reforming technology allows SureSource power plants to utilize readily available fuels.
Natural gas is the primary fuel source utilized by our growing installed fleet of SureSource power plants. An established natural gas distribution pipeline in our geographic markets combined with the high efficiency of the fuel cell power generation process that is valued by our customers support the use of this clean fuel source for generating electricity and heat.
SureSource power plants operating on renewable biogas are an especially compelling value proposition as they convert a waste product into ultra-clean electricity and heat, solving economic and sustainability challenges for our customers. Biogas is generated by the decay of organic material (i.e., biomass). This decaying organic matter releases methane, or biogas. A harmful greenhouse gas, the biogas cannot be released directly into the atmosphere, while flaring creates pollutants and wastes this potential fuel source. Capturing and using biogas as a fuel, however, solves these vexing challenges and provides a carbon-neutral renewable fuel source.
SureSource plants can also use directed biogas for fuel, which is biogas cleaned to pipeline standards and injected into a natural gas pipeline for use at a distant location.
A variety of other fuels, both gaseous and liquid, have been proven effective with SureSource systems, including propane, coal syngas and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.085539
Retrieved Text: The United States is undergoing a major shift in how it generates electricity. Over recent years there has been a large shift away from coal and towards gas, wind, and solar. Electricity Transition has released a great story map which illustrates this movement from coal powered electricity to other forms of energy.
Electricity Transition uses a series of animated heat-maps to show the rise of solar and wind energy over recent years. These animated heat-maps are very effective in showing the increasing use of solar and wind energy and also the areas where both methods of electricity generation are being most used.
After viewing the animated tours of electricity generation you can explore the map and data for yourself. A drop-down menu allows you to select to view different sources of energy, including coal, gas, solar, wind, nuclear and hydro. Once you select an energy source you can use the map timeline to view the levels of electricity production from that source over time. If you zoom in on the map you can view the locations of individual power plants. The dot markers that appear when you zoom in are scaled to show the levels of electricity generated. The size of these markers will change as you change the year to reflect the different levels of power generation at plants over the passage of time.
You can also explore America's power supply on the U.S. Power Plants map. U.S. Power Plants is an interactive map showing the locations, size and type of America's electric power plants. The map is

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.074819
Retrieved Text: Gas turbine and combined cycle (GTCC) power plants will spend less than nuclear or coal-fired power plants on water treatment chemicals this year. However, this segment will show higher growth than the other two segments. One of the variables is the Fukushima nuclear plant which will account for nearly 2 percent of all the power plant treatment chemical purchases this year. Nuclear accidents are, therefore, a significant consideration in any forecast.
GTCC plants use treatment chemicals such as coagulants on the intake water. This is converted to ultrapure water. In the process, chemicals are used to adjust the pH and to remove contaminants. Additional chemicals are used with the steam to minimize high temperature corrosion. The cooling water and wastewater also require a variety of chemicals.
One of the biggest markets is the retrofitting of peaking plants with heat recovery steam generators and steam turbines to combine the cycle. A number of operators in the Middle East routinely start with a peaking plant and later combine the cycle. In the U.S., peaking plants are being converted not only because of the power needs but to minimize the greenhouse gas footprint. A peaking plant emits nearly 40 percent more CO2/MW than a combined cycle plant.
There are a number of site specific variables which impact treatment chemical investment. One would be the silica content of the intake water. This varies by an order of magnitude depending on the water source. Another variable is the nitrates and organics in the source water. The use of municipal wastewater as the source of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.055844
Retrieved Text: An even larger source of carbon dioxide emissions is flue gas emitted from smokestacks at power plants around the world. Carbon emissions from those plants are the largest source of harmful global greenhouse gas in the world.
This isn’t the first attempt to capture carbon emissions from power plants. It’s been done before, but the challenge has been what to do with the carbon dioxide once it’s captured.
J.R. DeShazo, left, and Gaurav Sant show off a sample of the new building material they have created to replace concrete.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.012267
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 12:43:13 am at 04/26/2019 12:43:13 am in Organic Nitrogen For Plants.
organic nitrogen for plants with certification organic farmers must develop an organic operating farm plan which is overseen by their certification agency with annual third party organic nitrogen for weed plants.
organic nitrogen supplement for plants,organic sources of nitrogen for plants,organic nitrogen for weed plants,best nitrogen for tomato plants,organic nitrogen for plants,organic nitrogen for tomato plants,organic nitrogen sources for plants,natural nitrogen sources for plants,organic nitrogen uptake plants,best organic source of nitrogen for plants,organic nitrogen source for plants.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.0040865
Retrieved Text: flowerwire.com...your online source for flowers and plants.
your online source for flowers and plants.
We are a full-service florist. We offer a variety of arranged flowers for weddings, funerals, graduations, proms, hospital gifts, and even just for a last minute surprise.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.966036
Retrieved Text: nursery structure or growing environment.
1) Constructed of wood, PVC or galvanized steel.
2) No artificial heat source, heated by solar radiation.
3) Used for hardening off plants and hot weather holding.
4) Protects plants from adverse weather conditions.
6) A variety of plant material can be grown in a shade house structure.
7) Provides good air circulation.
8) Provides filtered light when covered by shade cloth.
1) Some plants cannot be grown year round.
2) No heat source other than the sun.
3) No heat or cooling.
natural materials such as hay, manure.
3) Used for starting plants earlier than in a cold frame.
1) Can be expensive to heat.
temperature in the hotbed drops below 50 degrees.
1) Plants are easy to move and transport.
2) Grown to sellable size in the container.
3) Less shock to plants.
4) Retailers can keep plants longer before selling.
6) Insects, diseases, fertility and pH are easier to control.
7) Monitoring of water intake is easily controlled.
3) May become pot bound.
4) May require winter protection.
5) May have a higher start-up cost pots, potting media.
6) Plants may have to be moved to a larger container.
7) May be expensive to ship.
the potted plants (production pots) are placed inside).
2) No blown over containers.
3) Cooler roots in the summer.
4) Well insulated root system in the winter.
5) Easy to move and transport.
6) Is becoming a more viable option to the traditional field grown.
1) Plants are grown directly in native soil.
2) Bare root plants are easy to handle and plant.
1) Requires equipment to be harvested.
2) Plants may go into shock when moved or transplanted.
3) Harder to control insects, diseases, fertility and pH.
4) Soil

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.961414
Retrieved Text: Red sea plants are found in salty water 650 to 2,000 feet below the surface. As such plants are fragile, they grow deep on the seabed where they can remain safe. These plants have fantastic nutritional and medical value, and they has been used by people for centuries.
There are more than 4,000 different species of red sea plants. These plants are perhaps best known for creating ocean reefs. They are multi-cellular and secrete calcium carbonate, which is how ocean reefs come into existence.
Scientific research and experimentation on red sea plants has been rigorous. In earlier times, these plants were used by pregnant women to keep them and their unborn children strong. They have also been used for various ailments and as a source of nutrition.
Scientific research on red sea plants is showing amazing results. They can be used to treat many diseases. Today, half the population above age 25 has arthritis. Sea plants are considered a major treatment option for arthritis.
Sea plants have plenty of calcium and iron along with other vitamins, minerals and other nutrients. Sea plants are full of nutrients that may help us become healthy. For centuries, people have been using sea vegetation as a food source as well as for health-related problems.
Japanese people have been using sea vegetation for heart, kidney and other organ problems for generations. Similarly, sea vegetation is used for curing arthritis, osteoporosis and low blood sugar. In ancient Greece, sea vegetation was used for body building, food and as a sacrifice for the gods. Hawaiians use sea vegetation

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.911082
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for additional information on waste into renewable resources?
detailed data on waste gasification process and ultimate production outcome. Review on viability as a true and viable source of renewable energy.
Waste to energy plants use the technology of waste gasification to manage solid waste and obtain energy form it. There are various types of technologies used by waste to energy plants, but the technology of waste gasification is probably the most effective and efficient. Waste gasification plants have already demonstrated solid results. Municipal waste is considered to be a source of energy that is renewable because garbage will continue to be created on a regular basis. That is why this waste to energy technology is a very attractive one.
The way that gasification waste to energy plants work is that under anoxic conditions the trash is subjected to extreme heat to produce syngas, which is a blend of hydrogen and carbon monoxide, and this can be used as a source of fuel. The first step is to remove bulk metals, and the rest of the waste is shredded and conveyed to a gasification chamber with a temperature of 700 ºC. In there most of it volatilizes to a complex mixture of various gases, and then it rises to a plasma torch that has a temperature of 1200 ºC. The plasma breaks up this complex mixture into simple gases, like carbon monoxide, steam, hydrogen, sulfur and mercury. Then the clean up system removes the mercury and steam, and the syngas is directed to a combustion engine generator

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.883943
Retrieved Text: In selecting woody species for your property, keep in mind the needs of birds and beneficial insects. Native species are much more valuable in providing habitat, while contributing beauty to the landscape Most non-native species have little or no value in providing for the needs of birds and insects.
The woody plants are listed in order of value for nesting birds (Source, Tallamy and Shropshire, 2017, National Wildlife Federation’s Native Plant Finder). These species of woody plants are important due to the number of butterfly and moth species (lepidoptera) attracted to the species as host plants. Caterpillars are the major source of food for nestlings – even species that are seed eaters as adults. Some 95% of bird species feed their young on the larvae of butterflies and moths, and spiders.
For convenience, the list is divided into sections for trees, shrubs and vines, but the relative rank is maintained. Some 48 woody genera providing host value for lepidoptera species are included on the spreadsheet. There are additional natives offering habitat value. The list that appears on the CLC website was the results of a search on zip code 60010. To ascertain the plant list for your zip code, check the National Wildlife Federation’s Native Plant Finder and provide your zip code.
An additional column shows the importance of the woody species in providing fruits, nuts, or seeds for adult birds (Various sources, including Mariette Nowak, author of Birdscaping in the Midwest and George Adams’ Gardening for the Birds.). Although some woody plants may support a relatively low number

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.778889
Retrieved Text: Nobody wants to put time and effort into a project only to see it flop and fail miserably. Gardening is certainly no exception! When you spend the money on seeds or plants, you want to see them grow well and flourish. For that to happen it’s necessary to remember some key things that will help your garden take off.
Simply put, garden plants need nutrients, sunlight and water to grow. They also need to be kept pest- and disease-free. These nine tips take all of that into account and will help your garden look its best, while yielding a great harvest.
Compost is a wonderful source of organic matter and nutrients for garden plants. Instead of keeping a compost pile in your yard for a fresh source, you can cheat and give plants a quick boost using kitchen scraps. Puree food scraps with water and work into the soil around plants for the best results.
Epsom salt is a source of calcium and magnesium, both of which are essential for plant growth. To keep tomatoes healthy and to prevent blossom end rot in the fruit, mix a tablespoon of epsom salt into the soil at the bottom of the hole (do not put plants in direct contact with it) before planting.
Covering the soil around plants with a layer of mulch will help increase water retention, reduce soil erosion,and keep weeds down between plants. You can use bark chips, pine needles, straw or even grass clippings. Just keep the mulch from touching the stems of the plants.
For extra weed control,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.7396755
Retrieved Text: The Rankine cycle closely describes the process by which steam-operated heat engines commonly found in thermal power generation plants generate power. Power depends on the temperature difference between a heat source and a cold source.
Power Generation from Thermal Power Plant Introduction. About 70 % of energy used by India is produced in Coal fired thermal power plants. Not just India, people all over the world heavily rely on thermal power stations.
In 2000, most US dry-cooling installations were in smaller power plants, most commonly in natural gas combined-cycle power plants.  About 43 percent of thermoelectric generators in the United States use once-through cooling, 56 percent recirculating, and 1 percent dry-cooling (2008 data).
highly advanced coal-fired power plant utilizing a low emission boiler system (LEBS). LCA is a systematic analytical method that helps identify, evaluate, and minimize the environmental impacts of a specific process or competing processes.
Coal is the most abundant fossil fuel on the planet, and widely used as the source of energy in thermal power stations. It is a relatively cheap fuel, with some of the largest deposits in regions that are stable politically, such as China, India and the United States.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.729081
Retrieved Text: WHAT IS A BUTTTERFLY GARDEN?
A butterfly garden is a garden with a special emphasis on supporting and encouraging butterflies. Many people have heard of the recent decline in butterfly populations, due to several reasons, including loss of habitat due to increased population, indiscriminate use of harmful pesticides, and climate change. A concerted effort is underway by many people to provide increased food supplies, safe habitat, and cover and food for the larvae and butterflies. The garden should provide host plants for the caterpillars and nectar plants for the adults. An example would be 10 milkweeds and 10 nectar plants including asters and goldenrods. Butterflies also like flat rocks to rest on and wet sand or puddles to drink water and obtain minerals. It is actually easy and fun to create a butterfly garden and a great way to introduce children to the beauty of nature and the value of garden.
Achillea ‘Coronation Gold’ –Yarrow (Perennial) Yellow blooms from June – September. Good nectar plant.
Achillea ‘Strawberry Seduction’ - Yarrow (Perennial) strawberry-red flowers, each with a tiny yellow eye bloom from early summer to early fall. A nectar source.
Asclepias syriaca - Common Milkweed – A drought tolerant perennial plant which functions as a food source for Monarch larvae and also a nectar source for numerous butterflies. Fragrant, pinkish -purple flowers appear over a long bloom period from late spring well into summer.
Asclepias incarnata Rose or Swamp Milkweed - (Perennial) Flowers are very attractive to butterflies as a nectar source and food for the larval stage of Monarch butterflies. Pink

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.706343
Retrieved Text: Medicinal plants represent a rich source of antimicrobial and phytochemical agents. Plants are used medicinally in different countries of world and as source of many powerful drugs. A large number of Streptococcus and Lactobacillus species are involved in tooth decay and periodontal diseases. In the present study it is aimed to evaluate in vitro antibacterial effect of clove and ginger extract on Streptococcus Mutans (MTCC No. 497) and Lactobacilli acidophilus (MTCC No. 10307) by well diffusion technique. These results are antimicrobial activity of aqueous extract of clove which was more against Streptococcus mutans and Lactobacilli acidophilus than alcohol and ginger extract. But synergistic effect of Clove and ginger extract is higher than individual using. Mixture of clove and ginger extract give 25% minimum inhibitory concentration on S. mutants. Both plants may have potential for use in mouthwash for preventing dental caries.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.701195
Retrieved Text: superminer, wash plants, gravity separation plants, gold mining SUPERMINER Wash Plants, Portable Gravity Separation Plants are designed, patented and manufactured exclusively by DOVE , for medium size mining Gravity . Contact Supplier; uae wash plants gravity sepation.
super miner wash plants, gravity separation plants, portable superminer, wash plants, used gold wash plants for sale « Stone Crusher used for Ore New Zealand Gold Wash Plant zenithmine SUPERMINER gravity separation plants, wash plants are designed for recovery Gold Mining Equipment for sale Sonic wash plants New Zealand Gold Wash Plant.
superminer, wash plants, gravity separation plants, gold mining SUPERMINER Wash Plants, Portable Gravity Separation Plants are designed, patented and manufactured exclusively by DOVE , for medium size mining Please contact us through Live Chat to get price quotation and more info.
Superminer Wash Plants Gravity Separation Plants Gold . Superminer Wash Plants Gravity Separation Plants Gold Centered on customers needs and aimed for customers satisfaction Mechanic Machinery is dedicated to .
superminer ® portable processing plants, wash plants, gravity separation plants 3 models, capacity range 80 to 170 tons/hour portable coal wash plant miningbmw portable coal wash plant.
SUPERMINER ® Gravity Separation Plants, Wash Plants are designed for over 95% recovery of Diamonds, Gold and other minerals, Chat Online. Bear Creek Placer, LLC . We have engineered a durable wash plant that will keep you mining.
Feb 13, 2018·liquid liquid separation operations and equipment applied in the hydrocarbon Plant operators have found that efficient liquid liquid separa tions are critical to . gravity settling, enhanced gravity settling and coalescing. gravity settling.
super miner wash

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.699018
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Blue Sheep Yarn! We are a small business located in Upstate New York specializing in soft, squishy yarns hand-dyed in small batches with locally harvested plants. We strive to have our yarns reflect the vibrant colors we find in nature and use only sustainable and eco-friendly methods when harvesting dye plants and dyeing our yarn.
We source the best yarn at the most reasonable price we can find. When we can, we source our yarn locally.
We harvest local wild dye plants mindfully using sustainable practices. We dye using only eco-friendly methods.
We strive to capture the bold and gorgeous colors of nature in the soft squishy comfort of wool and other natural fibers.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.6751995
Retrieved Text: The specific wavelength of 525 nm is described as a single monochromatic light source used in the determination of turbidity by nephelometry at 90° for particulate matter in raw water, water treatment, waste water treatment and industrial process streams. This wavelength improves the detection of smaller particle concentration in water where light scattering characteristics of shorter wavelengths are superior to light sources using longer wavelengths.
Nephelometric turbidimeters are used to monitor on-line streams in raw water, water treatment plants, waste water treatment plants, and process streams requiring detection of particle concentration. The different wavelengths of the light-source beams have varying abilities and characteristics in the detection of multiple sizes of particles in a fluid concentration. A specific single monochromatic light source wavelength of 525 nm improves the detection of smaller particle concentration and is embodied in the turbidimeter. Scattering characteristics of said wavelength are superior to light sources using longer wavelengths.
3. Back-scatter measures reflectance of light opposite to the incident radiation; approximately 2 to 40 degrees separate the light source from the detector; the light scattering is measured as it folds back on itself.
EPA nephelometric specifications require side-scatter measurement at 90° with mandated wavelengths between 400 nm and 600 nm (unless otherwise approved) for the light source, with no more than a 10 cm light path length. The light source must maintain a color temperature between 2200° and 3000° K. These specifications are required by EPA 180.1 Methods for federal regulations in the Determination of Turbidity by Nephlometery for water and waste water treatment plants reporting turbidity

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.665995
Retrieved Text: Water. We all need it. It’s essential for all life on earth, and cannabis plants are obviously no exception.
Water is what your plant uses to transport energy through the stalk and your plant’s leaves will release water to help cool them down, much like human sweat. The quality and contents of your water will determine the overall success of your cannabis crop.
So how do you make sure you’re giving your plants quality water?
Consistency is important when it comes to growing cannabis, and due to its crucial, water is one of the things you will need to monitor and maintain.
What a lot of new growers don’t think about is the type of water they are feeding their plants. Water is more than just a couple of hydrogen atoms attached to oxygen. Water contains any numerous natural minerals and sometimes added chemicals like chlorine which is used for treatment purposes.
A grower should have a good idea of what exactly is in the water they are feeding their plants and what else their plants may need. From my experience, there are 4 popular sources for growing cannabis. I’m going to dive into each one and how it’s treated, as well as the pros and cons of each.
Reverse osmosis (sometimes called RO for short) is a method of water filtration that involves forcing water through a partially permeable membrane that removes ions, minerals, and larger particles. These filters strip the water of pretty much everything, leaving nearly pure water behind. These are the type of filters typically used by hydroponic

================



======= Instance Index 390 =========
Input Text: National parks

Which is the correct answer?
- allow unlimited hunting of endangered species
- are full of pollution
- get very few visitors on a yearly basis
- take measures to protect their animal populations

Target Text: take measures to protect their animal populations

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.906076
Retrieved Text: Us Map with National Parks Elegant 14 Best Usa National Parks Images On Pinterest is a part of Us Map with National Parks pictures gallery. To download this Us Map with National Parks Elegant 14 Best Usa National Parks Images On Pinterest in High Resolution, right click on the image and choose "Save Image As" and then you will get this image about Us Map with National Parks Elegant 14 Best Usa National Parks Images On Pinterest.
This digital photography of Us Map with National Parks Elegant 14 Best Usa National Parks Images On Pinterest has dimension 736 × 682 pixels. You can see another items of this gallery of Us Map with National Parks below. Get interesting article about Us Map with National Parks that may help you.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.7753525
Retrieved Text: The UK's 15 National Parks and Campaign for National Parks are thrilled to announce the winner, runner up and shortlisted entries for the 70th Anniversary Photo Competition.
The UK National Parks and Campaign for National Parks launch new photography competition 'Moment in Time' to celebrate the 70th anniversary of National Parks in the UK.
The UK's 15 National Parks are thrilled to announce the winners for the National Park Volunteering Awards 2018, which are sponsored by Columbia Sportswear.
The UK’s 15 National Parks are delighted to announce the shortlist for the four categories of our National Park Volunteering Awards 2018, which are sponsored by Columbia Sportswear.
The winner and runners up of our 2018 National Parks photography competition Hidden Treasures, with Campaign for National Parks.
Both the Individual and Group category awards for this year went to volunteers from the Brecon Beacons National Park with the Project category award going to New Forest National Park volunteers. The annual awards give recognition and thanks to all the volunteers who work hard, helping protect the special landscapes of Britain’s 15 National Parks each year.
The 2015 winners of the National Parks Voluteer Awards are announced - Individual, young persson, group, category and project winners.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.721977
Retrieved Text: The National Park Service turned 100 on August 25, 2016. To celebrate this centennial, the WIU Libraries will be hosting a series of talks on the national parks by several WIU faculty members. The first talk, on the history of the national parks and National Park Service, will be presented on Tuesday, October 4, 2016, at 7 PM in Malpass Library's Garden Lounge (main floor), by Dr. Greg Hall, Professor of History.
Yellowstone National Park, the first National Park in the world, was established on March 1, 1872, well before the establishment of the National Park Service. The Park Service now manages 413 different units throughout the United States, including 59 national parks, 84 national monuments, as well as national battlefields, military parks, historic sites, and other sites.
Dr. Hall’s talk, “American National Parks: History and Legacy,” will cover the origin and early history of national parks in the United States. He will focus on the role of several people in the history and establishment of the national parks and National Park Service, including John Muir, Gifford Pinchot, President Theodore Roosevelt and early National Park Service officials who were significant to the establishment of national parks and to the early National Park Service. His talk will focus on Yosemite, Yellowstone, Grand Canyon, among others. Issues related to the history of the National Parks which will be discussed include the removal of Native Americans from the parks, conflicts between conservationists and preservationists, and balancing public access with ecosystem health.
Future talks, which are being arranged, will deal with the role

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.718582
Retrieved Text: Favs — 3:10 to Petaluma?
A Very Merry Comfort Christmas!
Happy 70th to the Best Dad Ever!
TBT, Happy Early Birthday to Me! Ed.
TBT, Happy Birthday Mom!! Ed.
Passport to Your National Parks: Redwoods ed.
Passport to Your National Parks: Boston Area ed.
Passport to Your National Parks: Grand Canyon ed.
Passport to Your National Parks: Death Valley ed.
Passport to Your National Parks: Zion ed.
Passport to Your National Parks: Pt. Reyes ed.
Passport to Your National Parks: National Capital Region ed.
Passport to Your National Parks: Arches & Canyonlands ed.
Passport to Your National Parks: Capitol Reef ed.
For Your Enjoyment* #42, POTUS Ed.
For Your Enjoyment #41, The Animal Ed.
For Your Enjoyment #35, Race to the White House 2016 Ed.
For Your Enjoyment #33, April Fools' Ed.
For Your Enjoyment* #28, The Not-At-All-Colorblind Ed.
For Your Enjoyment #26, Thanksgiving Ed.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.658548
Retrieved Text: The Accord, a statement of a shared ambition between the Forestry Commission and National Parks England, will bring together decision makers to ensure woodland is managed sustainably and in line with a natural capital approach.
This will take into account the environmental, social and economic impact of trees and forests and the statutory purposes of our National Parks.
National Parks are already home to a third of the Public Forest Estate in England, and the Accord will also consider how woodland creation grants can be used to sensitively expand wooded areas across these landscapes.
The partnership ensures all woodland will be managed to the highest standards so they are rich in wildlife and protected for future generations to enjoy.
The Accord was launched at the New Forest National Park, where National Parks Minister Lord Gardiner joined Margaret Paren, Chair of National Parks England and Ian Gambles, Director of Forestry Commission England to plant a tree and demonstrate the benefits woodland can bring.
Its launch comes during ‘Discover National Parks Week 2018’ which celebrates the UK’s 15 National Parks.
With more than half of people living within an hour of a National Park, it encourages people to get outside and discover them for themselves.
Margaret Paren, Chair of National Parks England, said: Our National Parks are cultural landscapes cherished for their nature and beauty. This Accord provides the basis for strong partnership working between the Forestry Commission and National Parks.
By working closely together we can ensure public forests in our National Parks are at the forefront of sustainable forest management.
And through adopting high-quality decision-making

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.655952
Retrieved Text: Save money by skipping entry fees on these incredible parks.
Avoid Canyonland National Park's $25 admission fee by visiting on an upcoming free day.
This year, the National Park Service is offering five free admission days. One of those days has already passed, but there are still four more days to get in free at national parks this year.
National Park free days return this month when the park service celebrates National Park Week on April 20. In previous years, Americans got two full weekends of free parks to commemorate the event, but now you can still catch festivities like free museum openings, night sky tours and junior ranger programs this year.
Free days return on Aug. 25 for National Park Service Birthday, Sept. 28 for National Public Lands Day and Nov. 11 for Veteran’s Day. And with limited free time to explore this year, you’ll want to make the most of each one. Consider skipping the entrance fees at these great parks this year.
Utah’s world-famous five-pack of national parks are some of the most visited in the nation for a reason. Of the 60 major national parks in America, these five offer some of the most dramatic landscapes on the continent, and quick access from Salt Lake City and Las Vegas.
Admission to Bryce Canyon and Zion National Parks will usually run thrill-seekers $30 per vehicle, while Grand Staircase Escalante, Arches, and Canyonlands (pictured) cost $25 each. Many of these parks are embroiled in a proposed increase to entry fees that could skyrocket those rates to $70 per vehicle, so

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.616984
Retrieved Text: Why do we have parks? | Discovered ... Right Here!
Why do we have parks?
Why do we have parks? City or national? Have you ever pondered this question? A simple question, I know, but unless you have answer, do you really appreciate our parks – both city and national? Without a conscious appreciation, do you take advantage of your access to public parks?
For varying reasons, we separate a piece of land as a park. We then put it under government control and maintenance. Using their free time, people of varying ages then come and visit these places. At some parks, you explore rural and relatively natural settings. At others you might have a picnic and play ball on the baseball field. Strangers tolerate one another as they cross paths at these public places. Sometimes these strangers make friends with one another, interacting in a friendly manner for the duration of their visits.
Apparently the idea of a “public park” has been around since ancient Greece, and public parks have existed in Europe since the 1200’s. The first public park opened here in the U.S in 1634, in the city of Boston, the Boston Common.
In President Roosevelt’s 1937 dedication of Timberline Lodge he said, “I take very great pleasure in dedicating this Lodge, not only as a new adjunct of our National Forests, but also as a place to play for generations of Americans in the days to come.” President Roosevelt seemed to imply adding to the National Forests served two purposes: to merely add to the national parks

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.5924835
Retrieved Text: This Saturday and Sunday, April 19 and 20, will be fee free days at national parks to celebrate the start of National Park Week.
National Parks – No entrance fees Saturday, November 9 through Monday, November 11. Fee waiver includes: entrance fees, commercial tour fees, and transportation entrance fees. Other fees such as reservation, camping, tours, concession and fees collected by third parties are not included unless stated otherwise.
In honor of National Park Week, all national parks will waive entrance fees April 22-26.
National Parks will waive entrance fees this Friday through Sunday, November 10-12, 2012, in honor of Veterans Day.
National Parks will waive entrance fees this Saturday, September 29, 2012, in honor of Public Lands Day.
While peak fall color hasn’t hit the mountains yet, it could be a great day for a drive through Shenandoah!
Beginning this Saturday for National Parks Week, entrance fees will be waived at over 100 national parks that normally charge them.
The savings continue through April 29. It’s a great time to visit places like Shenandoah National Park or Colonial National Historical Park in Williamsburg.
Virginia State Parks will also offer free admission on Friday, November 11 (Veterans Day), which includes Chesterfield’s Pocahontas State Park.
In addition to many museums nationwide offering free admission for Museum Day, national parks will waive entrance fees this Saturday for National Public Lands Day, the country’s largest single-day effort to spruce up parks and other open spaces.
Here’s where to look for the list of parks in Virginia.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.572032
Retrieved Text: To mark the 70th anniversary of Britain's National Parks, Ordnance Survey have put together a set of images to illustrate the diverse landscapes of each park.
This April marks the 70 years since the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949 was passed in Britain. Since then, 15 National Parks have been created in the UK, the most recent of which, the South Downs, was established in 2010.
To mark the 70th anniversary, Ordnance Survey (OS) Maps have put together a set of images to illustrate the diverse landscapes of Britain’s National Parks.
How big are Britain’s National Parks?
Britain’s National Parks cover a combined area of 23,138 km2 – that’s 10% of Britain’s land and an area a little larger than Wales. There are two in Scotland, three in Wales and ten in England, making them accessible to many of us, no matter where we live. And with an astounding 61,000 km of footpaths weaving through the parks, you’ll never be short of places to explore.
Which is the largest National Park in the UK?
Unsurprisingly, the Pembrokeshire Coast boasts the longest coastline at 418 km, while just six of the parks have no coastline at all: Brecon Beacons, Cairngorms, Dartmoor, Northumberland, Peak District and Yorkshire Dales.
The largest parks are the Cairngorms (4528 km2), Lake District (2362 km2) and Yorkshire Dales (2179 km2). The most densely populated parks are the South Downs, New Forest and Pembrokeshire Coast. And the most footpaths are found in the Lake District (7,189 km), Cairngorms (7,028 km) and South Downs (6,468 km).
Discover National Parks

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.491197
Retrieved Text: National parks and reserves -- Southwestern States -- Guidebooks.
The Resource National parks and reserves -- Southwestern States -- Guidebooks.
1 Items that share the Concept National parks and reserves -- Southwestern States -- Guidebooks.
Context of National parks and reserves -- Southwestern States -- Guidebooks.
Data Citation of the Concept National parks and reserves -- Southwestern States -- Guidebooks.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.455095
Retrieved Text: Corinne Pluchino is the new chief executive of Campaign for National Parks. With her experience in the charitable and private sector, and her passion for the outdoors, Corinne is looking forward to bringing these together to lead the organisation.
What has inspired your passion for National Parks?
I have been inspired by their beauty, tranquillity and variety - they consist of such contrasting landscapes, distinctive histories and diverse ecosystems across England and Wales.
Why do you think the work of Campaign for National Parks is important? And what are you looking forward to taking on?
Campaign for National Parks provides a collective, national voice for those who wish to protect, enhance and promote the National Parks in England and Wales. I am most looking forward to working together with the many individuals and organisations that care and campaign for the National Parks.
What do you see as the big issues facing National Parks?
Four immediately come to mind but there are so many: the importance of landscape scale conservation, securing adequate resources for the Parks, encouraging greater accessibility, and ensuring national policies are reflected in local decision making.
I like to try to understand why things are as they are. I love to read about natural and social history and then to visit different places to bring what I read to life.
And what gets you out of bed in the morning?
The opportunity to experience the extraordinary beauty and wonder of the natural world, and to contribute to its protection, enrichment and appreciation.
Did you know Campaign for National Parks is the ONLY national charity

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.446442
Retrieved Text: Welcome to NATIONAL PARKS WORLDWIDE with the national parks, nature reserves and other protected areas of all countries of the world. National parks are the prime locations of wild and untamed nature; in many countries they are the most exiting places to visit, if you can find them. This website is your first help for getting to the national parks of Libya. In many developing countries, the protected areas are still difficult to get to. That is the reason why local travel agencies are often reluctant to take you there, while others have their own agenda, favoring a lodge in a private reserve with insignificant forest or nature. And yet, with the proper knowledge, transportation and gear, visiting national parks is usually relatively affordable, provided that you don't expect 5 star accommodations.
On this pages you find a list of Libya's protected areas. Criteria for the selection of National Parks of Libya include natural beauty, unique geological features, unusual ecosystems, and recreational opportunities. Enjoy planning your vacation in Libya.
Thank you for visiting Nature Worldwide on Libya. National parks, Nature reserves and Protected areas of Libya provides you with list of all the national parks and other protected areas of Libya. In this linked net of country pages you can find lists of birds, nature, mammals and national parks. National Parks of Libya provides a list of all the the national parks, nature reserves and other protected areas of Libya. In Nature of Libya you can find links to nature related websites, like on birding, birdwatching, general ornithology,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.433542
Retrieved Text: ePromos is here with a variety of promotional products to help you recognize National Recreation and Parks month. Whether its the local picnic area a mile from home or the Yellowstone National Park, national parks are a vital asset to our country. They keep communities green and allow people to take a breath of fresh air in this fast paced world. Some national parks serve as habitat preservation for all different kinds of animal species. They also offer programs that can be healthier alternatives for children and families. We recognize this holiday in July – a perfect month to enjoy a picnic or go sightseeing in one of our national parks. National Recreation and Parks Month also recognizes the volunteers and employees who keep the parks running smoothly.
There are a variety of creative ways that ePromos can assist you in celebrating National Recreation and Parks Month. You can try promotional travel items, logo luggage grips, custom travel pillows, and promotional travel kits. ePromos can help you celebrate National Recreation and Parks Month the right way!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.4282
Retrieved Text: With a countless number of breathtaking vistas, some of the most unique and beautiful trees in the country scattering its landscape, and some of the best rock climbing scrambles in North America within its borders, Joshua Tree National Park may just be one of the most underrated national parks in the US National Parks system.
Joshua Tree may not get all of the press that its sister parks in California get, as parks such as Yosemite, Death Valley, and Redwood are well known around the world. However, that doesn’t mean Joshua Tree National Park isn’t every bit as beautiful or exciting. If you ask any national parks enthusiast who is well versed in all of the national parks in the United States and they will tell you that Joshua Tree National Park is one of the premier national parks in the country.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.426804
Retrieved Text: Our whole goal for taking a year off and traveling this past year was to see as many National Parks and National Park Service sites as we could. While we didn’t get to see as many as we hoped (there’s always vacations in the future!), we were amazed at the beauty in the National Parks we explored. There’s something about our protected public lands that gets in your soul, and speaks to you in ways that you can’t explain. That’s why I really wanted to create a gift guide of best gifts for National Park lovers.
Whether you know someone who has been to the National Parks, or just dreams of being able to travel to them one day, these are the gifts that they’ll love. P.S. Check out my friend Park Ranger John’s site for great info and tips.
Wondering what to get friends, family, co-workers, retirees, RVers, parents, grandparents, or children who love the National Parks? This gift guide has some great ideas that celebrate the National Park System as a whole. Remember, there’s National Parks and National Park sites (such as Historic Sites, National Seashores, etc.) throughout America, so also consider focusing on something that celebrates a local location for them. Or a location that they’ve been to and loved – or are planning a vacation to in the future.
We fell in love with nostalgic posters that harken the early days of the National Parks. There is something so inspiring about a classic illustrated travel poster. So I was thrilled when I started browsing the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.42548
Retrieved Text: Welcome to NATIONAL PARKS WORLDWIDE with the national parks, nature reserves and other protected areas of all countries of the world. National parks are the prime locations of wild and untamed nature; in many countries they are the most exiting places to visit, if you can find them. This website is your first help for getting to the national parks of French Guiana. In many developing countries, the protected areas are still difficult to get to. That is the reason why local travel agencies are often reluctant to take you there, while others have their own agenda, favoring a lodge in a private reserve with insignificant forest or nature. And yet, with the proper knowledge, transportation and gear, visiting national parks is usually relatively affordable, provided that you don't expect 5 star accommodations.
On this pages you find a list of French Guiana's protected areas. Criteria for the selection of National Parks of French Guiana include natural beauty, unique geological features, unusual ecosystems, and recreational opportunities. Enjoy planning your vacation in French Guiana.
Thank you for visiting Nature Worldwide on French Guiana. National parks, Nature reserves and Protected areas of French Guiana provides you with list of all the national parks and other protected areas of French Guiana. In this linked net of country pages you can find lists of birds, nature, mammals and national parks. National Parks of French Guiana provides a list of all the the national parks, nature reserves and other protected areas of French Guiana. In Nature of French Guiana you can find links

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.413079
Retrieved Text: Of late, natural resources have come under threat from expansive civilization in most parts of the world. Flora and fauna or plants and animals are the main resources of the world. This threat to natural resources has made many countries to set up areas of conservation for plants and animals. Most countries in the world refer to such conservation areas as game parks or game reserves. In most countries, national parks are usually under the control of national and county governments.
It is a clear fact that national parks are very important to the economy of any country. Rare plant species and wildlife form the most important living things in most national parks and they are different from one park to the other or from one country to another. It is therefore very common to find many tourists visiting specific countries just to catch a glimpse of such rare phenomena. Tourism is a major foreign exchange earner to most countries that have tourist attraction sites. Income from tourism leads to an increased growth of a country’s Gross Domestic Product (G.D.P).
Attractions in national parks are quite different and diverse. A good example is the presence of rare animal species in national parks found in African countries. Animals like lions, elephants, leopards and buffaloes roam most national parks of African countries. Animal species in other continents happen to be largely those not found in Africa. A good example is the availability of Kangaroos in Australian national parks and the great bison in United States of America.
The modern world has

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.404974
Retrieved Text: The story of Canada's National Parks is just one of the sections in the new Gateway to the Rockies exhibition being developed by the Whyte Museum of the Canadian Rockies. We want your input and feedback on this permanent (ten year life) exhibition that we are planning to open at the Whyte Museum of the Canadian Rockies in the spring of 2012. Tell us what you think of this and the other concepts and stories featured here. Let us know how you think we could make this exhibition more interesting. Please keep in mind that this is a draft of the storyline, not the finished product. As the stories develop, information will be updated.
Canada’s National Parks were established for the people of Canada. J.B. Harkin was a leader in ensuring that a declaration of public rights and the principle of conservation were enshrined in Canada’s National Parks Act. The Parks Service, including the warden service was established to protect the National Parks.
When J.B. Harkin became Commissioner Canada’s new Dominion Parks Branch in 1911, the national parks were essentially the mountain parks we know today as Banff, Jasper, Yoho, Glacier and Waterton. Our first parks developed as part of a broader international context, influenced by earlier parks, primarily Yellowstone National Park in the United States.
In 1885, a reservation of about ten square miles of land was established around the hot springs near Banff, but it was later influenced by Harkin’s vision and leadership, that a true system of national parks developed. The Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) was

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.392495
Retrieved Text: We want to do everything we can to try and preserve our beautiful National Parks - Some of the last pieces of land set aside for observing and interacting with nature, not developing. We believe people want to help, but many times they just don't know where to start. That's were we come in. We created this page to make it easier for people to help the National Parks they love so much. Below are links to a few of the National Parks and Foundations that you can help us support. Our National Parks need all the help we can give. Thank you from all of us at TheMountCo.
National Parks Service: Since 1919, the National Parks Conservation Association has been the leading voice of the American people in the fight to safeguard the scenic beauty, wildlife, and historic and cultural treasures of the largest and most diverse park system in the world. Help us assure the future of our beloved national parks.
Yellowstone National Parks: Yellowstone is a national treasure that needs the ideas, energy, and contributions from many different people to successfully enhance and preserve it for the future. With the launch of the nonprofit Yellowstone Forever, we are building a new model of partnership with the National Park Service, one that will engage more visitors and future stewards than ever before. The opportunities that Yellowstone Forever provides—to experience, connect, and contribute—are the first steps in a lifelong journey for people who want to preserve the park for generations to come.
National Park Foundation: Officially charted by

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.385059
Retrieved Text: There are 3 National Parks in North Dakota which receive over 780 thousand visitors a year. These visitors produce over $50 million in economic benefits from tourism.
North Dakota National Parks include 1 National Heritage Area, 2 National Trails managed by the National Park Service, 439 National Register of Historic Place Listings and 6 National Historic Landmarks.
National Parks in North Dakota also include 4 National Natural Landmarks, 135 places recorded by the Heritage Documentation Program and over 790K objects in the North Dakota National Park museum collections. There are 399 archaeological sites in North Dakota National Parks.
Check out this printable list of US National Parks in alphabetical order to see how many you have been too!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.370795
Retrieved Text: 1. What is the inspiration for this partnership?
2. How does the partnership help Britain’s National Parks?
3. Which National Parks will be involved?
The National Park collection of fragrances is designed to capture, celebrate and promote ‘Britain’s breathing spaces’. Airwick have blended fragrances inspired by the spirit of the National Parks, inviting people to explore and engage with these iconic landscapes. The partnership also helps preserve their heritage by generating funds for vital projects. Through this partnership, Airwick aims to raise awareness about these beautiful areas of protected countryside, and to inspire and encourage those who have never visited to consider doing so.
Airwick wants to raise awareness and directly support the work of UK National Parks through this partnership. Through the partnership, Airwick and Britain’s National Parks aim to invite people to explore and engage with these iconic British landscapes, and extend that message outside of the traditional circles. In addition to raising awareness of the UK National Parks family, the partnership will help generate funds for vital heritage projects. The commitment to community, sustainability and environment of Airwick, through its manufacturer Reckitt Benckiser, makes the brand an excellent choice to strengthen and support the National Parks in their mission to engage young people and families.
For this collection, UK National Parks brings together several Park Authorities to raise the profile of the National Parks. The 2015 spring collection places the spotlight on the following iconic locations: Lake District, Yorkshire Dales, and Peak District.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.370291
Retrieved Text: Looking for a way to reconnect as a family while exploring and learning? Visit a national park for your next family getaway. The National Parks TravelingMom and her three kids have wandered through 41 of the 60 big national parks. After seeing the tallest mountains and the deepest canyons, she shares the 2019 National Park Service fee-free dates.
US National Parks For Free!
National parks offer priceless beauty, and for five days in 2019 the admission price is just that – priceless. Only 118 of the 418 US National Park Service sites charge admission ($3 to $30). And the remaining 300 sites are free to enter year-round.
With iconic destinations like Mount Rushmore National Memorial and Zion National Park, your family can explore the United States’ most distinct spots. Then throw the tent in the SUV and it’s a budget vacation kids will remember for years. Most camping spots are less than $30 a night.
Since the National Park Service charges reasonable entrance fees to the parks, a national park trip is budget friendly. A week in Grand Canyon National Park is $30 for seven days for a carload of people. Even better than cheap is free, so the National Park Service offers several fee-free days sprinkled throughout the year.
Note: Fee-free days do not include user fees like camping, boat launches, shuttle buses and tour fees.
If you plan on visiting several national parks, consider an annual National Park Pass. I’ve been an America the Beautiful Annual Pass holder for years.
The U.S. national parks are an American innovation that the world

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.346327
Retrieved Text: Five campaign groups have sealed a pledge to protect national parks and make them more accessible.
A time capsule containing the pledge was buried in the grounds of a Peak District youth hostel at a gathering to celebrate the 70th anniversary of legislation paving the way for the parks’ creation.
The capsule, which also contained message of support, was placed in the grounds of Castleton youth hostel at Losehill Hall.
Five of the original campaigning groups that were instrumental in moves that resulted in the passing of the National Parks and Access to the Countryside Act 1949 gathered to mark the anniversary of the legislation that led to the setting up of the UK’s national parks.
The Peak District was the first of England and Wales’s parks to be established, two years after the passing of the act.
Representatives of the Campaign for National Parks, Campaign to Protect Rural England, the Open Spaces Society, the Ramblers and the YHA (England and Wales) took part in the event on Friday.
Led by the Campaign for National Parks, the organisations pledged to work together once again to make the 13 National Parks of England and Wales more accessible, as well as to campaign for strengthened protections.
Organisers of the event said, despite their status, national parks face considerable threats from fracking, mining, quarrying, road building, military training and housing developments. There is also the further challenge to make these areas of countryside accessible for everyone.
The 1949 act and the establishment of the national parks is recognised as one of the seminal achievements of the environmental

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.337147
Retrieved Text: Parks Australia looks after Australia’s natural treasures – including Kakadu, Uluru and our beautiful oceans.
We are responsible for six national parks, 58 marine parks and the Australian National Botanic Gardens.
Explore Australia’s national parks and marine parks below.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.3346615
Retrieved Text: Two of Queensland’s national parks have been recognised on National Parks Day by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) as among the Top 10 Reserves of the Decade.
At a presentation ceremony in Brisbane today, Environment Minister Lindy Nelson-Carr said that Diamantina and Astrebla Downs national parks, southwest of Winton, had been recognised for protecting bilbies, one of Queensland's most endangered mammals.
“I’m delighted to accept an award that acknowledges the significance and beauty of Diamantina and Astrebla Downs national parks,” Ms Nelson-Carr said.
“They are home to more than 195 bird species and protect plants and animals that are not found in any other parks and refuges in Australia.
“Endangered species such as bilbies and the recently rediscovered night parrot are found in the parks.
Ms Nelson-Carr said the national parks were also culturally significant to the Maiawali and Karuwali people, showcasing evidence of past Indigenous occupation through rock art, burial sites, fish traps, rock scatters, hearths, rock shelters and scarred trees.
WWF Ambassador and spokesperson Claire Madden said the national parks were significant for a number of reasons.
“They are home to many rare and threatened species including the plains wanderer, kowari, migratory water birds, and protect numerous native plants that are considered vulnerable to extinction,” Ms Madden said.
“Bilbies were once common all over the outback but now they are in serious danger.
National Parks Day marks the anniversary of the declaration of Queensland’s first national park, Witches Falls National Park, on 28 March 1908.
Witches Falls is now part of Mt Tamborine National Park and the total area Queensland’s parks has

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.319576
Retrieved Text: Campaign for National Parks has led a coalition of charities to pledge to protect the National Parks at a special 70th anniversary event in the Peak District.
70 years after an Act of Parliament was passed creating National Parks in the UK, five of the original campaigning organisations have come together once again to pledge to protect and preserve the Parks for future generations and make access for everyone easier.
Campaign for National Parks, Campaign to Protect Rural England (CPRE), the Open Spaces Society, the Ramblers and the YHA (England and Wales) made the pledge as part of a special day of 70th anniversary celebrations at Castleton in the Peak District.
Led by the Campaign for National Parks the only national charity dedicated to campaigning to protect and promote all of the National Parks of England and Wales, the organisations have pledged to work together once again to make the 13 National Parks of England and Wales more accessible, as well as to campaign for strengthened protections.
Despite their status, National Parks face considerable threats from fracking, mining, quarrying, road building, military training and housing developments. Additionally, there is the further challenge to make these beautiful areas of countryside accessible for everyone; themes that were touched on by speakers at this special event including CPRE’s Crispin Truman and YHA’s James Blake.
The creation of National Parks in 1949 is recognised as one of the seminal achievements of the environmental movement from the past 100 years. Today they attract around 100 million domestic and international visitors each year, contributing millions to the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.3007965
Retrieved Text: Maps-India provides maps on all the major aspects of travel and tourism in Rajasthan, including the map on the National Parks in Rajasthan. Rajasthan is a major tourist destination of India because of its vibrant culture, rich heritage, traditions and the world famous national parks. Our map on the national parks in Rajasthan highlights the major national parks in the state that attract a lot of nature lovers and wildlife enthusiasts. The Bharatpur National Park is a world-famous bird sanctuary, known for its migratory Siberian cranes. The Ranthambore National Park is the largest Tiger reserve of the country and has been distinctly pointed out on the Rajasthan National Parks Map.
Find the Desert National Park near Jaisalmer on the map. Rajasthan has a lot to offer in terms of wildlife preserves and our map helps to locate the major national parks in the state.
Maps-India provides online information on maps of Rajasthan and other states of India, and tour booking for Rajasthan. For more information on the map on National Parks in Rajasthan or to book exciting and unforgettable tours to the cities of Rajasthan, please enter your query in the form below.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.297024
Retrieved Text: Last year, more than 13 million people flocked to Canada’s beloved national parks to take in their extensive beauty, rugged landscapes, and rich biodiversity.
We entrust Parks Canada — whose first priority is to preserve national parks’ ecological integrity — to ensure these ecological wonders get the protection they deserve. But as the experience of recent years has shown, this is sometimes easier said than done. In 2012, tens of millions of dollars were cut from Parks Canada’s budget. This funding vacuum left Canada’s national parks vulnerable to increasing pressure from commercial operators seeking to fill the void with development in Canada’s most protected areas. Case and point: Jasper National Park’s Glacier Skywalk.
As most Canadians know, our national parks system is crucial to protecting Canada’s unique biodiversity and natural legacy. It is also a fundamental part of our national identity and cultural heritage. Efforts to preserve the ecological integrity of Canada’s national parks for future generations should be backed by the full weight of the law. That’s why when Maligne Tours received government approval for a concept proposal to build overnight commercial accommodations — a plan that directly contravenes the Jasper National Park Management Plan — enough was enough. Ecojustice and our clients sprang into action.
We went to court on behalf of the Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society and Jasper Environmental Association to argue that Parks Canada’s concept approval set a dangerous precedent that could open the floodgates to further dangerous development and the commercialization of Canada’s national parks.
In February, the Federal Court handed down its decision.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.289971
Retrieved Text: The Passport To Your National Parks® program, launched in 1986, provides information and encourages visitation to all of America’s national parks. It includes a passport book that lists all national parks in the United States and U.S. territories, and provides space for ‘cancellation’ stamps which can be found in almost every national park in the system. The program also encompasses several other supporting publications, such as the Kids’ Passport To Your National Parks Companion® and the Passport to Your National Parks Explorer Edition®, which is a larger, more-detailed version of the original passport book.
A set of adhesive-backed stamps is produced annually, which features one park from each of the nine geographic regions of the program and one national stamp. The photos used on the stamps are taken by park employees and volunteers and are selected through an annual photo contest. Recently, Eastern National published the Passport To Your National Parks® Stamp Series Collector’s Book (1986-2016), as a means of collecting and preserving the annual stamps.
See the full line of Passport products by clicking here.
Proceeds from the sales of Passport products provide funding for vital educational and interpretive programs in America’s national parks. The Passport program is owned and administered by Eastern National, a 501 (c)(3), not-for-profit cooperating association, founded in 1947. Since its founding, Eastern National has donated over $105 million to the National Park Service. Learn more about Eastern National by clicking here.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.28876
Retrieved Text: The main protected areas of Croatia are national parks, nature parks and strict reserves. There are 444 protected areas of Croatia, encompassing 9% of the country. Those include 8 national parks in Croatia, 2 strict reserves and 11 nature parks. The most famous protected area and the oldest national park in Croatia is the Plitvice Lakes National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Velebit Nature Park is a part of the UNESCO Man and the Biosphere Programme. The strict and special reserves, as well as the national and nature parks, are managed and protected by the central government, while other protected areas are managed by counties. In 2005, the National Ecological Network was set up, as the first step in preparation of the EU accession and joining of the Natura 2000 network.
The total area of all national parks in the country is 994 km2 (384 sq mi), of which 235 km2 is sea surface.
Each of the national parks is maintained by a separate institution, overseen and funded by the government ministry of nature conservation and spatial development. The State Institute for Nature Protection provides centralized oversight and expertise.
All eight national parks are located in karst area.
Nature parks is also worth seeing (11) : Park prirode Biokovo, Park prirode Kopački rit, Park prirode Lonjsko polje, Park prirode Medvednica, Park prirode Papuk, Park prirode Telašćica, Park prirode Velebit, Park prirode Vransko jezero, Park prirode Učka, Park prirode Žumberak – Samoborsko gorje and Park prirode Lastovsko otočje.
Strict reserves: Bijele and Samarske stijene and Hajdučki and Rožanski kukovi.
If you come

================



======= Instance Index 105 =========
Input Text: To prevent illness

Which is the correct answer?
- properly heat hamburgers and steaks
- thaw chicken on uncovered counter tops
- eat raw cookie dough
- hamburger meat should stay pink

Target Text: properly heat hamburgers and steaks

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.011068
Retrieved Text: Researchers suggest that high school yoga classes improve psychological well-being and may prevent mental illness onset.
Harvard University researchers wanted to know if yoga might help to prevent the onset of adolescent mental illness.
To test their hypothesis that it might prove psychologically beneficial, they enlisted 51 grade 11 and 12 students at a Massachusetts high school and assigned each to either 10 weeks of regular PE classes or 10 weeks of yoga and meditation classes.
Researchers tested each subject before and after the 10 week classes to asses for changes to overall psychological well-being, mood, anxiety and self regulatory skills.
The researchers call for larger studies to further clarify the psychological benefits of yoga among adolescents, but suggest that since many mental health problems emerge during the teen years, practices like yoga may prevent mental illness onset.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.968395
Retrieved Text: For the safety of children and adults, proper training, information and habits can prevent many accidents. A program to educate the community on ways to avoid accidents and to prevent specific illnesses can be life changing.
Accumulate information on how to prevent injuries to children in one specific way in the home and outside the home and distribute this information widely.
Develop an idea to reduce auto accidents by new teenage drivers.
Distribute widely, information on lifestyle changes to prevent specific illnesses.
Create a support group to help persons afflicted with a specific illness on specific ways to reduce the effects of the illness.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.46888
Retrieved Text: What are symptoms of food-borne illness?
How can I prevent food-borne illness?
What is food-borne bacterial intoxication?
What do I do if I have a food-borne illness?
Does a person feel sick immediately after eating bad (contaminated) food?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.2698
Retrieved Text: Margaret Hannah discusses report findings from Special Legislative Commission to study prevention science and evidence based strategies to promote mental wellness and prevent mental illness.
In March of 2017 Governor Baker authorized a Special Legislative Commission to study prevention science and evidence based strategies to promote mental wellness and prevent mental illness. For 12 months, this 26-member Commission worked with national and local experts and recently issued its report. In this podcast, Margaret Hannah, Executive Director of the Freedman Center at William James College, who was appointed to the Commission, discusses some of the report’s findings.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.255768
Retrieved Text: Meningococcal (meningitis) > Effective vaccine to prevent a serious illness.
HPV/Human Papillomavirus > Prevent genital warts. Now available for women & men.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.220725
Retrieved Text: Influenza (the flu) is a contagious respiratory illness caused by influenza viruses. It can cause mild to severe illness. Serious outcomes of flu infection can result in hospitalization or death. Some people, such as older people, young children, and people with certain health conditions, are at high risk for serious flu complications. The best way to prevent the flu is by getting vaccinated each year.
We provide the flu shot for adults and children 6 months and older. We accept some private insurances (for vaccinations only) along with Medicare and Medicaid. Self pay is $25.00.
Practice Good Health Habits to Prevent the Flu!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.218476
Retrieved Text: Most foodborne illnesses are acute. This means that they happen suddenly and last a short time.
But it can also happen in your kitchen if you leave food out for more than 2 hours at room temperature. Handling food safely can help prevent foodborne illnesses.
Most people with foodborne illness get better on their own. It is important to replace lost fluids and electrolytes to prevent dehydration. If your health care provider can diagnose the specific cause, you may get medicines such as antibiotics to treat it. For more serious illness, you may need treatment at a hospital.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.187318
Retrieved Text: Activists and physicians have worked hard to end punitive responses to addiction and recast it as a chronic illness treatable, in part, with medications like buprenorphine. But the "chronic illness" paradigm raises new questions: How to avoid the stigma and social limitations associated with chronic illness? How to prevent pharmaceutical industry influence over medication assisted treatment (MAT)? This symposium brings together leading scholars of addiction, pharmaceutical, and chronic illness to explore the promises and perils of applying this paradigm to drug dependence and addiction.
This symposium is free and open to the public, please register online.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.180083
Retrieved Text: Researchers say exercise helps to prevent falls in patients with Parkinson's.
Parkinson's disease is a very debilitating condition. A serious problem for patients with this illness is falling.
The University of Stavanger reports that patients with Parkinson's may benefit from exercise. Exercise can help these patients prevent falls.
According to statistics about 25 percent of patients who have recently been diagnosed with Parkinson's had a fall in the first year. It was previously thought that falls came primarily during the later stages of this illness.
Even very simple tasks can cause the brains of patients with Parkinson's to short-circuit. When the signals in the brain get crossed the patient may simply fall over. Falls in the early stage of this disease should be taken seriously because this means these patients are at a greater risk for future falls.
Parkinson’s disease is a chronic disease which has dramatic affects on the nervous system. Many people with this illness have problems walking and maintaining their balance. Tremors and muscle rigidity are also commonly seen with Parkinson's.
Approximately 1 percent of people over 60 years old have Parkinson’s. In people over 70 years old Parkinson's is seen in 4 percent of of population. This disease becomes more and more common with age.
Medication which replaces dopamine in the brain is used to treat Parkinson's. People with this illness no longer produce adequate levels of dopamine naturally. The medication helps to prevent some symptoms of Parkinson's but does not seem to help prevent falls.
It seems that exercise can help Parkinson's patients prevent falls. One study showed patients

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.15934
Retrieved Text: Diarrhea (loose stools) is a common symptom of several infections that can be easily spread to other children or staff in child care settings. Some of these infections result in serious illness. Help prevent infections from spreading at child care - do not allow children to attend child care or preschool with diarrhea or vomiting.
Children or staff with infectious diarrhea are subject to certain exclusions from child care or preschool settings.
Ways to help prevent illness from spreading at child care and preschool.
This manual provides additional information on infectious diseases in child care and school settings, including disease specific fact sheets for child care agencies and schools.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.062116
Retrieved Text: Address reprint requests to R.M.R, Section of Geriatric Medicine, The Cleveland Clinic Foundation, 9500 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, OH 44195.
Between 25% and 60% of older patients in the hospital undergoing care for an acute illness risk some loss of independent physical function. This loss may lead to prolonged hospital stay, nursing-home placement, or death. The risk of functional decline is related to the hospital environment, as well as to the physical frailty of the patient, disease severity, and cognitive impairment.
An interdisciplinary approach may prevent functional decline. The aim is to modify the physical environment, prevent iatrogenic illness, detect and treat functional impairments, promote mobility, assess and treat nutritional problems, and address the patient's personal needs and values.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.036934
Retrieved Text: Minnesota Valley Health Center (MVHC) is asking the public’s help to reduce the spread of the flu and is reminding people that it’s not too late to receive a flu shot.
In early December, some residents in the MVHC nursing home began showing Influenza-Like Illness (ILI). It prompted immediate action throughout the facility to prevent the spread of the illness and keep residents, patients, visitors and staff safe.
Portner noted that in addition to getting the seasonal flu vaccine, there are other steps everyone can take to prevent contracting and spreading the flu. They include covering your cough, washing your hands with warm water and soap or using an alcohol-based sanitizer, staying home if you aren’t feeling well and keeping your children home if they are ill.
The seasonal flu is a contagious respiratory illness caused by influenza (flu) viruses. It can cause mild to severe illness and at times can lead to death. Even if you had a flu shot, you may still get the flu when the flu season arrives because the vaccine is made from the virus subtype that was prevalent in the previous flu season. Sometimes the new vaccine may not match the virus type that is causing flu the next year.
The signs and symptoms of the seasonal flu include fever, cough, sore throat, runny or stuffy nose, body aches, headache, chills and fatigue.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.017103
Retrieved Text: The term complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) has always been quite unsettling for practitioners in this field. The terms don’t necessarily describe these practices very accurately.
For example, ‘complementary’ suggests that these methods are used alongside allopathic practices, which may not be the case for many. ‘Alternative’ suggests that this is a secondary treatment, whereas for many, it may certainly be the primary (and possibly only) source of treatments. And the final term ‘medicines’ suggests taking a supplement instead of adjusting your lifestyle to prevent an illness developing.
However, CAM is the term used to describe therapies such as cupping therapy, reflexology, acupuncture and many others.
So CAM practices are involved in more than simply prescribing a medication for an illness. Rather, CAM practices such as The Cupping Therapy focus on finding the source of the illness and eradicating it from there to help prevent these illnesses from returning or developing further.
How do we do this? By taking the time to understand your illness and looking at several factors in your lifestyle which may be contributing to the condition. At The Cupping Therapy, we focus on removing negative elements from your lifestyle (such as helping you to deal with stress) and recommending the introduction of positive elements (such as improving your diet) so that you can work towards enjoying a higher quality of life with your loved ones.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.994069
Retrieved Text: 1. Use safe water and food.
Certain foods are more frequently associated with foodborne illness. Get informed by knowing the source of your food. Doing so can help you make more informed decisions.
Cleaning food properly can be one of the most important ways to prevent foodborne pathogens. Though it might seem obvious, thorough hand washing before food handling is a must--and cooking and cutting surfaces should always be kept sanitary.
Separation helps prevent cross-contamination. Be careful to separate raw food (particularly meat, poultry, seafood and eggs) from other items when shopping and cooking. Use different cutting boards and utensils for raw and non-raw food.
Cooking food to prevent pathogens boils down to two Ts: temperature and time. Don't rely on your eye--a thermometer is the only proven performer in determining when food has been cooked to the proper temperature. Avoid raw or undercooked egg products--raw cookie dough is included!
It's all about the chill when it comes to slowing down the growth of bacteria (they traditionally love warm temperatures and can grow rapidly at room temperature). Refrigerate raw and perishable foods within two hours or within one hour in very hot weather.
While foodborne illness affects millions of Americans each year, the vast majority of these cases are never reported to public health officials. The act of reporting foodborne illness will protect your friends, neighbors and the general public. Seek medical attention if you are sickened.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.985118
Retrieved Text: to help prevent viral illnesses while they are taking the aspirin. This is because there's a risk of Reye syndrome, a rare but serious illness, in children who take aspirin during a viral illness. Always talk to your doctor before giving any of your kids aspirin.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.969411
Retrieved Text: First Hope Early Identification & Intervention Program was established in September 2012.
Early recognition and treatment is important to prevent or minimizing disability.
A person’s first episode of psychosis can be particularly distressing and confusing.
Early identification of young people between ages 12 and 25 living in Contra Costa County, who are at risk for or showing early signs of psychosis.
Engaging and rapidly treating those identified as "at-risk," while maintaining progress in school, work and in social relationships.
Outreach and community education with the goal of identifying all young people in Contra Costa County who would benefit from early intervention services.
As with heart disease and cancer, treatment is generally most effective and benign in the earliest stages of illness. Delays in treatment are associated with a slower and less complete recovery. As many as half of all cases of psychotic illness can be prevented, but this can only be done by early identification by those who first notice that something is wrong. In other words, you can help prevent mental illness through recognizing the early signs of psychosis.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.841132
Retrieved Text: Suzy Cohen recently put out an article discussing how chronic illness responds to glutathione.
Mostly touting how ahead of the curve she was discussing GSH back in the early 2000s and how only some progressive institutes were using it.
Credit to her, she is still sticking by glutathione for a very simple reason… it works.
You as Glutathione Pathway readers are already well aware of the many benefits of glutathione and more importantly the different effective forms of supplemental GSH. Yet she does provide some pretty great quotes that explain things in a quick and easy way that we found beneficial.
This sums up what we know about oxidative stress and free radical damage. If glutathione is your number one antioxidant and detoxification defense then “taking out the trash” is spot on.
Chronic illness is where we think Glutathione has the most potential to shine. Because there are so many diseases linked to low glutathione levels, including almost all age related illness and even aging itself. Similarly systemic inflammation is a prominent feature of nearly all illness.
This area of study could help further our understanding of diminishing GSH levels and how raising them can have long term health benefits for those trying to prevent or manage their chronic illness. If glutathione can help your body manage inflammation while also detoxing perhaps there are “chronic” illnesses your body might be more well equipped to deal with, even reverse.
Take this a step further and lets suggest a quality glutathione supplement should be considered for those who wish to optimize already good health, maintain

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.813447
Retrieved Text: Use herbal remedies with confidence. The three herbs covered in this video—chamomile, ginger and echinacea—have stood the test of time and are proven to be reliable healers. With certain caveats, these plant medicines are safe and effective. Use them to reduce nausea, calm nerves and prevent the onset of illness. Chamomile is a mild sedative that will also help calm nerves. Drink it as a tea or use it in a soothing bath. To prevent the onset of illness, super dose with echinacea, a powerful immune-booster. Drink ginger tea or ginger ale with real ginger to soothe nausea, morning sickness or motion sickness. Be sure to talk with your health-care practitioner before incorporating any new herbs to your health regimen.
What Are the Health Benefits of Turmeric on Skin?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.813144
Retrieved Text: The Community Mental Health Education Committee works aggressively to promote good mental well-being, prevent mental illness through education, early detection, rehabilitation and de-stigmatization of mental illness. This is done through outreach programmes to schools, markets, motor parks, prisons, police stations, churches, mosques, etc.
The print and electronic media are also used to achieve this goal.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.770557
Retrieved Text: Because most incidences of food-borne illness resulting from Staphylococcus exposure are relatively minor experiences of gastrointestinal distress (onset one to six hours after eating contaminated food; duration of illness approximately 24 hours), many cases of food-borne Staphylococcus infection go unreported. Even so, a minority of individuals suffer severe symptoms, and the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) estimates 241,188 annual cases of illness in the United States alone. Of these, approximately 1,064 cases require hospitalization, and six prove fatal every year. Regulations for the control of Staphylococcus in food products vary by country.
Dr. Betts describes the microbe, which spans over 30 species, as non-motile, facultatively anaerobic, Gram positive, catalase positive spheres that tend to cluster. He indicates that the microbe itself routinely colonizes on host (including human) mucus membranes and skin. The food-borne illness associated with the organism arises from the products of an enterotoxin-producing enzyme-coagulase that illness-causing Staphylococcus species produce as they grow on contaminated food products. This toxin is hearty enough to persist after boiling and/or maintaining heat at 121ºC for several minutes, rendering it almost impossible to eradicate. Furthermore, a food product can test negative (or microbiologically acceptable) for Staphylococcus after cooking or processing but still cause food poisoning since the enterotoxin remains active. While contamination sufficient to produce the toxin requires relatively high numbers of Staphylococcus (105 or 106 per g or ml of food), exposure to a mere 1 µg of the toxin itself can produce sickness.
As with most organisms, the most likely vector for food-borne illness resulting from Staphylococcus is poor

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.763931
Retrieved Text: Siblings of children with an illness must face problems of their own, including changes in the family patterns, concerns about the cause of the illness, and feelings of guilt and anxiety.
A potential lack of parental attention at home due to the ill child's repeated hospitalizations, treatment, or clinic visits.
A disruption of personal and family routines including alternative caregivers, changes in mealtimes, and an inability to keep appointments or promises.
A reduction in parent's emotional availability at a time when siblings need reassurance, inclusion, and attention.
Concerns about the cause of a child's illness may arise due to the sibling's inability to comprehend cause and effect relations. Many siblings may feel as if something they did or did not do caused the illness.
Feelings of guilt and anxiety occur when the family fails to address illness related issues. Siblings are often concerned with whether or not the ill child will be able to cope with the pain and emotional trauma associated with illness, and these fears are compounded if the family does not communicate. In addition, siblings may tend to deep feelings to themselves in order to prevent causing additional stress and worry for parents.
Keeping the lines of communication open regarding each others' feelings and emotions will greatly benefit the entire family. Parents may need to specifically address how siblings are handling a situation before they will open up and share.
In order to prevent any fantasizing on the part of siblings, parents need to be truthful with regards to the child's illness and any potential side-effects, treatments, or behavior changes

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.742706
Retrieved Text: Whether your interest is staying healthy, recovering from illness or coping with a long-term condition, this page will help you find information about the resources and support available near to Henfield. You will find help for families and carers too. Follow the links to see the latest news, learn how to prevent illness and find the organisations that can help.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.698522
Retrieved Text: Why should I call the hotline?
Call 1-877-FOOD-ILL (1-877-366-3455) from within Minnesota.
Or submit your report using the Foodborne and Waterborne Illness Report, our confidential online survey.
Your call to the hotline helps us identify foodborne and waterborne illness outbreaks in Minnesota and prevent the spread of illness to others.
Waterborne illness usually occurs 2 to 14 days after swimming in or drinking contaminated water.
Hotline staff will ask you about your symptoms, and the foods you ate and where you ate them in the 4 days before your illness began. They will also ask if you drank any well water or went swimming in the 2 weeks before your illness.
The Foodborne and Waterborne Illness Hotline is staffed from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday (not including Holidays).
You may also email your illness report to health.foodill@state.mn.us. Please include your name and daytime telephone number in your message.
We will forward your report to the environmental health staff responsible for inspecting the restaurants, delis, grocery stores, pools, lakes, or water systems you mention.
We may ask you for a stool sample so that we can determine what is making you ill.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.690894
Retrieved Text: I recently got a flu shot. I didn’t really look forward to being jabbed with a needle, but I definitely wanted all the help I could get in avoiding influenza.
As a bonus, the shot helped me have a great example to teach my children about money.
You see, I obtained a flu shot to prevent illness. In much the same way, I save money to prevent debt.
WITHOUT equals “risk” If I chose to opt out of receiving a flu shot, I wouldn’t necessarily come down with the flu. However, my risk of illness would be substantially higher. If I chose to opt out of saving money, I won’t necessarily acquire debt. However, my risk of debt has increased. One car breakdown, appliance failure, or missed day of work without any saved money would result in debt.
WITH equals “much less risk” Since I received the shot, my risk of illness from the flu has been greatly reduced. Saving money also reduces the chances of new debt. If I have money saved up, then a refrigerator failure would just be an annoyance instead of a financial catastrophe.
ACTION: Share this illustration with your children to teach them about the importance of saving (and, of course, the importance of a flu shot).

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.679939
Retrieved Text: Foodborne illness often shows itself as flu-like symptoms such as nausea, vomiting, stomach cramps, diarrhea or fever, so many people may not recognize it as a foodborne illness. The severity of the symptoms may depend on the quantity of food that was eaten and the age of the person. Young children and older adults are more susceptible to foodborne illness. People with compromised immune systems also may be more susceptible. The onset of symptoms ranges from a few hours to two or more days after the contaminated food was eaten.
Bacteria or other pathogens on food cause Foodborne illness. Thousands of types of bacteria are naturally present in our environment, but only some bacteria cause disease in humans. Bacteria that cause illness are called "pathogens." When certain pathogens enter the food supply, they can cause foodborne illness.
Estimates of people affected by foodborne illness range from 3.3 million to 12.8 million cases each year and 3900 deaths each year, according to the USDA's Economic Research Service. The reason for the large range is that many people attribute their illness to "24 Hour Flu" and do not report it or seek treatment for foodborne illness.
I think I have a foodborne illness.
If you think you may have a foodborne illness, consult your physician immediately. After seeing your doctor, please contact us. The Health Department wants to know about your illness in order to track trends in the community and prevent further incidences of foodborne illness. We will conduct an investigation at the food establishment to learn more about possible factors.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.677655
Retrieved Text: Heart Harbor Recue, Inc. is seeing great results from our TNR (trap, neuter, release) Program. It has greatly controlled the population in the Miami area.
Heart Harbor Rescues goal is to prevent homeles cats/kittens from suffering abuse, illness and starvation due to overpopulation.
Heart Harbor Rescue provides medical treatment to any cat/kitten that has any injury or illness prior to release.
Please spay and neuter your pets and if you see stray cats/kittens please contact your closest rescue to trap to prevent more unwanted animals.
Heart Harbor Rescue, Inc. rescues dogs and puppies. Until we build our facility we are limited on the amount of dogs we can keep so we work with individuals and other rescues to foster until we find their forever homes. We provide medical treament, spay, neuter and vaccines.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.613395
Retrieved Text: Most of us look forward to our holidays in order to have a break from day-to-day life, so if you fall ill it can be devastating, and may result in your entire holiday being ruined or cut short.
What should I do if I become ill while abroad?
Report your illness to your holiday rep or hotel.
It may be best to isolate yourself to prevent your illness spreading to others.
Document any issues with food or hygiene by taking photos or videos.
Once you return home and are feeling better, then is the time to seek recompense if you feel your holiday was ruined.
The signs of an illness can vary, but it is important to recognise and act quickly so that you can seek the right medical attention and prevent prolonged infection.
How can you prevent sickness abroad?
Plan ahead, make sure you eat healthily on the run up to your holiday to give your body its best chance of fighting back.
Drink plenty of water, but avoid water that has come from the tap.
Avoid ice cubes where possible as they are likely to be from tap water.
Seek shade to prevent sun-stroke.
Avoid food that has been out for a long period of time.
Check that all food is cooked thoroughly and is not reheated or uncovered.
Can I claim for holiday illness?
Yes, but only if you booked a package holiday - in other words accommodation and flight together. This means you are covered by the Package Holiday Regulations.
If you didn't book a package holiday, you may be able to make a claim through your travel

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.570835
Retrieved Text: I have been thinking a lot about the unpredictability of chronic illness. But we can’t change the fact that life and illness and pain changes.
Sunday Selfie: Post your favorite picture of yourself. Don’t be shy, it’s time to shine! I took this while on a vacation at a cabin.
When brain fog Doesn’t prevent you from thinking for once….
End of year reflections: How am I doing.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.568812
Retrieved Text: Wild animals can damage your property and put your family at risk of illness and attack. Protect your family from the damage and dangers of unwanted guests. The Dallas Fort Worth Wildlife Control professionals will safely and humanely remove the animal and provide decontamination and restoration services to prevent further problems. Our experienced animal specialists work to provide safe relocation for every animal that we recover and deliver complete elimination of germs and bacteria in your home. Speak with the Dallas Fort Worth Wildlife Control team by calling (817) 606-7607 or (972) 954-9244 when you’re looking for humane animal control in Hood County, TX.
Our professionals use humane removal techniques such as trapping and exclusion in lieu of methods that involve chemicals and electricity. The Dallas Fort Worth Wildlife Control team can provide animal removal services for all types of wild animals, from possums and raccoons to snakes and bats. We help ensure long-lasting, effective animal control by providing comprehensive inspections of the area to identify any hidden or baby animals. Call (817) 606-7607 or (972) 954-9244 to discuss your animal removal in Hood County, TX today.
Even when the animal has been removed, the feces, hair, and urine left behind still presents a threat for disease and illness. Our experts safely remove all damaged and contaminated material to prevent the spread of harmful bacteria, disease, and illness to your family. The Dallas Fort Worth Wildlife Control professionals can also deliver complete home repair to prevent future guests from entering your home. With our professional home decontamination service,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.552423
Retrieved Text: The flu is a contagious respiratory illness caused by influenza viruses. The best way to prevent the flu is by getting a flu vaccination each year.
CDHD provides the flu vaccine to children from six months through age 18.
The single best way to prevent the flu is to get a flu vaccination each year.

================



======= Instance Index 129 =========
Input Text: Decomposition

Which is the correct answer?
- can make dead organisms rise anew like a phoenix
- is a process completed by predators
- can act as a fertilizer for wild flowers
- is extremely detrimental to the surrounding flora

Target Text: can act as a fertilizer for wild flowers

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.089813
Retrieved Text: Еще значения слова и перевод DECOMPOSITION с английского на русский язык в англо-русских словарях.
Что такое и перевод DECOMPOSITION с русского на английский язык в русско-английских словарях.
More meanings of this word and English-Russian, Russian-English translations for DECOMPOSITION in dictionaries.
DECOMPOSITION — [noun] [U]The corpse was in an advanced stage of decomposition.
DECOMPOSITION — (n.) Repeated composition; a combination of compounds.
DECOMPOSITION — (n.) The state of being reduced into original elements.
DECOMPOSITION — ( n. ) The state of being reduced into original elements.
DECOMPOSITION — ( n. ) Repeated composition; a combination of compounds.
DECOMPOSITION — n. 1. Analysis, resolution, disintegration. 2. Decay, corruption, putrescence, disintegration, crumbling, dissolution, rotting, falling to pieces.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.8138485
Retrieved Text: [Reexported at the root of this crate.] Factorization of real matrices.
Functions for balancing a matrix.
Construction of householder elementary reflections.
The bidiagonalization of a general matrix.
The Cholesky decomposition of a symmetric-definite-positive matrix.
LU decomposition with full row and column pivoting.
Hessenberg decomposition of a general matrix.
LU decomposition with partial (row) pivoting.
A sequence of row or column permutations.
The QR decomposition of a general matrix.
Singular Value Decomposition of a general matrix.
Schur decomposition of a square matrix.
Eigendecomposition of a symmetric matrix.
Tridiagonalization of a symmetric matrix.
Performs a LU decomposition to overwrite out with the inverse of matrix.
Computes the wilkinson shift, i.e., the 2x2 symmetric matrix eigenvalue to its tailing component tnn.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.803812
Retrieved Text: Construct a default LU instance.
Construct a LU instance with given matrix.
Construct a LU instance with given matrix and scaling column-weights.
Compute the LU decomposition of the given matrix.
Compute the LU decomposition of the given matrix with scaling column-weights.
Solve the linear system AX = B using the calculated LU decomposition.
Solve the linear system tr(A)X = B using the calculated LU decomposition.
The last decomposed matrix A.
The last weights used for column scaling.
The lower triangular matrix L in the LU decomposition of the matrix PAQ = LU.
The upper triangular matrix U in the LU decomposition of the matrix PAQ = LU.
The permutation matrix P in the LU decomposition of the matrix PAQ = LU.
The permutation matrix Q in the LU decomposition of the matrix PAQ = LU.
The class that computes the full pivoting Auxiliary struct for storing the LU decomposition of a matrix A.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.695295
Retrieved Text: Design embraces several disciplines dedicated to the production of artifacts and services. These disciplines are quite independent and only recently has psychological interest focused on them. Nowadays, the psychological theories of design, also called design cognition literature, describe the design process from the information processing viewpoint. These models co-exist with the normative standards of how designs should be crafted. In many places there are concrete discrepancies between these two in a way that resembles the differences between the actual and ideal decision-making. This study aimed to explore the possible difference related to problem decomposition.
Decomposition is a standard component of human problem-solving models and is also included in the normative models of design. The idea of decomposition is to focus on a single aspect of the problem at a time. Despite its significance, the nature of decomposition in conceptual design is poorly understood and has only been preliminary investigated. This study addressed the status of decomposition in conceptual design of products using protocol analysis. Previous empirical investigations have argued that there are implicit and explicit decomposition, but have not provided a theoretical basis for these two. Therefore, the current research began by reviewing the problem solving and design literature and then composing a cognitive model of the solution search of conceptual design. The result is a synthetic view which describes recognition and decomposition as the basic schemata for conceptual design.
A psychological experiment was conducted to explore decomposition. In the test, sixteen (N=16) senior students of mechanical engineering created concepts for two alternative tasks. The concurrent think-aloud method

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.645503
Retrieved Text: Abstract Protocols for determining postmortem submersion interval (PMSI) have long been problematic for forensic investigators due to the wide variety of factors affecting the rate of decomposition of submerged carrion. Likewise, it has been equally problematic for researchers to develop standardized experimental protocols to monitor underwater decomposition without artificially affecting the decomposition rate. This study compares two experimental protocols: (i) underwater in situ evaluation with photographic documentation utilizing the Heaton et al. total aquatic decomposition (TAD) score and (ii) weighing the carrion before and after submersion. Complete forensic necropsies were performed as a control. Perinatal piglets were used as human analogs. The results of this study indicate that in order to objectively measure decomposition over time, the human analog should be examined at depth using the TAD scoring system rather than utilizing a carrion weight evaluation. The acquired TAD score can be used to calculate an approximate PMSI.
Preliminary quantitative investigation of postmortem adipocere formation.
Time of submergence using aquatic invertebrate succession and decompositional changes.
Using accumulated degree-days to estimate the postmortem interval from decomposed human remains.
Disappearance of soft tissue and the disarticulation of human remains from aqueous environments.
Cadaver decomposition in terrestrial ecosystems. (2007) David O Carter et al.
Forensic entomology (2004) Jens Amendt et al.
Drowning: still a difficult autopsy diagnosis. (2006) Michel H A Piette et al.
Debugging Decomposition Data—Comparative Taphonomic Studies and the Influence of Insects and Carcass Size on Decomposition Rate (2010) Tal Simmons et al.
The effect of the burial environment on adipocere formation. (2005) Shari L Forbes et al.
The Effect of Repeated Physical Disturbance on Soft Tissue

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.63546
Retrieved Text: Abstract Support vector machines (SVM) decomposition methods were proposed to solve high dimensional and/or large data classification problems. Two major decomposition algorithms: Karush-kuhn-Tucker (KKT) condition based algorithm, and `Joachims' decomposition algorithm are popularly adopted. In this paper, both these two decomposition methods are analyzed and applied into face recognition with three basic mapping kernels. Numerical results showed that: a) face recognition with SVM performs better accuracy than other existed methods; b) the decomposition methods can perform face recognition efficiently; c) Joachims' decomposition method has better accuracy than that of decomposition algorithm based on KKT condition; d) linear kernel can provide much higher recognition accuracy than polynomial and slightly better accuracy than Gaussian radial based function (RBF) kernel; Also due to the fact that the linear kernel method is much simpler than others, it is most suitable for face recognition.
GB/T 7714 Qiao H,Shaoyan Zhang,Bo Zhang,et al. Face recognition using SVM decomposition methods[C],2004.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.532327
Retrieved Text: Coverage path planning is the determination of a path that a robot must take in order to pass over each point in an environment. Applications include de-mining, floor scrubbing, and inspection. We developed the boustrophedon cellular decomposition, which is an exact cellular decomposition approach, for the purposes of coverage. Essentially, the boustrophedon decomposition is a generalization of the trapezoidal decomposition that could allow for non-polygonalobstacles, but also has the side effect of having more “efficient” coverage paths than the trapezoidal decomposition. Each cell in the boustrophedon decomposition is covered with simple back and forth motions. Once each cell is covered, then the entire environment is covered. Therefore, coverage is reduced to finding an exhaustive path through a graph which represents the adjacency relationships of the cells in the boustrophedon decomposition. This approach is provably complete and experiments on a mobile robot validate this approach.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.478838
Retrieved Text: EUDML | Handbook Series Linear Algebra. Singular Value Decomposition and Least Squares Solutions. EuDML | Handbook Series Linear Algebra. Singular Value Decomposition and Least Squares Solutions.
Handbook Series Linear Algebra. Singular Value Decomposition and Least Squares Solutions.
GOLUB, G.H., and REINSCH, C.. "Handbook Series Linear Algebra. Singular Value Decomposition and Least Squares Solutions.." Numerische Mathematik 14 (1970): 403-420. <http://eudml.org/doc/131963>.
TI - Handbook Series Linear Algebra. Singular Value Decomposition and Least Squares Solutions.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.459045
Retrieved Text: Several attributes might influence the decomposition process of fire-killed trees. Here, we tested various tree and plot-level variables on the decomposition rate of fire-killed black spruce (Picea mariana (Mill.) BSP) in the northern boreal forest. Data were collected from 474 individuals burned 17 years prior to sampling. Mean decomposition rate was relatively slow (k = 0.013) and was lowest for severely burned snags (k = 0.001) and highest for lightly burned logs (k = 0.027-0.036). Vertical position and fire severity were the most important variables influencing the decomposition rates, while plot-level variables were marginally significant. Both predictors strongly influenced the moisture content of fire-killed trees. Logs with greater contact with the ground and lightly burned trees had higher moisture content and faster decomposition rates. Very severely burned trees had lower moisture content because of faster bark shedding. This hampered the decomposition process by slowing the snag falling rate. Higher decomposition rates in lightly burned trees may result from greater colonization by early xylophagous species. By having a considerable impact on the decomposition of woody debris, fire severity may strongly influence many post-fire biological processes related to the woody necromass as well as carbon emission from burned stands.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.436477
Retrieved Text: ZATOICHI ACTION VIDEOS Birman, download domain decomposition methods in science and of the Molien tomography pavement for names of lifetime methods, J. Physics 18( 1977), 1459-1464. MacWilliams, A site on the service of tests in a Prime , Bell System Tech. Sloane, Generalization of Gleason's west on love languages of wry students, IEEE Trans. Sloane, On the numbers of a topological download domain decomposition methods in science and of Yiddish 336, Proc. Dickson, Theory and state of amazing images, Dover, New York, 1961. DC; examples do Invarianten der linearen Substitutionsgruppe, Sitzungsber. FC; r Gruppen, Graphen download chemische Verbindungen, Acta Math. Winternitz, geological wonderful users for collection scholars, J. Redfield, The fiction of new philosophies, Amer. Riordan, An coast to European email, Wiley, New York, 1958. Ryser, pertinent Solutions, Carus Math. 11, Springer-Verlag Berlin, 1965. Todd, Latin observational research classes, Canad. Sloane, Error-correcting curves and aggregate download domain decomposition: exciting rites of a language stage, Amer. proposal, lot and desert for animated groups, J. Algebra 21( 1972), 149-173. Solomon, readers of practical collaboration books, Nagoya Math. Solomon, download domain decomposition methods in modules and mics of French humans, J. Springer, extraordinary groups of musical evolution associates, Invent. download domain decomposition methods in science and engineering: structural bottomless guides, popular Bloody Mary prevention. How are more Topics Also see about this download domain? 95 trivial Bloody Marys. This such Hollywood download domain decomposition methods in science and engineering is the classic to be around, walk parts, and read your off-topic professional life. download domain decomposition methods in: Southern

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.425448
Retrieved Text: OSTI.GOV Conference: Higher Order Joint Moment Tensor Decomposition.
Title: Higher Order Joint Moment Tensor Decomposition.
Conference: Proposed for presentation at the SIAM Conference on Parallel Processing for Scientific Computing held March 7-10, 2018 in Tokyo, Japan.
Kolla, Hemanth, Konduri, Aditya, Rai, Prashant, Kolda, Tamara G., and Davis, Warren Leon,. Higher Order Joint Moment Tensor Decomposition.. United States: N. p., 2018. Web.
Kolla, Hemanth, Konduri, Aditya, Rai, Prashant, Kolda, Tamara G., & Davis, Warren Leon,. Higher Order Joint Moment Tensor Decomposition.. United States.
Kolla, Hemanth, Konduri, Aditya, Rai, Prashant, Kolda, Tamara G., and Davis, Warren Leon,. Thu . "Higher Order Joint Moment Tensor Decomposition.". United States. https://www.osti.gov/servlets/purl/1499845.
Symmetric Tensor Decomposition via a Power Method for the Generalized Tensor Eigenproblem.
Conference Mayo, Jackson ; Kolda, Tamara G.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.385673
Retrieved Text: Let G and H be graphs. A G-decomposition D of a graph H is a partition of the edge set of H such that the subgraph induced by the edges in each part of the partition is isomorphic to G. It is well known that a graceful labelling (or more generally a rho-valuation) of a graph G induces a cyclic G-decomposition of a complete graph. We will extend these notions to that of a general valuation in a cyclic group. Such valuations yield decompositions of circulant graphs. We will show that every graph has a valuation and hence is a divisor of arbitrarily large circulant graphs.
Let D be a G-decomposition of H. The intersection graph generated by the decomposition D, denoted I(D), has a vertex for each part of the partition and an edge if the parts of the partition share a common node in H. While the problem of determining whether a G-decomposition of H exists is a well-studied one, the structure of the resulting intersection graph has not been the subject of much research. As such, we are interested in the structure of these graphs. Of specific interest is whether there exist H, G, and a G-decomposition of H such that the resulting intersection graph is isomorphic to H. A decomposition D such that I(D)=H is said to be automorphic (``self-shaped''). If a graph H is able to host an automorphic decomposition, then we say that H is an automorphic host. Similarly, if there exists an H such that there exists an automorphic G-decomposition

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.377437
Retrieved Text: Controversial conclusions from different studies suggest that the decomposition of old soil organic matter (SOM) is either more, less, or equally temperature sensitive compared to the younger SOM. Based on chemical kinetic theory, the decomposition of more recalcitrant materials should be more temperature sensitive, unless environmental factors limit decomposition. Here, we show results for boreal upland forest soils supporting this hypothesis. We detected differences in the temperature sensitivity 1) between soil layers varying in their decomposition stage and SOM quality, and 2) inside the layers during a 495 day laboratory incubation. Temperature sensitivity increased with increasing soil depth and decreasing SOM quality. In the organic layers, temperature sensitivity of decomposition increased during the early part of a 495 day laboratory incubation, after respiration rate and SOM quality had notably decreased. This indicates that decomposition of recalcitrant compounds was more temperature sensitive than that of the labile ones. Our results imply that Q10 values for total heterotrophic soil respiration determined from short-term laboratory incubations can either underestimate or overestimate the temperature sensitivity of SOM decomposition, depending on soil layer, initial labile carbon content and temperature range used for the measurements. Using Q10 values that ignore these factors in global climate models provides erroneous estimates on the effects of climate change on soil carbon storage.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.377092
Retrieved Text: III this thesis, image coding methods for two basic image types are developed under a digitized library framework. The two image types are gray tone or color images, and binary textual images, which are the digitized image versions of text documents. The grciy tone images are encoded using an adaptive subband decomposition followed by zerotree quantizers. The adaptive sub- l)and decomposition filter bank adaptively updates the filter bank coefficients in which the values of one of the subbands is predicted from the other sub- band. It is observed that the adaptive subband decomposition performs better than a regulcir subband decomposition with a fixed filter bank in terms of compression. For the binary textual images, a compression algorithm using binary subband decomposition followed by a textual image compression (TIC) method that exploits the redundancy in repeating characters is developed. The binary subband decomposition yields binary sub-images, and the TIC method is applied to the low band sub-image. Obtaining binary sub-images improves compression results as well as pattern matching time of the TIC method. Simulation results for both adaptive subband decomposition and multiresolution TIC methods indicate improvements over the methods described in the literature.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.323509
Retrieved Text: Anthropogenic nutrient enrichment of aquatic ecosystems is prevalent and can have detrimental effects on biological condition. Many of these effects have been attributed directly or indirectly to changes in autotrophic processes. However, in detrital-based streams changes in course detrital stoichiometry and decomposition have been related to changes community structure and production at higher trophic levels highlighting the importance of considering the heterotrophic microbial responses to enrichment. Leaf litter stoichiometry, which is determined in part by the tree species source and the microbial communities that comprise the associated biofilm, is likely related to decomposition rates, but few studies examine these variables in combination across a nutrient concentration gradient. Dissolved inorganic phosphorus (DIP) (0, 10, 25, 50, 75, 100, 250, 500, 1000, 2000 µg/L DIP) and litter type (sugar maple and post oak) were manipulated in a 210 day laboratory microcosm study to determine their effect on litter C:P and decomposition rates and to examine their effects on short duration measures of respiration and alkaline phosphatase activity (APA) taken on several dates spanning the decomposition process. I found that C:P declined and decomposition rates increased in a saturating relationship along the DIP gradient indicating P-limitation of decomposition at low DIP concentrations. Saturation values for maple and oak C:P and decomposition rates were 500 and 830 and 0.0085 + 0.0005 and 0.0029 + 0.0002, respectively. Litter C:P saturation DIP concentrations saturated at approximately 80 µg/L for both litter types, while decomposition rates saturated at less than 25 µg/L for both litter types. APA and respiration rates were not correlated,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.311801
Retrieved Text: Contract Laboratory has received the following decomposition energy Laboratory Requests which need to be fulfilled! These decomposition energy Laboratory Requests are received from a variety of sources ranging from start-up companies to large, multinational Fortune 500 corporations, international organizations, well-respected universities and government agencies that are actively seeking Labs to perform their decomposition energy Laboratory and Scientific Research. If you need a decomposition energy Laboratory, please Submit a decomposition energy Laboratory Request. If you need assistance or have questions contact us online or call toll free 1-855-377-6821. Please log in to see more.
Power and Energy company needs Saudi Arabia Industrial Hygiene laboratory for industrial hygiene monitoring sample analysis or testing.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.259906
Retrieved Text: In order to real-time monitor reservoir decomposition state during hydrate exploitation, a multi-electrode resistivity logging is designed based on electrostatic field theory and the layout characteristics of monitoring well. The system was applied for a gas-production prospect field in the Shenhu area, of the South China Sea, for which geological models and resistivity models were established for target reservoirs in different production stages, to evaluate the detection capability of hydrate decomposition and its variation. Resistivity sections of different electrode arrays were simulated, and the resistivity sections were compared for the analysis of reservoir decomposition. The results indicate that the resistivity or relative resistivity sections detected by the dipole-dipole array could determine accurately the interface of reservoirs of different saturation degrees and the range of hydrate decomposition, and the error of decomposition zone boundary could reach within 0.5m. Therefore, the multi-electrode resistivity logging could monitor the reservoir decomposition effectively in high resolution and low cost, and its application shall be promising and the research value significant.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.230871
Retrieved Text: Decomposition Tree in SharePoint 2010?
Home / What is Decomposition Tree in SharePoint 2010? / Tag: Decomposition Tree in SharePoint 2010?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.184162
Retrieved Text: Thomas, John T and Krishnamurthy, VN and Nandi, US (1979) Thermogravimetric and mass-spectrometric study of the thermal decomposition of PBCT resins. In: Journal of Applied Polymer Science, 24 (8). pp. 1797-1808.
The thermal decomposition of three commercial samples of carboxy-terminated polybutadiene (PBCT) resins was studied by thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) at heating rates varying from 2° to 100°C/min. Kinetic parameters of the decomposition process at different heating rates were evaluated by means of the Fuoss method.1 The decomposition process and the activation energy values are found to be dependent on heating rate. Mass-spectrometric analysis of the decomposition products shows that the pyrolysis products of PBCT resins are mainly low molecular weight hydrocarbons: ethylene, acetylene, butadiene, propadiene, vinylcyclohexene, etc. The rates of evolution of these hydrocarbon products vary with the carboxy content of the PBCT resin. Based on this, a carbonium ion mechanism has been suggested for the thermal decomposition. The data generated from this work are of importance for a consideration of the mechanism of combustion of composite solid propellants based on PBCT binders.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.181945
Retrieved Text: Decomposition cleanup services are critical at the site of a crime scene or tragedy where human remains must be removed. It requires thorough professional cleaning of the area and disinfecting it to remove odor, bodily fluids, blood and tissue.
For 24/7 decomposition cleanup services call ServiceMaster in Santa Cruz at 831-459-0110.
The decomposition of a body begins approximately 4 minutes following death.
Decomposition cleanup must be done by professionally trained contamination removal technicians in order to safely and effectively eliminate all biological and chemical contaminates.
Often, death can be discovered after some time, causing the contamination of structures, furnishings and personal items.
If left unattended, bodily fluids, blood and odor can cause serious health issues for you, your family and your employees.
Decomposition cleanup technicians will properly remove, clean and dispose of any substance that has been infected, and restore normalcy to your premises.
When human remains are involved, it’s crucial that you call in decomposition cleanup specialists right away. This type of cleanup job should only be handled by certified technicians who have the specialized equipment needed to remove all traces of body fluids, blood and odor. Using pressure wash and vacuum recovery of the blood and waste water at the same time, we minimize the time taken to cleanup and effort required to dispose of hazardous bio-waste. We use these specialized techniques to remove staining from concrete and asphalt, so the public is not exposed to unsightly marks long after the traffic accident cleanup is complete.
ServiceMaster in Santa Cruz decomposition cleanup technicians are available on call 24/7. Call 831-459-0110.
Every decomposition cleanup

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.169017
Retrieved Text: Organic peroxides are used in synthetic resins, synthetic rubber, resin modifier, organic synthetic oxidant, as initiator, curing agent, crosslinking agent, using its catalysis, solidification, deodorization, bleaching, Organic Peroxides anti-corrosion disinfection, widely used in FRP, man-made marble, high-grade furniture, food and other industries.
Organic peroxide is a derivative of one or two hydrogen atoms substituted by organic groups in hydrogen peroxide, and its general formula is r-o-o-r. Since the first synthesis of benzoyl peroxide in 1858, Organic Peroxides Brudie has undergone more than 100 years of history. At present, there are more than 70 kinds of organic peroxide which have been industrialized abroad.
Organic peroxide refers to the molecular composition of organic compounds containing peroxide, its own flammable and explosive, very easy to decompose, heat, Organic Peroxides vibration and friction is extremely sensitive.
(1) has a strong oxidation effect.
(2) has the natural decomposition nature, in 40 ℃ above, most peroxide active oxygen reduces.
(3) Acid and alkaline substances can promote decomposition. Organic Peroxides Strong acid and alkali metals, alkaline earth metal hydroxide (solid or high concentration aqueous solution) can cause violent decomposition.
(4) The organic peroxide and redox system compounds of Fe, Organic Peroxides CO and MN significantly promote the decomposition.
(5) strong reduction of amine compounds and other reducing agents significantly promote decomposition.
(6) Iron, lead and copper alloy can promote its decomposition.
(7) Rubber can promote its decomposition.
(8) Friction, vibration or impact storage container caused by local temperature rise, Organic Peroxides can promote decomposition.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.160566
Retrieved Text: LU Decomposition takes more computational time than Gaussian Elimination! What gives?
If you are solving a set of simultaneous linear equations, LU Decomposition method (involving forward elimination, forward substitution and back substitution) would use more computational time than Gaussian elimination (involving forward elimination and back substitution, but NO forward substitution).
So why use and waste time talking about LU Decomposition?
Because, LU Decomposition is computationally more efficient than Gaussian elimination when we are solving several sets of equations with the same coefficient matrix but different right hand sides. Case in point is when you are finding the inverse of a matrix [A]. If one is trying to find the inverse of nxn matrix, then it implies that one needs to solve n sets of simultaneous linear equations of [A][X]=[C] form with the n right hand sides [C] being the n columns of the nxn identity matrix, while the coefficient matrix [A] stays the same.
So for LU decomposition method used to find the inverse of a matrix, the computational time is proportional to . Remember that the forward elimination only needs to be done only once on [A] to generate the L and U matrices for the LU decomposition method. However the forward and back substitution need to be done n times.
Now for Gaussian Elimination used to find the inverse of a matrix, the computational time is proportional to . Remember that both the forward elimination and back substitution need to be done n times.
Hence for large n, for LU Decomposition, the computational time is proportional to , while for

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.1567955
Retrieved Text: LU decomposition of a multidimensional rectangular matrix.
The LuDecomposition type exposes the following members.
Constructs a new LU decomposition.
Returns the log-determinant of the matrix.
Returns the lower triangular factor L with A=LU.
Returns if the matrix is non-singular (i.e. invertible). Please see remarks for important information regarding numerical stability when using this method.
Returns the pivot permutation vector.
Computes (Xt * X)^1 (the inverse of the covariance matrix). This matrix can be used to determine standard errors for the coefficients when solving a linear set of equations through any of the Solve(Double) methods.
Solves a set of equation systems of type A * X = I.
Reverses the decomposition, reconstructing the original matrix X.
Solves a set of equation systems of type A * X = B.
Solves a set of equation systems of type X * A = B.
For an m-by-n matrix A with m >= n, the LU decomposition is an m-by-n unit lower triangular matrix L, an n-by-n upper triangular matrix U, and a permutation vector piv of length m so that A(piv) = L*U. If m < n, then L is m-by-m and U is m-by-n.
The LU decomposition with pivoting always exists, even if the matrix is singular, so the constructor will never fail. The primary use of the LU decomposition is in the solution of square systems of simultaneous linear equations. This will fail if Nonsingular returns .
If you need to compute a LU decomposition for matrices with data types other than double, see LuDecompositionF, LuDecompositionD. If you need to compute a LU decomposition for a jagged matrix, see JaggedLuDecomposition, JaggedLuDecompositionF,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.147169
Retrieved Text: Abstract—This paper presents a robust image watermarking scheme for copyright protection of digital images. In this work, Schur decomposition of host image is explored for watermarking . Watermark image is embedded in the two decompositions of Schur decomposition. Schur decomposition is computationally faster and robust to image attacks than Singular Value Decomposition (SVD). Watermark image is embedded in the D component using scalar quantization. A copy of the watermark is embedded in the columns of U matrix using comparison of the coefficients with respect to the watermark image. Since same watermark is embedded in both U matrix and D matrix the robustness is improved. The proposed algorithm is more secure and robust to various attacks, viz., JPEG2000 compression, JPEG compression, rotation, scaling, cropping, row-column blanking, row-column copying, salt and pepper noise, filtering and gamma correction. Superior experimental results are observed with the proposed algorithm over a recent scheme proposed by Chung et al. in terms of Normalized Cross correlation (NCC) and Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR).
Index Terms—Schur decomposition, SVD decomposition,PSNR, and NCC.
B.Chandra Mohan is with ECE department, Bapatla Engineering College,Bapatla. He can be reached at chandrabhuma@gmail.com.
K.Veera Swamy is with ECE department, QIS College of Engineering and Technology, Ongole. He can be reached at kilarivs@yahoo.com.
Cite: B.Chandra Mohan and K.Veera Swamy, "On the use of Schur Decomposition for Copyright Protection of Digital Images," International Journal of Computer and Electrical Engineering vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 781-787, 2010.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.123886
Retrieved Text: 안녕하세요, 저는 2017년 5월부터 GNOME Foundation Member가 된 성대현입니다.
Hello, I’m DaeHyun Sung(성대현,成大鉉), I am the GNOME Foundation Member since May 2017.
저는 GNOME characters(그놈 문자표)의 한글 음절의 정준분해의 버그를 수정하여 제출하였고, 제출한 제안은 소스코드와 CHANGELOG에 반영되었습니다.
I submitted to fix the Korean alphabet, Hangul Canonical Decomposition bugs on GNU libunistring & GNOME characters. also My suggestion accepted by both GNU libunistring and GNOME characters committers.
2017년 9월 2일, GNOME Korea(그놈 한국)에서는 GNOME 20주년 파티 및 GNOME 한국의 한국어 번역 해커톤이 열렸습니다.
GNOME Korea made a meetup, GNOME 20th anniversary and GNOME Korea’s Korean Translation Hackathon in Seoul, Korea in Sept. 2nd.2017.
First, GNOME Korea’s GNOME 20th anniversary party and Korean Translation Hackathon. Last, GNOME characters on screen.
이때 저는 GNOME characters의 번역을 보다, GNOME characters의 한국어 한글 음절의 자모 분리 버그를 확인하였습니다.
I found the Korean alphabet, Hangul’s Syllables canonical decomposition bug on GNOME characters.
저는 GNOME Asia가 열린 중국 중경(中國 重慶/中国 重庆/Chongqing, China🇨🇳)에 갔다온후 GNU libunistring의 한글 음절(Hangul Syllable)에 대한 정준분해(Canonical Decomposition) 버그(bug)를 수정하였습니다.
추가작업으로 GNOME-character의 선택된 한글 음절(Hangul Syllable)에 대한 정준 분해(Canonical Decomposition)에 대한 노출작업(초성은 이미 프로그램상 노출되었으나, 중성, 종성에 대한 노출작업)을 진행하였습니다.
Also, I fixed the Korean Hangul Syllables Canonical decomposition on GNOME characters.
유니코드 컨소시엄(Unicode Consortium)은 한국어의 문자(음절)에 대해 정준분해를 정의하였고, 코드 예제를문서로 작성하였습니다.
Unicode Consortium defined the Korean Hangul characters(Syllables) canonical decomposition and also wrote the code examples on Unicode Standard Core Specification.
아래는 GNU libunistring의 한글의 정준분해에 대한 코드 예제입니다.
저는 “#if 1”에 대한 구문이 왜 필요한지에 대한 문제제기를 하였습니다.
이후, 저는 Unicode Consortium에 작성된 문서를 근거로 전체 정준분해에 대한 diff파일을 만든 후에 GNU libunistring개발자에게 메일로 수정내역을 전달하였습니다.
That code(the source code part of #if 1)

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.095452
Retrieved Text: Ghosh, Jayanta and Bhattacharya, Atanu (2016) Prediction of electronically nonadiabatic decomposition mechanisms of isolated gas phase nitrogen-rich energetic salt: Guanidium-triazolate. In: CHEMICAL PHYSICS, 464 . pp. 26-39.
Electronically nonadiabatic decomposition pathways of guanidium triazolate are explored theoretically. Nonadiabatically coupled potential energy surfaces are explored at the complete active space self-consistent field (CASSCF) level of theory. For better estimation of energies complete active space second order perturbation theories (CASPT2 and CASMP2) are also employed. Density functional theory (DFT) with B3LYP functional and MP2 level of theory are used to explore subsequent ground state decomposition pathways. In comparison with all possible stable decomposition products (such as, N-2, NH3, HNC, HCN, NH2CN and CH3NC), only NH3 (with NH2CN) and N-2 are predicted to be energetically most accessible initial decomposition products. Furthermore, different conical intersections between the S-1 and S-0 surfaces, which are computed at the CASSCF(14,10)/6-31G(d) level of theory, are found to play an essential role in the excited state deactivation process of guanidium triazolate. This is the first report on the electronically nonadiabatic decomposition mechanisms of isolated guanidium triazolate salt. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.0916815
Retrieved Text: 1,3-Diphenoxypropane has been prepared and its decomposition under various acid conditions has been studied. By refluxing with aluminium chloride in benzene, a good yield of chroman has been obtained. These optimum conditions have been applied to the decomposition of other 1,3-diphenoxypropanes and it has been found that good yields of substituted chromans are obtained from diethers containing electron donating or weakly electron withdrawing substituents which do not react with the catalyst. From the decomposition of related compounds under the same conditions, it has been shown that such a cyclisation reaction is limited to a propyl alkyl chain. 3-Anilinopropyl phenyl ether has been prepared and decomposed to give some N-phenylazetidine, rather than the expected 1,2,3,4-tetrahysroquinoline, under the standard decomposition conditions. The possible reaction paths for the chroman forming reaction are discussed and an investigation of the relative rates of decomposition of some 1,3-diphenoxypropanes has led to confirmation of a predicted synchronous mechanism.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.0909
Retrieved Text: Wetlands are among the world’s most effective ecosystems for carbon sequestration by trapping and storing greenhouse gasses naturally. Maintenance or loss of wetland ecosystems will therefore have profound impact on the Earth’s climate.
– i.e. why (and how) do some wetlands sequester carbon better than others, and thereby helping offset the atmospheric CO2 pool?
Plant litter decomposition is the key process in the early sequestration/emission stage of the carbon cycle. At the foundation, microbial soil communities dictate the fate of the carbon, whether it be sequestered carbon or carbon emitted as carbon dioxide.
TeaComposition H2O, is a global-scale analysis of litter decomposition within wetland ecosystems using household tea bags or Tea Decomposition.
The approach involves a novel, scientific technique for measuring carbon decomposition at low cost with the use of tea bags (Keuskamp et al. 2013; doi: 10.1111/2041-210X.12097). Two tea types (green and red, made by Lipton) with contrasting decomposability will serve as a model plant litter to elucidate microbial carbon cycling across ecosystems and climatic regions. The focus will be (1) to track the biomass and carbon loss during decomposition, and (2) analyze the microbial communities driving the decomposition process.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.033407
Retrieved Text: "A Graph-based Approach to Symbolic Functional Decomposition of Finite " by Piotr Szotkowski, Mariusz Rawski et al.
This paper discusses the symbolic functional decomposition method for implementing finite state machines in field-programmable gate array devices. This method is a viable alternative to the presently widespread two-step approaches to the problem, which consist of separate encoding and mapping stages; the proposed method does not have a separate decomposition step instead, the state's final encoding is introduced gradually on every decomposition iteration. Along with general description of the functional symbolic decomposition method's steps, the paper discusses various algorithms implementing the method and presents an example realisation of the most interesting algorithm. In the end, the paper compares the results obtained using this method on standard benchmark FSMs and shows the advantages of this method over other state-of-the-art solutions.
Posted with permission from the Wrocław University of Technology, all rights reserved. You may download, display, print and reproduce this material in unaltered form (attaching a copy of this notice) for your personal, non-commercial use. The Wrocław University of Technology reserves the right to revoke such permission at any time.
Szotkowski, P., Rawski, M., Selvaraj, H. (2009). A Graph-based Approach to Symbolic Functional Decomposition of Finite State Machines. Systems Science, 35(2), 41-47.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.989832
Retrieved Text: fermentation - Decomposition of organic substances by organisms, especially bacteria and yeasts. E.g. decomposition of sugar forming ethyl alcohol and carbon dioxide by yeast in making of wine; or of ethyl alcohol forming acetic acid in making of vinegar. Not usually applied to decomposition of proteins, which is called putrefaction. Sometimes means anaerobic respiration.

================



======= Instance Index 193 =========
Input Text: Which is recyclable

Which is the correct answer?
- fiberglass
- soda can
- Styrofoam food container
- motor oil

Target Text: soda can

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.144121
Retrieved Text: Think of you've just bought an oak dining table (or perhaps you actually just have). Surely you see this fine little bit of dining room furniture as a great investment that will stay in your family and household for a long time. Do you know methods to care for it and how to retain it looking like new for years to come? Solid oak food tables can dominate a room and impose its amazing presence upon all those who have enter it. The only problem with an excellent oak dining table (and the majority of wooden tables) is that they need occasional care and awareness of keep them fresh and healthy and balanced (unlike plastic or metal which only require cleaning). While you might not realize it, one of the most deadly (and unexpected) killers of your solid oak dining room table is heat and warm air (i. e. humidity). The effects of this on your dining room table are that it will start to crack and become disjointed. It may also trigger your table to appear slightly more pale than usual. This kind of shouldn't be a problem as long as your property is air conditioned (you wish to have your dining room constantly at around 65-75 degrees). Dealing with low humidity is a a bit harder problem (as this is the real stealth killer). If you think like your wooden dining room table may be suffering go out and buy a humidifier machine which tools out water into the air and leaves the room

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.04845
Retrieved Text: If it is your own business or company, it is your responsibility to ensure that your packaging does complete justice to your products as well as your customers. Recyclable packaging is one of those options which is all about sustainable packaging, protection to products, as well as helps in building your brand image. If you are still considering recyclable packages for your business, here are some ways your business can benefit from such packages.
There are different kinds of recyclable packages available. You need to get in touch with a company that offers good quality packaging material, for the benefit of your company.
Recyclable packaging helps in reducing waste by simply removing excess packaging. In fact, it is the clearest strategy that helps in streamlining your packaging design. If you can remove excess packaging from your shipments, you will be able to save money as your shipments are lighter. It is known that the Coca Cola Company made a profit of more than $180 million after they adopted lightweight packages for their business.
With recyclable packaging you can improve the brand image for your company. This is because users are now aware of environmental damage due to excessive dumping of waste. Everyone wishes to reduce their carbon footprint. Companies which are adopting environmental friendly packages or recyclable packages can win over customer confidence in more than one way. In fact, it is the desire of the buyers to select eco-friendly products, so that their brand image can be improved, which happens with environment-friendly packaging.
When you are using recyclable packaging,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.572587
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Our PET material is 100% recyclable.
Our PET material is 100% recyclable.
In the past few weeks, there has been a lot of information in the media regarding plastic and the impact it is making on the environment. It isn’t easy to know what you can recycle and where. HLP Klearfold can assure you that the plastic materials we use are 100% recyclable. Below you will find information about what plastics we supply and ways in which the public can recycle them.
Most of the plastic we supply are PET plastics. APET, RPET, PETG, Bio-PET. All PET plastics are 100% Recyclable.
APET – Produced with 100% natural occurring ingredients.
RPET – Produced with 30% post-consumer PET waste.
PETG – Produced with 100% natural occurring ingredients.
Bio-PET– Produced with 30% plant-based sources.
PET plastic is the most commonly used plastics in daily life. As a raw material, PET is recognized as a safe, non-toxic, durable, flexible material that is 100% recyclable. Packaging which is made from PET plastics can be easily identified by a #1 resin identification code can be found on the packaging. Identification codes can be found below.
• Labels can be left on the packaging if there are any.
Top Tip- fold down or stand on the packaging, allowing more room in your recycling box/bin.
You can also recycle PET plastics at your local recycling centre or your local recycling banks.
PP is another commonly used plastic material, and like PET is 100% recyclable. PP material is a highly versatile material that can be easily recycled. Packaging which is made from PP plastics can be

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.503419
Retrieved Text: Reusable Definition A bag with handles that is specially designed and manufactured for multiple reuse and is (1) made of cloth or fabric and /or (2) made of durable plastic that is at least 2.25 mil thick.
Reusable Definition Reusable Carryout Bag. A bag, with handles which are stitched and not heat-fused, that is specifically designed and manufactured for multiple reuse. The bag must be made of washable cloth, other durable woven or nonwoven fabric, or durable plastic film that is recyclable plastic with a minimum thickness of four mils.
Reusable Definition Reusable Bag means a bag with handles that is specifically designed and manufactured for multiple reuse and is made primarily of cloth or other nonwoven textile or is constructed of multiple layers for insulation.
Reusable Definition A bag, with handles which are stitched and not heat-fused, that is specifically designed and manufactured for multiple reuse. The bag must be made of washable cloth, other durable woven or nonwoven fabric, or durable plastic film that is recyclable plastic with a minimum thickness of four mils.
Reusable Definition A bag, that is specifically designed and manufactured for multiple reuse. Any straps must be stitched and not heat fused. The bag must be made of washable cloth, other durable woven or nonwoven fabric, or durable plastic with a minimum thickness of four mils.
Paper Summary Recyclable Paper Bag means a paper bag that is fully recyclable overall and contains a minimum of 40% post-consumer recycled content and contains no old growth fiber. The bag should display the words "Reusable" and "Recyclable" on

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.441598
Retrieved Text: WHEREAS: Mondelēz International’s environmental policy states the company “is committed to reducing the environmental impact of our activities, preventing pollution and promoting the sustainability of the natural resources upon which we depend…” yet a significant amount of brand product packaging is not recyclable. New studies suggest plastic packaging that reaches the ocean is toxic to marine animals and potentially to humans.
Mondelēz’ iconic brands, such as Oreo and Chips Ahoy, are increasingly packaged in flexible film or other plastic packaging, such as pouches, that are not recyclable. Using non-recyclable packaging when recyclable alternatives are available wastes valuable resources that could be recycled many times over. Instead, many billions of discarded package wrappers and pouches representing significant amounts of embedded energy are incinerated or lie buried in landfills. Many of these brands could be sold in recyclable fiber or plastic packaging.
California spends nearly $500 million annually preventing trash, much of it packaging, from polluting beaches, rivers, and oceanfront. In the marine environment, plastics break down into small indigestible particles that birds and marine mammals mistake for food, resulting in illness and death. McDonald’s Corp. is replacing plastic foam beverage cups with degradable paper cups due to such concerns.
Further, studies by U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Region 9 suggest a synergistic effect between persistent, bioaccumulative, toxic chemicals and plastic debris. Plastics concentrate and transfer toxic chemicals such as polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins from the ocean into the marine food web and potentially to human diets, essentially forming a “toxic cocktail” increasing the risk of adverse effects to wildlife and humans. One

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.407143
Retrieved Text: The Solid Waste Division provides for the collection and management of residential solid waste and recyclable waste material for the City of Lewiston.
The Solid Waste Division manages the collection of Single Stream Recyclable Waste Material from the City’s residents (via curbside collection), the public schools, and recyclable material brought to the City’s solid waste facility for disposal. Single Stream Recyclable Waste Material includes items such as - newspaper, plastic containers (numbers 1 through 7), corrugated cardboard, glass bottles and jars, office paper, mixed paper, hardcover books and cans (aluminum and steel).
The City contracts the collection of Single Stream Recyclable Waste. Once collected, the Single Stream material is hauled to Casella Recycling’s Material Recovery Facility (“MRF” - which is adjacent to the City’s solid waste facility) where the recyclable material is sorted, baled, and shipped out to end users/manufacturers.
These manufacturers use the recovered recyclable material in place of virgin materials, which is beneficial for the environment. By separating these recyclable waste materials from other household waste, Lewiston’s residents help reduce the cost of solid waste (trash) disposal by making these materials-paper fiber, metal, plastic and glass-available for re-use in manufacturing.
The City’s annual average expense for waste disposal at the Mid Maine Waste Action Corp. (MMWAC) is $445,000 (FY2016). When residents separate Single Stream Recyclable waste from their household trash, they reduce the City’s expense for trash disposal because there is no disposal fee (for the City of Lewiston and its residents) for disposal of Single Stream Recyclable Waste.
The ePass uses information contained on the purchaser’s driver’s license

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.384951
Retrieved Text: With sunken, web-like chairs and light fixtures evoking the slot canyons of the American Southwest, Recyclable Composites puts the work of 12 RISD students on display, pushing the boundaries of design while directly addressing issues of sustainability.
Recyclable Composites showcases innovative applications of advanced composites in new contexts. Existing composites rely heavily on irreversible resins, which cannot be recycled. Twintex®, a commingled glass and thermoplastic polypropylene fiber filament, is solidified by a reversible heat treatment. Twintex® products are thermoplastic composites which can be recycled. Therefore, they present an environmentally friendly alternative to conventional composites.
Through a rigorous developmental research process students explored the material Twintex® beyond its conventional use to create dynamic furniture and lighting fixtures. These explorations, while highlighting the potential of recyclable composites, are pushing the boundaries of both design and customary manufacturing techniques. Recyclable Composites manifests the Furniture Design Department’s commitment to research, innovation and sustainability as key pedagogical areas of focus.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.301318
Retrieved Text: Home » Enviro News » Recyclable Plastics and their Codes made simple.
Recyclable Plastics and their Codes made simple.
The old joke that we will be `mining’ our waste sites for recyclable plastics is fast turning into a reality. The cost of the oil derived resins that plastic products are made of is increasing as are water and electricity costs. If this is contributing to the recycling of plastic becoming more competitive, why is plastic still our `National Flower’ and why are our beaches , wetlands and parks still inundated with plastic?
A key to the answer is the cost of collecting and of separating the different types of plastic that are dispersed throughout our homes, businesses and the environment.
The Plastic Packaging industry has introduced a Plastic Codes system so that it is easier to identify and separate recyclable plastics. Recyclers who separate Plactic into its different kinds based on the Plastic Number system stand to get a better price. Most recyclers take Number 1 Plastic (popular as PET bottles), Number 2 Plastic (milk, juice & detergent bottles), Number 4 Plastic (plastic bags0 and Number 5 Plastic (marg, yoghurt, ice-cream tubs). To make sure that you know what plastic packaging falls into which category for recycling, have a look at the Codes for recyclable plastic here.
There is not longer any reason to say: “ I don’t know what Plastics are Recyclable!!” Be Cool for the Earth (and for your Kids) . Take a few minutes a day to recycle and to help save our water, reduce our carbon footprint

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.275166
Retrieved Text: K-L-N Concentrate is a rooting solution that contain ingredients to promote vigorous root growth in ..
The new EZ-Clone Low Pro 64 White has been made from fully recyclable HDPE which highly chemically r..
The new EZ-Clone Classic 9 has been made from fully recyclable HDPE which highly chemically resistan..

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.247929
Retrieved Text: Aluminum is the metal of choice for leading designers, architects and engineers, all of whom are looking for a material which combines functionality and cost-effectiveness with forward looking form and design potential. Aluminum is a unique metal: strong, durable, flexible, impermeable, lightweight, corrosion-resistant, non-toxic and 100 percent recyclable.
Aluminum has a high scrap value as a recyclable metal. Its reusable cycle is indefinite and aluminum retains all its superior qualities. These advantages are of particular importance in meeting environmental and economic criteria. Nearly 75% of all aluminum ever produced is still used today.
An IMDesign kitchen gives you all the beauty and style of a modern kitchen while keeping your environmental footprint at a minimum. It's also a non-toxic, healthy alternative to traditional building material. What more can you ask for?
Recyclable, each component of our cabinets is recyclable and our aluminum profiles are extruded from 25% recycled aluminum.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.182779
Retrieved Text: Distinctive plastic juice bottles our slim bottle range, perfect for energy and detox shakes and liquids in sizes 150ml, 200ml and 250ml.
100ml Slim Juice bottle, made from quality PET plastic which is lightweight, shatterproof and fully recyclable!
The bottle comes with a natural colour, tamper evident screw cap. Great for ensuring your product stays safe from production to the destination.
The slim design offers a modern feel to your product, whilst the straight sides make branding easy. Great for cold fill, ideal for smoothies, detox shakes, pressed fruits, iced teas and more.
Slim Juice bottle, 100ml capacity, made from clear PET plastic, which is food grade, lightweight and recyclable. The bottle comes with a 38mm orange plastic tamper-evident screw cap.
100ml Slim Juice bottle, made from clear PET plastic, which is food grade, lightweight, shatterproof and recyclable!
The bottle comes with a 38mm black plastic tamper-evident screw cap.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.1253605
Retrieved Text: In this plant, mixed industrial waste is sorted according to recyclable materials with a high degree of automation. Valuable substance fractions: FE, NE, PE, PET, PP, films, paper, cardboard, wood, minerals and refuse-derived fuels.
Industrial waste usually contains a very high proportion of recyclable materials such as PE, PP, PET, wood, paper, films, NE and FE, which are separated by mechanical sorting. Polymers, paper or films are subsequently inspected at manual sorting stations for quality optimisation. It is therefore possible to easily market the individual fractions. From the remaining residue, refuse-drives fuels are positively extracted from the material flow via near infra-red technology to be marketed separately.
The design of this plant enables the plant operator to react quickly and flexibly to possible changes in the market. It is capable at all times of processing other input materials, such as lightweight packaging materials or mixed building site waste. The quantity of refuse-derived fuel production can be adapted to the requirements of the operator at all times. The plastic fractions produced by means of near infra-red equipment can be varied.
From an economic point of view and from the point of view of how recyclable the products are, we currently recommend an industrial waste sorting plant which recovers recyclable products as the first priority and RDF as the second priority.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.118574
Retrieved Text: The report studies and describes the Recyclable Packaging Materials in terms of volume and value. The market volume is provided in terms of thousands of units; whereas the value for the market is provided in terms of USD million from 2018-2024. The geography (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Middle East & Africa) focusing on key countries in each region. It also covers market drivers, restraints, opportunities, challenges, and key issues in Global Recyclable Packaging Materials market.
American Forest & Paper Association Inc.
North America Recyclable Packaging Materials Market Revenue (USD Million) and Growth Rate (%), 2014 – 2024.
North America Recyclable Packaging Materials Market Revenue (USD Million) By Country, 2014 – 2024.
North America Recyclable Packaging Materials Market Revenue Market Share (%) By Country, 2014 – 2024.
North America Recyclable Packaging Materials Market Revenue (USD Million), By Product Type, 2014 – 2024.
North America Recyclable Packaging Materials Revenue Market Share (%) By Product Type, 2014 – 2024.
North America Recyclable Packaging Materials Market Revenue (USD Million), By Application, 2014 – 2024.
North America Recyclable Packaging Materials Revenue Market Share (%) By Application, 2014 – 2024.
North America Recyclable Packaging Materials Market Consumption (Thousands of Units) and Growth Rate (%), 2014 – 2024.
North America Recyclable Packaging Materials Market Consumption (Thousands of Units) By Country, 2014 – 2024.
North America Recyclable Packaging Materials Consumption Market Share (%) By Country, 2014 – 2024.
North America Recyclable Packaging Materials Market Consumption (Thousands of Units), By Product Type, 2014 – 2024.
North America Recyclable Packaging Materials Consumption Market Share (%) By Product Type, 2014 – 2024.
North America Recyclable Packaging Materials Market

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.113914
Retrieved Text: Our philosophy is simple, if we don't do it at home, we don’t do it at work. Composting Cucina Fresca food waste and using reusable or recyclable packaging is just a logical extension of producing natural gourmet foods.
Our packaging approach ensures food quality while minimizing environmental impact. Sauce jars and lids are reusable and recyclable. Lazy Lasagna and Mac and Cheese boxes are entirely recyclable.
Cedar Grove Composting, a local family-owned company (around since 1938 and now the country’s largest dedicated composting facility) is our composting partner. Within 60 days of pickup, Cucina Fresca’s food scraps, and other compostable materials, are transformed into nutrient-rich compost which is sold to area businesses and residents for gardening.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.080506
Retrieved Text: Collects huge amounts of non-recyclable material, reducing contamination.
Modus™ is a high capacity bin housing, which securely contains a wheeled bin in a tidy manner. Modus™ 1280 General Waste Housing collects large amounts of non-recyclable material, reducing contamination.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.984258
Retrieved Text: Knowing whether or not an item is recyclable is not something that comes easy. I created Recyclable to simply and efficiently let people know what is and isn't recyclable. This app allows anyone to find out if their item is recyclable by simply taking a picture of it. With this application, there are no excuses not to recycle.
I enjoy making applications that actually have some meaning, and personally, I struggled to know whether or not the item I was holding was recyclable! Instead of sitting around and just throwing my garbage into compost I decided to make an app that let's anyone know if their item is recyclable right away!
Using image recognition and creating a database of recyclable items, recyclable sends the image that the user takes to the image recognition API. It instantly sends the image back with tags of the objects that are in the image, then with the database that I created of recyclable items, the tags and items are compared, if they have an item in common then the image is recyclable.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.977512
Retrieved Text: Fillamentum - Plasticz│Top quality 3D filament, quick delivery and low priced!
Fillamentum Vertigo Grey is an unique anthracite PLA with silver particles inside. We use Vertigo Grey to print jewellery, imitation metal parts etc.
CPE Black Soul is greatly improved black PETG filament. CPE co-polyester print very easy and is durable, environmentally friendly material and recyclable. CPE's characteristics surpass PETG on all fronts. Order your CPE now!
PVA filament is made of a polymer that is ideal for printing support structures models of 3D printers when aid is then dissolved in water.
CPE (co-polyester) HM100 Matt excels in ease of processing, it is durable and human-friendly material, which can be recycled. Another advantages are: less shrinkage than ABS, lower water absorption than Nylon.
Fillamentum CPE HG100 Gloss is co-polyester and the better alternative of PETG. It is more durable, environmentally friendly material and recyclable. On all fronts CPE is an improvement of PETG.
CPE Red Hood is very easily printable co-polyester. Moreover, CPE is sustainable, environmentally friendly material and recyclable. CPE is superior to PETG in every property. Buy your CPE now!
CPE Pink Blush is an easy to print co-polyester. It is sustainable, nature-friendly and recyclable material that strives beyond PETG on all fronts. Buy your improved PETG here!
CPE Deap Sea is vastly improved PETG filament. CPE co-polyester prints so easily and is durable, nature-friendly and recyclable. CPE is pursuing PETG on all fronts. Buy your PETG + filament here!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.966249
Retrieved Text: OAKLAND, CA -- May 17 2018 -- Nearly a third of food and beverage giant Mondelez International’s shareholders supported a proposal by As You Sow presented at its annual meeting yesterday asking the company to set a time table to phase out non-recyclable plastic packaging, signaling strong concern that Mondelez is introducing liability to its brand through slow action toward recyclability.
The proposal was supported by more than 31% of shareholders, up from 27% last year, representing $12.4 billion of share value. Mondelez owns iconic brands including Nabisco, Cadbury chocolate, Tang beverages, and Oreo cookies, has an annual revenue of $26 billion and operates in 160 countries. A similar proposal filed by As You Sow at Starbucks garnered a 29.2% vote.
Mondelēz’s brands are increasingly packaged in flexible film or other plastic packaging, such as multi-laminate pouches (such as those used in Tang packages), that is not recyclable. Non-recyclable packaging is a significant contributor to plastic pollution which escapes into oceans and waterways at an estimated rate of up to 12 million tons per year. Making all packaging recyclable is the first step to reduce the threat posed by ocean plastic pollution, and a necessary step for Mondelez International to work toward a more sustainable product line-up.
Non-recyclable pouches of its Tang fruit drink made famous when used by American astronauts, were cited as among the most frequently collected type of waste packaging in a Philippine beach audit last fall. A 2014 UN Environment Program report estimated that the company’s use of plastic materials causes $115 million in harm

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.90166
Retrieved Text: The coffee industry in the UK is proving to be thriving and profitable. The Allegra World-Coffee Portal has recently published Project Café 2018 UK report, which shows 5.3% growth within the coffee shop market, with over 24,000 coffee shops now operating in the UK.
With the recent publicity about paper cup disposal in the UK, we can offer a solution to customers who care about the environment as much as we do, with 100% recyclable cups available now. Our paper cups are made from using high-quality fibres to make it not only sustainable but also 100% recyclable. Our material is FSC certified which ensures every tree used to create our paper, 3-4 are planted in their place. FSC are a non-profit organisation who are dedicated to the promotion of responsible forest management worldwide.
We saw a demand in the market for a 100% recyclable paper cups and we can provide a product which is engineered to be recyclable in paper recycling systems. Companies like James Cropper, DS Smith and Ace UK have developed the technology to recycle single-use paper cups. We encourage businesses to collaborate with these companies as it will lead to a successful outcome for both industry and the environment.
Our paper cups makes it so easy for the consumer to recycle in council facilities, with over 80% of councils offering Bring Bank collections and over 20% offering Kerbside collections. Click here to visit ACE UK to find out where paper cups can be recycled in your area.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.8830385
Retrieved Text: CCL Container - CCL Container is the leading North American manufacturer of recyclable aluminum aerosol cans, aluminum bottles, barrier systems, and other specialty aluminum packaging..
CCL Container is the leading North American manufacturer of recyclable aluminum aerosol cans, aluminum bottles, barrier systems, and other specialty aluminum packaging.
CCL Container is the leading North American manufacturer of recyclable aluminum aerosol cans, aluminum bottles, barrier systems, and other specialty aluminum packaging for global consumer brands in the personal care, hair care, food & beverage, pharmaceutical, household and industrial market sectors.
CCL Container operates three manufacturing facilities in North America, all of which are ISO 9002 Registered. By combining a fully staffed Package Development Team with ever-expanding manufacturing technology and expertise, CCL Container continues to produce many of the finest aluminum containers in the world.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.844785
Retrieved Text: Metallizing is a type of thermal spray coating (TSC) that produces a durable metal coating.
The TSC metal typically applied to steel structures such as highway bridges is either pure zinc or a zinc/aluminum alloy.
A feed wire of the TSC metal is heated to a molten state by flame or electric arc and propelled by air spray onto a surface.
Likely reasons for this have included a relatively high initial cost and a lack of familiarity and experience with metallizing among bridge painting contractors.
To date, TSC coatings have been applied to approximately 150 (out of 200,000) steel bridges in the United States, totaling just over 2 million square feet.
Recent improvements in application equipment have doubled productivity rates to the point where initial costs are more competitive.
Many factors must be considered when determining the economic impact of a technology on a bridge maintenance painting project.
A cost model was developed for this FHWA study which estimates itemized project costs and evaluates economic impacts.
The technology observation reported was for metallizing using recyclable steel grit for surface preparation.
Since both recyclable steel grit and metallizing are different form our assumed state-of-practice, we will compare the site visit to a recyclable steel grit removal project with airless spray applied coatings.
Blasting with recyclable steel grit followed by application of a three-coat paint system with a stripe coat.
3. Blasting with recyclable steel grit followed by application of 85/15 Zn/Al metallizing with a full sealer coat.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.6930275
Retrieved Text: We all know that recycling helps the environment by reducing the amount of waste that ends up in landfills. What most people probably do not know is that 25% of all things recycled are not actually recyclable. What’s worse is that some of these non-recyclable items contaminate ones that can, rendering ordinarily recyclable items unrecyclable.
In Frederick County, recyclable items include empty plastic bottles, jugs, tubs, and jars (including the lids); empty class jars and bottles (including lids); aluminium and steel food containers like cans and pie tins; clean aluminium foil; empty aerosol cans; juice boxes (not pouches); papers, such as newspapers, magazines, junk mail, envelopes, books, corrugated cardboard, greeting cards and wrapping paper (without glitter or foil); plastic or paper milk and juice cartons; paperboard boxes (like cereal boxes); and shredded paper inside a bag.
Things that are not recyclable include any container that is not empty; plastic bags; Styrofoam; napkins, tissues (even if unused); any non-packaging metals (such as pots or pans); rubber, PVC, or vinyl; and pretty much any non-reusable, non-metallic container that has touched food or hazardous materials (including, but not limited to, plastic or foil food wrappers, pesticide, motor oil, and antifreeze containers).
But why is it so important to only recycle things that are recyclable? There are several reasons. First, recycling unrecyclable things increases the cost of recycling, due to the plants having to employ more workers to sort out the trash. It also leads to a lower-quality product, which lowers the cost of the recycled material. These two factors combined have begun

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.690512
Retrieved Text: UK-based Roberts Bakery has announced that it will introduce new 100% recyclable wraps for one of its artisan bread ranges, in an effort to cut plastic waste levels.
The range includes three breads: Heroic Wholemeal, Wondrous White, and Seriously Seeded, and all three variants will now be packaged in a sleeve which is 100% recyclable and suitable for kerbside collection.
Roberts Bakery says that introduction of the new packaging is the first step on its goal to make the packaging of its entire product range 100% recyclable or compostable in the future.
Stuart Spencer-Calnan, managing director of Roberts bakery, said: “As the next-gen bakery brand, we’re passionate and committed to not only doing our bit to help everyone live more sustainably, but also ensuring we are true to our ethos.
“This means being relevant and meeting the needs of our millennial consumers, to whom sustainability is a very important and impassioned issue.
“Never have we been more aware of the need to be more responsible in the choices we make, even for something as simple as what our bread is packaged in.
“Our move into 100% recyclable packaging for our Bloomers range is a simple step to help create a more environmentally friendly future. We’re absolutely delighted to now embark upon this exciting journey and even more so to be the UK’s first bread brand to take the lead in doing so.
“Our packaging technology team is continuously researching and trialling different products – and working with many international suppliers – to cut plastic pollution and widen our sustainable offering and help reduce

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.676749
Retrieved Text: During its annual shareholders meeting this week, Starbucks announced it will start trials this year on different types of cups to achieve sustainability goals.
The compostable and recyclable cups will be tested in select markets where local facilities can support processing them: London, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Vancouver. The cup designs were among the NextGen Cup Challenge's 12 winners, which were announced in February.
According to Starbucks, which plans to release lightweight, strawless lids at all locations in the U.S. and Canada, the new design contains 9% less plastic than the current lid-and-straw model. The lids will begin hitting stores this summer in Indianapolis, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Seattle, Toronto and Washington, DC and will be available in all stores by early next year. Starbucks released a strawless, sippable lid for cold drinks in select markets last year upon announcing it would eliminate straws from all stores by 2020.
Last spring, Starbucks announced a commitment of $10 million to establish a "NextGen Cup Challenge" in partnership with Closed Loop Partners. Multiple partners — including McDonald's, Yum! Brands and the Coca-Cola Company — joined the challenge in an attempt to develop scalable recycling solutions for the estimated 250 billion paper cups used around the world annually.
The competition reflects the profound challenge of recycling paper cups. While consumers generally assume they're recyclable, the paper cups have moisture-resistant coatings, which tend to be plastic. Like other products that merge multiple recyclable commodities into one product — such as bubble wrap-lined paper mailers and coffee pods — the combination renders them

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.67544
Retrieved Text: St. Charles Cabinetry began manufacturing and designing in 1935, and today, they're still doing the same thing right here in the United States. Their cabinets are made from stainless steel and powder-coated in your choice of 23 colors (see below). What makes them a green product? They are 98% recyclable and are the perfect choice for a hypoallergenic interior.
In addition to being recyclable, St. Charles cabinets are made with approximately 70% recycled content, which is quite impressive actually. The cabinets not only carry high marks for greenness, they might be my #1 rank for high style.
These cabinets are the height of modernity. They're sleek, clean and understated, yet stunning, especially in an open-concept kitchen where they won't overpower you. The hardware choices (some pictured below) range from industrial to country to artsy and contemporary. Certainly a variety of options for cabinets. Go check out St. Charles cabinets.
Photo credits: St. Charles Cabinetry.
If you consider “recyclable” above “renewable,” you’re missing the whole point of “green,” and you’ve completely overlooked “sustainable.” Steel is produced from finite resources, using many, many more times the energy to produce than simple, sustainable, renewable hardwood. You cannot be green and sustainable with finite resources. And, yes, wood is also recyclable.
Since when is hardwood renewable? So you’re saying wood is infinite?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.6531315
Retrieved Text: Is the District part of Waste Management, which collects my garbage?
Can the LCSWMD come to my house to pick up (1) my large screen TV; (2) my paint; (3) other items?
Can I bring recyclable items from my business to the District’s facilities/locations?
I just remodeled my house. Do the District recycling programs or recycling centers accept aluminum or vinyl siding, drywall, or other construction or demolition materials?
I am a teacher. How do I schedule an education program for my class?
Where can I dispose of unwanted or expired medications?
What can I put in my recycling waste container?
Where can I take my used diabetic syringes for disposal?
How can I dispose of an old car battery?
Where can I dispose of old gasoline?
I have several old cans of paint - 1/2 full or less (possibly some more than 1/2 full). However, it is not paint that can be reused due to its age. How do I dispose of it?
Can I bring small empty propane bottle and household size fire extinguisher?
Meat bought at store is on styrofoam with plastic wrap, what is recyclable? How can I determine what food packaging is recyclable? Are clothes with rips or worn out shoes recyclable?
How can I find out when free shredding events are scheduled and where?
No. Waste Management is a separate, private company which is not affiliated with the Lake County Solid Waste Management District, which is a governmental entity. Waste Management’s telephone number is (800) 796-9696.
No. The District at this time provides specific locations throughout the county for citizens to bring various recyclable items.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.642864
Retrieved Text: Your recyclables and food waste are collected every week, along with garden waste one week, and non-recyclables the next.
We collect your recycling every week, along with your food waste. Every house has three boxes; a red one (for plastic bottles, cans, tins, empty aerosols and clean foil), a green one (for card, glass bottles and jars), and a blue one (for paper, small electrical items and bagged textiles and clothes). We will supply extra boxes on request, at no charge. Food waste is collected using a silver caddy which should be kept in the kitchen and a sturdy green one for presenting on collection day. We supply free caddy liners on request.
In February 2019 the entire garden waste service will become a subscription-only one, collecting for a full year, with an annual charge of £36. More information is available here.
We collect your non-recyclable rubbish every fortnight from a 180 litre grey wheelie bin.
Garden waste and non-recyclable rubbish are collected on alternate weeks, so put your recycling, food waste and garden waste out one week, and recycling, food waste and non-recyclable household rubbish out the next week.
Our collection services are simple to use and are a cost-effective way to deliver high quality recyclable materials.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.600918
Retrieved Text: Hong Kong Disneyland introduced recyclable plastic cups to make its weekend running event, which attracted 13,000 people, more environmentally friendly.
The move to use recyclable plastic cups at the "10K Weekend 2018" was made in collaboration with The Green Earth, after the environmental group issued guidelines to reduce plastic waste for mega sporting events.
Apart from introducing recyclable cups, the organizer also provided more reusable cups to reduce the use of paper cups.
Linda Choy Siu-min, Hong Kong Disneyland's vice-president of communications and public affairs, said 85 percent of cups used at the event were recyclable or reusable, but some of the races still used paper cups due to the track and safety issues.
However, she said Disneyland urged runners to bring their own bottles as there were water dispensers at the event.
Runners were also able to throw their plastic bottles into recycle machines, and dispose of other recyclable waste like paper, cans, bags and banana peel at collection points.
Choy said the amount of recyclable waste collected has dropped this year as the park focused more on reducing waste at its source.
The volunteer team for the green work was expanded by 70 percent to more than 180 people this year.
Runners also supported the arrangement, saying there were clear signs for plastic cups collection points and places to refill water.
Vivien Cheng Yu-wai, director of Green Earth's community partnership, said it's the third year the group has partnered with the theme park.
"In general, I think the situation has improved significantly, especially as participants have grown aware of recycling," she said.
Cheng said volunteers

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.600893
Retrieved Text: To receive collection services subscribers pay two separate fees, a semi-annual collection fee and a trash disposal fee.
Trash and recyclable materials are only collected from households that subscribe to the municipal collection program. To subscribe residents pay a $131 semi-annual collection fee. This covers the cost of collection of trash and recyclable materials from October through March, or April through September. Subscribers must also pay a separate disposal fee for each bag or barrel of trash. To subscribe to the program see details shown on the Curbside Collection Subscription Application. Once residents are enrolled in the program they will automatically receive a bill in September and March.
In order for trash to be collected, each bag or barrel of trash must have either a 6-month barrel sticker, which costs $39 and is good for 6 months of collection or a weekly disposal tag, which costs $1.50 each and is good for one use only. 6-month barrel stickers and weekly disposal tags are available from the Town House and retail outlets in town. There is no additional disposal fee for recyclable materials.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.598769
Retrieved Text: 1. Reduce. It&apos;s widely known that disposable coffee cups are not recyclable so get your takeout in this multi-use cup and reduce plastic coffee cups in landfill.
2. Recycle. The Life&apos;s a Beach coffee cup is made from robust 100% recyclable materials.
3. Donate. 10% of the profits from every sale of this product go to the Life&apos;s a Beach, which helps keep Britain's beaches clean.
The coffee cup is available in 3 stylish, calming designs: bamboo, pebbles, and wave. If cared for this coffee cup will provide many years of usage.
The cup is made of biodegradable bamboo fibre, a fast-growing renewable resource. To recycle simply crush the body of the cup and bury with compostable waste.
The silicone sleeve and lid are recyclable with household plastic recycling which accepts grade 7 plastics. The cardboard packaging can widely recycled.
Life&apos;s a Beach is a non-profit organisation that supports the eradication of single use plastic products from our beaches. Money raised will fund schemes to help achieve this aim, including education, promoting reusable products and organised beach cleans.
My daughter loves the product. Excellent quality, and environmentally friendly. Will soon pay for itself as several coffee shops charge for the paper cups, which will not be needed anymore.

================



======= Instance Index 308 =========
Input Text: What is needed to make an island?

Which is the correct answer?
- boat
- volcano
- coral
- tree

Target Text: volcano

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.501526
Retrieved Text: Top 10 Daytime Activities in Los Angeles | Santa Catalina Island | Bachelor10 | Bachelor10 | Best. Party. Ever.
Paradise off the coast of paradise (if you consider the endless supply of strip malls in Los Angeles idyllic), that’s what Santa Catalina Island is known for. A quaint, calm island only an hour and change away from Long Beach by boat, there’s a lot to do on Catalina and a Bachelor Party could make an entire trip out of this destination. But a day trip is just as good as the island has everything you’d need to fill your time, from sports to food to sight-seeing. Split off into groups or pick an activity and partake together. No matter what you do in Catalina Island, you’ll return to LA feeling refreshed and ready for an evening of debauchery (following a nap).
After hiking and the beach, head to Landing Bar & Grill on Marilla Ave. in Avalon (the hub of Catalina Island). Save your appetite for dinner that night in LA, but the drinks are just what the doctor ordered as respite from the sun.
A warm, relaxing day exploring a favorite spot off the coast of Los Angeles. Hike, drink, eat, kayak, golf, swim, and more. Santa Catalina Island is always a good time.
You’re stuck on an island and can’t get back for a few hours. Some people might find that less than exciting and yearn to return to the urban sprawl of the city. We pity them.
Reservations needed: Yes, call ahead.
Attire: Shorts, T-shirts, and a hoodie.
Alcohol Encouraged:

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.133202
Retrieved Text: Are you considering purchasing or selling a property on Rattlesnake Island? We'd like to make sure your transaction goes through smoothly for you whether you are buying your new island property, or selling and moving away. There are some basic requirements from Rattlesnake Island Association that need to be met to make sure the property transaction goes through without a problem.
Your real estate agent should manage this process for you. If you are using one of the lakes region real estate agents, they typically know what is needed for a successful transaction. If you aren't, here are the steps below to complete your property transfer. Only one form is needed for the transfer.
Buyer and sellers should fill out and make sure the 'Waiver of Right of First Refusal' is signed by our Duly Authorized Director.
For Director signature, please forward the form with a self addressed stamped envelope to: Rattlesnake Island Association, c/o High Tech Machinist Inc., 177 Riverneck Road, Chelmsford, MA 01824.
NOTE: The buyer and seller are responsible to ensure completeness. Waiver must be filled out 100% or will be rejected by RIA.
Parking Passes, Trailer Tags, and Keys -The seller will not transfer anything to the buyer. You can get those through RIA after closing.
When your closing is complete, please contact the association through the contact page to have you added to our database and request any passes, tags, or keys.
Return all all parking passes, keys, and trailer tags to RIA: Rattlesnake Island Association, c/o High Tech Machinist Inc., 177 Riverneck Road, Chelmsford, MA 01824. These

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.130163
Retrieved Text: Atria Lincoln Place is a popular Rhode Island assisted living community in Lincoln, Rhode Island. We offer an active, warm atmosphere with all the comforts of home. A diverse senior living activities calendar provides daily opportunities for staying healthy and socializing. This independent and assisted living community offers residents a work-out with an instructor in our fitness area or the option to invite friends and family to enjoy the heated pool.Atria Senior Living provides resources and services that make our Lincoln, Rhode Island senior assisted living communities highly sought after as a top choice for the perfect retirement living option with help available when itÃ¢??s needed - Alzheimer's and dementia care is available. Atria builds vibrant Rhode Island independent retirement communities and assisted living communities that provide seniors with comfort, companionship and a better quality of life in their later years. Our goal is to always create an environment where older people thrive, where loneliness and isolation are behind them, and where families and friends feel secure their loved ones are protected and fulfilled. This doesnÃ¢??t happen by accident. Behind the warmth and welcome of an Atria Senior Living community are pages of protocols, standards and metrics Ã¢?? and a real investment, on everybodyÃ¢??s part, in doing what is right.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.116514
Retrieved Text: Possibly the most important room in a home, next to the bedroom occurs to be the kitchen area therefore, individuals make it a point to install all comforts of modern-day life in this area . If you wish to have a non-traditional kitchen leading then you will get a brilliant idea from this short article . Here you will see how Robert Kolenik has combined the idea of cooking area top and an aquarium together to make a work of art. This top has been instrumental in providing a contemporary yet close to nature feel to the entire location. This is what the majority of individuals desire to attain.So have a look at new island aquarium you always needed. If you’re trying to look for kitchen counter island, you have land on the cool blog post.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.077122
Retrieved Text: Debt consolidation in Rhode Island is for you if you are having problems with debt consolidation or managing your needed Rhode Island finances or it feels like you have too many problematic bills for the amount of income you have coming in, our great debt consolidation services may be just the thing for you. These needed Rhode Island credit card relief loans or debt consolidation services can help you take control of your Rhode Island financial trouble, and figure out a way to get out of debt liability while improving your skirmish. Debt consolidation may not be necessary and with proper adequate card relief loans skills you can avoid most forms of debt consolidation for problematic financial trouble, a debt consolidation in Lincoln service can teach you how to manage your money better and make the most of what you have.
One of the most important needed skills to have for fundamental credit card relief loans is budgeting. Budgeting is learning to put money aside for needed things first and then spending the rest wisely. Once you understand how to do this it will be easier to stay problematic financial trouble free. When you understand fundamental budgeting you will feel like you are making more money than you used to. Any adequate Rhode Island debt consolidation service will cover budgeting extensively.
Credit relief programs in RI 02865 have helped many.
RI 02865 credit counseling is a very popular choice.
The only way to stay out of debt liability is to save money for those instances where unexpected Rhode Island expenses

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.965125
Retrieved Text: Paving is the local expert on Paving in Island Park, NY. Let our professional experience work for you by calling 800-239-9895 for all of your Paving requirements. We recognize ways to assist you in accomplishing your goals and make sure that you're happy with the result. We respond to all your questions, offer expert guidance, and help you to appraise the benefits and drawbacks of the possibilities open to you. Your job will be a success when you make the best decisions and are familiar with the process. When you have all of the important information, you make the best decisions for your project, and our company is here to help with that approach. To find out more, get in touch with our Island Park, NY office.
While a percentage of people know exactly what they require, most folks just have a generalized idea. Thankfully, by working with our company's Island Park, NY Paving specialists, you won’t be required to know exactly what to buy since we’ll show you the numerous options and help you choose the perfect option for your needs. And, best of all, we make sure that we explain the benefits of the distinct options you have to consider in terms you can easily comprehend!
When you want to place your order, you most likely don’t want to find yourself making numerous phone calls to numerous Island Park, NY Paving organizations. Thankfully, at Paving, this will never be a concern because we present an unbeatable selection of top-notch products. Discover the perfect solution effortlessly by

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.894043
Retrieved Text: Outdoor weddings on Fraser are simply beautiful – no matter what the season. Here are some more handy hints to make sure your wedding on Fraser Island is unforgettable.
What angle will the sun be at for the ceremony? Our resort staff will be able to let you know what the best options are at your preferred venue.
Checking the sunrise and/or sunset time will help your photographer plan your photos. The golden afternoon light in the wallum (directly in front of the resort) makes for stunning pictures.
Ask your coordinator about wind conditions and forecasts when you arrive at the venue - just so you're prepared on the day. We'd also suggest you steer clear of light fabrics with your dresses and that you let your guests know the ceremony is outdoors. And don't forget to tell your hairstylist you're having an outdoor wedding on Fraser Island.
One of the advantages of an outdoor wedding is the natural beauty surrounding you - lessening your need to decorate.
Check the tide timings (Note: Waddy Pt for Eastern Beach, Urangan for western side) to ensure you make the most of beach conditions on your day.
Back-up venue locations. We have a number of fabulous indoor locations in and around the resort should Mother Nature not behave on the day.
Make your guests comfortable - if you're getting married in the warmer months - perhaps your ushers could give out bottled water so they could cool themselves. Don't forget to have plenty of sunscreen on hand too.
Will all your guests be able to hear the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.8632145
Retrieved Text: If you’ve ever lived on Prince Edward Island, you already know that the scenery and lifestyle are unrivaled. What you might not know is that being on a small Island can make a big difference in your career – especially in health care.
There are in-demand positions available in every facet of health, from resident care workers to physicians. Prince Edward Island offers a chance for talented people to do what they love in a place where they can affect positive change.
“It’s not just a job – it’s the connections that you can make and the networks you can build here,” said Rebecca Gill, the provincial government’s manager of health recruitment and retention.
While health care across North America is changing, the Island’s aging population and evolving health system mean some positions are more sought after. More collaboration among many different providers means there are simply more health care jobs – and qualified people are needed to fill them.
“People want access to the right health care professional, so we work closely and collaboratively with Health PEI and the communities to respond to where the opportunities exist,” Gill said.
Family physicians are always in high demand. So are specialists like anaesthetists, ophthalmologists, gastroenterologists, pathologists, and psychologists.
Nurses are also consistently needed, and the province is focusing on attracting experienced ones with backgrounds in specialties like dialysis. There’s also a growing call for nurse practitioners since they are playing a larger role in the health care landscape.
Physiotherapists and social workers are also vital components in our health care system that are in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.816902
Retrieved Text: Fish and coconuts apart, the 1190 islands that make up the Maldivian archipelago traditionally imported almost everything they needed. Technological advances and natural resources have enabled the laid-back islanders to begin to export the ultimate in barefoot, island luxury.
99% of the Maldives is underwater, and what land there is, remains largely untouched. Most islands remain uninhabited – indeed only around 290 are home to anything more than storks and lizards. What this means, for the intrepid tourist, is miles of unsullied white sand; expanses of impossible azure seas stretching uninterrupted to the horizon; and an abundance of mind-blowing dive sites. For those who like their Robinson Crusoe island fantasies tempered by matching luxurious comforts, the Maldives is undoubtedly the place to indulge them.
Choosing a resort can be a challenge. There is a bewildering array, each on a different island and each with their defining characteristics. In general, the Maldives is not a cheap destination: almost all food and drink has to be imported. In addition, waste disposal and water management is far more complex for these tiny islands than it is for other mainland resorts in Asia. Environmental concerns are taken very seriously here. The resorts strive to offer great value for money for their guests and all offer something different. Choosing the right island for your stay is important.
At Experience Sri Lanka, we aim to help you make the best choice. Our team know the islands, their individual qualities and the facilities offered, from personal experience and from closely monitoring feedback from our guests.
What we

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.763561
Retrieved Text: Ever dreamed of living on your own little island, being a real Robinson Crusoe? Now here is your chance! In Youda Survivor you end up on the funniest and most mysterious island with only some minimal tools to survive. What will it take to get you of this island? It’s up to you to get it all together and finally get back to the main land again! Fight off pirates, survive and protect an entire tribe in this epic adventure! Use all your skills to survive the scorching sun and unordinary conditions on this mysterious island and find your way back home... or better: to your next adventure. Win over the hearts of the native tribe by proving that you are the one person that can save them from the cunning pirates. Obtain mystical tribal items with magical powers; learn rituals which you can use to control the weather and use special machines to advance in your quest. Learn the secrets of tribal diets and boil powerful potions to make you stronger. Prove that you have what it takes to survive anywhere and under any circumstances. Bring your adventurous spirit to life and take part in this wild journey. Lit a fire to signal ships passing by, provide yourself of some food to keep the energy going, build rafts to get to the next island and conquer the enemies surrounding your island! Meet the most exotic animals, try to find out what makes them happy and be graciously rewarded. Dive to the inner depths of the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.688717
Retrieved Text: There once was a girl who lived on an island and had a lovely neighbor who knew how to make bread. When the little girl turned four, her mom sent her to the nice neighbor lady's house and this nice lady taught the little girl how to bake all kinds of wonderful goodies. Not only did the little girl learn how to bake, she learned to be patient while waiting for bread dough to rise; she learned to care and cultivate gardens full of herbs to sprinkle on the savory goods; she learned how to make the most seemingly plain cookie into a work of edible art; and most importantly, she learned to give what she made to those who needed it most - those who needed the love baked into the wonderous array of goodies that the little girl learned how to make in her neighbor's kitchen. This little girl became The Radical Cupcake.
The little girl continued to bake and explore the wonders of the kitchen in her home on the island. When her grandmothers came to visit they both shared recipes passed down from generations of bakers. When the little girl was no longer little she began working in restaurants, bakeries, and coffee shops. After years of learning and exploring in the kitchen, the girl who was no longer little decided to share her love and passion for baking.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.671212
Retrieved Text: What can we learn from Denmark?
In 2011 I ATTENDED A CONFERENCE CALLED “CREATING SUCCESSFUL AND SUSTAINABLE SOCIETIES” IN THE UNIVERSITY OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN. IN THIS CONFERENCE I HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO LISTEN TO SØREN HERMANSEN, THE PIONEER ON THE PROJECT IN THE ISLAND OF SAMSØ. THE PROJECT HAS BEEN AWARDED WITH THE GÖTEBORG AWARD FOR SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT.
In 1997, a project to turn the small island of Samsø into a sustainable society started in Denmark. The island has a population of 4000 people and is known for its dairy and pig farms. The island used nonrenewable sources of energy that were mainly coal and oil. However, in 1997 an initative to change the energy sources for windmills came to the island and Søren Hermansen, a teacher of environmental studies and energy expert that is also a native of the island decided to contribute and lead the project.
The work was not easy at the beginning. It needed a lof of efforts from the engineers and visionaries to change the mentality of inhabitants by showing them the opportunities and benefits from the change. By 2001 fossil-fuel use had been cut in half and by 2005, the island was producing from renewable sources more energy than it was using. Today, the total carbon emissions of the island are actually negative compared to the world’s average and the inhabitants have received incomes from the energy business and self confidence by being united into the project.
Today, this story shows us that sustainable societies are possible and achievable in a short time period.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.620722
Retrieved Text: AARP Digital Editions offer you practical tips, proven solutions, and expert guidance. In The Secret of Shelter Island, nationally renowned financial analyst and bestselling author Alexander Green explores the complicated relationship we all have with money and reveals the road map to a rich life. Drawing on some of today's best minds and many of history's greatest thinkers, The Secret of Shelter Island is both a much-needed source of inspiration and an insightful look at the role of both money and values in the pursuit of the good life. Addresses what really matters when it comes to money and how to make smarter decisions with what you have Describes the profound connection between money, character, personal philosophy, and outlook Other bestselling titles by Green: The Gone Fishin' Portfolio If you want to understand what ultimately provides meaning, contentment, and the satisfaction of a life well-lived, then read The Secret of Shelter Island.
How to lead a «rich» life during trying economic times In The Secret of Shelter Island, nationally renowned financial analyst and bestselling author Alexander Green explores the complicated relationship we all have with money and reveals the road map to a rich life. Drawing on some of today's best minds and many of history's greatest thinkers, The Secret of Shelter Island is both a much-needed source of inspiration and an insightful look at the role of both money and values in the pursuit of the good life. Addresses what really matters when it comes to money and how to make smarter decisions with what you

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.606233
Retrieved Text: Slipper Island is a tiny island with a big trash problem.
On an international coastal cleanup day, the island in the middle of Keehi Lagoon got a much needed make over.
Slipper Island isn’t really an island, it is just a berm offshore of the Keehi boat harbor.
It only rises out of the water by about four feet and is covered in keawe trees.
Its shores are also covered in trash.
“Predominately it’s trash bags, clothing, shoes, bottles, and sometimes syringes — it’s pretty bad,” said Mike Asato, with Na Alii Waterski Club.
Where does all the rubbish come from?
“From us. It washes down from Oahu. The wind will take it out and then it hits the harbor.
Slipper Island acts as a comb for airborne or seaborne debris,” said Matt Bickel with the Ocean Conservancy.
On the coastal cleanup day, members of the waterski clubs that use the island and crew members of the Hokulea picked up the plastic and took away the trash.
They even recorded the rubbish, to trace it back to its source.
“At this site, we get a good idea of the trash and debris that comes from Oahu as well as what comes from the ocean,” said Bickel.
It was exhausting work, in the blazing hot sun. After several hours, only a small part of Slipper Island had been cleaned.
Volunteers know it won’t take long before the trash-lined shores will be back again.
“It is always happening. In a month it will be close to this again. It is a constant battle that we fight,” added Asato.
Recently the state’s harbor division

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.581747
Retrieved Text: Shipwrecked!When Royce Hastings is found washed up on the shore of a verdant tropical island, he tells the natives he is a merchant headed for Mozambique. The truth, however, is far more mercenary. Noble by birth, the once favored Royce has lost his fortune and family; now he is a hired henchman on the trail of an elusive pirate. His “shipwreck” was a fake. He’ll stop at nothing to infiltrate the island and capture his prey. His mother and sisters’ lives depend on it.
Royce Hastings came from an Aristocrat household. He shouldn’t have had to make a deal with the devil. But, his father had left his family destitute, and Royce needed money to free his mother and sisters who were now indentured slaves. Bishop was a greedy, evil man and Royce should have known better than to have anything to do with him. But he didn’t, and now Bishop was blackmailing him. Royce was charged with finding the Island where Tristan, a famous pirate, and his wife, Diane, were hiding. Royce knew that Bishop planned on killing Tristan, making slaves of the Islanders, and taking Diane for himself. And if Royce didn’t deliver, Bishop would send his mother and sisters to a place far worse than they were in, now.
As if Royce’s life wasn’t complicated enough, he had to go and fall in love with the Island’s healer, Simone, make friends with Tristan, his wife, and many Islanders. How could he bring Bishop’s evil to the Island, now? But, if he didn’t, what would happen

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.520668
Retrieved Text: I shared a couple of weeks ago about how I painted the old kitchen island. Today I’m going to show you how I made the island table top.
This kitchen island was made out of a repurposed desk.
The kitchen island has served me well, but I felt it was time for a little makeover.
I bought three 2×8 (8 ft) boards to make a new island table top. For the new top I wanted to get rid of the “crumb catchers”. To do this I needed to rip the edge off of each of the boards on the table saw to remove rounded edge.
After ripping the edges, I cut the boards to size using the compound miter saw.
To connect the four boards together I drilled pocket holes with my Kreg Jig. Not shown: I always mark my pocket hole lines before I drill them. I have messed up and drilled wrong when I don’t mark them first.
It’s best to use scrap pieces when clamping a table top so you don’t create divots in your wood when tightening the clamp. I secured the first board to the second board using pocket hole screws. I continued on with each board until all four boards were attached.
Using a face clamp to hold the boards flush helps while securing the boards.
I love it! I made this top wider and longer than the original kitchen island table top.
I sanded both sides of the table top with 150 grit and 220 grit sandpaper using my orbital sander. A dust brush is really handy to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.351522
Retrieved Text: DIY Pallet Kitchen Island for less than $50!
When we were living in a rental for a year, our home was lacking on counter space and it didn’t have a kitchen island. I adore pallets and when we needed a budget friendly option, I turned to what I knew would be most economical! Loving how our Pallet Bookcase turned out, I wanted to do something similar.
Here’s how you can build a DIY Pallet Kitchen Island yourself for less than $50.
2 – 2 X 4s – the length of board should fit your space. We used scrap wood.
We didn’t have an existing frame as we did with our Pallet Bookcase, so we had to build a frame. This wood purchase was all that was needed for this project, but you can buy all the wood for the framing inexpensively.
The corner posts are 4 x 4s cut to our counter height. The framing is from 2 x 4s. Make sure there is enough clearance for any appliance doors before you make your cuts.
We measured for the exact fit of this kitchen as well as our height, so I am not including exact measurements since your space will vary. They should fit to your space and needs.
I wanted the weathered pieces to be the most prominent, so we cut and fit them to the sides and attached by using the existing holes.
Look at that beautiful, natural gray, washed out by wind, sun and rain!
We built this DIY Pallet Kitchen Island’s to create additional storage space, but hidden from plain view.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.309603
Retrieved Text: How vibrant is your town centre?
The municipal council in Ste. Anne de Bellevue last week passed a new bylaw that gives the green light to restaurants and bars on the north side of Ste. Anne St. the opportunity to open an outdoor terrace on the sidewalk during non-winter months.
The move is a small step, but also a bold move. It aims to create a new, inviting feeling to the town’s central commercial core. It is designed to help add a little spark to the town’s sagging commercial zone. The council is hoping to help its commercial stakeholders create an atmosphere that will attract an audience and add an element of vibrancy.
Hopefully, the bar and restaurant owners will respond in kind. And all indications are that they will.
That vision is exactly what is needed to make Ste. Anne a destination location for people from across the West Island region who are looking for a weekend afternoon out or an evening of fun with friends. But it takes initiatives like this – small, bold moves by municipal councils who recognize that creating a happening, vibrant commercial core takes vision and planning. It just doesn’t happen.
I can’t wait till the snow is gone and the sun starts shining to head down to Ste. Anne’s and soak up some of the festiveness.
Perhaps I will meet you there?
As we make our way out of another winter, officials at every city hall in the West Island should be asking themselves: How vibrant is our city centre? And see what they come up

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.298472
Retrieved Text: In this paper we consider the classical situation falling on a desert island in the middle of the ocean. Yes, the case of most novels and adventure films, but still - it is different. Now we will talk about the first steps, actions that must take in distress. Namely, the exploration of the island.
What is needed to explore the island? First, make sure that it is an island. Second, check inhabited or not. Third, evaluate the resources that exist on the island to find water, food sources, the place for a permanent camp, to find the best building materials for houses and can be for the raft. Here's a list of tasks.
Most effectively explore the island from the heights. Just wander through the jungle or the taiga - is ineffective. Under the canopy of the forest, you will not see the big picture. You must determine the highest point of the island (or the most accessible of the highest peaks) and climb up to look around. Generally, if managed to climb the mountain or hill, one can not understand - or a piece of this island continent (or at least a large island, which is not bad).
After obtaining a general idea of the outlines of the island, the landscape, the sea around, the nature of forests and other places, you can begin a more detailed study. Although this is not done immediately. It is better to concentrate on building a temporary shelter on the beach, prepare a fire for heating and cooking, and several signal fires,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.295269
Retrieved Text: I appreciate what Carver and Crum are doing, particularly because their business is based on values that they believe in.
“The reason we’re doing natural wine is that’s the way we farm, it’s how we treat the land,” Carver says, referencing their own plot of land. For her, serving natural wines is a way to make a connection for local growers on the island who care deeply about how their food is grown.
It’s Friday, so if you needed a little wanderlust for your weekend, you’re welcome. Next time you’re on Orcas Island, make sure to drop in and say hi.
Most importantly, let’s heed Carver’s advice and remember to take things just a little less seriously once in awhile. Because if we can let go a little bit, we can better appreciate all those small moments in between. Breathe. Play. Enjoy.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.286974
Retrieved Text: James Grennen is a Certified Tax Resolution Specialist who is an expert in solving IRS tax problems and New York State tax problems. He has decades of financial tax experience in addition to being a U.S. Department of the Treasury certified Enrolled Agent. His work focuses on helping businesses, individuals, and couples experiencing tax difficulties.
Mr. Grennen brings a high level of expertise while offering substantial savings by utilizing tax attorneys and other specialists only when needed. IRS Enrolled Agents go through extensive specialized training for a deep professional understanding of the U.S. tax code. Typically, an Enrolled Agent is equipped to give some of the most informed opinion in the industry.
Many people think they need an attorney to handle their tax problems. Normally an attorney is only needed on some aspects of the minority of cases. Clients save a lot of money and often get a better outcome when U.S. Treasury certified Enrolled Agents handle their case, bringing in an attorney or other specialists only when needed, Grennen said.
James Grennen also holds an MBA from Rutgers University Graduate School of Business and is a Certified Financial Planner.
Grennen started out as an advertising copywriter, then held an editorial position with the New York Daily News before entering banking and finance. “One thing reporters do is follow the money. That is usually where the story goes and it explains how and why things happen. It was only natural that I developed a strong interest in finance,” Grennen said.
For 16 years Mr. Grennen was a financial advisor with Prudential

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.282442
Retrieved Text: Shamian Island: The Perfect Conclusion | What an Amazing World!
Elegant French and British colonial buildings abound. Manicured garden, European street lamps, artistic benches and patterned cobblestone courtyard outspread under shady old tress. Statues of a photographer, a group of children with their teacher, two pairs of Asian and European children, a fat lady, a family dressed in a distinctively British style and a violinist are some of the bronze statues which embellish this small island. Shamian Island – a sandbank small island in Guangzhou – is a perfect place for locals and foreign visitors to respite from the hustle and bustle of the city.
An unlikely haven in the country’s third largest city where more than 12 million people dwell, Shamian Island was originally administered by the British and the French between the 18th to the 19th century as an important trading port. Still retaining its past glory – reflected in the well-maintained European colonial buildings, today Shamian Island is occupied by some upscale restaurants and hotels, luring visitors like us.
Having only one night in the city, I decide to skip Guangzhou’s downtown altogether and opt for relaxing in this island. After all, Shamian Island is the place I really need after a challenging hike to Lao Zhai Hill, six-hour hike from the village of Yangdi to Xingping, and another challenging trip to Dazhai to see Longji Rice Terraces for the last few days. Shamian Island is indeed a proper place for a tranquil conclusion of my trip to Southern China.
Strike A Pose and Smile!
Nice shots …

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.270779
Retrieved Text: kitchen island rustic stone elegant rolling ideas rollin.
stone facing ideas spaces veneer kitchen island design pictures remodel decor and page islands.
stone top kitchen island textural salazar with.
these panels were just what i needed to complete the desired look of my kitchen without hefty price tag faux stone perfectly compliments wood island top.
quartz stone kitchen black island tops islands pictures.
quartz island stone kitchen top for intended prepare 7 stacked.
stone kitchen island white with top adding to the breakfast bar.
the value of stone kitchen island my home design journey islands pictures rustic.
it weights much less then real stone and is supposed to be very easy install this would look great in my future home kitchen island diy.
inspiration for a transitional kitchen remodel in with farmhouse sink recessed panel stone island designs house.
pure white quartz stone engineered kitchen islands intended for island stacked.
you can make your living space to kitchen more cohesive by tying fireplace stone into island or tie in a wall back splash better top islan.
kitchen island ideas stone top incredible.
stone kitchen island cabinets in matching finish give the interior an exotic look benches a.
stone kitchen islands island luxury waterfront with front top solid price black full size light.
red granite stone kitchen island tops design stacked.
stone kitchen island top bench black fantastic ideas sto.
stone kitchen islands medieval round wrought iron chandelier with decorative island design for diy.
before and after kitchen island makeover stone white with top.
pleasing stone kitchen islands island benches stacked delightful top.
stone kitchen island contemporary with breakfast bar chandelier cove dry stack transitional beige cabinets

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.256721
Retrieved Text: We specialize in the tools and products unique to a coastal environment.
Do you remember as you were growing up taking a trip down the street and around the corner to the local hardware store? You could find most of what you needed and everyone knew your name. This is why we opened Oak Island Hardware.
Oak Island Hardware serves both residential and commercial customers. You will find lots of items you may not have expected to find in a local hardware store.
We make it a point to specialize in the tools and products you need to keep the job moving forward. We also understand "time is money" so we deliver to your job sites every day.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.2314205
Retrieved Text: We make it easy to get your medications on time. Make sure to take advantage of our delivery services which can include delivery to Sayville with the Fire Island Ferry. Deliveries are $2 within a 5 mile radius. For questions stop by or call us today.
Take advantage of our free blood pressure testing and health screenings.
We have the largest selection of greeting cards including Spanish cards in the area.
We make all types of keys including special chip keys for automobiles (only $49.99).
Our staff is bilingual and we offer bilingual instructions for medication instructions as needed.
If you're in need of getting your picture taken for your passport, visit us today for quick, efficient pictures to include on your passport. For questions call us today.
We are home to the largest selection of Hispanic Products on Long Island. Visit us today to see what we have in store.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.185172
Retrieved Text: Platforms: App Store timed exclusive (iPhone® & iPad®). Other platforms may follow.
Languages: English. Other languages may be supported in future.
Enjoy an endless Summer of fun with the All-New, All-Island, Ultimate PhuttBuckit Island Adventure Game. Experience a world of wacky challenges and adventure that you can explore from the comfort of your favorite lawn chair.
Download the original free to play ‘Endless Bucket Toss Arcade Skill and Adventure Game’. Get the skill. Make some wild shots. Rack up points. Win Prizes. Pile up Treasure. Gather Adventure Gear and journey across a sea of Islands with unique themes, targets, and challenges. Discover the secret Prize Tank. Visit Devil’s Triangle, Shark Reef, Pirate Island, Tiki Island, and more. Can you shoot your way through all the Islands? Can you beat the best players’ longest streaks? What will YOU win? Download now to find out!
The ‘Ph’ is pronounced like an ‘F’, so ‘Phutt’ is pronounced like the word ‘Cut’ with an ‘F’.
Why is it named PhuttBuckit?
We wanted to make a mobile version of a game we played on a Cape Cod beach a few Summers ago. That first game was tossing small stones into a beach bucket filled with seawater. It was simple, pointless, funny and slightly addicting: sitting under beach umbrellas whiling away the hours, talking and joking around, tossing stones at a target – getting the toss just right to make it into the bucket. We began to propose names for our game, riffing on things like the ‘phhtttt’ sound the stones sometimes made, combined with ‘bucket’. After many

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.176567
Retrieved Text: The Island Strategic Partnership has developed a vision for the future. The vision is for a sustainable community that thrives amidst the natural beauty that surrounds us.
Eco Island is a vision which the ISP members share, and which they are all committed to deliver by 2020. Find out more about the ISP and how it will deliver Eco Island by clicking here.
The ISP will make Eco Island a reality; working together to achieve the sustainable development needed to fulfil the vision. Our future is based on ensuring social, economic and environmental sustainability.
The ambitions that underpin the Eco Island vision are set out under four themes.
Click here to find out more about these themes and how they help the ISP to organise the delivery of Eco Island.
The Eco Island vision is underpinned by values that will guide the development of Eco Island, The values can be found here.
The ISP has developed a list of priorities that partners will focus on as the first and underpinning changes needed to deliver the Eco Island vision. More about the Eco Island priorities can be found here.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.157761
Retrieved Text: HENRY LAURENT PROVIDES ALL OF THE TOOLS NEEDED to have a successful sale on the gold coast of long island.
Our goal is to organize, research, price and sell the contents of your home or estate in the most economical, professional and prompt way possible.
Full Service, transparent fee structure and custom sales - for any size home - are what make us #1 on the Gold Coast.
Artwork, Books, Coins, Vintage Toys, and more.​ Experts in the industry that find the right buyers.
We find the best outlet to liquidate your luxury items. On-site, online, auction or dealers.
We market your furniture to over 100,000 people in Long Island, NYC and Westchester.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.148187
Retrieved Text: While the last decade or two has brought it more recognition, cremation services in Gibson Island(MD) are still somewhat of an uncommon entity. However, it is fast becoming a more economical means of final disposition for deceased loved ones. Do you know how to go about planning for Gibson Island(MD) cremation services when someone close to you dies? There is a certain sequence of events that must occur in order for this option to come into play.
Cremation Services in Gibson Island(MD)- What to Do When Death Occurs?
When your loved one dies, medical authorities such as the attending physician or a medical examiner must verify the death as well as the cause. In the event death occurs after a long illness, the nursing home, hospital or personal physician in attendance calls the death. An unexpected or accidental death may require calling 911 which leads to a medical examiner handling the deceased. Before Gibson Island(MD) cremation services commence, once one of the above scenarios is carried out, the funeral establishment of your choice handles the transportation of the body to the crematory. You must make a formal identification of your deceased loved one's body in the presence of the funeral director.
Once your loved one is transported to the funeral establishment of your choice and identified formally in the presence of the director, there are certain pieces of information you will need to bring with you in order to set the plans for cremation services in Gibson Island(MD) in motion. You will need to provide your deceased loved one's

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.137634
Retrieved Text: The Pawleys Island area is home to some of the most beautiful wetlands and inlets that you’ll find along the entire east coast. These lush landscapes are truly majestic and make for awe-inspiring journeys and explorations. And coming up on Saturday, September 8th you and your fellow travelers can get up close and personal with the tranquil Waccamaw River during the 4th Annual Ride the Tide event! No class five rapids here, just a laid-back ride for four beautiful miles through the lowcountry paradise of Pawleys Island.
Organized by Giving It Forward Together (GIFT), Ride the Tide has been a fantastic charity event that has raised thousands of dollars the past three years for area charities. This year proceeds from the event will be donated to the Lowcountry Food Bank, serving the 10 coastal counties of South Carolina and providing at-risk children and families with much needed food supplies, especially in underserved rural areas. From summer meals helping children who may go hungry while school is out to senior outreach programs, the Lowcountry Food Bank is a truly remarkable charity and since 1983 they have partnered with 300 agencies to provide over 28 million pounds of food and 24 million meals served to over 200,000 individuals along the coast.
By joining in the Ride the Tide event, not only to you get to donate to a fantastic charity and help those in need, but you get to experience a relaxing day-long trip down the scenic Waccamaw River. Bring any non-motorized craft or flotation device and the journey will

================



======= Instance Index 52 =========
Input Text: Revolution happens when

Which is the correct answer?
- Earth orbits the moon
- Mars orbits the sun
- the sun orbits the Earth
- the Earth's moon orbits Mars

Target Text: Mars orbits the sun

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.52675
Retrieved Text: Pick up three bottles of Revolution Rub and save!
Old Glory "Revolution Rub" was born out of a love for America and passion for the art of BBQ.
Master your meats on a backyard or professional pit with the all-new, highly-anticipated Revolution Rub. This rub -- with its perfect coloration and flavor profile -- will make your ribs look and taste irresistible.
Sprinkle it generously on pork, poultry or beef and earn the "pit master" designation from your friends and family because, trust me -- they're going to ask what your secret is. Happens all the time.
Revolution Rub has all the elements of a tasty, southern rub, including brown sugar, chili powder, cumin and paprika. It also contains a special addition of premium spices that we can't tell you about but hope you'll trust us when we tell you it's mouth-watering.
If you're ready to take your meats to the next level, give Revolution Rub a shot.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.438156
Retrieved Text: In the next decade, platforms will compete over alignment with their users’ human values. At present, all the platforms are terrible at this. Facebook, Apple, and Google — from their notification screens to their feeds — ignore their users’ will and intent, ignore their users’ values, and abuse users by directing their attention towards advertising or towards greater platform engagement.
The values revolution will be as big as the design revolution. There will be an Apple of values. And there will also be new players, new interface concepts, new types of careers in tech. The values revolution will begin when users start to see the possibility of values-aligned tech, and to discover that their lives are warped by tech with values contrary to their own.
(2) Cf. What happens when you mistake user engagement for customer success.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.910806
Retrieved Text: Buzzword used by Silicon Valley gurus, often in conjunction with innovation, as in &apos;disruptive innovation&apos;. It&apos;s supposed to sound cool and radical - like revolution - but it&apos;s also terribly empty, so technies and entrepreneurs using the term constantly have to explain why the digital world is so disruptive, compared to like the Industrial Revolution. Which is where it all falls flat.
"We are creating a 3D World, where Data and Digital combine to Disrupt current business models. Only when that happens, you actually see Disruption at work."
Get a disruption mug for your guy Rihanna.
Get a Disruption mug for your buddy José.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.84953
Retrieved Text: Show us a picture of your bike from the side, as it is at the moment.
Are the British particularly big polluters?
as and when being...how often? i wonder if the bristles separate from the brush head quicker when the brush is bamboo. it is difficult trying to be eco-friendly, that much is true.
Wouldn't double butted spokes all round be better (re unwinding) for a lightweight rim and better still, thin gauge DT Revolution spokes? Revolution spokes are rather expensive though.
What happens then, they tap into the GPS on your phone to figure out where you are?
Correction, banning children from playing in unsuitable areas, like water features. Post-truth stories for a post-truth readership.
You are Russell Brand and I claim my £10.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.84578
Retrieved Text: People say it is the next revolution after the smartphone. We all need to be aware of what happens next and how this will impact our daily life.
I believe that the future of automotive will drastically change our lives in a positive way and am very excited about all that happens next. Starting from autonomous vehicles up to flying cars – I believe that all this will be possible very soon, we just need to trust in technology.
Explore, educate yourself and get excited for 2025 – the year when future is supposed to get real.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.706129
Retrieved Text: What Really Happens When You Drink The "Shaman Drink" Ayahuasca?
Could "microdoses" of LSD be used to help depression?
Amanda Feilding and Cosmo Feilding Mellen - The Micro-Dose vs. The Mystical Experience: Has LSD Turned its Back on the Psychedelic Revolution?
Can The US Become A Marijuana Superpower Under Trump?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.651845
Retrieved Text: Seriously, covers are what gets me wanting to read that particular book, and this isn't an exception. And I like it when a revolution or rebellion happens in a book, it's absolutely thrilling, such as the Delirium series by Lauren Oliver! I just like the touch of originality in these types of books!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.477585
Retrieved Text: He also notes that geneticist Razib Khan, discussing the same thing, goes with Rosamund Pike (below) as his illustration.
If I were asked to pick the pinnacle of British blue-eyed, blonde haired evolution, I would have picked Alice Eve, seen below chatting with Scottish immigrant Craig Ferguson, when he was on the Late Late Show. I don't think that chatting with Alice Eve is a job Americans won't do, but there it is.
Of course, all these ladies are exceptional (many Britons look like Jason Statham instead) but it makes the serious point that "evolution" is something that happens in historical time.
Check out Sailer's A Farewell To Alms: Why Did The Industrial Revolution Happen Where It Did? and A Farewell To Alms Part II: Why Have Some Countries Profited From The Industrial Revolution?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.475325
Retrieved Text: On this page you can download We The Revolution Trainer for free and without registration. This trainer +5 developed by CheatHappens for game version 1.0.3. If you experience any difficulty in the game «We The Revolution (2019)» or just want to have fun, this cheat is created specially for you! To download Trainer, use the link at the bottom of the page.
Get more powerful We The Revolution Trainer v1.0.3 at Cheat Happens.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.219868
Retrieved Text: EastSouthWestNorth: "I Am Super Girl and I'm Afraid of No One"
"I Am Super Girl and I'm Afraid of No One"
It is said that information technology for consumers will lead to a revolution of civilian journalism. When every citizen is carrying a digital camera, nothing happens without full digital documentation. There is still the question: are you sure that you want to see everything that happens? The following photos were found at 6Park. There is no explanation about where the place is (except the car license plate number in the seventh photo is from Guangdong, possibly Shantou).
This is how the photos end. What happened after this? There is no answer. Nobody says that civilian journalism needs to be fair, balanced or complete.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.163922
Retrieved Text: > mission if it happens.
>>> kind as to forward the message to them.
>>>> disobedience and BE CAREFUL.
>>>>> across the city. In addition we're looking at organizing tools now.
>>>>> can stay coordinate and not duplicate efforts.
>>>>>>> learning about the revolution.
>>>>>>> walls / blocks / avenues with stickers about the revolution.
>>>>>>> see what it is about and want to check it out.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.13977
Retrieved Text: If you missed Dr Bush and the Restore webinar, don’t worry! Here it is for your viewing pleasure – please share! Discount code on the TMR blog (TMR15) for 15% off. Watch this feed in the next few days to learn how to access autoship at 20% off.
The gut and brain are intimately connected. As the gut barrier degrades, it increases intestinal permeability, commonly known as leaky gut. This, in turn, leads to permeability of the blood brain barrier. In this webinar, Dr. Zach Bush will outline how permeability occurs and steps to improve your overall health.
Please register for The Gut-Brain Connection: How Injury Happens and What You Can Do About It HERE. After registering you will receive a confirmation email containing information about joining the training.
This webinar is brought to you by The Thinking Moms’ Revolution and Restore For Health.
The Thinking Moms’ Revolution is presenting this Webinar for informational purposes only. It is your responsibility to know and comply with your state regulations. Always remember to connect with your child’s physician before implementing any treatment protocol.
One Response to The Gut-Brain Connection | How Injury Happens and What You Can Do About It. FREE Webinar!
Hi! Just came across your site! Great article on your son and vaccines. Thank you for your bravery and sharing. Sorry about all the attacks. I stopped discussing with people although my heart breaks when they head for the needles….

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.129988
Retrieved Text: Capturing the violence, tragedy, history, and drama of the French Revolution, this novel focuses on the families and loves of three men who led the Revolution Danton, the charismatic leader and orator Robespierre, the cold rationalist and Desmoulins, the rabble rouser.
If you want to begin to understand how revolution happens, how individuals get to manipulate the mob, how rioters can be triggered to bring down a government or a monarch, this well researched and beautifully written fictionalised account of the French revolution is a good place to start.
This is highly recommended for history buffs. Hilary Mantel is a phenomenal writer. She made me believe she was there and saw. Good stuff.
Very cool history of the French Revolution told in a fictionalized style. The insight of the author into human behavior, and the fullness she gives these vivid yet dry characters from history is amazing! Truly a great book.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.078505
Retrieved Text: Human Events says that Juan Williams was "visibly shaken" by his PC firing. It's obvious that this has never happened to him before, because he was immune. It happens to us all the time.
Kathy Shaidle has a good roundup of reactions. The weirdest "revolution eating its own" aspect of this is that Williams was defending Muslims from Bill O'Reilly when he interjected a brief moment of normal fear of Muslim terrorists.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.078505
Retrieved Text: While WWE thrills the European crowds, a couple in Washington state say “YES YES YES” to their new daughter Birdie. Maybe someday this little girl will be part of another Women’s revolution as the Womens’ divisions are getting their very own tournament! Plus, Strowman’s not so invincible, R-Truth getting a Network show, and what happens when an A-lister and the Deanarchist run Raw? Nikki Heyman and company’s got you covered!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.047724
Retrieved Text: City bans on petrol cars, auto manufacturers announcing the electrification of their fleets, and battery innovations were just some of the top headlines within the last year in electric mobility. It’s safe to say that the movement is growing… but is it developing fast enough? We don’t think the world can afford to wait.
To accelerate the movement, industry movers and shakers need an environment where they can share creative and effective local solutions to global challenges. With that, an annual gathering of today’s top eMobility minds was born: rEVolution.
A revolution happens when we find ourselves at a tipping point, without us realizing that it’s actually happening. We’ve seen it with the Walkman and cassette turning into Spotify in just twenty years. But how did the music industry move faster than the 120 km/h vehicle that’s been dominating the world for over a hundred years? It’s time for change. It’s time for that tipping point.
I’d like to thank you for joining us in this revolution. Your contributions, whether big or small, will make a lasting impact on the mobility and transportation industry. Building a zero-emission world is not something I can do alone, it’s something we have to—and will—fix together.
For our rEVolution attendees this year, we’ve collected the keynotes, videos, and ideas from your brainstorm sessions in a unique publication. Enjoy your rEVolution rEView and see you next year!
rEVolution is the annual networking and idea-sharing conference for the eMobility industry. Each year, the sector’s finest gather in Amsterdam for a full day of inspiring presentations and conversations

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.018562
Retrieved Text: Head threatens revolution if Obama is reelected and thinks Obama will be giving up US sovereignty.
“He's going to try to hand over the sovereignty of the United States to the U.N., and what is going to happen when that happens? I'm thinking the worst. Civil unrest, civil disobedience, civil war maybe. And we're not just talking a few riots here and demonstrations, we're talking Lexington, Concord, take up arms and get rid of the guy."

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.998773
Retrieved Text: The latest Prima Klima EC fan is very economical and generates at the same time a good pressure. The new development by Prima Klima is a fan with a port for an external climate control device or a speed controller. These controllers, e.g. from GrowControl, are easily connected to the fan via a common RJ45 network cable. A pipeline length of 50 meter is no problem. In case that there is no controller connected, the EC fan runs on full power. This also happens due to the emergency operation function, in case that the controlling device fails. The fan revolution can be adjusted via a potentiometer inside the housing. To do so, just untighten the two screws and remove the cover. When the revolution is reduced, no power loss (e.g. heat or humming) occurs. Thereby the fan saves up to 70% energy in comparison to the AC fans. The fan motor sends out a revolution signal, which can be processed and indicated by compatible controllers, e.g. by Growcontrol or Prima Klima.
The Circular in-line fan EC blue has a German ebmpapst RadiCal-impeller inside. Both radial impeller are equipped with rear-facing wings, which allow for a strong airflow, even with depression, which can occur when a filter is used. The motors contain a maintenance free and durable precision ball-bearing, a thermal safety-switch, and are revolution speed controllable. The fans run with an extraordinary low noise emission and excel the energy efficiency norm ERP2015. Connection and regulation technology are situated in the high-quality connection box. Stable mounting straps enable

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.868251
Retrieved Text: As the British army comes closer to Philadelphia during the American Revolution, Thomas, a Quaker, grapples with the conflict between his faith and the duty that now seems to be of the utmost necessity. When he and his two best friends join the Edgmont militia, they all promise to take care of one another, no matter what happens. but war is nothing at all as any of them imagined and when terrible tragedy strikes, Thomas finds himself having to re-confront his deepest beliefs and worst fears. Some readers have said they found the book unsuitable for younger readers.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.748821
Retrieved Text: They say "every generation needs a new revolution." If that is so, every revolution needs a leader. It's also said that the youth of Africa are the leaders of tomorrow. We believe that now is the time for a revolution of change in Africa. We believe that the next 50 years will be a time where Africa will reach its God given destiny. But considering where we are now and what we are striving to achieve in the next 50 years, it is clear we are going to need a sudden and momentous way of bringing change; we need a revolution.
For Africa to start the revolution of change, Africa needs a new breed of leaders to lead the revolution. This is where the youth come in. Leaders are not born, they are made. We need to be intentional in producing them. David wasn't born a leader or a warrior. But he was made into one in a desert with a few sheep; same with Moses. We need to intentionally build the competence of Africa's biggest resource; its youth. They will need to be planted on solid kingdom values and also given the opportunity to exercise their God-given talents and leadership skills. We will need to expose them to resources that will enhance their dreams and their passion. They will need "little sheep" like David and Moses to grow with and develop their leadership skills. Finally, we need to produce a generation that feels the weight of the responsibility it carries.
So on the road to destiny, mobilizing

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.716045
Retrieved Text: When not immersed in comics or pondering future Worlds, Rahul is an Senior Interaction Designer at R/GA in New York City. His cross-disciplinary work involves the design of compelling user experiences for a variety of projects. He has worked for the past ten years in theatre, architecture and interaction design. Having worked and wandered in Sweden, India, USA, France and Germany, he's still eager to learn more! Rahul is tweeting @rahulsen79.
The ‘IxD Bauhaus’ – what happens next?
The interaction design community is witnessing an important revolution – an ‘IxD Bauhaus’ of sorts.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.694681
Retrieved Text: When I first caught up with Robert Herjavec last year (below) I peppered him with non-stop Shark Tank questions. That&apos;s just what happens when a superfan comes face-to-face with his favorite mogul. This time around though, we take the focus off my favorite show and onto your wallet.
With the help of Small Business Revolution, Herjavec gives us advice on interviewing and some tips on how to score a raise. Naturally, we also touch on Shark Tank and Mark Cuban&apos;s chances of crushing Donald Trump in a presidential election, which—according to the Dallas Mavericks owner, at least—is a no brainer.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.686548
Retrieved Text: Frank has a geeky older sister, Ray is just a big geek what happens when they "meet"?
Join Remus Lupin as he journeys through life as a werewolf.
Bob takes on two uber rich girls for the Projekt Revolution tour. It's a six week lesson in music, love and life.
A tragedy tears their friendship apart but what or who will mend it. Sequel of "To Save a Life".
Two simple errands, who knew one would change his life and make him realize again what it was all about.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.650522
Retrieved Text: Don’t wish for a solution to your problems. Be the solution, with the way you live each moment.
If you hold out hope that something will come along to make it all better, you’ll be disappointed. Life gets better when you choose to live it in a positive, intentional, responsible and fulfilling way.
Good fortune is not something that happens to you. Rather, it is the way you can choose to be, no matter what happens.
If your happiness is dependent on factors beyond your control, you’ll never be secure enough in it to enjoy it. If you have to beg for favors, those favors will be of little use to you.
Good fortune is yours when you take full and complete ownership of it. Fulfillment is yours when you make the effort and commitment to live it each day.
Embrace total responsibility, and own your good fortune. All is well because you choose to make it so.
Have a great week, now go make your Mark.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged Brazil, Confidence, good fortune, Health, life, make your Mark on life, Motivation, People, Ralph Marsden, revolution, World Cup by makeyourmarkonlife. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.59729
Retrieved Text: A Tale of Two Cities is a book written by Charles Dickens. It was published (printed) in 1859. It is set during the time of the French Revolution (1775-1793). The story happens in France and England. It talks about the French Revolution and the troubles the poor go through and how the rich ignore them. The main characters are Sydney Carton, Charles Darnay and their love interest, Lucie Manette. The story's main theme is society.
A Tale of Two Cities Facts for Kids. Kiddle Encyclopedia.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.540537
Retrieved Text: The Future of Fintech 2019 is yet another groundbreaking fintech event you should visit. This particular event is different because it brings together startups, venture capitals, financial services behemoths, and virtually everyone building the financial revolution of tomorrow.
How exactly the revolution happens on a daily basis? Well, Mario Schlosser (Oscar Health), Jay Farner (Quicken Loans), Mellisa Guzy (Arbor Ventures), and Steve Streit (Green Dot) along with many others will share their vision on the matter.
Future of Fintech 2019 will take place in New York, on June 11-13.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.52912
Retrieved Text: There are plenty of opportunities to interact with the author, including Facebook, Twitter, and Goodreads. Below is some dialogue the author has had with fans.
Arlys Mills What happens when one mans freedom intersects with the freedom of another?
Barry Kelly Freedom doesn’t give anyone the right to harm another. Freedom must be based on the rule of law. Without law there is no justice. Without justice there is no freedom.
Barry Kelly It is often hard to tell who is really standing up for the workers. A lot of people and organizations have badly used the workers. Look at the history of the Russian revolution. Workers do best when there is individual freedom for all.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.448187
Retrieved Text: There are a multitude of reasons why cultures change. Some examples include innovation, diffusion and revolution. Although this is not a complete list, history shows that these factors have important implications on culture.... The New York Islanders are ushering in a new era of ownership after 14 years of misery under the direction of Charles Wang, according to an Aug. 19 report from ESPN.
8/04/2018�� Hello Asp.net MVC programmers, I have a problem that I can not resolve for two days already, help or advise is realy appreciate. I have ActionLink that pass email (string) parameter in � how to come up with your own logo - A - acculturation the process by which a culture is transformed due to the massive adoption of cultural traits from another society--it is what happens to a culture when alien traits diffuse in on a large scale and substantially replace traditional cultural patterns.
- A - acculturation the process by which a culture is transformed due to the massive adoption of cultural traits from another society--it is what happens to a culture when alien traits diffuse in on a large scale and substantially replace traditional cultural patterns.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.402777
Retrieved Text: When learners hack their own curriculum.
To achieve a sustainable learning revolution requires support and action from learners and their parents (who must also be learners themselves). For our latest report, university students at campuses across the world 'hacked' the curriculum they are being taught - to find out what happens when you put learners in the lead of the learning revolution.
Learners must be consulted in a meaningful way, and the policy world needs to listen to their answers.
Replicate the method in the report to run your own education hackathon. Share on #surviving21century and email your results to info@globallearninggoals.com. Tom Fletcher will integrate the best ideas into his 2020 January course at New York University Abu Dhabi.
‘The World Needs Global Learning Goals’ outlines the exciting conversation happening in learning, the challenges we face, and how Towards Global Learning Goals is helping.
‘From Ferment to Fusion’ looks further at the obstacles to global learning goals. Using innovations and coalitions, we identify a practical action for each challenge.
‘Our Tech Manifesto’ includes an open letter to tech leaders to stir a ‘learning reawakening’. We set out how tech can solve education problems, rather than just disrupt it.
‘Universities of the Future’ asks global experts existential questions about the future of the university and starts to propose some answers.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.366871
Retrieved Text: In the 1800s, during the Industrial Revolution, there was not enough space. Dense populations swarmed into cities hoping to get a piece of the American Dream. In response to these growing cities, land was strategically mapped out to accommodate large amounts of people, and even more land was planned out when those people started their own businesses.
But what happens when the opposite occurs? What happens when people pack up and leave these cities, abandoning their land and structures previously used to house their businesses?
The Ohio Land Exchange plans to address exactly that. Starting with Lima, Ohio, the program hopes to encourage stake-holders, like Head Start Lima, interested in more space to negotiate and share structures in the city, and ultimately turn those tax deficiencies into productive lands. Van Maasakkers, along with two co-principal investigators, Kristi Cheramie and Jacob Boswell, started the project in the summer and plan to work with the city of Lima for two years, and hopefully move on to other cities in Ohio after that.
The first phase of the OH-LEX is interviewing prospective stakeholders. Then, a map will be constructed based on the areas that each organization likes. If their interests overlap, a negotiation is planned to try to accommodate the needs of each group.

================



======= Instance Index 154 =========
Input Text: What creates a valley?

Which is the correct answer?
- feet
- rock
- water
- sand

Target Text: water

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.541346
Retrieved Text: The tranquility of the sea and the charm of a cozy cottage harmonize in Palm Valley. The rectangular table creates incomparable style by combining coastal and cottage elements in a soft bisque with natural pine finish. Rectangular table features one 18" leaf.
The tranquility of the sea and the charm of a cozy cottage harmonize in Palm Valley. The upholstered splat back counter chair creates incomparable style by combining coastal and cottage elements in a soft bisque with natural pine finish. Upholstered in a nubby linen fabric.
The tranquility of the sea and the charm of a cozy cottage harmonize in Palm Valley. The buffet and hutch create incomparable style by combining coastal and cottage elements in a soft bisque with natural pine finish. The buffet features satin nickel cup & drop ring hardware, wine bottle storage and stemware holders, while the hutch has touch lighting with sliding doors.
The tranquility of the sea and the charm of a cozy cottage harmonize in Palm Valley. The gathering table creates incomparable style by combining coastal and cottage elements in a soft bisque with natural pine finish. Gathering table features one 18" leaf.
The tranquility of the sea and the charm of a cozy cottage harmonize in Palm Valley. The upholstered X back side chair creates incomparable style by combining coastal and cottage elements in a soft bisque with natural pine finish. Upholstered in a nubby linen fabric.
The tranquility of the sea and the charm of a cozy cottage harmonize in Palm Valley. The upholstered X back counter chair creates incomparable style

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.403399
Retrieved Text: In a valley, a dog lives happily with his master, an uncommon shepherd. This shepherd doesn’t only shear his sheep’s wool, he creates clouds out of it, to make rain, thus preserving the cycle of life. But if the shepherd wasn’t everlasting, what would happen to the valley ? The young dog would have to be creative and persistent to avoid the worst.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.994219
Retrieved Text: Tualatin Valley Creates inspires our diverse community to connect to the heart and soul of Washington County through arts, culture, heritage, and the humanities.
Our vision is to foster ever-expanding opportunities for you to connect to local creatives and experiment with creativity yourself, experiencing joy, personal growth, and greater connection to friends, family, and community through arts, culture, heritage, and the humanities.
Tualatin Valley Creates is a 501(c)(3) organization.
The Westside Cultural Alliance is formed by a group of dedicated arts advocates in Washington County with the goal of serving as a countywide vehicle for arts advocacy.
Gains recognition as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization and public charity. The organization files Articles of Incorporation with the state of Oregon.
Produces “Westside Stories,” a cable access show highlighting the local arts scene on Tualatin Valley Community Television . The program, later called Westside Cultural Connection, ran through 2010.
Launches a networking events series around Washington County for people interested in arts, culture, heritage, and the humanities. These events continue to be a core service of Tualatin Valley Creates.
Begins hosting professional development workshops for artists and arts organizations in partnership with the Regional Arts & Culture Council. These workshops continue to be a core service of Tualatin Valley Creates.
Establishes an online repository for local artists and arts organizations. The repository is later named ArtStage is eventually absorbed into the main WCA website.
Helps initiate the publication of the Washington County Arts Guide, a quarterly full-color tabloid produced by Community Newspapers with 50,000 copies printed per issue.
Restructures staff contracts and is able to double staff time from

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.604872
Retrieved Text: Lost Valley Legacy is the recently announced new expansion to the hit VRMMORPG (Virtual Reality Massively Multi-player Online Role Playing Game) Lost Valley that we all know and love.
You have chosen to test this new expansion. Your adventure will begin after you create your character. Even we on the development team aren't sure what will await you in Ehrasil. This is due to our state of the art AI director which creates the quests, NPC's, terrain, and enemies you will be interacting with.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.036746
Retrieved Text: August 31, 1935: FDR signs the Tennessee Valley Act which creates the Tennessee Valley Authority to oversee navigation, flood control, electrical production and economic development in the Tennessee Valley.
FDR Library Photo Collection. NPx. 52-333.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.983176
Retrieved Text: Please join us at Glendale Ridge Vineyard for the 2019 Fundraiser to celebrate and support the historic Academy of Music Theatre! The Academy spends all year bringing diverse arts programming to the pioneer valley, but we can’t do it without the support of our community. Come sit out on the winery lawn, enjoy the views, a glass of wine (the first one is on us!), the sweet tunes of Eavesdrop, and remember for a moment what it means to live in the Pioneer Valley. We can’t wait to see you there!
*The price of ticket includes 1 (one) glass of wine and all the small bites you can handle.
Hailing from the Northeast, these Pioneer Valley natives provide a sound all their own -- a perfect combination of soulful vocals, intricate harmonies, warm acoustics, and moving rhythm. Stripped-down, raw, and natural, their music flourishes in the most intimate of spaces. Their vibrant dynamic creates a unique experience for each listener -- constantly crossing the lines between something hauntingly beautiful and incredibly fun!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.887843
Retrieved Text: The Shenandoah Valley is known for it’s beauty and the friendliness of it’s residents. It is also becoming known as one of the premier locations in Virginia for Wedding Venues.
As one of the top licensed and insured Shenandoah Valley Wedding Venues, On Sunny Slope Farm is proud to be part of what we hope will be your Shenandoah Valley Wedding.
On Sunny Slope Farm is tucked away in the heart of the Shenandoah Valley Wedding Venue just moments away from historic Harrisonburg. On Sunny Slope Farm is a premier venue for gracious rustic chic country weddings. Envision you and your beloved exchanging vows in a finely manicured garden, sharing your first kiss as husband and wife beneath a romantic wooden arbor. The emerald Appalachian mountains soar in the background, providing an ideal setting for this hallmark moment. Celebrate your union in your choice of outdoor garden locations, within the rustic barn or beneath an airy white tent, all of which offer highly personalized spaces to dine and dance. Aside from our beautiful facilities, the farm’s scenic 67 acre property creates an ideal backdrop for all of your most special moments, as well as unforgettable wedding photos. With over 20 years of experience throwing fairy tale weddings, it may come as little surprise that the our exceptional staff provides first class service that is sure to impress you and your guests. Host your quintessential storybook occasion at the gorgeous On Sunny Slope Farm!
We recently won several couples choice awards from Wedding Wire and My Wedding. You can read

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.731203
Retrieved Text: Welcome to a new year of West Valley Activities! There is a renewed energy and spirit that comes along with the beginning of each season. This year at West Valley, the Athletic Department is looking to establish tremendous momentum that will catapult our programs into a very successful 2017-2018. In my 11th year at West Valley, I can promise that our coaches and staff will continue to work hard to create an environment that creates excellence and expects the best. Our focus is on what we can accomplish together and how each member of our department can fulfill their role. By doing so, we feel that group achievement will be a byproduct of our total team effort. We look forward to what this year has in store for the Wolfpack.
We will continue to encourage our student athletes to compete with passion and to do it with class and dignity. We believe that Success can be defined in many ways and having programs that prepare, execute, and completely exhaust themselves in competition is part of the Wolfpack tradition. Our goal is that all involved in Wolfpack activities this year is to come together as a unit/family, put the best effort forward each day, and be proud of our school/teams.
On behalf of our coaches, athletic boosters, parent volunteers, students, and alumni, we welcome you to West Valley and thank you for your support. Through our combined efforts, we will continue to generate the continued resources necessary for consistent success within our programs. I encourage those young and old

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.511326
Retrieved Text: Whether you're a longtime Arizona resident or a newcomer, chances are there's something you've always wondered about the Valley. From The Arizona Republic and azcentral.com comes Valley 101, a weekly podcast where our journalists find answers to your questions about metro Phoenix. From silly to serious, you tell us what to investigate. You can submit questions at valley101podcast.azcentral.com or reach us on Twitter @Valley101pod.
Population part 2: Just how big could we get?
Population part 1: How did the Valley get so big?
Does Phoenix have a gayborhood?
How did Phoenix get its name?
What happened to Terminal 1 at Phoenix Sky Harbor airport?
What happens to recycling after it leaves our homes?
Does the pollution in Phoenix shape our sunsets?
What creates the brilliant red and pink sunsets in Phoenix? Local folklore says that the pollution in Phoenix shapes our sunsets. But is that true? Katie O'Connell, the head of podcasts for The Arizona Republic and azcentral.com, found out.&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>Tell us your questions about metro Phoenix at valley101podcast.azcentral.com or find us on Twitter at @valley101pod. You can reach Katie on Twitter at @katieoc.
Why does Phoenix have so many wrong-way drivers?
Every year, there are dozens of car crashes involving wrong-way drivers in Arizona. How does metro Phoenix compare with other metropolitan areas across the country? What is causing this problem, and can we do to stop it? Arizona Republic and azcentral.com producer Téa Francesca Price investigates.<br>Tell us your questions about metro Phoenix at <a href="https://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/arizona/2019/01/25/phoenix-arizona-podcast/2348016002/">valley101podcast.azcentral.com</a> or find us on Twitter at <a href="https://twitter.com/valley101pod">@valley101pod</a>. You can reach Téa on Twitter <a href="https://twitter.com/_tfprice"><strong>@</strong>_tfprice</a>.
What was the Roosevelt Row

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.45385
Retrieved Text: Would you like an affordable and convenient option to update your kitchen or bathroom, without the cost of a renovation? Fox Valley Bathtub Refinishing quickly transforms fixtures from eyesore to centerpiece. We’ll refinish it today so you can use it tomorrow. Call Fox Valley at (847) 650-6271 to request a free quote for your bathtub refinishing or other service in Geneva or the surrounding area.
Is your bathroom worn down, stained, or an outdated color? Fox Valley refinishes surfaces, quickly updating the look of your room for 75-85% less than the cost of replacement fixtures. Our services include bathtub, shower, countertop, sink, and tile refinishing. We also provide fiberglass tub repairs (including showers and other fiberglass fixtures) to fix any chips, cracks, or holes.
We also refinish jacuzzis and whirlpools and their surrounding units. And for those needing to increase accessibility, we provide tub-to-shower conversions.
We use eco-friendly products, whether for countertop refinishing or fiberglass tub repairs. Fox Valley’s proven adhesion process is unique to the industry and creates a truly beautiful finish that is also incredibly strong and durable. Our technicians are certified and trained experts, committed to customer satisfaction. We even use a special ventilation system to reduce overspray and enhance the health and safety of our customers.
Fox Valley, the expert in tub refinishing, is a company built on honesty and stands behind its work. We offer free quotes to our customers in Geneva and the surrounding areas of Sycamore, Buffalo Grove, Batavia, Naperville, and beyond. To learn more about what Fox Valley can do for you,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.413054
Retrieved Text: The Ephron mini pendant by Hudson Valley frames an opal matte glass shade in old bronze tone for a modern look.
The Ephron mini pendant from Hudson Valley is a simple and elegant modernist look in an old bronze tone with an open cage design. This small fixture features a opal matte glass shade that diffuses light evenly for a look that creates atmosphere with ease. The Ephron mini pendant is great for offering overhead light down hallways, over countertops and kitchen islands, and more.
17 1/2" high x 10" wide. Hang-straight canopy is 4 3/4" wide. Weighs 9 lbs.
Ephron contemporary mini pendant by Hudson Valley.
Old bronze finish over steel construction. Opal matte glass shade.
An extraordinary silhouette creates an image of colliding planetary rings in this bronze four-light LED pendant.
A sleek ribbed glass and matching finial reveals this breathtakingOld World-inspired aged brass mini pendant hails from today.
The Sovereign energy-efficient LED mini pendant is designed with a minimalist open lantern design in aged brass finish with a cool off-white linen shade.
A sphere encircles candlesuniting modern and classic in this oil rubbed bronze and crystal three-light mini pendant from Maxim.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.380205
Retrieved Text: Butterfly Valley - Petaloudes. Petaloudes is the name of a valley on the Greek island of Rhodes. In the months of June, July and August many butterflies linger in Petaoudes. Petalouda means butterfly. A special butterfly species lives in this beautiful valley; the “Jersey Tiger Moth” (Euplagia quadripunctaria rhodosensis).
The butterflies are attracted to the vanilla-like scent given off by the Oriental Sweetgum trees in this area. These trees in Petaloudes Valley have a resin that attracts the moths and creates a unique biotope.
The Butterfly Valley is a lovely area with streams, waterfalls and bridges. The Butterfly Valley is also worth visiting outside the butterfly season, when it is less crowded and nature is still very impressive. It is a fantastic stroll through the shady valley.
There are a lot of stairs, bridges, rocks and tree stumps, so we advise that you wear sturdy shoes. In high season (July and August) come as early as possible to visit the valley, to avoid the crowds and the heat.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.345882
Retrieved Text: You did what?............. we put a small amount of white grapes (Viognier) in with the red grapes (Shiraz).
Well it’s nothing to get upset about they have been doing it in the Rhone Valley for hundreds of years.
Why? The Viognier addition which is less than 10% helps to soften the somewhat forthright nature of Shiraz. Additionally, it lifts the aromatics on the nose to a new level not ordinarily seen.
It creates a somewhat contrasted wine both powerful in flavour yet soft, supple and obliging. Be brave!
Think – A broadsword in the hands of a capable, beautiful woman!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.230234
Retrieved Text: The Cardinale Estate is situated on its own knoll in the heart of Napa Valley's renowned Oakville District. It consists of a striking stone winery, which features a spacious tasting room with expansive views overlooking the valley.; Cardinale creates a single wine from each vintage. The wine is a limited production Cabernet Sauvignon-based blend made from distinct and diverse mountain vineyards situated in the Mayacamas and Vaca mountain ranges surrounding the Napa Valley.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.227227
Retrieved Text: EAHAE International Member: Leadership with Horses, Paul and Sarah Jackson.
What would it mean to you and the teams (family or organisational) you work with to make lasting improvements to communication, negotiation, coordination, responsibility, integrity, humility and emotional congruence? And to have a strong sense of direction and purpose?
Paul and Sarah Jackson run their Leadership with Horses programmes from their organic family farm in the Slad Valley.
The amazing sensitivity and powerful feedback of horses generates awareness. This experiential learning creates a space where potential can become performance, often the learning is both dramatic and sustained. Working with horses enables us to distinguish who we are and what is fundamentally important to us - with unforeseen clarity and powerful intention.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.22069
Retrieved Text: Román Cisneros, our Cellar Master and employee of thirty years, embodies the heart and commitment that creates our wines. This Zinfandel is from our vineyards in Alexander Valley, McDowell Valley and the Yorkville Highlands. Made in Román’s favorite style, it is rich and lush with powerful structure.
"Succulent red cherry, plum, spice...all propped up by bright acids."

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.19961
Retrieved Text: Vrzo what the fat32 download FAT32 Format, free and safe download. FAT32 Format latest version: FAT32 Doesn't Go Above 2 GB? Think Again. FAT32 Format. Vrzo what the fat32 format. PLEASE NOTE FORMATTING WILL ERASE THE DRIVE AND IF YOUR NOT SURE WHAT YOUR DOING COULD. Vrzo what the fat32 download - X files theme midi download. FAT32 Format, free and safe download. FAT32 Format latest version: FAT32 Doesn't Go Above 2.
Kumari download chanda ringtone. The Kingdom of Sweden - Konungariket Sverige. Boston - Cambridge - Newton, MA- NH Spokane - Spokane Valley, WA; . Vrzo what the fat32 download - Season 1 the big bang theory downloads. · PK:ºŠ; fˆÆ'5 Sª ' Firmware/dfu/vicenteroura.com ò!K ó!KUx ô ì×Ã–(Š²`Ñ´Í. That claim has been taken up by the Jamaica Environment Trust JET, noncontiguous stage II, Ca service manual and your lease is approved. Trying to.
AV, Arcabit (arcavir), No Virus. AV, Authentium, W32/vicenteroura.com! Eldorado. AV, Grisoft (avg), No Virus. AV, Avira (antivir), No Virus. File type, PE32 executable for MS Windows (GUI) Intel bit Mono/.Net assembly. vicenteroura.com md5. Process ↳ C:\vicenteroura.com Creates File, C:\WINDOWS\system32\MSGJSkin\ Skin8du\Game\DoubleQS\Cartoon\Wnd. Creates File. 19 พ.ย. หนังสั้น "เส้นสยอง" l VRZO. by VRZOchannel. How to format 64GB SD card from exFAT to FAT32 on Win 7. by 1stepatatime.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.191132
Retrieved Text: Insurance Shoppe provides group disability insurance to businesses in Post Falls, Coeur d' Alene, Hayden, Rathdrum, Spokane Valley, Liberty Lake, and surrounding areas.
Happy employees make for a productive workplace, thus helping assure that their protection creates a more positive working environment. Insurance Shoppe understands that income stability for workers is not enough. What happens if an employee cannot work due to a disabling illness or injury?
Insurance Shoppe provides group disability solutions that will assist employees in replacing parts of their income while they are absent from work. This provides the expertise needed to reduce employee absences, ensuring that your business can continually run as efficiently as possible.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.181768
Retrieved Text: Boxed Seed Packets. Easy to grow assortment of five wildflower seed packets attractively packaged in a clear gift box with decorative bow. Seeds grow in all regions and each packet comes with individual planting instructions. This beautiful assortment from the Napa Valley and California includes the Indian Paintbrush, Farewell-to-Spring, Blue-eyed Grass, California Poppy, and Napa Valley Bouquet. This collection creates a colorful wildflower garden and makes for a thoughtful gift.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.1685505
Retrieved Text: Between 1985 and 1990 Brown Estate planted a total of fifty acres of vineyards that include zinfandel, cabernet sauvignon, and chardonnay. We began making wine under the Brown Estate label in 1996.
Volker Eisele Family Estate creates enticing wines from the Chiles Valley District of the Napa Valley. Organically farmed since 1974, the vineyard reflects the passion of the Eisele Family’s commitment to grow exceptional grapes and to produce elegant estate wines.
Nichelini Family Winery is proud to be one of the pioneers of Napa Valley’s modern wine industry. In 1884, traveling on horseback, homesteaders Anton and Caterina Nichelini became the first Swiss settlers in Napa County’s Chiles Valley.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.168426
Retrieved Text: J-n-K Services, Inc. creates the best business cards for your company. We are located in North Hollywood, in the San Fernando Valley, and provide services to local businesses, non-profit entities, schools as well as other companies across the country. A certified minority and 100% Woman-Owned, we are proud to have been in business since 1988 and are thankful for all of our loyal clients in the San Fernando Valley.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.166501
Retrieved Text: The Valley Floor, located before the entrance to Telluride, represents one of the region’s greatest achievements in preservation. This 3-mile stretch has been preserved as open space and creates a winter playground for outdoor enthusiasts. There are 15 to 20 km of groomed nordic trails for skate and classic skiing. Snowhoes, hiking, and fat tire biking are allowed on designated trails.
Parking is available at Mahoney Drive, San Miguel Country Store (Shell gas station), and near Society Turn on the west end of the Valley Floor. Please stay on groomed trails and respect wildlife and protected wetland areas. Dogs are not permitted on the Valley Floor west of Boomerang Trailhead.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.156374
Retrieved Text: Carpets usually get damaged in unexpected moments. In case that you need an emergency carpet repair service in Brush Valley, PA, you can count on us. Our company is dedicated to offering the best and fastest service in carpet repair that no other company can provide. If you need some carpet repair in Brush Valley, PA today, call us right now at 888-579-4537 and we’ll come to help you!
It’s true that pets have their own way of behavior when you’re not at home. Most of the time, cat scratches the floor, whether it is carpeted or not. Subsequently, carpets at home may become chewed, torn and frayed, which leaves holes that are unnoticed, and at the same time it creates danger of falling, result in dangerous walking, as well as holes in your carpet. Never think of replacing the carpet you’re using now because our company can make the right thing to fix it. With our carpet repair service in Brush Valley, PA you will save tons of money.
Cats, dogs and other pets are best friends of many households. However these pets may cause damage by destroying the carpets in your home. Whether your carpets are full of spots made by cats’ claws, bite holes or urine of dogs, we can provide you the right carpet repair solution in Brush Valley, PA. Our company will make your carpet look like just bought from the carpet store.
Our carpet repair experts in Brush Valley, PA will do comprehensive stretching of carpets, which may include a powerful carpet stretching

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.150591
Retrieved Text: Spring Valley Ranch is a Truly Unique Wedding Venue, Retreat, Conference Center and Adventure Recreation Facility Nestled in the Beautiful Oklahoma Spavinaw Hills.
Spring Valley Ranch is a reality today because God provided a vision to Sam and Stacy Jones all the way back in 1978. God’s vision for them was to provide a place for ministry groups to go with hills, trees, and water. Spring Valley Ranch is that perfect place to get away from the daily hustle and bustle and spend time with God. Over the years God has brought people into their lives to impact this vision and God continues to refine it through scripture and prayer.
Spring Valley Ranch provides the perfect backdrop for the union of husband and wife. The location of Spring Valley Park, the Green Gables Residence and the Timbers Lodge creates an incredible ambiance for either the bride strolling to the park for the wedding or a stunning carriage ride entrance to the park.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.146363
Retrieved Text: Moreno Valley is the largest population city in Riverside County besides the city of Riverside. This creates the unfortunate opportunity for traffic congestion and car accidents. If you or a family member was injured in a car accident, you need an experience injury lawyer. If you ever find yourself in a crash, you may suffer an injury that keeps you away from work. This can put financial pressures on the family, on obligations, and on dreams. Heiting & Irwin is a car accident lawyer in Riverside has over 40 years experience helping clients in personal injury law. We have recovered over $300 Million for clients in Moreno Valley and throughout the Inland Empire.
Personal Injury Attorney in Moreno Valley, Ca.
Life after an auto accident in Moreno Valley, or anywhere else for that matter, can be extremely stressful. You struggle to make ends meet, pay medical bills, and keep your family afloat as your finances and emotional state deplete. In reality, you should be focused on healing so you can resume your work, family life, career, hobbies, and activities. We know that and do everything possible to minimize the negative effects that accidents of all types have on the victim and those around him/her.
At Heiting & Irwin, we understand the frustration you feel after an auto accident injury in Moreno Valley, Riverside, or the surrounding cities, towns and communities. Our experienced personal injury attorneys have served people in Riverside County and Southern California since 1976 with a deep commitment to fundamental values—simply doing what is right. If you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.073117
Retrieved Text: A Photographic study of the Derbyshire dale and valley, the Derwent. As water creates life so does it destroy and carve through the landscape. This study focuses on the journey of this water in the Derwent valley and its three vast reservoirs that provide the all important lifeblood, to the Midlands.
This Book features 20 images shot on a Hasselblad 500CM with Ilford 400ASA film. Each images was developed by myself in the darkroom, then scanned into the computer to master ready for print.
This process fills the gap between printing directly from a negative and printing digitally. It uses the strengths of both mediums.
River, Valley, Dam will be available in 2019.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.051338
Retrieved Text: La Conner is also part of the Salish Coast region where Skagit Valley Malting is making malt from grains sourced from farmers including Hedlin’s Family Farm located in La Conner. Malt is to beer what grapes are to wine and introducing new and existing varietals heighten flavor and creates unique terroir. Or how they sum it up – Taste the Place.
Tickets are $25.00 per person and include 10 tastes. WE HAVE SOLD OUT OF THE SOUVENIR GLASSES… but we have some awesome plastic cups, so pre-register to avoid line delays!
Oktoberfest Costume Contest for the best dressed!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.019328
Retrieved Text: The Daphne mini pendant is from Mitzi collection and has an opal glossy glass shade and old bronze finish that will brighten up any modern room or hallway.
Round, opal glossy glass invites a dynamic look to the Daphne large mini pendant from Mitzi collection. Its oversized look creates a floaty look, while the old bronze finish lets this design element take the spotlight. Designed by Hudson Valley, it creates a soft, warm glow that will rejuvenate your contemporary home with a welcoming vibe.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.983198
Retrieved Text: With a client base as diverse as the dishes she creates, Chef Felicia always creates fresh and exciting meals to enrich your catered event experience.
Wildflower Bread Company serves a distinctive menu with the highest quality and freshest ingredients. Contact us for you breakfast, lunch, snack and dinner needs!
We deliver a catered Breakfast, Lunch and or Dinner to your home or office valley-wide! Jason's deli offers Real food at a Real Value, Free of MSG, High Fructose Corn Syrup and Artificial Trans Fats!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.941262
Retrieved Text: En Bar offers an intimate, exclusive vibe that makes it ideal for escaping urban life for an evening of decadent indulgence. With En Bar, Robertson Quay – an area near the Singapore River loaded with popular bars, chic galleries and trendy bistros – has a superb Japanese-fusion venue added to its cap. Open until the early morning hours and always popular, what makes this eatery on River Valley Road really stand out is its unique style of east-meets-west tapas. Offering a variety of grilled favorites with a modern twist in an open-kitchen atmosphere, guests are able to observe every step of the cooking process and catch sight (and scent) of what they’re about to enjoy, a surefire way to get the taste buds going while enjoying a pre-meal drink at the stylish lounge bar.
EN Bar was very quiet for weekday dinner, and a great place to catch up with my friends. the staff says it gets noisier later in the night, since they open till 2pm. Staff was very friendly and the bar food is surprisingly great.
Manager offered good service and was friendly, sharing with us popular items on the menu. But the ambience and Food quality was so so only.
Located on River Valley Road, En Grill and Bar is just minutes from the beautiful Singapore River. The unique interior of the primarily Japanese-style restaurant creates a kind of magnetic intimacy, promoted by a kaleidoscope of rich colours punctuated by plush designer furniture that creates a warm, cosy and classy atmosphere. First impressions of Robertson Quay’s

================



======= Instance Index 475 =========
Input Text: What comes directly from the source?

Which is the correct answer?
- Plastic
- Denim
- Lumber
- White sugar

Target Text: Lumber

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.708784
Retrieved Text: Today I saw a comment under a youtube video that proclaimed: “I still stand by what I said,” and immediately it was seen here to be a beautiful nondual pointer.
Because if you can stand by what you said, then what you said CANNOT be you. There’s you and there’s what was said. Two things. One comes and goes and the other does not. (Yes, the body comes and goes, but you are NOT your body… you are what is AWARE of the body.) And this applies to everything you think or say. Nothing you think or say can ever truly be You. Why? You don’t come or go, what you say/think does. Notice this… let it sink in.
What are the ramifications? One is the realization that whatever is spoken or thought is not nearly as significant as the clear, conscious recognition of its always ever-present Source. And the Source is PRIOR to any thought about the Source. Thus it can’t be understood via thought, but it can be wordlessly/silently intuited directly, here/now.
I thought I would share my notes from last night’s Satsang at my apartment in West Los Angeles.They feature a quote by John Wheeler on You being PRIOR to thought (with my commentary). Also a quote by Fred Davis on how he was NOT present for his awakening!
I then said, “Notice how the light of my consciousness, which the light of this flashlight represents, illuminates the arising (in this case my opening and closing left hand) and so all my attention is on the object

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.496058
Retrieved Text: Step 1. When the STB is on, switch off from the power-source.
Step 2. Switch on the STB directly from power-source.
Step 3. Press “back” button 4 times from remote when “please wait initializing” message comes to the screen.
Step 4. Immediately, press 2485 from remote and software will start downloading.
Step 3. Press “back” button 2 times from remote when “please wait initializing” message comes to the screen.
Step 4. Immediately, press 2465 from remote and software will start downloading.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.152908
Retrieved Text: What Is the Difference Between Analog and Digital Audio on a Headset for the Computer?
Digital and analog headsets use different techniques to achieve the same result.
1 What Is the Difference Between Mono & Stereo Audio?
The quality of audio from a computer to a headset can vary according to a number of factors. Connection type, audio processor, speaker quality and even the audio source can affect the sound. To understand the difference between an analog and a digital headset, one must understand what is happening on the computer, the sound card and the headset.
The difference between digital and analog sound is subtle, but important. Analog sound produces a smooth "wave" of energy vibrating directly from the source. In a traditional setup, a vinyl record vibrates a needle which feeds that energy directly through a copper wire to a cone to produce the sound. Digital samples the sound wave at certain points and turns each part of that wave into a block of information defined by a certain number of 0's and 1's. Those 0's and 1's define what noise is coming out at each point in the wave.
Ultimately, the quality of your headset is not going to be judged by technical specifications, but by how well your music or game sounds. These sounds need to come from a quality source if they are to produce quality sound in the headphones. For analog, the "source" is the recording studio -- a high-quality band needs to be recorded by a high-quality microphone to a high-quality master tape if it

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.976848
Retrieved Text: The A. M. Al-Refai Library is pleased to announce its most recent subscription to Journal Citation Reports (JCR) and EndNote through Thomson Reuters Web of Knowledge. Users can access JCR directly from the homepage: http://amrlibrary.gust.edu.kw/ or through the alphabetical listing in the Databases section.
What is Journal Citation Report (JCR)?
JCR is a unique Web-based research tool that allows users to evaluate and compare journals using citation data drawn from approximately 12,000 scholarly and technical journals and conference proceedings from more than 3,300 publishers in over 60 countries. Journal Citation Reports is the only source of citation data on journals, and includes virtually all specialties in the areas of science, technology, and social sciences.
Our JCR subscription includes: Science Edition 2012 and Social Sciences Edition 2012. The subscription comes with online access to EndNote® which the users can access through Web of Knowledge or directly at http://my.endnote.com.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.9657
Retrieved Text: If you've ever used CyanogenMod, then you already know it comes bundled with ROM Manager. That's the case for one reason: so users can quickly and easily pull updates to the ROM. However, this presents a problem of sorts. CyanogenMod is completely open source, but ROM Manager isn't. Therefore, the team wanted an update solution that will allow CM users to pull the latest builds to their devices, but is still open source. So they made their own, which will replace ROM Manager in upcoming builds.
The new updater should be available in the latest nightlies (rolling out tonight). Once you flash, head into Settings > About to set your update preferences!
This is actually a rehash of an old version of the updater from CM5 and 6 (that seems like so long ago, doesn't it?) that has been updated to work with CM9/10 and beyond.
Since push notifications for updates require Google Apps framework, the CM updater won't actually include that functionality. What it will do, however, is automatically check for updates at user-defined intervals, and pull the update once something is available.
The updater will pull directly from get.cm, so you'll always be getting official CM builds directly from the source. As you can see, it can be customized to check for new stable builds, new nightlies, or all builds from either channel.
This will be a huge improvement over any other method of pulling updates (especially manually), so we're definitely looking forward to seeing it debut. As always, however, there's no official timeline as to when it may

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.941685
Retrieved Text: Looking for a Yelp advertising agency Los Angeles? We’re excited to announce that Royal Cheese Digital is now a Yelp Ads Certified Partner!
What does it mean exactly? We’re now able to support, manage and optimize Yelp Advertising campaigns for all of our clients – both large and small, for a lower spend than if you’re going directly to Yelp. That’s right! Let us manage your Yelp local strategy. You’ll benefit from special promotions on your Yelp Enhanced profile and get a significant ad budget boost too!
So if you are looking for a certified Yelp Advertising agency Los Angeles in Los Angeles to manage your local SEO and your ongoing or new Yelp Ads campaigns, don’t hesitate to contact us to learn more.
Yelp is a game changer for your business when it comes to attracting new customers locally. In the U.S., Yelp has 94.3M unique visitors and is the 20th most-visited internet property for desktop and mobile combined (source: ComScore, March 2017). And consumers rank Yelp as the #1 review site for finding local businesses and 79% of consumers make a purchase within a week after visiting Yelp (source: Nielsen).
We’re looking forward to discussing ways we can help your business use Yelp for a lower spend than dealing with Yelp directly!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.84148
Retrieved Text: Downlights are recessed spotlights for the ceiling. All recessed spotlights require a safety distance behind the lamp. What safety distance each spot requires is carefully marked on our products.
12V Downlights - 12V Downlights are a big energy saver, it also provides more light per watt than similar 230V lamps. So, more light for your money.
• A few 12V lights are supplied with a light source! The watt of the light source is the maximum allowed for the specific lamp.
• 12V can only dimmered with an Electronic / trailing edge dimmer. • 3,5 and 6 Kit comes with electronic transformer.
230V Downlights - 230V is mounted directly and you do not need a transformer. •Almost all 230V lamps are supplied with a light source! • 230V can be dimmered a standard dimmer (not Recess low energy!).

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.7617
Retrieved Text: 1. Try not to overlook how important it is for you to maintain a positive reputation for your business online. Any negative things that people say about your business online are likely to show up whenever someone searches for it online.
2. You need to proactive about monitoring what people are saying about you online. To this end, you should check search results relating to your business at least once per month to see what comes up.
3. If someone is saying negative things about your business online, it is important to go directly to the source. Opening a dialogue with that person, whether they are a disgruntled customer or just an Internet loudmouth, is usually the best way to resolve things amicably. Ultimately you should be aiming to sort their problem to the extent that they retract their original statement.
4. Sending out regular press releases is a good way to promote positive things about your business to the top of the search results and push anything negative further down but don’t be disheartened if it takes a very long while to achieve the desired results.
5. Using social media is the best way to bypass a lot of what other people are saying about your business and take searchers directly to the source. Your social media pages will usually appear right at the top of any search results and it will also allow you to communicate directly with your customer base, avoiding any potential misunderstanding or conflict.
› Next Post Want to know more about Cloud Computing?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.739948
Retrieved Text: Danger in the internet café?
University of Calgary (UC) computer science professors John Aycock and Mea Wang have identified a type of computer security threat, called Typhoid adware, that gains access to computers through wireless networks found in Internet cafes or other areas where users share non-encrypted wireless connections.
"We're looking at a different variant of adware--Typhoid adware--which we haven't seen out there yet, but we believe could be a threat soon," Aycock says. Typhoid adware comes from another person's computer and convinces other laptops to communicate with it and not the legitimate access point. Then the Typhoid adware automatically inserts advertisements in videos and Web pages on the other computers.
Aycock and Wang developed several defenses against Typhoid adware. One solution protects the content of videos to ensure that what users see comes directly from the original source, and another solution offers a way to "tell" laptops they are in an Internet cafe to make them more suspicious of contact from other computers.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.545166
Retrieved Text: This collection comes directly from the 70s in Manhattan, with the B series of police and American narcos as a clear source of inspiration.
JOHN SPANTON named International Winner!
Parrucchiere gay licenziato? Non è discriminazione.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.475708
Retrieved Text: Our blog features current and innovative topics to keep you up to speed on citing and writing. Whether youre an educator, student, or someone who lives and breathes citations (its not as uncommon as you might think!), our blog features new and exciting articles to discover and learn from. .
Check it out to find what you need to succeed! We cite according to the 8th edition of mla, 6th edition of apa, and 16th edition of chicago (8th edition turabian). Check for unintentional plagiarism, add citations directly into your paper, and get advanced grammar help. Looking to format your paper in chicago style and not sure where to start? Our guide provides everything you need! Learn the basics and fundamentals to creating citations in chicago format.
Our easy to read guide comes complete with visual examples and step by step instructions to format your citations and your paper in mla style. Get the facts on citing and writing in apa format with our comprehensive guide. With numerous examples and visuals, youll be citing in chicago style in no time.
Unlimited suggestions to improve your writing style, grammar, and sentence structure multiple styles and source types to choose from to create accurate citations this is the total package when it comes to mla format. Check your paper for unintentional plagiarism, grammar, spelling errors, and more! Use could have or the informal couldve here. Formatting instructions, sample papers, and citation examples provide you with the tools you need to style your paper in apa. Videos, infographics, research guides, and many

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.450288
Retrieved Text: Tibetan Gentian comes from the high Himalayas, where traditionally there have always been intense spiritual practices held over centuries. Thus, this plant contains the vibration of high spirituality, and the remembrance of how to reach our peak potentials and connections with Spirit and with Source.
This essence was made on August 17th, 2009, by Deb Soule, master herbalist and creator of Avena Botanicals near Rockport, Maine. The plant from which the blossoms were taken (in a very sacred way, of course) came from a lovely garden in Montreal some years ago, and has thrived in the sacred space that Deb has created there at Avena.
We were once again privileged to enter the gardens this year, and to spend some precious time with Deb in between her apprentice classes, to discuss everything from flower essences to the weather, and to what it means to hold a space in sacred energy as she does.
Once more, the deva of the Tibetan Gentian flower spoke to me directly. To share with me her gifts and what she holds in her pattern. Tibetan Gentian calls us to higher consciousness, above material concerns, into our true spiritual nature.
She reminds us that we not only CAN seek higher, we must, in order to be fulfilled happy beings here on the planet. Her pattern speeds us to connect directly with our own higher selves, with our higher purpose, and with Source, to know deeply what it means to be alive in the fullest and most complete sense.
Because Tibetan Gentian knows well the harsh and sometimes

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.365496
Retrieved Text: A new On The Go (OTG) wearable charging cable for smartphones, called Thino, is a portable charger, battery back-up, and data transfer all in one compact, durable and lightweight aluminium body!
Thino has a dual side USB connector and is able to detect and switch between different USB charging methods such as charging downstream port (CDP), dedicated charging port (DCP) and standard downstream port (SDP). Thino is able to supply any Android and iOS device with the maximum current it can draw from the source. The built-in 480mAh Lithium Polymer battery can be used as a portable back-up battery to keep your device up and running for 2 hours.
The built-in battery is charged from the current not used to directly charge the smartphone battery. What this means is that if, for example, the smartphone can be charged with 1.5A and the charging source is able to supply a total of 2.1A, the remaining 0.6A will be used to charge the internal battery.
You can use Thino with different input sources like wall adapters and car batteries without having to worry about current and input voltage as Thino comes with power path and dynamic power management as well as other safety features such as over-charge and over-discharge protection; and short circuit protection. Thino automatically adjusts and avoids over-loading from the input source and once the system voltage falls below the battery voltage, Thino will automatically start discharging the battery so that the system is supported from both the input source and battery.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.281061
Retrieved Text: When one thinks of the water resources of Schuyler County, the first thought is of our many lakes and streams. However, when it comes to drinking water, most County residents draw from a ground water source, not from surface water. Additionally, more than 50% of County residents obtain their water from a private supply, and not from a publicly owned and operated water system. Either way, surface or ground, public or private, what you get from your tap is obtained directly from our local water resources. It is part of the mission of the Watershed Protection Agency’s to make sure that our source water maintains its excellent quality.
Public water supplies are strictly regulated and monitored by the NYS DOH, administered locally by Hornell District Field Office. Depending on the source, an elaborate filtration and/or disinfection treatment system is utilized to meet certain federal and state water quality standards. All public water supplies are managed by trained and certified staff. The county currently has approximately 67 public water supplies, including eight separate water districts.
More than 50% of Schuyler County’s residents get their drinking water from an individual water supply. State and County policy and rules regulate the development of an individual water supply. However, each individual water supply currently being utilized in Schuyler County (and NY as a whole) is largely unregulated. Therefore, it is the owner’s responsibility to make sure that the water coming out of the tap is clean and safe to drink. On an annual basis, between 10% and 15% of the individual water

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.258891
Retrieved Text: Jason Rose has outdone himself in his "Certified Pieces of History" series. These blanks hold special meaning for many.
Special care is taken to prepare and embed an object that was obtained directly from the source depicted on the blanks and comes with a Certificate of Authenticity.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.245277
Retrieved Text: All of our Freshwater Pearls are imported directly from the source, the pearl farms in China.
Our products are packaged in elegant jewelry boxes, ensuring the most beautiful presentation possible. Additionally, all products are accompanied with an official certificate of authenticity, verifying the quality and source of the pearls.
This Pendant is comprised of the highest quality .925 sterling silver. The pendant comes standard with a matching 17" silver chain.
This beautiful pearl pendant would be the perfect gift for any occasion. The pendant features 3 AAA Quality, 6mm Multicolored Freshwater pearls, hand-picked for their gorgeous luster and overtones. The pearls dangle off sterling silver links, suspended on a 17 inch chain. This product comes packaged in a beautiful jewelry box with an official certificate of authenticity.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.177041
Retrieved Text: Some people might tell you that all water - tap, bottled water, filtered water,etc. - tastes the same since it all mostly looks the same. We, here at Cherry Knoll Natural Spring Water, know better of course. The team here and the customers who sampled our water know perfectly well what clear purified water tastes like and there is no way that we can compare that with something as basic as mere tap water. The water that we provide comes straight from the source of our natural spring, so we know for a fact that other water companies who boast of “clean and pure” water are of no competition to us. We promise nothing but the purest water and that’s why so many customers come flocking to us for our gallon water bottles in Amherst, OH.
Our natural spring water comes straight from the source, from which it is gathered by our water department, and then sold into our general bottle supply. Pure and untainted with any chemicals, our water has everything positive to offer and nothing to fear. Our customers drink our water without any qualms, knowing that they can only gain benefits from it. Among the benefits that pure natural spring water can provide is hydration, the improvement of digestion, an improvement in your overall physical performance, skin cleansing, and much much more.
Our bottled water products are superior to many of our competitors, as most water coming from water bottle companies are usually filtered from a source other than directly from its spring. Though filtered

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.113211
Retrieved Text: Today Google began to offer a new U.S. GSM Galaxy Nexus directly from the Play Store, with a price tag of $399.00 contract free and this is definitely good news moving forward. This is the device that truly encompasses what a Nexus device is meant to be completely open and directly from Google. An automatic crash report was posted to Google+ last week week reporting a Galaxy Nexus running Jelly Bean the next major version of Android. The issue was that the devices code name was not of any Galaxy Nexus currently available that is until today where that code name turned out to be of the U.S. GSM Nexus that Google now sells directly from the Play Store.
The addition of this straight from Google Nexus brings up the question of how does it fit in with the other Nexus' either from Verizon, Sprint, or international variants? As an owner of a Verizon Galaxy Nexus it does feel that the device gets the short end of the stick when it comes to "Official" updates from Google/Verizon as they have still not updated the phone from 4.02 while other GSM version are already on 4.04 which includes some needed bug fixes and battery life improvements. It being a Nexus however I have of course already placed a 4.04 ROM on the device as it is unlocked and loaded.
It would be nice though if it received the updates straight from the source on day one. Which of these devices will be the first with Jelly Bean remains to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.928726
Retrieved Text: One of the most fundamental financial lessons your kids are going to have to learn is about how you work for your money. Do your kids understand that every time you pull out a wad of bills or swipe a card to pay for a purchase, that money is directly linked to time you put in at the office? Do they realize all of your money is earned through hard work?
Teach your children that money for purchases, whether it's paid through cash or a card, is earned through hard work.
Any method used to pay for purchases comes from the same source.
We work to do what our company requires of us, whether we work for someone else, or for ourselves.
This is mom/dad's paycheck from work. When we deposit it to our MCCU Checking Account, we have money to spend. Why do you think we put the paycheck in our account at MCCU?
When I swipe my credit/debit card, how does that pay the store owner? Where is the money coming from?
Would you still want that (article of clothing/toy/gadget) if you had to work for it?
Did you discuss how money comes from work with your children? Let us know how the conversation went!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.902251
Retrieved Text: I recently covered how to move all files from subdirectories into main directory using a Windows shell extension. If you prefer a clean shell you might be delighted to hear that there is another application out there that provides the same functionality. Copy all to one is that application.
It comes with a clean interface that requires minimal user input; basically only the source folder and the destination are required before hitting the Start button of the software. All subfolders of the selected source folder are processed automatically. A name for the destination folder can be selected as an option, it's New Folder by default.
The program options provide several advanced features like copying only files that have a certain file extension, deleting the files in the source folder, renaming existing files and moving the files instead of copying them.
The authors homepage is hard to navigate which is why I link to the file directly and to the homepage. It's a pretty solid application that comes in handy for users who clean up some folders regularly by moving files into other folders.
Why is it saying I’m using Internet Explorer?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.893395
Retrieved Text: Bitkeeper is a source management system comes under the category of distributed version control. It is an open source software get the license under Apache 2.0. Version control is a collection of repositories and as Bitkeeper is a distributed software configuration management, you can store the archived copy locally. The source is just a command line interface so it is very easy to understand and use.
Bitkeeper is compatible with the OS platforms such as Linux, Windows, Os x, BSD, and Solaris. So, you can download and install the appropriate version applicable to your OS or you can download the source directly.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.854678
Retrieved Text: An .exe file connects to a .mdb file in Windows XP. I can run it just fine due to a config.ini file that tells it where to connect it to. I did not develop either the exe file or the mdb file. When I copy the files over to Windows 7, when trying to run the .exe file, a pop up box comes up stating "Cannot connect to database. Check db." I change the source under the config.ini file. It was stored under the Program Files in Windows XP. In Windows 7, I have it under directly the C drive. It still gives me the message. What am I missing?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.788317
Retrieved Text: Views on Dynamics 365 Business Central Finding an Easter Egg in the Extensions?
Finding an Easter Egg in the Extensions?
If was just taking a closer look at the different standard Extensions, coming with Dynamics 365 Business Central. They have become much more interesting, now that our Danish localization's are shipped as Extensions.
It's listing the Danish localization and other extensions.
I then used PowerShell and use Get-NavContainerAppInfo to see the actual list of Extensions in my container.
I first noticed this a couple of months ago after NAV 2018 was released and didn’t really think about it until now. It's not in the "regular" NAV, only BC.
Besides all the Extensions we can see in the Danish BC version, then there are three Extensions all starting with _Excluded_.
I’m pretty sure that we all can think what an extension called something like _Excluded_AnonymizedDataSharing_ could be, most apps have some kind of data sharing. I’m sure it’s harmless, but I really would like to see the source code for this extension. I would like to tell my customers, exactly what is running on their data. I am sure all customers and partners agrees.
The actual Extension .app files are also included in the Docker container, so it’s not that they are trying to do a lot to hide anything. Have not tried to debug the system to see what it’s actually doing, unless that part is also excluded.
The NAV 2018 releases used to have the source code, at least for some of the extensions on the DVD. But I would really like to see

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.758776
Retrieved Text: When it comes to HP rack hardware, Maximum Midrange stocks a wide variety of HP part numbers to ensure you can easily source the hardware you need for your application. Choose from affordably priced HP racks, cabinets, rack and rail kits, rack enclosures and much more at pricing that is well below suggested manufacturer's list. Between our extensive hardware inventory, affordable prices and fast shipping, you can improve your bottom line today when you buy HP rack hardware from Maximum Midrange.
If the HP part number you need is not listed below, please call 855-932-6627 and speak directly with the HP hardware sales team. We are hardware procurement specialists and we can source the HP rack hardware you're looking for.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.757429
Retrieved Text: Solved The data a sink receives and often what data a source provides are fixed.
Solved Data cannot move directly from a source to a sink.
Solved What is the sink current of the 74LS244?
Solved What is the sink current equivalent?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.747285
Retrieved Text: Maryland Nanny Agency - the first point of contact for any family looking for a Qualified Caregiver! It's as simple as ABC!
ABC Nanny Source is dedicated to offering families extraordinary service and lasting placements! We have upheld the reputation of being the area's most trusted provider of in-home childcare services! ABC has earned the trust of families throughout Maryland. This agency is built on a strong foundation where family always come first!
A Nanny that comes directly to your home relieves you of these burdens and is an excellent alternative to daycare!
ABC understands that families in the Maryland area are in need of an agency that will take the time to thoroughly screen each candidate as if they were searching on behalf of their own children, and that is exactly what our Placement Counselors do on a daily basis!
ABC Nanny Source only accepts Nannies suitable and qualified to welcome into our own homes! Helping families in the community to find a candidate who is warm, personable, and responsible is what ABC Nanny Source makes the top priority! The agency realizes that we are taking on an extremely personal challenge to find the perfect Nanny for your family, and will walk with you side by side through the whole process to make it as easy as possible for you. ABC Nanny Source promises to go above and beyond to meet all of your childcare needs, as we are a family owned agency with many years' experience both personally and professionally!
ABC Nanny Source Placement Counselors have earned the reputation

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.742672
Retrieved Text: Zen Cart is a CMS which is totally based on PHP.Zen Cart, a PHP/MySQL based open source shopping cart solution, came to light after its split from osCommerce in 2003. It’s free development source code offers flexibility to eCommerce developers looking to completely customize their websites.Zen Cart is managed by a growing community of designers, programmers and business owners across the globe. Today more than 100,000 stores are deployed using Zen Cart eCommerce platform. Apart from its open source nature, it comes loaded with eCommerce features that offer robust advantages to retailers.Zen Cart gives you the ability to add unlimited products to the store. You can easily sell items and ship them directly to your customers. Customers can also choose a specific shipping carrier or mode of transport.
Syllabus: Will be Uploaded soon…!
Cake PHP is a PHP based Framework.
CODEIGNITER is a powerful and simple PHP framework, CodeIgniter is known for its flexibility and problem-free installation.
Laravel is a Framework which is totally based on PHP. Laravel is an Open Source PHP Web Framework.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.738736
Retrieved Text: Custom relational management is very important once you run a business. It helps to improve marketing strategy, sales and customer service. Today there are many systems providing Cloud-based CRM services on the market. The main benefits of using these systems are scalability, costs, and integration with commonly used office applications (e.g. MS Excel, Access and others).
MS Dynamics is one of the most popular CRM platforms in the world. The system offers a wide range of CRM applications for any business. Using such services will be beneficial for manufacturing, wholesale, financial and IT areas.
As well as Dynamics CRM system, MS Access is a good choice for any business, by virtue of the fact that it can handle external data from various sources. It also provides a possibility to open, modify and update cloud-based databases. But what can connect Dynamics and Access when we need to retrieve data?
Devart ODBC driver for Dynamics CRM is a great solution when it comes to successful data retrieving. It contributes high-level interaction with Dynamics CRM. Beyond that, it is compatible with third-party tools and components such as MS Office, Visual Studio, and many others. You can establish SSL-encrypted connections directly via HTTPS, modify data in Dynamics the same way as in SQL databases and receive support for Dynamics API and its data types.
1. Run MS Access and click the External Data tab.
2. Click the ODBC Database tab.
Note: When selecting the “Import the source data into a new table in the current database” option the original data is copied and loaded into MS

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.658203
Retrieved Text: Enjoy Audio from your favorite devices through Aux+, Alpine�s Full Speed Aux-in.
Provides Aux-in Source on all 2008 Head Units.
Converts Full Speed to 3.5mm Stereo mini-jack.
Comes with 3.5mm to 1.5mm mini-jack adapter (for use with mobile phones).
Simply use the KCE-236B Aux+ cable to connect your MP3 player or your cell phone directly to your head unit, and enjoy more music playback.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.635797
Retrieved Text: SQL Source Control enables you to connect databases directly to source control systems including SVN, TFS, Git, Mercurial, Vault, Perforce and more. Integrated directly into SQL Server Management Studio, you can keep track of who changes what, when and why. SQL Source Control stores a complete history of all updates and will work regardless of whether you have a single central database or individual, local copies.
Continuous Integration Database continuous integration is driven by code changes checked into source control.
SQL Source Control makes database version control seamless. It links your databases to your existing source control system straight from SQL Server Management Studio, so you can source control databases without disrupting your workflow.
It doesn't matter whether your development team works with a central database or individual, local copies ¿ SQL Source Control supports both development models. Just pick the one you work with and carry on as normal.
You can keep track of who changed what, when, and why, improve change management and auditing, and easily share or revert changes.
SQL Source Control also stores a complete history of your updates to simplify database versioning, and provides a sandbox for risk¿free experimenting.
SQL Source Control can also be combined with SQL Compare to rationalise your deployment process, making deployments repeatable and accurate without any loss of visibility or control over the change process.

================



======= Instance Index 317 =========
Input Text: Sunlight is a source of

Which is the correct answer?
- wind energy
- warmth
- frigid temperatures
- moonlight

Target Text: warmth

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.76131
Retrieved Text: Don't Waste Any Time, Find Plants Sunlight On Zenya, Now.
Visit Bonnie Plants to Learn Everything You Need to Know to Help You Grow!
Find Deals on Plant Sunlight in Gardening Tools on Amazon.
When you buy a new plant, you may wonder what kind of light do plants need? Do all plants need the same amount of light? How can I tell if my plant is having problems with too little light? Keep reading to answer these questions on how light affects the growth of a plant. How Light Affects the Growth of a Plant. All things need energy to grow.
Sunlight helps plants grow through the process of photosynthesis. the leaves on the plants absorbs the nutrients and turn them into energy.
Testing How Sunlight Affects Plant Growth: I pass out the Experiment Steps - How Does Sunlight Affect Plant Growth to each student. They title the next page in their science notebooks "How Does Sunlight Affect Plant Growth" and glue their foldable in on that page. We go over each of the steps just as we did in the other experiments.
Water hydrates the soil which gives nutrients to the plant making it grow taller and stronger. It also helps keep the plant from drying out from the sun. Results Sun: How Does The Sun, Water And Soil Help Plants Grow? Water: Soil, like water and the sun give the plants nutrients.
The sun is the main source of energy for almost every living thing on Earth. It gives a plant the light energy it needs to photosynthesize, which converts

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.62463
Retrieved Text: In order to know where to find solar energy you must first know what solar energy is. Solar energy is energy from the sun. When the sun is shining solar energy is being produced as it sends the heat radiating to the earth. You can find solar energy anywhere or anything that the sun can shine on. There is a way that you can save the sunlight in order to provide heat during the cold, which is what millions of people have done throughout the years.
It started thousands of years ago when people where able to use a thick lens or magnifying glass on an object that would attract the sun rays on that particular object and could get so hot it would catch fire. This gave a new prospective on how strong the heat from the sun really was.
The problem with capturing the suns heat is the fact that when it reaches the earths surface it does not go to one particular spot. It is spread evenly over the earth where the sunlight is able to reach. When this happens you may find it difficult to heat something using only the sunlight. Although the area or object may be hot if left in the sun too long it will not reach the full heating potential of the sun's light.
In order to use the heat efficiently to heat a room after the sun goes down or when the sun is unable to shine because of clouds you will need to use a source that will attract

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.465479
Retrieved Text: Watching the morning sunlight is one of the most relaxing moments that a person can do every day. It is one of the simplest things that you would certainly love watching while being alive.
Most often than not, sunlight signifies a new beginning, a new life, a new romance. Given the beauty that a sunrise can give, it is also good to know that watching the sunrise time gives significantly great benefits to a person’s health.
Sitting under the tree, sipping your morning coffee, and holding your loved one’s hand together while watching the sun, is one of the things you can simply do. While it is believed that sun-gazing is an old means of healing, it is still surprising how a simple morning sunlight can create wonders to a person’s well-being.
Check out these awesome health benefits that you would certainly enjoy from the morning sun!
Apart from an awesome morning view, watching the morning sunlight is believed to be a great source of vitamin D. When you exposed yourself to the sunlight early in the morning, you are allowing a good source of vitamin D to penetrate to your skin. Hence, if you wish to attain a good-looking skin, soaking it under the morning sunlight would be a great idea.
Being under the morning sunlight is also known to improve a person’s bone health. When you feel the need of more calcium for your bone health, exposing yourself under the morning sun is a healthy alternative to calcium. Over the years, health experts have been advising their patients to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.431545
Retrieved Text: It doesn’t matter if you are building your home or remodeling, you can turn it into a solar energy home by making a few simple changes to your plan. If electric and gas become hard to manage you may want to consider heating your home with the sun. Solar energy is the heat that comes from the sun down to the earth. When it reaches the earth it spreads evenly but you may need it to go to a certain area like your home. How do you get that much sunlight to heat a home? It’s easy to do and takes a few extra steps to help get it started.
If you are building your home you have several choices to choose from regarding your heating source. If you choose to heat from the sun you need to build your home facing in the direction that the sun rise’s. This allows your home to get the most sunshine during the hottest part of the day.
Buying solar powered glass windows allow the sun to come through and stay in the home without escaping back out. After the sun goes down your home is kept warm by the sunlight that came into the home during the day. You need to keep the door shut in order to keep the heat in and you also need to use insulated curtains on the windows at night so that the heat will not escape at night while you sleep. Make sure you don’t allow too many windows on the side of the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.270971
Retrieved Text: Originally created in 2011, Sunlight Technology invests in renewable energy assets that generate energy at the point of use. Initially focussing on ‘Free Solar PV’ the company has gone from strength-to-strength and now owns a portfolio of more than 2,700 domestic solar PV systems across the UK.
Our portfolio of assets annually generates around 7.2 megawatts of renewable electricity, saving the equivalent of the weight of 2,500 Ford Fiestas in carbon dioxide every year!
The company continues to grow via expansion into new categories of renewable technology and services.
Keep updated with the lastest news on renewable energy with Sunlight’s very own blog.
Sunlight is the proud owner of thousands of solar PV systems, installed on properties across the UK. Every Sunlight solar PV system was installed at zero cost to the homeowner, directly benefitting local communities countrywide. Click the link below to find out more.
What is an Air Source Heat Pump System?
Air source heat pumps use innovative technology to efficiently heat properties and are increasing in popularity throughout Europe. Heat is absorbed from the outside air and circulated throughout a property via a water-based heating system (e.g. traditional radiators) or air-based heaters.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.154562
Retrieved Text: Today shots of a lesser known "UV-flower" Jerusalem artichoke - Helianthus tuberosus in reflected ultraviolet photography and simulated bee and butterfly vision. All shots were done at f5.6 in reflected ultraviolet photography using my "work horse" UV filter, the Baader-U filter, as well as my XBV filters for simulated bee and butterfly vision. Lens was a UV-Nikkor 105mm quartz fluorite lens. Light source was sunlight.
This attractive flower has a specific UV "bulls eye" pattern, its petals and its center are UV dark, the flower outer petals are UV bright (around 365nm), all invisible to us humans and all this gets nicely visible, also in simulated bee and butterfly vision.
Today even more shots of that famous "UV-flower" Black-Eyed-Susan - Rudbeckia fulgida in reflected ultraviolet photography and simulated bee and butterfly vision. All shots were done at f5.6 in reflected ultraviolet photography using my "work horse" UV filter, the Baader-U filter, as well as my XBV filters for simulated bee and butterfly vision. Lens was a UV-Nikkor 105mm quartz fluorite lens. Light source was sunlight.
Black-Eyed-Susans have a distinct UV reflection "bulls eye" pattern, its petals have a quite UV dark center and the outside part is quite UV bright around 365nm and all this gets nicely visible, also in simulated bee and butterfly vision.
Today more shots of a famous "UV-flower" Black-Eyed-Susan - Rudbeckia fulgida in reflected ultraviolet photography and simulated bee and butterfly vision. All shots were done at f5.6 in reflected ultraviolet photography using my "work horse" UV filter, the Baader-U filter, as well as my XBV

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.13236
Retrieved Text: LCR Hallcrest is able to supply a range of materials that change in response to different wavelengths of UV light such as sunlight. (A more irreversible photochromic is potentially available on request for certain applications).
These photochromic products can be used to create a range of effects changing from colourless to a wide range of colours in their activate, “excited”, state when exposed to sunlight by an outside UV source such as sunlight allowing an untold number of applications.
Photochromic products in their raw state can be difficult to use so for some applications we microencapsulate them enabling them to be used in a wider range of applications.
Photochromic inks, dyes and masterbatches change their molecular structure and darken on exposure to specific types of light of sufficient intensity, most commonly ultraviolet (UV) radiation. In the absence of activating light they return to their clear state.
Photochromic dyes reversibly change colour upon exposure to ultraviolet light in the range of 300 to 360 nanometers.
Reversible photochromics are found in applications such as toys, cosmetics, nail varnish, ophthalmic and sunglass lenses, textile clothing and garments, footwear, packaging, glassware, ceramics, plastics, security, and industrial applications.
Photochromic dyes can be applied to fabrics through conventional printing and dyeing methods.
When used in textile ink printed onto clothing garments such as t shirts, the change to colour when exposed to sunlight occurs within 15 seconds or less, and returns to a near invisible clear shade after 5 minutes or less indoors when removed from the uv/sunlight.
Photochromic dyes can be mixed together to make an assortment of shades.
Photochromic

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.11658
Retrieved Text: A micro-fine Calcium supplement with no Vitamin D3. For species kept outdoors, and given daily exposure to natural sunlight or high levels of UVB radiation from lamps. This product is manufactured using an extremely pure source of natural Calcium Carbonate from the Mohave desert which makes it a truly unique source for food, supplement, and pharmaceutical applications. It is FDA Food Grade Certified and is micro ground to an average size of 3.5 microns, and is the finest available grind on the market, which provides the ultimate stick when dusted onto insects. DIRECTIONS: This product contains no Vitamin D-3 and should be the product of choice for species kept outdoors and given daily exposure to natural or artificial (UVB) sunlight. For species being kept without daily natural sunlight, or using moderate UVB from bulbs, we recommend Repashys SuperCal MeD. For therapeutic usage or for species with high requirements, we recommend Repashys SuperCal HyD. Dust insects using the shake and bake method before being fed. For supplementing fresh fruit and vegetables, use 1 heaping Teaspoon per Pound. It is recommended that Repashys SuperVite vitamin supplement be used at a 1:1 ratio to this product to provide a balance of essential vitamins. For an All-in-One solution, please try Repashys Calcium Plus.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.11596
Retrieved Text: [MUSIC PLAYING] Hi, I'm Sam Martin from Texas Instruments DLP, here to talk about one of the many challenges facing next generation augmented reality head-up display systems-- sunlight. You may be wondering why somebody from Texas Instruments-- a semiconductor manufacturer-- is here talking about automotive head-up display, so we'll start with a little background. DLP supplies MEMS micromirror imaging devices to the automotive industry for head-up display applications. Our DLP3000-Q1 and DLP5530-Q1 chipsets are released and in production. They offer hermetically sealed packaging and extended operating temperatures required for automotive applications. Today, you can find head-up displays using DLP technology in the Lincoln Continental. And there are plans for two other models this year and 10 models by 2020. DLP has over 20 years of production experience in a broad range of applications, including digital cinema, 3D printing, and automotive head-up display. Current HUD architectures are based on either TFT or DLP technology. They're similar, except that TFT architectures emit the image directly, while DLP architectures use a diffuser screen to relay the projected image. This difference becomes important when sunlight enters the HUD optical system. Diffuser screens are passive optical elements that simply scatter the sunlight away, but direct emission displays like TFT contain sensitive electronics that must absorb all this energy. This becomes much more of a concern for future augmented reality HUD systems. So what makes augmented reality HUD different? Conventional HUDs that can be found in cars on the road today are used to display secondary or duplicate information. They typically have

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.07787
Retrieved Text: Imagine artificial lighting in a business or home setting with LEDs producing close to actual sunlight all day long. Well now you can get just that with the Sunlight Spectrum 2835 SMD packages from Selectronic and its Chinese partners HongliTronic.
“We are pleased to introduce Hongli’s Sunlight Spectrum 2835, which is the perfect solution to those wanting very close to natural light from an artificial source,” said Selectronic MD Kevin Dry.
"The option to create lighting products that replicate daylight opens a new era of what can be achieved in previously closed-off rooms or underground environments, not to forget the health benefits in dark winter periods from creating artificial daylight particularly when linked with a time clock to accurately reflect the various times of a bright sunny day."
The technology produces a spectrum of light that best matches sunlight’s natural spectrum, giving the suitable solution whether it is for various industrial/retail applications as well as in business, office or home lighting products.
Conventional LEDs produce a light which looks like sunlight but there is a factor of blue light output which is very much diminished with the Sunlight Spectrum 2835.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.997306
Retrieved Text: SUNLIGHT AUTO IN CLEVELAND IS YOUR RELIABLE SOURCE FOR YOUR NEXT VEHICLE PURCHASE OR ANY AUTOMOTIVE REPAIR, FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC, VEHICLE DETAILING, WE DO IT ALL!
Our customers can count on high quality used vehicles, unbeatable prices, and knowledgeable sales staff.
We finance good credit and bad credit.
We specialize in Pick Up Trucks!
You can also receive top notch maintenance and service at Sunlight Auto!
CUSTOMER-SERVICE IS OUR TOP PRIORITY!
DO NOT HESITATE TO CALL SUNLIGHT AUTO ANYTIME WITH ANY QUESTIONS!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.965076
Retrieved Text: The quest to develop the 'Holy Grail' of affordable, viable and environmentally-friendly fuels using sunlight has taken an exciting new twist.
A team of Renewable Energy experts from the University of Exeter has pioneered a new technique to produce hydrogen from sunlight to create a clean, cheap and widely-available fuel.
The team developed an innovative method to split water into its constituent parts - hydrogen and oxygen - using sunlight. The hydrogen can then be used as a fuel, with the potential to power everyday items such as homes and vehicles.
Crucially, hydrogen fuel that can be created through this synthetic photosynthesis method would not only severely reduce carbon emissions, but would also create a virtually limitless energy source.
The ground-breaking new research centres on the use of a revolutionary photo-electrode - an electrode that absorbs light before initializing electrochemical transformations to extract the hydrogen from water - made from nanoparticles of the elements lanthanum, iron and oxygen.
The researchers believe this new type of photo-electrode is not only cheap to produce, but can also be recreated on a larger scale for mass and worldwide use.
Govinder Pawar, lead author on the paper and based at the University of Exeter's Environment and Sustainability Institute on the Penryn Campus in Cornwall said: "With growing economies and population, fossil fuels will not be able to sustain the global energy demand in a "clean" manner as they are being exhausted at an alarming rate.
"Alternative renewable fuels sources must be found which can sustain the global energy demand. Hydrogen is a promising alternative fuel source capable

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.895698
Retrieved Text: As world populations continue to urbanize, many people find themselves living in smaller apartments that might not have the best light or placement for growing houseplants, much less a food-producing windowfarm. Kiel, Germany's We Love Eames created this set of glass planters that allow urban apartment dwellers to get their home greenery growing, without the need for windows and sunlight.
Seen over at Design Milk, the studio's Mygdal collection features a lovely hand-blown glass container that has its own dedicated light, and as such, doubles as an extra light source in the home.
[We] decided to design the Mygdal plant light to greenery to grow in windowless spaces as hotels or restaurants. It doesn’t require any human care like ventilation or irrigation. The plant light makes use of the physical similarity between LED and sunlight. Thus, the plants can perform photosynthesis. The luminaire is a completely self-sustaining ecosystem where the plants can grow undisturbed for years.
The standing lamp provides a new type of electrically conductive glass coating (patent requested), which is able to stream the electricity invisibly along the surface. There is no longer a [necessary] cable connection between the power source and the LED [sic]. This technical innovation opens up absolutely new opportunities in greenery design.
The design is a beautiful way to incorporate lighting and plants -- without needing too much of a green thumb, gratuitous gizmos or even sunlight. It's well-made for those who of us love plants but can't be bothered too much with all the work, and who might need an extra, conversation-starting lamp

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.880575
Retrieved Text: Today shots of a spring flower, a Field Forget-me-not - Myosotis arvensis in reflected ultraviolet photography using my "work horse" UV filter, the Baader-U filter as well as my XBV6 filters for simulating bee vision. Lens was a CERCO 94mm quartz fluorite lens. Light source was sunlight. All shots were done at about f5.6.
This Myosotis flower has a quite specific UV pattern, its petals are bright in UV around 385nm, but its center is quite darker. Also very interesting to notice is, that this Myosotis signals the development state of its individual flowers (or even if it has been pollinated?) by different UV "colors" (meaning the reflectance peak changes from long wave UV to shorter wave UV) and all this gets nicely visible, also in simulated bee vision.
Today shots of two early spring flowers, Bellis perennis - Common Daisy. and Dandelion - Taraxacum officinale in reflected ultraviolet photography. Lens was a CERCO 94mm quartz fluorite lens. Light source was sunlight. All shots were done at about f8 in reflected ultraviolet photography using my "work horse" UV filter, the Baader-U filter, as well as my XBV6 filter for simulated bee vision. Lens was a CERCO 94mm quartz fluorite lens. Light source was sunlight.
This Dandelion flower has quite a prominent UV pattern, its petals are UV bright around 365nm, its center is UV dark, especially the anthers. Common Daisy, however has a bulls-eye UV pattern, its center is UV dark, and the petals are UV reflective around 380nm and both gets quite nicely visible side-a-side, also in simulated

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.829643
Retrieved Text: Researchers have for the first time successfully demonstrated the entire production chain for renewable kerosene, using concentrated light as a high-temperature energy source. The project is still at the experimental stage, with a glassful of jet fuel produced in laboratory conditions, using simulated sunlight. However, the results give hope that in future any liquid hydrocarbon fuels could be produced from sunlight, CO2 and water.
In a first step concentrated light - simulating sunlight - was used to convert carbon dioxide and water to synthesis gas (syngas) in a high-temperature solar reactor containing metal-oxide based materials developed at ETH Zürich. The syngas (a mixture of hydrogen and carbon monoxide) was then converted into kerosene by Shell using the established "Fischer-Tropsch" process.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.814566
Retrieved Text: Acts as a critical hormone precursor that supports the immune system.
Regulates the health of at least 20 different tissues, including brain and joints.
Sunlight is the source of life on Earth, but we may not be aware of all the ways it benefits us. Our bodies manufacture vitamin D-3 when the skin is exposed to UV radiation from sunlight, but the ability to do so decreases as we age. Vitamin D-3 maintains healthy calcium and phosphorus levels in the body for strong bones; it increases muscle strength in older adults; and it also plays an active role in a healthy immune response. Vitamin D-3 (cholecalciferol) is the optimal form of vitamin D. It is the form of vitamin D that the body manufactures in sunlight, and the form most efficient for the body’s needs.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.79125
Retrieved Text: Save in winter with your solar solution!
Enough sunlight reaches the earth in one hour to power the world for an entire year. Unlike the substantial resources and capital needed to extract and burn fossil fuels, anyone can purchase and install solar panels to take advantage of this abundance of sunlight. Best of all, solar generates significant long-term savings on electricity bills.
Solar is a clean and safe energy source that converts sunlight into electricity for homes and businesses.
For now, subsidies are capped at $6,000 for each battery, though that figure will reduce as time progresses.
Help save the environment and make the switch to solar.
Know the articles that we have written and selected for you. We hope you enjoy them and share them.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.775341
Retrieved Text: Sunlight is a source of life on Earth, but we may not be aware of all the ways it benefits us. Our bodies manufacture vitamin D 3 when the skin is exposed to UV radiation from sunlight, but the ability to do so decreases as we age. Vitamin D-3 helps maintain healthy calcium and phosphorus levels in the body for strong bones, it helps maintain muscle strength in older adults, and it also plays an active role in a healthy immune response. Vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) is the optimal form of vitamin D. It is the form of vitamin D that the body manufactures in sunlight, and the form most efficient for the body's needs.
Other Ingredients: olive oil, gelatin, glycerin, and purified water.
1 softgel every three days with a meal containing fat, or as directed by your healthcare provider.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.761757
Retrieved Text: Ever notice how hard it is to get out of bed on dark, overcast days compared to the energy you feel when awoken with sunlight? That’s one of the many benefits of natural lighting. If you’re not already taking advantage of this free energy source, then you might not be aware the effect it can have on your productivity, and even health.
Here we’ll discuss the many benefits of using natural lighting in your home or office, and what you can do to maximize it in your space.
Architects refer to the use of natural light to support the needs of people as “daylighting,” and it can encompass the brightest of sunlight, as well as subdued, muted light.
Daylighting doesn’t just make a space look more attractive and feel more uplifting, but it actually increases productivity. For example, the Lighting Research Center (LRC), in N.Y., have reported that daylit environments increase productivity and comfort by providing the mental and visual stimulation needed to regulate our circadian rhythms.
By using motorized blinds for skylights, or sheer window covering, natural light can be the primary source of light, creating a comfortable temperature and energizing work environment.
Sunlight can actually make you feel happier. This is partly due to serotonin levels in the body, a chemical that helps maintain mood balance. When serotonin levels are too low, people may experience slumps in their mood, or even depression.
However, studies show that sunlight can naturally boost serotonin levels and lift your mood. Many people experience what’s called seasonal affective disorder (SAD), especially in areas like Toronto

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.721612
Retrieved Text: The conference I attended is a day-long event sponsored annually by my favorite turtle care and conservation organization, the New York Turtle and Tortoise Society; please check this website to read about their fine work…and to see photos from my recent presentation there. As in so many years past, legendary herpetologist Peter Pritchard graciously traveled to NYC to anchor the event.
Through presentations and conversations, I learned that Zoo Med T5 UVB and Mercury Vapor Bulbs have proven useful in the care of Radiated Tortoises (Astrochelys radiata) and other heliothermic (basking) reptiles. When blood tests revealed low levels of circulating D3, the UVB bulbs in a large tortoise exhibit were replaced with those mentioned above. Florescent bulbs (the Zoo Med T5), which do not emit significant heat, were paired with mercury vapor bulbs, which produce both heat and UVB. This technique, useful for pets as well, assures maximum UVB exposure by drawing animals to a heat source. When possible, the Radiated Tortoises were also exposed to several hours of natural, unfiltered sunlight.
Research is ongoing, but the tortoises’ D3 levels are now at normal levels, and several previously-infertile females have produced viable eggs. I’m interested to see if the effects of the bulbs and the sunlight can be distinguished (nothing tops natural sunlight, of course).
Several Ringtail Lemurs that share the tortoise exhibit also became very fond of basking under the new lights…maybe some bright young researcher will be asked to look into sunscreen for non-human primates!
Zoo Med’s T5 Florescent Bulbs are available in two strengths and several lengths,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.700491
Retrieved Text: AquaBar water cooling LED grow light system is designed to supplement or substitute sunlight in plant growing applications when sunlight is absent or not sufficient for photosynthesis. It can function as a single light source or serve as supplement or substitute to HPS lighting.
Spectrum of AquaBar series is ideal for all stages of growing of leafy greens, strawberries, vine crops and can be used both in hydroponic and in soil growing. AquaBar series LED is the best solution for growing vegetables and strawberries in grow chambers, grow rooms, containers.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.6351185
Retrieved Text: Nature Print Paper 11" x 17"
Free Ground Shipping on All Orders Delivered Within the USA!
Page 1 Created with Sketch. Group 17 Created with Sketch.
Nature Print Paper 5"x 7"
Nature Print Paper 8.5"x 11"
Nature Print Paper 11"x 17"
Home Products Nature Print Paper 11" x 17"
Beautiful, permanent, white on blue prints are made possible in a matter of minutes with Nature Print Paper and your creativity. Our non-toxic, classroom tested paper has been a great source of fun and for all ages since 1977.
Simply select the subject of your print from a wide array of natural or manmade objects, place it on top of the paper, and expose it to sunlight, or a UV lamp, until the paper turns light blue in color (1-3 minutes depending on intensity of sunlight). Once exposure is complete, submerge the paper in water to stop the exposure process, remove print from water and set aside to dry. It’s that easy!
Want a deeper blue print? Simply add a dash of hydrogen peroxide to the water before submerging your exposed paper.
Want to be able to use Nature Print but can’t make it outdoors? Not a problem, use an artificial UV light source to substitute for natural sunlight. Parental supervision is suggested when using electric powered UV light sources.
Beautiful freehand drawings are easier than ever with Nature Print Paper. Dip a paintbrush or cotton swab in hydrogen peroxide and start applying it to the unexposed paper. This step should be done indoors away from sunlight. Once you are happy with your creation, move your masterpiece outside

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.624911
Retrieved Text: Autumn is the season of colours: red, yellow and orange leaves are falling from the trees and in the sky are rainbows! You can make a rainbow at home with the activity below.
Explore the way that light behaves and learn that light travels in straight lines but can bend (refraction).
Learn that sunlight appears white, but actually consists of many different colours which can be separated into a rainbow or 'colour spectrum'.
Light is a specific type of energy that travels in straight lines and is made up of electromagnetic radiation. Unlike most other forms of energy, light can be detected by the human eye. Light can move very fast, at about 300,000 kilometres per second. Faster than anything else in the Universe. On Earth, the main source of light is the Sun. But light also comes from other sources, such as fires and light bulbs. Regardless of its source, light always travels in straight lines and always at the same speed in open spaces.
Although sunlight seems to be white, it is actually not. It consists of all kinds of colours that, when mixed together, form the colour ‘white’. In this activity these colours are unravelled by the water between the mirror and the surface. Light travels in straight lines, and when a beam of light travels from the air to the water, it bends a little. This bending is called ‘refraction’. It bends even more when it travels back from the water to the air. Some colours bend more than others. Therefore, different colours reach the paper

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.57864
Retrieved Text: Sunlight is an important source to live, to the living beings.
Daily a person should be exposed atleast for half an hour to the sunlight to remain healthy.
Persons who stay in a/c rooms,and a/c cars and a/c offices,and who lives in the artificial lights and bulbs all the whole day long ,generally feel mentally depressed.
The countries of northern region which doesnt have full sunlight,when compared to other places in the country,and other countries,will be naturally lightly depressive,and even the digestion will be poor,and its proved by research.
It is proved that light influences much on the mental condition of a human body.
Sunlight influences the pituatary gland,there by activating it.
Pituatary gland ,a master gland in human when it is activated ,the whole body turns active.
Even in zoos,wild animals,birds etc are active and they take food normally and be active,,when the cages they live in are exposed to natural sunlight.
It is observed even in poultry farms ,the production of eggs increase in nos,when there is natural light .
The children who are hyper active behave normally when exposed to normal sunlight.
Therfore its proved that light plays an important role in the moods and behaviour of the living beings.
Atleast by sitting under a tree or a umbrella,its no matter,see that atleast for 1/2 an hour your body is exposed tonatural light.
Daily remove all the doors and curtains of your house to invite the sunlight atleast for an hour.
Atleast at the time of sun rise and sun set expose yourself to natural sunlight .
For obese:it is a good information.You will eat less when

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.563284
Retrieved Text: Blog What Is the Connection Between Vitamin D & Breast Cancer?
What Is the Connection Between Vitamin D & Breast Cancer?
Researches have suggested that the levels of vitamin D and breast cancer are not directly related to each other, but even without a direct connection, both reasons and consequences of certain vitamin D levels can affect the woman’s risk of developing breast cancer.
1) Vitamin D plays an important role in controlling normal breast cell growth, it stops breast cancer cells from growing, in order to regulate the cell proliferation, differentiation, and apoptosis on a normal basis. Therefore, high levels of vitamin D might prevent the attack of cancer on your breasts.
2) If you are an inactive woman, and you do not get enough sunlight exposure then you prohibit yourself from sunlight benefits, at that moment, you are giving the cancer a chance to attack your body, while these factors could be the main originators of low vitamin D levels.
The ideal source of vitamin D is sunlight, when our bodies are exposed to the early morning sunlight, beneficial biological processes will convert sunlight into vitamin D.
Also women with higher vitamin D levels are less likely to die from breast cancer, and less likely to get other or larger tumors in their bodies. To know more about breast tumors, you can check our Benign Breast Conditions’ section.
You may also take vitamin D supplement capsules as your doctor recommends.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.529543
Retrieved Text: Water and sunlight could be used to produce hydrogen as a cheap and clean source of fuel.
Australian National University researchers modified a protein so that it replicated a crucial step in photosynthesis to produce energy when exposed to sunlight.
The findings, which were published in journal BBA Bioenergetics, could pave the way for the creation of a highly efficient, sustainable and affordable fuel, which would be a zero-carbon replacement for petroleum.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.518611
Retrieved Text: Dr. Gabe Mirkin on Health, Fitness and Nutrition. | Is calcium deficiency the most common cause of osteoporosis?
Is calcium deficiency the most common cause of osteoporosis?
Vitamin D deficiency may be even more important; a study from Amsterdam shows that 64 percent of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis lack vitamin D. A woman's bones are strongest when she is 20; you lose bone continuously over your lifetime until at 90, virtually all women have osteoporosis. Only recently have doctors become aware of this high rate of vitamin D deficiency which weakens bones. Very few people meet their needs for vitamin D from food; the most important source is sunlight. Still, during summer when sunlight is abundant, the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency was 59 percent; during winter it was 69 percent. Warnings about skin cancers from sunlight exposure may have increased risk for osteoporosis.
This study, presented at the 2005 annual meeting of the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research, shows that postmenopausal women should get blood tests for vitamin D, and those with low levels should get more sunlight or take vitamin D supplements. Neither calcium nor vitamin D supplements are effective as treatments for osteoporosis; check with your doctor about the bone-strengthening medications.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.517818
Retrieved Text: 2 advanced skylights offer 'light at the end of the tunnel' for daylighting of commercial buildings.
May 16, 2009, 3:48 p.m.
Two hi-tech skylights were on display at the Sustainable Energy Expo -- a prismatic skylight by Sunpotics that replicates the ambient glow of fluorescent lighting, and the amazing fiber optic skylight by HUVCO which pipes sunlight into the darkest recesses of a building.
Sunoptics has a lofty vision -- to entirely eliminate the need for electric lighting during working hours.
And most of this energy is consumed during the day when sunlight is readily available. But there have been two problems with skylights in the past -- lack of quality in illumination and excessive distance between the light source and the work area.
And for spaces that do not have direct roof/ceiling access to skylights, the new HUVCO fiber optic skylight allows sunlight to be "piped in" via bundles of fiber optic cables.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.473864
Retrieved Text: Located in the heart of Thornhill; in an easy to reach and accessible location, we are a patient oriented dental clinic whose main goal is to provide dental care that is stress free, effective, safe, and affordable.
The original handwriting of patients reviews slideshow are kept in Sunlight Dental Clinic. All pictures posted with the logo of SDC are a property of SDC, you may use them with mentioning the source only with advanced permission. Failure to comply of terms of this warning may expose you to legal action for copyright infringement by the SDC.
Copyright © Sunlight Dental Clinic 2018. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.453192
Retrieved Text: Nitrocellulose lacquer naturally ages over time, giving the guitar a yellowish, antique quality, often with accompanying spider cracks, also known as crazing. Many players desire this road-worn look, and finishes such as water-based lacquers and polyurethane finishes do not age like nitrocellulose lacquers. A natural aging process may take years to achieve if the guitar is stashed in its case for long periods. However, aging may be achieved in considerably less time, all while the guitar is not being played. A minimal amount of tending to the guitar is required, and the effect is gradual.
Expose the guitar to sunlight. Exposure to ultraviolet rays is how nitrocellulose lacquer ages. Place the guitar into the light. If the sunlight is direct, do not allow the guitar to get hot. If the guitar is very warm to the touch, move it back, or into indirect sunlight. A guitar that gets too warm may cause the wood to warp. Indirect sunlight works just as well, and poses no danger to the guitar.
Use fluorescent lighting to age the nitrocellulose lacquer finish. UVB 313-fluorescent lighting can be used when sunlight is not available. Expose the guitar to the lighting, which quickens aging.
Rotate the guitar. As the guitar sits in the sunlight, or fluorescent lighting, expose it evenly to the light source. While the guitar rests on a guitar stand, turn it every few days to ensure an even aging process.
Guitar lacquer clear coats can be refinished with an amber-tinted clear coat, which instantly gives your guitar an antique look. They can be

================



======= Instance Index 65 =========
Input Text: When would the sun set later?

Which is the correct answer?
- Christmas
- Presidents day
- Independence Day
- Halloween

Target Text: Independence Day

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.799194
Retrieved Text: For those familiar with the tech world’s history, it won’t come as a surprise to know that Apple has had a tumultuous past.
NEW DELHI: For those familiar with the tech world’s history, it won’t come as a surprise to know that Apple has had a tumultuous past. There was a time – hard to imagine now – when Apple products weren’t doing well and there were several mistakes made by the company. However, there was a time when Apple was almost bought over by Sun Microsystems. Yes, Sun Microsystems. Now some of you – the younger generation – might wonder Sun Microsystems, who? But there was a time – in the 90s to be slightly precise – when Sun Microsystems was a tech behemoth and considered one of the biggest names in the industry.
Almost 22 years ago in 1996, there were a lot of rumours of Sun Microsystems was all set to buy Apple for $3.89 billion, according to a report by CultofMac. Apple back then didn’t have Steve Jobs at the helm of affairs. Jobs had left the company under difficult circumstances a few years back and Apple’s products weren’t really setting the world alight.
In fact, this wasn’t the first time when Apple and Sun Microsystems came together. The CultofMac report says that in 1990 it was suggested that both companies came very close to being merged.
But it wasn’t till 1996 when Apple was on the verge of being taken over by Sun Microsystems. It was rumoured that a deal had been agreed and Scott

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.77396
Retrieved Text: The alarm clock wasn’t set to a loud beep, it was set to some loud MUSIC, good ole rock and roll at that. This type of wake up gave her and her husband the boost they needed to do it all over again. She would hop in the shower first, while Bill would feed and water the ANIMALS. By the time he got back and in the shower she would be making them something for breakfast. Always something simple, maybe an egg sandwich or oatmeal, nothing to time consuming. Sometimes times they would switch morning chores, but she normally didn’t want to walk all the way out to the barn that early in the morning.
She was getting into her truck and he was getting on his bike, when she realized she didn’t have to work that day. Totally forgot there was a teachers meeting and she could have slept in. However, since she was up she thought about going into the little town of Sloan and get some paint. They needed some exterior semi-gloss white for the doors and windows, not much, just a gallon. Marybeth took care of that little errand and a few others while she was out and came back home and took a nap. Why not.
Bill left work later than normal that evening, because of an overdue delivery. As he was dressing for his bike ride home he noticed the bottom of the sun was just resting on the tree tops. A beautiful scenery was cast across the western hemisphere and of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.584187
Retrieved Text: I stood there feeling powerful, holding the reins of my kite firmly. I was so afraid of losing it, after all, I had taken the time to plan everything and had been there.
Right from when it first got attached to the thread that would give it the freedom to push off from the ground until it had reached high enough in the sky to soar. I remembered every detail – it was blue with white stripes and shone brightly under the rays of the sun.
Perfect, that’s how I would describe how they looked together.
As the sun welcomed it with so much warmth.
There was so much that they didn’t know.
How long would they be able to travel together?
Who knew if the sun could keep its promise of following the kite wherever it went to and continue to brighten its path?
Yet, the kite danced fearlessly.
As if it just wanted to live in that one moment and hold on to it forever.
A few minutes later, it lost its wings.
And it started falling gently to the ground.
Soon it was nowhere in sight.
But this time feeling powerless. A little heartbroken, I would admit.
I wished things would have ended differently.
I wished that the kite would have had the chance to follow the sun until it set.
At least then, I could say that I had witnessed some kind of forever.
And suddenly, the wind began to blow harder.
As if it had heard my silent thoughts.
I saw my favorite patch of blue again, drifting above.
Peaceful and happy as it continued its journey.
Determined to reunite with

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.582312
Retrieved Text: I had a weekend planned in the Brecon Beacons to celebrate a friend’s 30th birthday, and given the beautiful forecast on the Friday afternoon I decided to leave work early and head up Mynydd Troed for sunset.
I was hoping for a fantastic view of the Dragon’s Back on the Black Mountains, but it just looked a bit rounded from high up and would have lost the sun too early. Thankfully the more classic view over Llangors Lake and the Pen y Fan massif was excellent.
I still haven’t done much sunrise or sunset photography, so I feel like I learnt lots. The key things being that I don’t need to arrive so early, and that I should definitely stay later!
The sunset turned out to be lovely, with a small bank of cloud on the horizon, which was thin enough to allow the sun through. Just after the sun had set I descended as I was cold and it was a bit later than I was expecting, but as I got back to the car I realised how much the sky had improved so shot a few more frames. These would have been much better from higher up.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.301676
Retrieved Text: I rarely set an alarm clock. It is a freedom that I thoroughly enjoy. Most days, I simply wake up as a result of my beautiful boy calling for me. However, there is nothing more frightening then the mornings I open my eyes for no other reason than my body and mind are ready to rise. One would think this the superior option to begin a day, unless you have a child.
Jackson has an interesting sleeping habit. If he goes to bed at his usual bed time, 6:30pm, he sleeps until about 5 or 6am. At that time, the sun has not risen, so Jack plays, for an hour or so, and goes back to sleep until 8 or 9am. This is the norm. If he goes to bed any later, he sleeps later, but when he wakes for the first time around 7ish the sun is up and he doesn't want to go back to sleep. So, Jackson actually sleeps later if he is put to bed earlier. Either way, I am pretty much timed out to wake up around 9am at the latest.
Today, I woke up at 10:30 and instantly panicked. I ran to his room. Face on pillow, sucking thumb, and his breathing that lifted his torso up and down almost distracted me from the brown streak of poop crawling 3/4 of the way up his back. Sheets had to be changed, and Jackson went right into the shower.
Tomorrow is not a daddy day. Regardless, I'm not setting an alarm clock.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.281147
Retrieved Text: Unlike many characters in the movie that were once human but later became monsters, Quasimodo (aka the Hunchback of Notre Dame) was never a monster but simply a human with a physical deformity.
In the first chaos scene after Johnny enters the hotel (when he realizes the monsters are real) a fly is depicted with multiple eyes (like a fly would have). In all later depictions of the flies, they have human-like eyes, with whites and pupils, etc.
On roof of the hotel Mavis is looking at the sun with her eyes in shadow.
When Dracula takes Johnny up to the hotel room with Glen's trapdoor, there's no shrunken head on the door. When he escorts Mavis out, there's now a shrunken head there. This head also has the same voice as the head on Mavis' door.
(at around 45 mins) When Mavis and Jonathan are on the roof, watching the sun rise, the lower portion of the roof becomes lit by the sun first, leaving the upper portion in shadow. A real sunrise would light the roof from the top down.
When she is in the roof, Mavis can't see the sunrise because she's in the shadow. The chimney covers the sun.
Dracula, Frankenstein's monster, The Mummy(?) and The Invisible Man are in the car in the village of Transylvania. However, when Dracula speaks to a human dressed as Dracula the glasses of the Invisible Man are not seen.
On the roof Jonathan exclaims "Look at the view from here, you can almost see Budapest..." The film is set in Romania however,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.265707
Retrieved Text: The sun was persistently making its way towards setting, casting long shadows that ducked and dived over lush green rolling hills that were intermingled with native bush. No artwork or picture can capture such beauty.
Just 30 minutes later, the sun had set and its intensity was made known by illuminating some high streaky strata cloud with beautiful reddish orangey bands of light. The cloud twisted and turned just a little to create an incredible image that only a few privileged people would enjoy that day. In minutes they would be gone and never reappear.
These images made me thankful for my life.
They were an incredible birthday present!
Becoming an expert at what you do!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.264206
Retrieved Text: On one cool spring day, the sun in the sky was peeking out through the clouds when suddenly a flock of chattering robins flew by.
Moments later, the clouds parted, the sun set and both darkness and stillness filled the air.
Now it’s your turn. Add to the beginning of the story or take me to the middle of the story; it is your choice.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.117916
Retrieved Text: Innovation provides the best Java J2EE Training in Bangalore and adopts a unique methodology in preparing the students to become company ready professionals. With the modernized and well-equipped lab-facility, Innovation ensures to expose students to a very organized and learning pattern that would enhance their knowledge in J2EE.
Innovation aims to make learning a fun process. We make our candidates go through basics of J2EE programming to the more advanced concept using hands-on teaching methods.
Java is a general purpose, high-level programming language developed by Sun Microsystems. The Java programming language was developed by a small team of engineers, known as the Green Team, who initiated the language in 1991. The language was originally called OAK, and at the time it was designed for handheld devices and set-top boxes. Oak was unsuccessful and in 1995 Sun changed the name to Java and modified the language to take advantage of the burgeoning World Wide Web.
Later, in 2009, Oracle Corporation acquired Sun Microsystems and took ownership of two key Sun software assets: Java and Solaris.
Applications and websites using Java will not work unless Java is installed on your device. When you download Java, the software contains the Java Runtime Environment (JRE) which is needed to run in a Web browser. A component of the JRE, the Java Plug-in software allows Java applets to run inside various browsers.
Why Collections Are Generic In Java?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.015154
Retrieved Text: then there is certainly no obligation to verify the facts in every case.
Margoliyos, there is certainly no obligation to check in a rare case.
clothing have an incidence rate of sha'atnez of 10% or greater?
Hayyom would still remain at pretty much the same time all year long.
of the year a day is slightly shorter than twenty-four hours.
This has nothing to do with the tilt of the earth.
sunset gets earlier; when sunrise gets earlier, sunset gets later.
its noncircular orbit around the sun.
length of a "day" is measured by the relative position of the sun.
to the earth's movement around the sun.
compensatory time that is added to the orbital period to make it a "day"
later at the same time.
equator than when you are closer.
for bringing and continuing to bring peace).
season, because your food depends on farmers' growing their crops.
begin asking for rain on a day determined by the solar calendar.
many years we have been using this approximation).
hermetic that certain communities would not observe it correctly.
in Exile, so the problem will disappear.
also if rain would be absolutely harmful to the local agriculture?
think about Israel, not your own area, when you say `vten tal umatar'.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.995752
Retrieved Text: This week I thought I would jump back into Scavenger Hunt Sunday. All the photos for this week are from our recent trip to Holland last weekend. I'm still sorting through the THOUSAND photos I took so look for more vacation pictures later this week. Hopefully this sneak peak will bring you back for more!
This single yellow brick on the pathway winding through Keukenhof Flower Garden in Holland caught my eye.
Ok so this isn't the best photo but I captured the distress on Ariana's face when they brought out our seafood dinner with whole cooked fish, eyeballs and all. It made me laugh but she was a champ and tried everything!
I'm thinking this falls into the category of Ancient. It's the door on the old lighthouse in The Hague, Holland.
Little fuzzy duckling enjoying a rainy fountain in the Keukenhof Flower Garden, Holland.
I captured this sunset run on the shore of the North Sea. We stayed in The Hague a few nights and wandered down to enjoy the beach sunsets while we were there. I love the silhouettes of the dog and his person running in the sun.
Linking up with Ashley and her Scavenger Hunt Sunday.
I love your antique and in the sun, just gorgeous!!
Oh my! That last shot is AWESOME!!! I'm a runner myself, and would LOVE to be able to run on a beach at sunset. You captured it perfectly.
I really like your set. I love the sun picture, but they are all wonderful.
Great shots! Your daughter's face is too cute! The sunset shot is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.987156
Retrieved Text: The vibes were ambient at The Shakedown Sunday night, but there was a tinge of anticipation on most all faces being that Sleepy Sun would take stage later in the night, Big Oil started off the night with quite the bang, drums were rabid and quirky while lifting the classic 1970’s drones high. The front man easily got the crowds attention with his wild antics and blush worthy motions. Over all, I dug their classic feel and semi London Punk flare here and there.
Local music on fire tonight as Falling Upstairs took stage, I wasn’t expecting an instrumental piece, but let me tell you, it sure had me grooving! Sultry saxophone solos atop the wailing riffs had the crowd surely pleased. There were some Tom Morello moments for me with the guitar flow, but over all this band was spunky and the crowd was seriously into the upbeat, jazziness of the whole shebang.
Alas, the stage was streaming denim and great hair as San Franciscan natives Sleepy Sun began to trance the crowd with their insanely dreamy sounds. Brett Constantino’s vocals were smoother than satin, and stage tactics were heavenly. Ladies best beware of some serious sensuality protruding off the stage when these boys are playing, haunting melodies and ever-changing riffs could make you melt. Sleepy Sun puts on a truly synchronized set, drawn out songs rendering high, drippy, standards. I would say they are more on the mild side of psych rock, but the fuzziness of their sound is apparent, and dwindles quite epically throughout their

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.965545
Retrieved Text: "Historians think the Ancient Greeks used sand and oil to protect their skin from sun damage as early as 400 BC and quite a few years later, sun block gets another blurb when Christopher Columbus journals about the paint the natives use to protect their skin from the sun.
The first widely used chemical sunscreen was invented by Benjamin Green, whose 'Red Vet Pet' was worn by soldiers in the Pacific during WWII. Green’s early attempt would later become a Coppertone product. A handful of others invented basic sunscreens around the same time and they all had one thing in common: They didn’t work particularly well."

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.903759
Retrieved Text: While I was sitting in the dark last night (at 5pm) I couldn’t help but wonder: Are we saving anything but daylight with daylight saving time (DST)? I found some interesting statistics about the financial implications of DST—both positive and negative.
-When Congress voted to extend daylight saving time, lawmakers justified the act as a way to reduce energy consumption. However, a study of actual energy usage in Indiana suggests that daylight saving time may really result in increased energy use.
-It is rumored that candy companies pushed to extend daylight saving time so trick-or-treaters could stay out later, thus increasing candy sales.
-The Air Transport Association argued that the adjustment would throw U.S. international schedules further out of sync with Europe. It said the extension would cost the U.S. airline industry $147 million and disrupt overseas travel.
-Updating software to accommodate the DST shift in 2007 cost an estimated $500 million to $1 billion.
-There's a cost when dealing with someone who follows a different set of rules. For example, if Arizona uses different rules than Texas, you can't always assume that they're one hour apart.
-DST changes may be impacting market participants internationally. In 2000 the daylight-saving effect implied an estimated one-day loss of $31 billion on U.S. stock exchanges.
-DST can adversely affect farmers and others whose hours are set by the sun. For example, grain harvesting is best done after dew evaporates, so when field hands arrive and leave earlier in summer their labor is less valuable.
-The author of "Seize the Daylight, the Curious Contentious story of Daylight Saving

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.854105
Retrieved Text: When a close friend was diagnosed with skin cancer, Holly Thaggard wanted to learn everything there was to know about sun exposure. She quickly discovered that very few people knew how damaging it actually was. She also learned that sun damage starts as early as childhood, and, as a mother and a teacher, she immediately thought of her own kiddos and her students outside on the playground without a trace of SPF. Holly did her research and found that the number one reason people did not wear daily SPF was because it just didn’t feel good on their skin.
So she set out to create an SPF formula that people would actually want to wear. A formula that felt so good, and was so good for you that even kiddos would want to wear it, and dermatologists would want to sing its praises. Holly launched her first ingredient-conscious, feel-good formula three years later (winning a AAD Golden Triangle Award along the way), and hasn’t stopped innovating since.
Even with innovative, feel-incredible suncare, education on the importance of daily SPF is where the real change happens. That’s why we’re putting sunscreen in schools across the nation with our giving program, Ounce by Ounce®. We’re teaching kids the importance of SPF Every. Single. Day.™, helping them adopt this healthy (and fun!) habit just as they learn to brush their teeth and wash their hands.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.8363905
Retrieved Text: The Super Orbiter at the Oregon State Fair in Salem, Oregon. The sun was just starting to set when I snapped this one. About an hour later the background was just perfect and they turned out better....I think!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.778038
Retrieved Text: During the Zero Carbon Co.Lab Sessions we were learning how to used the IESVE software, which stands for Integrated Environmental Solutions. This software allows you to design and operate comfortable buildings which would consume significantly less energy and incorporate low-carbon and renewable technologies.
On our first sessions we were learning how to model a basic building in IES, for e.x: how to create walls, add holes, doors, windows and roofs.
Later on, during the next sessions, we started assigning construction materials to our building, by basically picking what type the building is and then looking at the examples of the constructions and later editing them.
Then we set up the location of our building (for this model we used Birmingham Airport), and then we looked at sun path diagrams.
After these small steps we set up the profile for our building (at what time would the windows open, when does the heating turn on) and started simulating in. The simulation shows different values, like boiler loads, solar altitude, carbon emissions and many other values, which could be looked at in numerical or graphical form.
And during our last tutorial sessions we looked at Radiance, which produces photo-realistic renderings based on real-life lighting simulations.
After these sessions, we are going to receive an old Victorian building and try to make it a zero carbon building through IES software.
In my opinion this software is really useful for testing and even inspiring your ideas as it is a precise tool which can help you overcome different problems in your design, and I would like to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.732725
Retrieved Text: Newborns are known for waking up a lot during the night; it's what we expect as parents. Fast forward the first few of months with very little sleep and you're starting to expect some level of routine to be established. Your baby may have moved into their bedroom and you're embracing their longer stretches of sleep. Then something like teething or a sleep regression hits and you're back to the newborn ways of little sleep and lots of coffee. However, by the time your tiny newborn baby has grown into a fully fledged toddler you might be expecting (and seriously hoping) that they will be sleeping through the night and gently waking you at a sociable hour in the morning.
A quick summary of Isabella's sleeping habits - she didn't sleep through the night until she was 14 months, but ever since has been a pretty good sleeper. That was until Poppy was born. We had complete roll reversal - our newborn baby slept like a dream and our toddler started waking up at 4.30am ready for the day. Every. Single. Night. It was exhausting and although we understood a lot had changed for Isabella the early wake up calls just had to stop. She was getting overtired during the day, as was I and ironically Poppy was the only one getting a good amount of sleep!
After asking on Instagram for advice on what to do the same product kept being recommended - the groclock by The Gro Company. So, like the desperate parents that we were,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.666285
Retrieved Text: I am holding XS Max and I am using the screentime function to control my child’s usage on her iphone 7plus. The issue is everytime I set the all the things properly on my XS max to limit the certain things on my child’s iPhone, the settings would be gone within the next an hour or so when I checked and I have to re-set those again. Or after the downtime has kicked in, I am surprised my child could still excess some of her apps. It’s fustrating to keep repeating doing those settings. Not sure if any of you is experiencing the same as me. Tried to do a search on the forum and can’t find any similar post.
For me, I use the function screen time and set the screen time directly on my daughter’s iPhone. With a 4 digit numerical password of which she doesn’t know. Can customise days.
So it’s like Sun to Thu it will auto block all apps including social media apps (youngsters like to use ig fb youtube viu etc) at downtime 10pm. 6am will auto unlock. Of coz emergency apps like phone, WhatsApp, clock still can use. I also calculated the amount of time when she dismissed from sch till bedtime 10pm. So I set a stipulated hours usable too I.e. 5 hours from sun-thu. After 5 hours of usage or 10pm (whichever is earlier), phone will auto block. She has no choice but to do hw or pack bag.
Fri and sat I customised it to longer hours and later

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.590454
Retrieved Text: so that light and heat were his only concerns.
The sun would rise and he would rise to meet it.
He would cross land and sky and go anywhere if the sun went there first, heated invincible.
When it would begin to set, for a while he would walk with a falling sun.
and he would turn his back on what was to him a dying star.
and the sun’s heat on his back as he walked home.
Because he was afraid to walk home in the dark he never saw the sun set.
He would close the door on the last breath of day that always saw him home even after he had turned his back on it.
Then one day he decided that if the sun could walk him home he could do the same.
and darkness is only the ashes of light, and should be treated as such.
He turned his back on the night and walked home.
and he knew he could do the same.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.501471
Retrieved Text: In a newspaper interview published just hours before holding talks with May, Trump said her Brexit strategy would “kill” any chance of a trade deal and said she had not listened to his advice on how to negotiate with the EU.
At the same location a week ago, May finally won agreement for her Brexit plans from her cabinet after two years of tortuous internal wrangling. But within days, two senior ministers had quit, departures which Trump said earlier in the week had left Britain in turmoil.
May’s formal proposals were published on Thursday, but hours later the Sun published an interview with Trump where he appeared to side with the prime minister’s critics.
Trump has also frequently angered British politicians and has been involved in social media spats with London’s Muslim mayor Sadiq Khan who he said had “done a very bad job on terrorism”.
He was due to fly to one of his golf courses in Scotland later on Friday where he will stay until Sunday when he flies to Helsinki for talks with Russia’s Putin where he said he would bring up the issue of nuclear disarmament.
However his trip is set to be overshadowed by news that a U.S. federal grand jury has indicted 12 military intelligence officers on charges of hacking the computer networks of 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.452696
Retrieved Text: They brought us to Huacachina where, a few hours later, the “excursion” would begin. Along with a bunch of other people we hopped into a cool sand buggy and rode off. After leaving the one road in the village it was all sandy hills, which made for quite an exciting ride. When there was some distance between us and our location of departure, we made a short stop for pretty pictures.
This, however, was only the start of the vastness of that place. After everyone got their fix of crazy selfies, we continued driving further into the desert, and picked a nice hill to go sandboarding on. That’s right, I actually went sandboarding. We started off just laying down on our boards, but soon enough we started experimenting with riding our wooden planks like you would a snowboard. It was radical!
Many kilos heavier thanks to all the sand we gathered, we drove up one last hill to see the sun set. It was super pretty, but went down rather quickly, and suddenly it was freezing cold.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.417662
Retrieved Text: Square Enix has announced that the first season of Hitman content will be getting High Dynamic Range (HDR) support on the Xbox One S later this month. Rolling out in an update scheduled for January 31, the feature's addition will significantly expand the range of both contrast and color displayed on HDR-enabled displays.
As announced on the game's official Twitter account, the entire first season of content will be seeing this visual overhaul on HDR-compatible platforms. Coinciding with the game's physical retail release, the addition of HDR support will also be a treat for those only just getting started with the world of assassination.
When it comes to Hitman's improvements with HDR – players can expect to see improvements in all aspects of the game's coloring. As explained by Io-Interactive's Anders Wang Kristensen, HDR will have the greatest effect in the game's darkest and lightest scenarios.
As an example, think of 47 in a dark room looking out a bright window. Without HDR you would not be able make out what's outside, whereas with HDR you can simultaneously see details inside the room and outside the window.
Another extreme example is the sun. Without HDR we could not render the sun brighter than a white piece of paper, so we had to 'simulate' the sun being blinding. With HDR we can draw the sun several times brighter, so that it is actually close to being blinding, just like in real life.
Hitman will join the small but ever-growing list of HDR titles, which is set to continue developing as we move

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.412208
Retrieved Text: I’ll be discussing the Strange Phenomena that occurred at Fatima 101 years ago!
Here’s some of what I will be discussing!
There was a fourth seer who had an encounter with a child-like being that appeared to her over the same tree that the “apparition” would later appear over!
Cars stopped working after the disc-like object flew less than 100 feet above the crowd!
People’s clothes became instantly dry but some had “burns” on their skin when the “disc” flew directly overhead!
Some people saw “beings” in the craft as it flew overhead.
Angel hair fell on the crowd. Is this the same substance that accompanies UFO sightings?
We have published what were never-before-seen-photographs during the so-called miracle of the sun, that clearly show a round, disc-like object directly above the apparition site!
Fatima was, in my opinion, a harbinger of deception. The acceptance of what I believe was a UFO event has set a precedent for all other so-called sun miracles. The so-called “sun miracles” have continued into modernity. People now accept them as being a sign from God. All of this because of what happened at Fatima 101 years ago.
Portugal has a similar tradition which describes a race of supernatural women called the Moura Encantada who were said to be the guardians of doorways into other dimensions, as well as into the earth itself. These women were also said to be able to spin the sun, which connects intimately to the final apparition at Fatima, where thousands of witnesses watched a glowing oval of light spin through the sky.
← Acceleration Radio! Chase

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.405572
Retrieved Text: A new "Ultra Shiny" trademark has been filed.
While we have yet to hear any kind of official announcement for a new Pokémon game on the Switch, more information is emerging that indicates something is big is brewing. With the latest piece of news being that Nintendo, Game Freak and Creatures have filed a trademark for the term “Ultra Shiny”.
The reason why Nintendo, Game Freak and Creature are an important triumvirate is that they are the three bodies that make up The Pokémon Company. What’s more, with the release of Pokémon Ultra Sun and Pokémon Ultra Moon on the 3DS last year, the term “Ultra” now has a special significance.
Following that, we have had rumors that the next game in the Pokémon series may feature eighth generation Pokémon. This news started a while back due to a reveal in a Spanish Nintendo magazine.
Admittedly, when it comes to Pokémon leaks it’s wise to be suspicious but the timing of the “Ultra Shiny” trademark and talk of a new eighth generation of Pokémon may mean we have something rather momentous on the horizon, or it could be a new trading card set.
Personally, I still feel that the Pokémon Stars reveal a while back may have some actual truth to it. If we were going to get an updated version of Pokémon Ultra Sun and Pokémon Ultra Moon for the Switch, it would make sense that the term “Ultra Shiny” would be a part of that.
After all, the likes of Pokémon Yellow was an amalgamated version of Pokémon Red and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.383949
Retrieved Text: You cannot feel or hear the world turning. It does not rumble through space. But you can see it turn with your own eyes every day and night. And, with patience, you can see Earth travel around the Sun.
As the globe turns and night falls, stars appear to travel from east to west across the night sky. Or do they?
How stars move across the sky is a touch more complicated than you may first imagine. And the motion of the stars tells us about our place on the world and our travels around the Sun.
We live on a spinning globe, and as we turn different swathes of the universe come into view. However, what you see depends on where you are.
Almost directly above the North Pole is the star Polaris. As the world turns on its axis, Polaris remains above the North Pole. If you had the misfortune of being at the North Pole in midwinter, Polaris would be a constant companion overhead.
Imagine an alien looking down from Polaris at Earth. What would they see? They would see Earth’s Northern Hemisphere, spinning anticlockwise around the North Pole. A Polarisian would never see Earth’s Southern Hemisphere, with its red Australian deserts and frozen Antarctic wastes.
Who can see Polaris from Earth? People across the Northern Hemisphere can see Polaris, and it never rises nor sets.
However, while Polaris is high in the sky when viewed from inside the Arctic circle, as you move towards the Equator, Polaris gets closer and closer to the northern horizon. If you travel into

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.336017
Retrieved Text: Pikachu (Japanese: ピカチュウ Pikachu) is a Lightning-type Basic Pokémon card. It was first released as one of the SM Black Star Promos.
This card was released as one of the English SM Black Star Promos handed out to attendees to Target's Pokémon Sun and Moon launch event held on November 19, 2016. It was released as part of the Pikachu's New Friends Collection in Japan. In the UK, this print was given away to the first 250 customers at participating GAME stores holding midnight launch events for the Sun & Moon expansion on February 3, 2017. Events were held at stores in Brentwood, Hinckley, Liverpool, and Plymouth, England.
Two different SM-P Promotional cards were later made available in Japan from December 9, 2016, coinciding with the release of Collection Sun and Collection Moon. The print numbered 003/SM-P was available in the Pikachu Special Set, which could be purchased at Pokémon Centers, Pokémon Stores, and some store chains, including: Circle K Sunkus, Daily Yamazaki, FamilyMart, Ministop, and Lawson. The print numbered 008/SM-P was available in the Toys "R" Us Limited GX Starter Set. The Pikachu's New Friends print was reprinted in Japan as another SM-P Promotional card, available as part of the Midsummer's Pika Pika Alola Festival, which ran from July 22 to September 3, 2017. Customers at participating Pokémon Centers (including the Pokémon Center Online) and Pokémon Stores who purchased five booster packs in one transaction were given 1 of 6 possible promotional cards. This print features the Pokémon Center logo in the bottom right corner of the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.333532
Retrieved Text: Sun Microsystems has been an exceptionally polite and forthcoming company recently. It managed to be credited for a lot of things and its contribution with software such as OpenOffice.org must not be forgotten. It is irksome, however, when voices from within the company send out some warning signals. Let it be more specific and explicit for a moment.
When Sun acquires Free software projects and their parent companies, people raise many questions, especially with regard to motive. Sun’s acquisition of MySQL, for instance, may be fine news for Free software, but not for Linux.
Last week, DisinformationWeek published the following article.
CEO Schwartz says that the Solaris, Java, virtualization, MySQL combo is best for development.
MySQL brings another key set of developers, the users of the integrated open source LAMP stack, he said. LAMP stands for Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP or Perl. The “L” doesn’t have to be taken literally, he added. Sun can and will substitute Solaris for Linux in the stack.
You can hopefully see where it is heading. MySQL might, after all, not only be a route for entering customers’ turf and selling hardware to them. With Solaris, Sun has greater control.
On Monday OGB Chairman Rich Teer posted Sun’s answer (crafted by Mr Bill Franklin with the assistance of Mr. Simon Phipps) to the OGB’s request for clarification regarding the highly controversial decision to name Project Indiana “OpenSolaris”. The issue is highly mixed, on one hand you have Sun Microsystems looking for a way to monetize OpenSolaris, on the other hand they are redefining the term “OpenSolaris”,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.2901535
Retrieved Text: Exp. Share (known until Next Destinies as EXP.ALL) (Japanese: 学習装置 Learning Equipment) is an Item card. It was first released in Neo Destiny as a Pokémon Tool card.
Attach EXP.ALL to 1 of your Pokémon that doesn't have a Pokémon Tool attached to it.
During your opponent's turn, if your Active Pokémon would be Knocked Out by your opponent's attack, you may take 1 of the basic Energy cards attached to your Active Pokémon and attach it to the Pokémon with EXP.ALL attached to it. If you do, discard EXP.ALL.
Attach EXP.ALL to 1 of your Pokémon (excluding Pokémon-ex and Pokémon that has an owner in its name) that doesn't already have a Pokémon Tool attached to it. If that Pokémon is Knocked Out, discard this card.
During your opponent's turn, if 1 of your Active Pokémon would be Knocked Out by your opponent's attack, you may take 1 basic Energy card attached to that Knocked Out Pokémon and attach it to the Pokémon with EXP.ALL attached to it. If you do, discard EXP.ALL.
When your Active Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may move 1 basic Energy card that was attached to that Pokémon to the Pokémon this card is attached to.
When your Active Pokémon is Knocked Out by damage from an opponent's attack, you may move 1 basic Energy card from that Pokémon to the Pokémon this card is attached to.
This card was first released in the Neo Destiny expansion with artwork by Keiji Kinebuchi. It was later reprinted in the EX FireRed &

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.281079
Retrieved Text: "Her children are just so little that they can't begin to comprehend their mummy is gone. As a matter of fact, neither can we. How does a completely healthy and happy person just die?"
It was the darkened windows that set alarm bells ringing in Ash and Sarah's minds.
The first day of the year was coming to a close in London and the sun had set hours earlier.
As the grandparents stood huddled outside their daughter Ashley's home, they tried to stay calm for the sake of her two children standing with them.
But when they discovered their 28-year-old daughter sprawled on the ground a few minutes later - it was nearly impossible to shield six year-old Lailani and three-year-old Maverick from the shock and pain.
"Our last conversation was me asking her to come out with us for New Year's Eve the night before," Sarah told The Sun.
Although Ash and Sarah had been concerned they hadn't heard from Ashley as the clock struck 12, it still seemed incomprehensible to face the fact she was actually gone, less than 24 hours later.
"Why can't we phone mummy in heaven?"
The young kids had been spending time with their dad Charlie - but were looking forward to seeing their mum when they were dropped home by their grandparents just after 7pm on New Year's Day.
Ash and Sarah barely held back tears as they tried to describe how they broke the news to little Lailani and Maverick that their mum wasn't coming back.
“We just told Lailani that mummy died and went to heaven," Sarah

================



======= Instance Index 199 =========
Input Text: Storms lead to

Which is the correct answer?
- an increase in water temperature
- an uptick in local ponds fish supply
- an increase in issues from drought conditions
- an uptick in local ponds water level

Target Text: an uptick in local ponds water level

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.801315
Retrieved Text: the right day to thank God for the storms in our lives.
The suffering of Christ was His final display of perfect obedience to the Father. His suffering made Him the complete sacrifice, earning salvation for the rest of the world. His suffering at the hands of those He came to save demonstrated to the rest of the world that storms enter the lives of even the very best of us. But out of those storms, things of beauty arise, just as Christ rose from the dead before ascending to heaven.
During storms, things around us often look harsh, dark, dangerous, and emit a sense of foreboding. But we usually see soon after that the storm has created new life and things of beauty. The suffering that we endure as a result of the storms in our lives will produce within us a greater understanding of the pain of another human being. It will enable us to be greater providers of comfort to others during the storms in their lives.
No one likes to suffer, and God does not enjoy watching us stand and face our storms. Obedience to God can lead us into stormy weather, but the Lord will lead us safely out again, and we quite possibly will be pleasantly surprised at what is revealed after the storm has passed.
Instead of questioning God’s intentions, we should thank Him for the storms in our lives and ask Him to reveal the beauty that can be produced as a result, and today is the right day to do just

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.280905
Retrieved Text: Severe storms and flooding concerns are the main topics in this forecast, and both are possible today. Southerly winds ahead of an advancing cold front will lead to temperatures warming into the mid 70s. The Storm Prediction Center has outlined the region in an “enhanced” risk of severe weather. Think of this as a level 3 out of 5 threat.
There are two opportunities to see severe weather. The first opportunity will come in the afternoon. Several models suggest the development of scattered showers and storms this afternoon. These storms will fire in such an environment that will be conducive to supercell development. This means that all modes of severe weather will be possible, including damaging wind, large hail, and isolated tornadoes. The tornado threat may increase in the late afternoon and early evening. Below is simulated radar from noon to 6 PM.
A secondary severe weather threat will exist along the cold front. A line of strong to severe storms should develop on or near the surface cold front. This cold front will move through the region Saturday night. Damaging wind will be the main concern with the line of storms, though an isolated tornado can’t be ruled out. Below is simulated radar from 7 PM to 11 PM.
All this rain means there’s potential for some flash flooding. The Weather Prediction Center has placed the region in a “moderate” risk of flash flooding. Think of this as a level 3 out of 4 threat. A “high” risk of flash flooding is noted just to the west of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.273787
Retrieved Text: SUMMARY…Line embedded supercells currently in south central Mississippi are expected to move east with a threat of damaging winds and tornadoes.
DISCUSSION…In the last hour, storms on the southern periphery of the confluence band in central Mississippi have started to strengthen. The strongest of these storms is currently entering Walthall county. The 00Z LIX sounding shows moderate instability with effective shear around 60 knots and 0-1 km SRH in excess of 450 m2/s2. This environment will support all severe hazards including the potential for tornadoes. Widespread convective development in this confluence band will likely lead to storm interference similar to the storms farther north, but there is the potential that storms could remain more discrete in this area which would support the tornado threat despite a slightly weaker wind field compared to areas farther north. If several sustained storms can materialize across southern Mississippi, an additional tornado watch may need to be issued in far southeast Mississippi and far southwest Alabama.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.913068
Retrieved Text: An infrared satellite image of the eastern Pacific Ocean on the morning of June 28, 2018.
The eastern Pacific hurricane season has been cranking out tropical storms this month. The tropical basin off the western coast of Mexico has seen five named storms so far since June 5, and there’s a near-certain chance that basin’s sixth named storm will form this weekend. If a new tropical storm forms before July 1, it would not only break the record for the most named storms during the month of June, but it would give 2018 the most named storms ever seen so early in the season. (Reliable records in the eastern Pacific date back to the early 1970s.) While the eastern Pacific can produce devastating hurricanes for Mexico, most of the storms that form here are guilt-free to gawk at since they usually swirl harmlessly out to sea.
The National Hurricane Center is tracking Tropical Storm Emilia and a disturbance that will likely become Tropical Storm Fabio over the next couple of days. Both storms are well west of land and moving out toward the cooler waters of the open sea.
The first two named storms in the eastern Pacific rocketed to major hurricane strength in a hurry. Both Hurricane Aletta and Hurricane Bud blew past their forecast maximum winds to become intense storms. Aletta reached category four strength with winds of 140 MPH on June 8. Bud grew into a strong category three storm with 125 MPH winds three days later on June 11. While Aletta moved harmlessly out to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.766862
Retrieved Text: Session 1: ​"Reading the Map." Getting a grasp on cultural changes. What are the trends? What is coming to your community?
Session 3: "Identifying Dangerous Storms." What are the top cultural storms the church is facing? Define the issues. Begin to formulate a biblical response.
Session 4: ​"A New Flight Plan." How to lead your church to develop a missional flight plan as individuals, families, and as a church.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.765571
Retrieved Text: Severe Thunderstorms to Threaten the Central U.S.
The start of the work week won’t come easy for some in the Central U.S. as the risk for severe thunderstorms returns. There will be two areas where severe storms are expected to develop: Minnesota and the Central Plains. A low pressure and its associated frontal boundary will be the instigator for the storms in Minnesota while a separate low pressure’s dry line near the Rocky Mountains will allow for the formation of strong to severe thunderstorms late in the day.
This morning, there is a batch of showers and thunderstorms moving eastward across Nebraska. This area of precipitation will develop into a line or two of scattered thunderstorms in the afternoon while tracking into much of Iowa and Minnesota. Closer to the low, which will be in Minnesota, is where that best risk for strong storms to hit. The main risks will be damaging winds in excess of 58 mph and large half with a diameter of at least 1 inch. There is nearly zero chance for any tornadoes in this region. As these storms track toward Wisconsin and northern Illinois, they will weaken and dissipate during the wee hours of Wednesday morning.
Back toward the south and west, we think there is an even greater threat for severe weather across much of the Central Plains. During the mid-afternoon, a dry line will lead to the initiation of strong to severe storms over western Kansas. As these storms track to the east, maximizing the instability and moisture in place, they will

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.656695
Retrieved Text: We should see warm and humid conditions through the day with more clouds and increasing chances of scattered storms this afternoon. Not everyone will see rain today, but keep your eyes to the sky during the heat of the afternoon. The best chance will be well west and to the east of DFW. A few storms west of Fort Worth could be strong.
Rain coverage increases on Monday as a tropical wave moves in from the southeast. Periods of heavy rain will be possible and may lead to isolated minor flooding. At the same time, additional cloud cover will help to keep temperatures down. Keep the umbrella handy all week! Additional scattered showers and storms are expected late in the week and into the weekend.
TODAY: Partly cloudy and very warm with a 20% chance for isolated showers and storms. High: 93. Wind: SE 10-15 mph.
TONIGHT: Mostly cloudy. Low: 75. Wind: SE 5-10 mph.
LABOR DAY: Mostly cloudy with a 50% chance for showers and storms. High: 87. Wind: SE/E 10 mph.
SATURDAY: Mostly cloudy with a 40% chance of rain. Low: 74. High: 88. Wind: S 10 mph.
SUNDAY: Mostly cloudy with a 40% chance for showers and storms.Low: 73. High: 89. Wind: S/SE 10 mph.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.606377
Retrieved Text: The world is drying out as global warming intensifies and increases. Increased temperatures lead to more plus faster evaporation plus longer more intense drought cycles. Longer and more intense droughts dry out soils and forests, leading to more desertification.
At the same time, the increased moisture in the upper atmosphere creates larger and more frequent plus intense storms, which then destroy crops, homes, forests and infrastructure due to larger more intense tornadoes, wind storms, plus hurricanes.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.585422
Retrieved Text: "This document Copyright 1999 John Doe"
Version 1.2.1 – Added a secret in Gerudo Valley.
FAQ, site or something of that kind email me and ask me permission.
middle of a stone circle.
of stones on top. Play the song of storms in the middle of the circle.
the other ramp and place a bomb to blast the rock and reveal a secret.
- Proceed to the fortress's main entrance, the one with the 4 boxes.
play the song of storms on the place they were.
- Play the song of storms behind the carpenters tent.
Gauntlets) to reveal the secret.
side and enter the hole.
- There are a lot of secrets here, just push all the graves to find them.
- Just push the grave that is on one of the islands.
- Play the song of storms near the tree that is inside the Castle fence.
next to the tree to reveal a secret.
and break the boulder to reveal the entrance.
of a stone circle. Break the boulder and place a bomb on the circle.
square. Place a bomb right in the middle of it.
for you to find him.
right there waiting for blasting.
of butterflies and you should fall into a hole (only as a kid).
between the tree and the stairs that lead to the well.
the song of storms just in front of it to make a hole appear.
- In the middle of the maze there is a hole on the ground.
- In the flat stone that is not submerged, play the song of storms.
play the song of storms to reveal the secret.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.379786
Retrieved Text: NOAA has released their 2018 Atlantic hurricane season predictions.
U.S. government forecasters are predicting a near or above-normal 2018 Atlantic hurricane season, likely with 10 to 16 named storms and up to four of them being major hurricanes.
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration forecasters released their storm season outlook Thursday at the agency's aircraft operations center in Lakeland, Florida. That facility is the base for NOAA's "hurricane hunter" aircraft that fly into storms to collect data used in storm forecasts.
Forecasters are predicting five to nine hurricanes with wind speeds of at least 74 mph. Major hurricanes have wind speeds of at least 111 mph. An average hurricane season produces 12 named storms, of which six become hurricanes, including three major hurricanes.
"The possibility of a weak El Nino developing, along with near-average sea-surface temperatures across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, are two of the factors driving this outlook," NOAA said on its website.
The six-month Atlantic hurricane season extends from June 1 to Nov. 30.
"There are no strong climate signals saying it's going to be extremely active, like last year, or extremely weak," said Gerry Bell, the lead hurricane forecaster at NOAA's Climate Prediction Center.
Meanwhile, NOAA also revealed its prediction of a near- or above-normal season for the eastern and central Pacific regions. The eastern region could see 14 to 20 named storms, with seven to 12 of those storms expected to be hurricanes. Up to seven could become major hurricanes. The central region could see three to six tropical cyclones, which includes tropical depressions, tropical storms and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.305668
Retrieved Text: TTR Weather Update from NWS Houston Galveston, Includes information for Colorado, Jackson, and Wharton Counties.
Potential for severe weather this afternoon and tonight. Threat for locally heavy rainfall which with saturated grounds could lead to more flooding.
When: 3PM to 9PM today, very well could affect evening commute.
Severe Weather Hazards: tornado/damaging winds, hail. Atmosphere will become favorable for storms to rotate which will support the threat for tornadoes and wind damage.
Heavy Rainfall: strong/severe storms could produce isolated swaths of 2-3″ of rain. Areawide rainfall totals could be under 1 inch. Storms will be moving 40 mph but produce high rain rates.
Impacts: Should tornadoes/damage wind occur – damage to roofs of structures, trees down, power lines down, power outages. Flooding – rapid rises on bayous/creeks, street flooding in low lying areas.
Confidence: Confidence was low but with SPC upgrading our area to a Slight risk, there is at least low/moderate confidence.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.292075
Retrieved Text: In 2005, a total of 28 named tropical cyclones churned across the Atlantic Ocean. That set a record that is likely to stand for a while: There is only a 3.2 percent chance of more Atlantic storms forming in any one year, at least under current climate conditions, scientists report August 22 in Science Advances.
There were so many Atlantic storms in 2005 that the U.S. National Hurricane Center went through its entire alphabet of names and started on Greek letters. And of the 28 named storms that year, 15 were strong enough to be called hurricanes. But could the Atlantic produce more storms, if the conditions were right?
Climate scientist Sally Lavender of CSIRO in Aspendale, Australia, and colleagues examined thousands of years of climate simulations and studied the statistical relationships between those climate conditions and tropical cyclone formation. The likelihood that that Atlantic region could spawn more storms than it did in 2005, at least under current climate conditions, was only 3.2 percent — suggesting that year will hang on to the record for a while.
That also makes 2005 “a reasonable benchmark” when it comes to risk management, the researchers say. But, the study looks only at current climate conditions. How the Atlantic storm tally might change in the future isn’t clear, Lavender says. This study also doesn’t consider how destructive future Atlantic storms might be, but previous research suggests that climate change will lead to more intense storms in the future (SN: 6/27/15, p. 9).
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is predicting that 2018 won’t

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.257646
Retrieved Text: OVERVIEW: Active weather is slated to return to the region over the next week. Some storms are possible Thursday night into Friday but severe weather is unlikely. A more significant risk for severe weather lurks for Saturday afternoon/night. Yet another system may give rise to severe storms next Wednesday/Thursday. Stay weather aware during the coming week and be sure to have multiple ways of getting warning information.
WEDNESDAY NIGHT: Clear and quiet. Overnight lows in the upper 50s to around 60. Southeasterly winds between 3 and 7 mph.
THURSDAY: Partly cloudy, warm, and windy. Highs should top out in the low to mid 80s. Southerly winds between 15 and 25 mph will develop with some gusts topping 30 mph.
THURSDAY NIGHT: A narrow line of gusty showers and storms may push in from the west after midnight. At this point no severe weather is expected. Overnight lows may only fall back into the low to mid 60s.
FRIDAY: A cold stalls across the area and that means a continuing chance of showers and storms. There is the potential for a few isolated strong storms Friday into Friday night but it;s still a bit uncertain. Highs should remain in the mid to upper 70s.
SATURDAY: Some showers and storms are possible during the morning through early afternoon but any big severe weather episode is not currently expected during this part of the day. A bigger, more significant batch of storms is possible anytime from late in the afternoon through Saturday night. All modes of severe weather are possible with the second round

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.2107525
Retrieved Text: TAMPA, Fla. (AP) -- The 2008 Atlantic hurricane season could be slightly busier than average, with a good chance of six to nine hurricanes forming, federal forecasters said Thursday in a new way of making predictions.
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration officials also said 12 to 16 named storms and two to five major hurricanes could form.
They said there is only a 60 to 70 percent chance for their predictions to come true, the first time officials gave a probability. They took that step following years of criticism of their long range forecasts, which have usually been fairly accurate but in some cases have been way off.
For example, government forecasters expected 12 to 15 named storms in 2005, but there turned out to be 28, the busiest season on record.
Forecasters stress that residents should always be prepared no matter what the seasonal forecasts say, because even a slow season can be disastrous. The government&apos;s seasonal forecasts don&apos;t predict whether, where or when any of these storms may hit land.
Gerry Bell, the agency&apos;s lead forecaster for Atlantic hurricanes, said probabilities were included because people had come to rely too much on the forecasts. "Basically it was interpreted as a 100 percent chance," he said.
An average season has 11 named storms, including six hurricanes of which two reach major status with winds of more than 110 mph. This year should be about average or slightly more active, forecasters said.
"Living in a coastal state means having a plan for each and every hurricane season. Review or complete emergency plans now

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.166019
Retrieved Text: SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico -- This year's Atlantic hurricane season is shaping up to be one of the weakest in decades with only five named storms formed in the region so far this year.
That's the fewest named storms formed during a single full season in the Atlantic since 1983, when there were four.
Forecasters have projected another two named Atlantic storms for the rest of the season that ends on Nov. 30. But there are no signs of any new ones spinning off Africa's west coast during what is usually the season's peak period - mid-August to late October.
"We've been very fortunate so far," said Dennis Feltgen, a meteorologist with the Miami-based National Hurricane Center.
"It was expected to be a less than average season, and so far, that's panning out," Feltgen said, noting the peak period is about to end. "It takes a big slide in November."
A typical June-November hurricane season has 12 named storms, nine of them hurricanes and three of those major.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, which runs the U.S. Hurricane Center in Miami, in August revised its projection for this year's season, saying it expected only seven to 12 named storms. It originally had projected eight to 13 named storms, including three to six hurricanes.
Of the five named storms so far this year, four grew into hurricanes, one of them major. That one, Hurricane Edouard, barreled through open waters in mid-September, its 115-mph (185-kph) winds generating only strong waves that delighted surfers in the Caribbean and along the U.S. East Coast.
A weaker West

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.057045
Retrieved Text: Work is underway to rebuild the Interstate 15 lanes on Cajon Pass that were washed away in California’s heavy storms last week.
Crews are working to rebuild the Interstate 15 lanes on Cajon Pass that were washed away in California’s heavy storms last week.
Caltrans District 8 announced the project after Caltrans District 8 director John Bulinski signed an emergency order early Tuesday.
Completion of the repairs is expected within seven to 10 days. “We’re working 24 hours to bring the dirt back to grade and put back the concrete,” lead engineer Amgad Benjamin said.
The 400-foot-long section of California’s southbound I-15, south of Highway 138, unexpectedly failed Feb. 17 during ongoing storms.
The collapse sent a fire engine over the side of the highway, but no one was hurt.
Four narrower lanes are now available. Caltrans asks drivers to reduce speeds and avoid making lane changes in the work zone.
The California Department of Transportation had estimated emergency repairs to the freeway would cost $3 million.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.9973
Retrieved Text: The last two years were quite stressful for large portions of the United States living in areas prone to natural disasters and severe weather. In 2018, the US incurred a record high of $33.79 billion in damages due to 15 storms, eight hurricanes and two major tornadoes.
As the United States is still under the threat of catastrophic hurricanes and storms, it is slowly becoming essential that various institutions take advantage of severe weather alert systems. 2019 is likely to follow in the footsteps of 2018, bringing about a slew of storms and hurricanes of varying strengths.
2019 will most likely be a rehash of 2018 with severe thunderstorms. Experts Phil Klotzbach and Michael Bell at Colorado State University have already given an early prediction on what people in the United States should expect in terms of storm and hurricanes.
Although the report is anticipating fewer storms than previous years, the report showed that there are five possible scenarios involving strong winds and hurricanes in 2019 that will affect the US.
The United States is most likely to experience about eight to eleven named storms, one to two significant hurricanes and three to five smaller hurricanes. The experts at Colorado State University anticipated that this scenario has a probability of 30%.
Miami is a city that is always at a high risk of severe storms. Miami is 16% more likely to experience a hurricane in any given year than any other coastal city in the country. Moreover, Miami’s geography makes the town very susceptible to storms, as it is only 42

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.893128
Retrieved Text: The Atlantic should produce a near-normal 12 storms during the hurricane season that officially began Wednesday, while the U.S. coastline has a below-average chance of being struck by a major system, according to Colorado State University’s forecast.
Of the 12 storms, five could become hurricanes and two could grow into major systems of Category 3 or stronger, said Phil Klotzbach, lead author of the closely watched seasonal outlook. The United States has a 50 percent chance of being struck by a major hurricane, just below the 20th century average of 52 percent.
In an average year, 12 systems of tropical storm strength or greater form from June 1 through Nov. 30. Already this year, Hurricane Alex formed in January and Tropical Storm Bonnie struck the coast of South Carolina last week.
Klotzbach said his prediction doesn’t include those two, so 2016 could end up with 14 in total. A weakening El Niño in the Pacific Ocean could make conditions in the Atlantic more conducive for tropical storms and hurricanes.
Atlantic hurricanes can exact a high toll in human life and damage and roil energy and agriculture markets.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.889735
Retrieved Text: In Arizona, roofing repair services help owners control property damage. Contractors perform services that help determine if repairs are feasible or if replacements are needed. However, property owners who take too much time to schedule services face more significant financial losses. Scheduling Roof Repair Tucson sooner protects the owner against these losses.
Displaced roofing shingles are the first sign that the roofing is damaged. Asphalt roofing shingles become displaced in high wind conditions and severe storms. The circumstances indicate that sub-roofing damage is also possible, and the property owner needs to schedule an inspection fast.
The arid climate in the state may lead to excessive drying and cracking of some roofing materials. The cracks produce compromised sections in the roofing materials that lead to leaks and further damage. Roofing contractors may recommend a sealant or coating to prevent serious damage due to cracking of the material.
Environmental developments cause profound damage to roofing materials as they spread. The most common developments are mold, mildew, and moss which also travel underneath the roofing materials. Contractors use chemicals to kill off the environmental substances and mitigate related risks. Property owners lower the odds of the growth by scheduling regular pressure washing for their chosen roofing materials. Select contractors offer regular services that treat the material more proactively for the substances.
Severe storms and natural disasters are more likely to produce serious roofing damage. Property owners should schedule an inspection at any time they suspect any damage. The events lead to water leaks inside the walls and ceiling. Under the conditions, mold develops

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.868171
Retrieved Text: From left is Megan Jones and Acacia Brijalba.
A near- to below-normal Atlantic hurricane season is now expected as the calming effects of El Niño, a periodic warming of central and eastern tropical Pacific waters, continues to develop. But scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association (NOAA) say the season's quiet start does not guarantee quiet times ahead.
The season, which began June 1 and was expected by NOAA to be average, is entering its historical peak period of August through October, when most storms form. Thus far, no tropical storms have formed this summer.
"While this hurricane season has gotten off to quiet start, it's critical that the American people are prepared in case a hurricane strikes," said Commerce Secretary Gary Locke.
NOAA's Climate Prediction Center, a division of the National Weather Service, now predicts a 50 percent probability of a near-normal season, a 40 percent probability of a below-normal season, and a 10 percent probability of an above-normal season. Forecasters say there is a 70 percent chance of seven to 11 named storms, of which three to six could become hurricanes, including one to two major hurricanes (category 3, 4 or 5). The main change from NOAA's initial outlook in May is an increased probability of a below-normal season, and an expectation of fewer named storms and hurricanes.
The May outlook called for nine to 14 named storms, of which four to seven could become hurricanes, including one to three major hurricanes. During an average season, there are 11 named storms with winds of at least 39 mph,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.73695
Retrieved Text: Command four wholly different races: the Empire, the Dwarfs, the Vampire Counts and the Greenskins, each with their own unique characters, battlefield units and play style. Lead your forces to war as one of eight Legendary Lords from the Warhammer Fantasy Battles World, arming them with fabled weapons, armour and deadly battle magic; hard-won in individual quest chains.
For the first time in a Total War game, harness storms of magical power to aid you in battle and take to the skies with flying creatures, from ferocious dragons and wyverns to gigantic griffons. Hundreds of hours of gameplay await you at the dawn of a new era. Total War: WARHAMMER brings to life a world of legendary heroes, towering monsters, flying creatures, storms of magical power and regiments of nightmarish warriors.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.723551
Retrieved Text: On Earth, destructive storms create new opportunities for life. In our quest to discover if we are alone in the universe, we shouldn't look for worlds, we should look for weather. Finding chaotic weather may lead us to alien life.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.700503
Retrieved Text: National Geographic tornado research operations day 8. Tracked upslope storms in marginal moisture/flow environment toward Cheyenne Wells with a brief tornado warning, but noting nothing more than pretty updrafts and precip cores.
"Moisture trajectories have failed to follow the optimistic path the models painted yesterday, meaning that values today will be confined to the upper 40s and lower 50s for most of Colorado, perhaps with higher values in the SE part of the state. This will likely retard CAPE into the 1000-2000 J/kg range, with weaker ML parcel. Sources of initiation appear to be somewhat abundant, with both the high terrain associated with upslope flow and initiation on the southward moving cold frontal boundary. This will lead to widespread thunderstorms along the front range, off the Raton mesa, and Black Mesa, and over the Palmer divide where both the front stretching along I70 and the upslope regime will produce a favorable environment for thunderstorm development. If wide coverage of storms develop, there is a likelihood of upscale growth, particularly in the southern CO/east NM/ OK Panhandle.
Moisture is depicted by HRRR and NAM4km to be confined more southward by the surging front, with convection driving this southward with a dry punch as well. This would point to more high based storms, with outflow gusts likely to be the dominant severe factor, and perhaps some hail. Particularly in early storm development along the east west boundary on the high terrain, there is landspout potential based on steep low-level lapse rates, but this is may be tempered by the relatively

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.645914
Retrieved Text: Took a few days to chase with Rich Hamel, who flew in from Boston. After a bust in North Dakota the day before, we moved south to Iowa to chase storms along a stalled, outflow enhanced boundary that had dropped to just north of I-80. There were not a lot of expectations on this day due to weak low and deep layer shear, but there was enough instability of 4,000 j/kg of MLCAPE to lead to severe thunderstorms producing damaging winds and large hail. We caught the first severe storm just south of Ames, Iowa and then moved back west towards Guthrie Center as new storms developed. Overall, the chase ended up near expectations considering the environment storms were going up in.
A old one room schoolhouse that was still in good shape near Slater, Iowa. New flanking towers of our initial storm are going up behind the schoolhouse to the west. We ended up chasing back west to these new storms.
2nd severe storm of the day near Panora, Iowa. Core moving right to left in this image and new hail core opening up in the distance.
Closer view of the new hail core opening up near Panora, Iowa.
View of the updraft and vault region of our storm, about to move overhead.
Dark, high-based storm approaching us from the north with heavy rain and hail curtain.
Rich Hamel in his element!
Severe thunderstorm about to overtake us. Dark, rolling shelf cloud on the leading edge of the storm.
Mesoscale Discussion issued at 2:22 PM CDT, highlighting the area that will most likely

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.58222
Retrieved Text: The automated system does in 15 minutes what once took four hours, and it’s available to local governments for storm response.
Government software helps emergency responders predict where power outages are most likely to occur during large storms. The fully automated system, called VERDE (Visualizing Energy Resources Dynamically on Earth) by developers at Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL), uses wind speed and location estimates to geospatially map the impact to the electric grid, allowing planners who would otherwise have to perform tedious manual processing to focus on other tasks.
VERDE can finish power outage analysis within 15 minutes of receiving weather advisory, and offers a viewing plaform for operational support missions, making useful to military and federal agency operations, as well as for state and local government agencies. It can be used by local agencies to predict flooding locations and even simulate power outage restoration simulations.
As hurricanes approach, forecasts about their paths and wind speeds are often fairly accurate up to two to three days before landfall. Analysts combine this data with knowledge concerning how vulnerable power lines are. For example, most transmission lines are designed to have a 50 percent chance of survival in sustained 65 mile per hour winds.
Emergency responders can then prepare where to focus their efforts,” said Steven Fernandez, lead of ORNL’s Critical Infrastructure and Climate Impacts Team.
Storms tend to change by the hour, so researchers want predictions that are as up to date as possible. The problem is that it can take analysts four hours to prepare each estimate based on a weather

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.522356
Retrieved Text: Each photograph depicts, in its own way, the coming together of these two sayings. The images lead us to contemplate how we, the beholders, can look at our world, with its storms large and small, and find beauty in moments of calm.
These images come from three places: Nebraska, Colorado and Oregon. Two of these states traditionally hold a reputation of offering stunning scenery and inspiring vistas. They do not disappoint, no matter where one looks. One is more of a secret, hiding itself in plain view, at least to travelers who drive through or fly over its broad terrain. But it, too, rewards anyone attentive to its scenery, its wide skies and its small wonders.
As an individual who moved to Nebraska from the East, I have come to appreciate the beauty of this state, especially in its often hidden and overlooked details. Cultivating this sense attuned to beholding Nebraska’s subtle beauty has helped me turn this eye to other states.
This is what drives my photography. This is what helps me to see what I could so readily, so easily overlook. This is what brings me a sense of calm amid the storms of life.
Thank you for taking your time to appreciate these photographs. I hope they bring beauty to your eyes and calm to the storms of your life.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.482445
Retrieved Text: Watching the colors shift on the weather radar can feel as inevitable as watching a splintered tree limb crash towards your car. But just because a storm is coming doesn’t mean there’s nothing you can do. Protect your yard, your property, and your home by preparing trees for storms to minimize damage.
Storms can cause all kinds of damage, splintering, toppling, or structurally damaging the trees on your property. This can lead to thousands of dollars worth of property damage if a tree falls into the yard, house, or nearby power lines. But by paying close attention to the health of your trees, you can minimize the detritus of summer’s next storm. Walk around your property regularly, looking for potential tree hazards that a storm could turn into some serious damage.
Many of these hazards are signs of heart rot in trees, while others may be remnants of past storm damage or signs that the tree is buckling under its own weight. Ignoring tree damage—even damage that seems minimal to the naked eye—can cause trouble down the road. Take proper preventative measures to protect your property from tree damage.
Mr. Tree offers 24-hour emergency tree removal services in Gainesville. Don’t relinquish the safety of your property to the whims of upcoming storms. Be proactive and minimize property damage.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.471939
Retrieved Text: At 209 PM EDT, Doppler radar was tracking strong thunderstorms along a line extending from Weeki Wachee to 15 miles west of St. Pete Beach. Movement was east at 30 mph.
Wind gusts up to 50 mph will be possible with these storms.Locations impacted include...Tampa, Spring Hill, Clearwater, Largo, Pinellas Park, Seminole, NewPort Richey, Brooksville, Bushnell, Downtown Saint Petersburg,Hudson, Fort Desoto Park, Holiday, Saint Petersburg, Lutz, St.Petersburg, St. Pete Beach, Anna Maria, Weeki Wachee and Palm Harbor.
PRECAUTIONARY/PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS...Torrential rainfall is also occurring with these storms, and may lead to localized flooding. Do not drive your vehicle through flooded roadways.These storms may intensify, so be certain to monitor local radio stations and available television stations for additional information and possible warnings from the National Weather Service.
A tornado watch remains in effect until 600 PM EDT for central and west central Florida.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.454604
Retrieved Text: Geoelectric hazard map showing the amplitude of geoelectric fields expected to occur once per century on average. Red, black and gray are areas of high hazard; white, yellow and green are areas of low hazard. Credit: Love et al., Geophysical Research Letters, September 2016.
During solar storms, electrons and protons collide with Earth’s atmosphere, disrupting the geomagnetic field and sometimes creating the flashing waves of colorful light in the night sky we know as auroras. But these same storms — if strong enough — have the potential to severely damage power grids.
In a new multiagency study led by the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), scientists created the first map of geoelectric hazards; the map covers about half of the continental United States and was initiated by the White House’s National Science and Technology Council in 2015.
“During a magnetic storm, you can get this beautiful manifestation of nature, but magnetic storms can also be hazards,” says Jeffrey Love, a geologist with USGS in Denver, Colo., and lead author of a study in Geophysical Research Letters presenting the maps.
Love’s team mapped geoelectric fields that are likely to occur during intense magnetic storms about once per century. “They’re rare,” Love says, “but have happened in the past.” The researchers used a combination of historical monitoring data from magnetic observatories and magnetotelluric survey data, which measures the relationship between electrical and magnetic energy in Earth’s subsurface.
The electric field strength was not uniform over the area studied, which included parts of the Northwest, Midwest and Southeast, and varied by region and with the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.438347
Retrieved Text: Amber can be found around the Baltic, where vast forests of conifers once grew; it still washes up on beaches there after storms.
We extracted this very characteristic shade to bring you a fine vase with imperial décor. This vase is lead-free and will be coming in other colours soon.

================



======= Instance Index 310 =========
Input Text: A moth

Which is the correct answer?
- builds a cocoon as part of its death ritual
- needs a chrysalis as part if its life cycle
- undergoes complete metamorphosis in one day
- is born with wings

Target Text: needs a chrysalis as part if its life cycle

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.03241
Retrieved Text: moth larvae on wall atlas moth caterpillar atlas crawling on the wood with concrete wall background moth larvae crawling up walls.
moth larvae on wall moth larvae on wall larva of the wasp moth ii moth fly larvae on wall moth fly larvae on wall.
moth larvae on wall moth larva grub larva moth fly larvae on wall.
moth larvae on wall small larvae on wall carpet moth larvae on walls.
moth larvae on wall butterfly larva climb on a timber wall stock photo moth larvae walls.
moth larvae on wall moth larvae on wall pantry moths earth pantry moths in bedroom how to get rid of moth larvae on wall moth larvae walls.
moth larvae on wall how carpet moth larvae on walls.
moth larvae on wall emperor moth caterpillar colour print carpet moth larvae on walls.
moth larvae on wall moth eggs on wall life stages the matures through four life stages egg larva caterpillar pupae moth eggs on wall moth larvae crawling up walls.
moth larvae on wall butterfly larva climb on a timber wall stock photo carpet moth larvae on walls.
moth larvae on wall moth larvae on wall gypsy moth caterpillar moving on a brick wall moth larvae crawling up moth larvae on wall clothes moth larvae on wall.
moth larvae on wall tiger moth caterpillar on wall photography tags hairy orange white black carpet moth larvae on walls.
moth larvae on wall checking for a carpet moth infestation moth fly larvae on wall.
moth larvae on wall wax moth larvae on infected bee nest beekeeper opens the lid of the hive of clothes

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.807613
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Moth Removal Sowerby Bridge. We can help with any Moth Removal problem. Moth Removal Sowerby Bridge offers a reliable and efficient Moth Removal & prevention service in Sowerby Bridge and surrounding areas. We aim to provide a pest free environment for your commercial business or domestic premises.
For a quotation, free survey or advice please contact Moth Control Sowerby Bridge on 07540722770. Or complete our online form for a Instant Response to your enquiry.
Moth Control, Moth Control Quote, Moth Control Price, Moth Control Costs, Moth Fumigation, Cheap Moth Removal, Guaranteed Moth Control, Moth Exterminator, Council Moth Control Costs we also cater For Domestic and Commercial properties throughout Sowerby Bridge.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.806982
Retrieved Text: Plasma ghost image fixative styler aerosoles shoes prideful boots hummingbird hawkmoljca hummingbird hawk moth that it look up the birdsong in its hovering behaviour accompanied by an excusite creature the basis of this year there was habe ich gesehen. The peloponnese near eagle pass maverick county before remains of a hummingbird hawkmoth hummingbird hawkmoth maniola jurtina esemplare femminile groes verbreitungsgebiet hat zu einigen wunderbaren anpassungen gefhrt der ein sehr groes ochsenauge meadow brown. Hummingbird hawk moth near me, hummingbird hawkmoth hummingbird hawkmoljac hummingbird hawkmoljca hummingbird hawkmoth hummingbird hawkmoth hummingbird hawkmoth macroglossum stellatarum nachtfalter schmetterling baby pflege caucasian wange. Sommerflieder kommentare aufrufe kommentare.
Moth found in sdtirol. Ponta delgada. Hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird hawk moth photo, hummingbird

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.668951
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Moth Removal South Kirkby. We can help with any Moth Removal problem. Moth Removal South Kirkby offers a reliable and efficient Moth Removal & prevention service in South Kirkby and surrounding areas. We aim to provide a pest free environment for your commercial business or domestic premises.
For a quotation, free survey or advice please contact Moth Control South Kirkby on 07540722770. Or complete our online form for a Instant Response to your enquiry.
Moth Control, Moth Control Quote, Moth Control Price, Moth Control Costs, Moth Fumigation, Cheap Moth Removal, Guaranteed Moth Control, Moth Exterminator, Council Moth Control Costs we also cater For Domestic and Commercial properties throughout South Kirkby.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.645012
Retrieved Text: Achroia grisella (Lesser wax moth) .
Actias maenas (Malaysian moon moth) .
Aenetus virescens (Puriri moth) .
Agrius convolvuli (Convolvulus Hawk-moth) .
Agrotis ipsilon (Greasy Cutworm) .
Amblyptilia falcatalis (Brown plume moth) .
Anachloris subochraria (Golden Grass Carpet moth) .
Artona martini (Bamboo moth) .
Austramathes purpurea (Small-Eyed Owlet moth) .
Austrocidaria similata (Dark coprosma carpet moth) .
Atomotricha sordida (Sickle moth) .
Caloptilia azaleella (Azalea leafminer moth) .
Cebysa leucotelus (Australian Bagmoth) .
Chalastra pellurgata (Hard fern moth) .
Chrysodeixis eriosoma (Green garden looper moth) .
Cleora scriptaria (Kawakawa moth) .
Coleophora deauratella (Red clover casebearer moth) .
Coscinoptycha improbana (Guava moth) .
Cosmodes elegans (Green blotched moth) .
Cnephasia jactatana (Black-lyre leafroller moth) .
Crambidae family (Grass moths) .
Ctenoplusia albostriata (Eastern streaked plusia moth) .
Ctenoplusia limbirena (Scar bank gem moth) .
Cydia succedana (Gorse pod moth) .
Dasypodia cymatodes (Northern Wattle moth) .
Declana atronivea (North Island Lichen moth) .
Declana feredayi (Forest semilooper moth) .
Declana floccosa (Forest semilooper moth) .
Declana leptomera (Spotted manuka moth) .
Declana niveata (Forest semilooper moth) .
Diasemia grammalis (Arrowhead moth) .
Endrosis sarcitrella (White-shouldered House moth) .
Epalxiphora axenana (Brindled bell moth) . .
Epiphyas postvittana (Light brown apple moth) .
Epiphryne verriculata (Cabbage tree moth) .
Epyaxa rosearia (New Zealand Looper) .
Erechthias capnitis (Fungus moth) Family Tineidae .
Eudonia sabulosella (Sod webworm moth) .
Feredayia graminosa (Mahoe stripper moth) .
Gelechioidea (Superfamily) Curved horn moths .
Gellonia dejectaria (Brown evening moth) .
Gellonia pannularia (Lesser brown evening moth) .
Glyphodes onychinalis (Swan plant moth) .
Graphania mutans (Grey-brown Cutworm Moth) .
Graphania plena (Green Carpet Owlet) .
Herpetogramma licarsisalis (Grass webworm moth) .
Ischalis nelsonaria (Angled Fern Looper) .
Ischalis variabilis (Oblique-waved fern looper moth) .
Izatha peroneanella (Lichen, Green) .
Leucinodes cordalis (Poroporo fruit borer moth) .
Nymphostola galactina (Tarata flat

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.630955
Retrieved Text: Once you have confirmed that you are dealing with a food moth infestation (Identify types of moths), continue with the clean up and then deploy pheromone moth traps to get rid of adult moth pantry bugs.
Home defense begins by discarding any moth infested foods that show signs of clumping, or threads.
Clean moth larvae webbing from under the edges of cans, in shelf support holes, and around all trim.
Moth traps are the safer way to get rid of adult moths without poisons, pesticides or sprays that could harm your food, family or pets. Natural Pheromone Moth Traps are safe, easy to use, long lasting and effective.
The key to trapping moths with a pheromone moth trap is that the pheromone lure (red square in pictures below) makes male moths think a female moth is nearby. The male moth follows the scent of the moth pheromone lure, and gets caught in the moth trap's sticky glue board. One less male moth to mate with, and 100 fewer moth eggs to turn to moth larvae worms and eventually fewer adult moths. Effective Pantry pest moth control that leverages the moths own instincts to resolve a moth infestation!
What about a Moth Killer Spray?
Our initial reaction to pantry moths is to go the hardware store and buy a moth killer spray. Stop and think about the risk of a pesticide being sprayed on the shelves where you keep food... Ultimately, a pantry moth spray is a risk we just don't recommend. Cleaning the pantry with soap and water is no more dangerous

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.466846
Retrieved Text: Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!!
Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! released! You are now reading Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! online. If you are bored from Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! manga, you can try surprise me link at top of page or select another manga like Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! from our huge manga list. Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!!
Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 1, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 2, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 3, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 4, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 5, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 6, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 7, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 8, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 9, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 10, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 11, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 12, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 13, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 14, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 15, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 16, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!! Page 18, Naruto – Chapter 672 : The night moth…!!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.460148
Retrieved Text: PLEASE NOTE: Moth Shield is not a permanent moth proofer, nothing is. Moth Shield is not an insecticide but is a mixture of imported organic oils and is therefore designed to both destroy and deter moth. With the extremely heavy moth infestation we've experienced in this country over the last few years, it is becoming apparent that an anti-moth environment is required 24/7.
Moths quickly find their way into our homes, infesting our wardrobes, furniture and carpets to eat away at the fibres. Sometimes, it takes the discovery of holes in materials before it is realised that a moth infestation has begun.
If you have had enough of moths making a meal out of your rugs and garments, then we have some good news for you – introducing our great range of moth repellent and moth removal solutions. Our comprehensive selection of moth repellent sprays, vapourisers and traps will help deter and kill moths, eggs and larvae, keeping your rugs & clothes clean and free of damage.
PLEASE NOTE: Moth Shield is not a permanent moth removal solution, nothing is. Moth Shield is not an insecticide but is a mixture of organic oils and is therefore designed to both kill and deter moths. With the extremely heavy moth infestation we've experienced in this country over the last few years, it is becoming apparent that an anti-moth environment is required 24/7.
Our moth repellent is available as a spray, vapouriser or trap. These moth removal solutions will kill and repel moths, ensuring that you are able to maintain clean rugs and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.248182
Retrieved Text: This article on animal symbolism and moth meaning comes in response to a request.
A friend of mine has been getting consistent visitations from the moth, and she asked me what I thought.
This page is a result of a few meditations with the moth, and symbolic observations.
Moths have similar animal symbolism as butterflies, but have a few distinguishing characteristics that set it far apart from its winged relative.
Namely, the moth is a nocturnal creature, whereas the butterfly is diurnal.
It is still unproven as to why the moth is driven to light – but the best hypothesis is that the moth navigates by lunar light. In the absence of moonlight, the moth moves to the next best thing: man-made light.
At the risk of loosing its life, the moth is ever-vigilant in following its path of light. This may also serve as a moral to us to keep our own vigilance, but not fall victim of blind faith.
We are all guided by some kind of passion. The moth is a reminder to let passion gently lead us, not consume us.
Those with the moth totem will find this creature a magnificent assistant in developing higher awareness, and psychic enhancement.
However, with higher perception we sometimes overstep into the realm of confusion. It is important to seat ourselves in grounding foundations when we step in-tune with the lunar aspects of the moth. In other words, fly high with the moth – but always have a clear runway for happy, safe landings.
The female moth is subtle in her scent, wafting out like a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.220312
Retrieved Text: do mothballs repel skunks lingering around your house try this natural skunk repellent moth balls ward off.
do mothballs repel skunks mice repellent skunk natural rat squirrel deer moth balls ward off.
do mothballs repel skunks possum repellent keep away spray.
do mothballs repel skunks how moth balls.
do mothballs repel skunks does moth balls.
do mothballs repel skunks can you really use to rodents and mice how with sound.
do mothballs repel skunks and ammonia help moth balls ward off.
do mothballs repel skunks how to keep squirrels and other pests out of your garden moth balls.
do mothballs repel skunks feature how to deter with these 7 reliable steps does moth balls.
do mothballs repel skunks natural skunk deterrent repellent for yard spray moth balls does.
do mothballs repel skunks in the yard how to you from your moth balls ward off.
do mothballs repel skunks how.
do mothballs repel skunks picture of uninvited house guest moth balls ward off.
do mothballs repel skunks how to get rid of does moth balls.
do mothballs repel skunks how to keep away pest animals can be a nuisance at the best of time but because notorious scent that squirt potential threats does moth balls repe.
do mothballs repel skunks moth balls.
do mothballs repel skunks image titled get rid of step 7 moth balls ward off.
do mothballs repel skunks all natural skunk repellent.
do mothballs repel skunks as a result several kinds of formulated skunk well instructions are available in stores for interested buyers moth balls ward off.
do mothballs repel skunks spray bottle.
do mothballs repel skunks skunk fence repellent installed by animal control

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.169117
Retrieved Text: 25 Jul Excerpt from Warriors: A Vision of Shadows #1: The Apprentice's Quest . The sight of death sliced through Moth Flight like an icy wind, and. Page 2 of 5. Warriors Super Edition: Moth Flight's Vision. Erin Hunter. Warriors Super Edition: Moth Flight's Vision Erin Hunter. Warriors Super Edition: Moth. 30 Dec If you wish to read book Moth Flight's Vision (Warriors Super Edition #8) by There are also other available format to download: PDF Kindle.
6 days ago [PDF] [EPUB] Moth Flight's Vision (Warriors Super Edition, #8) Download by Erin Hunter. Download Moth Flight's Vision (Warriors Super Edition. 12 Nov - Uploaded by Mary M. Rice ['PDF'] Warriors Super Edition: Moth Flight's Vision. Mary M. Rice. Loading Unsubscribe. Read online or Download Moth Flight's Vision (Warriors Super Edition Series #8) (Full PDF ebo.
An epic stand-alone adventure in Erin Hunter's #1 nationally bestselling Warriors series!Set just after the events of the Dawn of the Clans prequel arc, th. 18 Feb - 7 sec Watch PDF Warriors Super Edition: Moth Flight's Vision Free Books by Houda on. Moth Flight's Vision is the eighth book in the Super Editions. Moth Flight is featured on the cover. Trivia This book was initially called Mothflight's Vision by Kate. To save Moth Flight's Vision (Warriors: Super Edition). Moth Flight's Vision ( Warriors: Super Edition) PDF, please click the link under and save the ebook or get. Warriors Super Edition: Moth Flight's Vision [Erin Hunter, James Barry, Owen Richardson] on chamberspackagingconnection.com *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. An epic.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.11726
Retrieved Text: People can overlook moths, taking them for an erratic cluster of fuzzy, creepy little wings around the porch light, but those scaly wings that distinguish them and give them their name (i.e. Order Lepidoptera which means “scaled wing”) come in almost innumerable intricate patterns and often in more color than a passing glance would reveal. They are not as beloved or celebrated as their typically diurnal comrades (i.e. the butterflies and skippers, the other members of Lepidoptera), but they have a varyingly subtle beauty that is all their own.
A moth hanging around on a wooden board.
Small black and orange moth.
The golden browns and muted blues of the hickory tussock’s scales give it a subtly beautiful appearance.
Tortricid moths are typically small, humble creatures that would rather hide than play with you and your camera, okay, thanks!
This snout moth has an interesting pattern on its wings; it speaks to sort of baroque drapes. Or something.
Honk for moths! This Lep lives up to its common name of snout moth (say that ten times fast) .
This beautiful creature may be a Unicorn Caterpillar Moth, Schizura unicornis.
A little bit of brown becomes something beautiful up close.
A male tiger moth’s antennae: the pectinate or comb-like structure allows the moth to catch pheromones and find its way to a female. NOTE: the debris on the glass wall has been edited out with GIMP.
This moth would probably do better hiding on a mossy or lichen-covered tree with that intricate green and dark pattern.
A. schlaegeri bird poop mimic moth from the side.
Empty House: the remains

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.06771
Retrieved Text: Nessus Sphinx Moth (Amphion floridensis), photographed in the city of Cambridge. Copyright (c) Mark Rosenstein.
Sphinx moths like this one are daytime pollinators. It’s National Moth Week.
Gather your neighbors for a Cambridge “mothing” event.
Grape Plume Moth, Geina periscelidactylus, photographed at Alewife Reservation, Cambridge. Photo (c) Mike Mulqueen. Used by permission.
Moths come in a variety of shapes, as this plume moth demonstrates. It’s National Moth Week. Find your own moth! Here’s a guide to attracting and identifying moths…and having a “mothing” event.
Our National Moth Week species of the day is shown here in its caterpillar form. Meet the Goldenrod Hooded Owlet (Cucullia asteroides)!
The closest public event during National Moth Week to our city is at the South Shore Nature Center, this afternoon (Wed. July 27th). But check out this guide to finding moths.
All of our moth images this week are photographs shot in Cambridge. The image here was photographed at Fresh Pond Reservation by Tom Murray, author of Insects of New England and New York.
When you’re out looking for moths this week, include caterpillars. You can post a photo of it on iNaturalist.org or bugguide.net and ask for identification help.
Pale Beauty, Campaea perlata, photographed in Cambridge, Mass.
Photo (c) Richard Lee Gardner.
It’s National Moth Week. Have you looked for a moth yet this week?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.03369
Retrieved Text: The Cutest Moth Ever - Bug Busters USA, Inc.
The Venezuelan Poodle Moth was discovered in 2009 and has been extensively photographed since then, but surprisingly not many people seemed to acknowledge the strangeness of this bug’s features until recently. Even if you have a fear of creepy-crawlies it cannot be denied that this bug is cute.
The Poodle Moth was discovered by Dr. Arthur Anker of Kyrgyzstan while visiting a Venezuelan Park. The moth has been described as having a fuzzy white coat, Bulging Black Eyes and a strange looking antennae. The bug looks a bit like a snowflake. The Moth is so unique looking that researchers are having a hard time finding other similar looking bugs that are closely related.
The Venezuelan Poodle moth is similar to the Muslin Moth in that both have fuzzy coats. However the Muslin Moth is still too dissimilar to the Muslin Moth to be considered a relative of the same species.
Could it be that the Venezuelan Poodle Moth is an entirely new species of bug? This is quite likely given how often entirely new species of bugs are found in the South American rain forest. What do you think?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.979475
Retrieved Text: What is a brown tail moth rash?
It is an allergic reaction that occurs after coming into contact with a poisonous hair shed by browntail moth caterpillars.
It is a microscopic hair common in browntail infested areas such as gardens, trees, lawns, and picnic areas.
picture 1: A mild form of rashes caused by brown tail moth.
picture 2: Itchy rashes caused by exposure to brown tail moth.
picture 3: Red and itchy rashes in a patient exposed to brown tail moth.
picture 4: Severe brown tail moth rashes in the patient's nape area.
picture 5: The skin is full of red and itchy rashes.
picture 6: Exposure to brown tail moth can lead to rashes and itching.
It is an allergic reaction that occurs after coming into contact with a poisonous hair shed by browntail moth caterpillars. It is a microscopic hair common in browntail infested areas such as gardens, trees, lawns, and picnic areas.
What should you do if you have a brown tail moth rash? Frankly speaking, there is nothing you can do to make the rash go away. Even so, do not panic. The good news is there are a lot of things you can do to relieve the symptoms and eliminate the exposure to a brown tail moth. There are over the counter products in the forms of browntail moth cream and brown tail moth spray.
Severe reactions require prescription medications, especially if you have trouble breathing. Prescription medications are more effective than over the counter medications. The medications aim to reduce the patient's discomfort from the rash. If the rashes are

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.939347
Retrieved Text: Butterfly Discussion Forums > Lepidoptera Forums > Moth Photography > Slug Moth?
View Full Version : Slug Moth?
One of my friends told me that this is a slug moth (Family: Limacodidae). This is correct and able to ID to its species? Thanks!
yes, this is a limacodid moth.
Wow. Ok, thanks for the clarification Roger.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.888479
Retrieved Text: use Malathion 57% is an emulsifiable concentrate containing 5 lbs. of Malathion per gallon. May be applied on vegetables, fruits, nuts, ornamentals, trees.
features Loopers, budworms, bagworms, armyworms, tent caterpillars, azalea caterpillar, bagworm, blackheaded budworm, california oakworm, diamondback moth, douglas fir tussock moth, ello moth, elm spanworm, fall webworm, fruittree leafroller, greenstriped maple worm, gypsy moth, hemlock looper, jack pine budworm, lo moth, looper, mimosa webworm, oleander moth, omnivorous leafroller, omnivorous looper, pine butterfly, redhumped caterpillar, saddle prominent caterpillar, saddleback caterpillar, saltmarsh caterpillar, sod webworm, spring and fall cankerworm, spruce budroom, tent caterpillar, tobacco budworm, and western tussock moth. See label for complete list.
For use in Can be used on vegetables, fruits, nuts, trees, ornamentals.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.877778
Retrieved Text: It may be that you have an infestation of carpet or clothes moths.
We offer professional treatments for both carpet moths and clothes moths.
Moth presence within the home can be frustrating. They can cause damage to clothes and fabrics such as carpets, curtains and upholstery, which can become very costly.
It’s often an unknown fact that it’s actually the moth larvae that do the damage to your clothing and carpets, not actually the moths themselves. So if you’re seeing moths around the house frequently, the chances are there may well be be a moth infestation established already.
The carpet moths will lay there eggs in carpet fibers that are in dark or poorly lit areas of a room. So under furniture or along skirting boards away from natural light.
Clothes moths lay there eggs on clothes or within cupboards and drawers, common places to find damage by the larvae are along the arms and under the armpits.
We have two main approaches to moth treatments. We carry out light residual insecticidal treatments to carpets, curtains and other natural material furnishings. We also place pheromone traps within treatment areas, this helps to break down the moths mating cycle, which reduces the moth population.
We can also use organic based insecticides in more sensitive areas.
To help in controlling moth populations yourself, it is important to carry out regular cleaning regimes by hoovering drawers, cupboards and carpets will help to reduce moth infestations by removing the eggs, which helps to break the moth cycles down. If we carry out a moth treatment in your home

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.870569
Retrieved Text: Happiness is hunting moths with Willow!
Today was the official start of moth hunting season and Willow was rearing to go. I had spotted a moth on the front porch earlier that evening so we started there.
The routine goes as follows: the first one to spot the moth calls out to alert the other so both are focused on the same prey. Usually the moth is high off the ground so my job is to give it a gentle tap to get it flying lower. Willow tracks it and when it gets too low, she pins it with her paw and carefully brings it to her mouth. Then comes the quick snarf followed by a look of delight. We're then ready for the next one.
This night the first moth was a wussy moth (technical speak for a small, easy to capture moth). I assisted in the hunt several times by knocking the moth lower. Willow made a few attempts but then Nahum stole her joy and made the kill. Willow was devastated.
Before she could linger too long in self-pity the second moth appeared - this one was a prized giant moth, practically a small bird! Willow's eyes became big saucers as she tracked the moth's every move. The tension on the porch rose with the sound of her hunting cackle, the moth's fear evident. Willow boldly pushed the other cats aside to get first crack at the prey. This moth's preservation instinct was strong as it remained near the ceiling fluttering with wild abandon as it tried

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.828724
Retrieved Text: The day my friend Katelyn was making her way to my house, I had a little meeting with this beautiful moth. When I first saw it, it was buzzing around so quickly, and I was on the phone with James, I couldn't tell if it was a moth or an exotic hummingbird of some kind. So I thought it was very fitting when I looked him up to find it is a hummingbird moth, ha! It was the prettiest thing. And it just flitted around like I was not there. I was so happy it let me get close enough to photograph it in action. A magnificent creature. And so fitting it came to me that day, because my friend Katelyn's animal spirit is a moth, hence her company, Gypsy Moth Sol.
And then I noticed my friend Lauren posted about Moth the same day. Check it out here. A little moth serendipity working its magic.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.826519
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Moth Removal Cumbernauld for all your Moth problems at affordable prices with our fully trained and qualified Pest Controllers in Cumbernauld.
Moth Removal Cumbernauld can help with all Moth problems throughout Cumbernauld and surrounding areas.
Moth Removal Cumbernauld offers you affordable prices and all our Pest Controllers are fully trained and qualified and will talk you through each step of the way, they will also give you advise where needed to deter Moths from returning to your property in the future.
Call Today for a Quote on your Moth Removal throughout Cumbernauld.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.798607
Retrieved Text: mariposa : Binisaya - Cebuano to English Dictionary and Thesaurus.
n. (animal) 1. atlas moth, atticus atlas giant saturniid moth widespread in Asia; sometimes cultured for silk.
~ giant silkworm moth, silkworm moth any silkworm moth of the family Saturniidae.
~ atticus, genus atticus atlas moth.
n. (plant) 1. butterfly plant, phalaenopsis amabilis orchid having large elliptic to obovate fleshy leaves and fragrant pink-and-white flowers dotted with red.
~ genus phalaenopsis, phalaenopsis genus of ornamental epiphytic orchids of Asia and Australia.
~ moth orchid, moth plant any of various orchids of the genus Phalaenopsis having often drooping glossy broad obovate or oval leaves usually dark green flushed purple or mottled grey and silver.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.77083
Retrieved Text: Once the dreaded clothes moths have moved into your home, it’s almost impossible to get rid of them, and that’s where our Moth Stop range comes in. Tried, tested and here to make moth prevention easy, it’s also scientifically proven to kill both clothes moths and carpet moths and – more importantly – their eggs and garment-munching larvae.
First, use our Moth Trap or Carpet Moth Trap to find out if you have a moth infestation. These traps release pheromones to attract adult moths and then trap them on the sticky pad, alerting you to their presence. Make sure you position the carpet moth trap low down near the skirting board or on the carpet for best moth-detecting results. Act now, because by the time you find tell-tale holes in your favourites clothes or upholstery, it could be too late!
Found moths? Then it’s time to get rid of them – we have moth repellents for placing inside your wardrobes and drawers, and carpets and other fabrics. Effective against adult moths, their eggs and larvae, each moth-killing treatment offers long-lasting protection against further infestation, while the pleasant lavender fragrance keeps your garments and home smelling fresh. And they’re so simple to use – our carpet moth treatment, for instance, consists of merely spraying the carpet in question.
For more information on how to get rid of moths for good and how to protect your favourite jumper from those pesky intruders, visit our blog.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.7668705
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Moth Removal Fraserburgh for all your Moth problems at affordable prices with our fully trained and qualified Pest Controllers in Fraserburgh.
Moth Removal Fraserburgh can help with all Moth problems throughout Fraserburgh and surrounding areas.
Moth Removal Fraserburgh offers you affordable prices and all our Pest Controllers are fully trained and qualified and will talk you through each step of the way, they will also give you advise where needed to deter Moths from returning to your property in the future.
Call Today for a Quote on your Moth Removal throughout Fraserburgh.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.750387
Retrieved Text: Virginia Woolf relates to this hay-colored moth on a personal plane; she discerns her own ultimatum of life from how this moth opposes its natural course. “… I watched these futile attempts for a time without thinking, unconsciously waiting for him to resume his flight, as one waits for a machine… to start again without considering the reason of its failure.” Woolf was a depressed, possibly bipolar, socialite throughout her literary career, and most recent to writing Death of the Moth, discovered an increasingly intense agitation from her condition that cumulated in her suicide. As the moth wanes from his otherwise mundane grace, Woolf fluctuates between a desperate wish for the moth to inexplicably overcome its natural course to continue life in a narrow windowpane, which he accepts comfortably, and a hesitancy to interfere with him for fear of interrupting what she could learn from his confrontation with inevitability. When Woolf realizes she is enthralled with the life of this moth, she doesn’t seem to actually personally connect with the moth at this point, but she does identify with the moth, hence switching “it” with a personal “him” to accompany her.
He does begin to personally connect with her when “…[she] looked as if for the enemy against which he struggled… stillness and quiet had replaced the previous animation… yet the power was still there all the same… somehow it was opposed to the little hay-colored moth.” Woolf almost panics when she realized “failure and awkwardness were the approach of death,” as her own festering social awkwardness

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.742939
Retrieved Text: The White Satin Moth or Satin Moth (Leucoma salicis) is a moth of the Lymantriidae family. The wingspan is 37–50 mm. The moth flies from June to August. The larvae feed on Salix and Populus species.
It is found in Europe and in North America where it was introduced in the 1920's.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.725914
Retrieved Text: Turn on your porch light at night and bring out your inner citizen scientist. Record observations of moths for National Moth Week and help scientists understand these unique Lepidopterans.
I used to be a moth assassin. I’d grab the swatter or scream for my husband whenever one fluttered erratically inside the house. Either way, that critter would not make it out alive. Then I met Dave Moskowitz and Liti Haramaty. I would be “saved,” and so would a lot of moths.
For years, I’d hung around my town’s Butterfly Park and shot photos of beautiful swallowtails, monarchs, great spangled fritillaries, American ladies and more. I never considered that moths hung out there too. I once spent days trying to identify a lovely little Lepidopteran I’d photographed by searching butterfly websites. Finally, a friend found it on a moth site. It was an eight-spotted forester. I had no idea moths could be so cute.
I first met Dave and Liti at the park, where we’d mostly talk butterflies. In 2011, they invited me to a moth night, promising I would have a blast. I was amazed. In the glow of mercury vapor lights, dozens of moths and other insects alighted on white sheets. Children were holding them, even putting them on their noses. No one had a swatter. Even I held a moth on my hand that night.
In late 2012, Dave and Liti asked for my help. That summer, they had founded National Moth Week as a project of the nonprofit Friends of the East Brunswick (NJ) Environmental Commission. They

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.724908
Retrieved Text: Observations: Darker species of P.conwagana are similar to this moth but have yellowish cilia as apposed to the yellow terminal band of this moth.
The moth is blackish brown with metallic grey and bluish grey scales. The moth has a series of yellowish brown blotches both on the costa and in many cases the dorsum also.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.7228365
Retrieved Text: Our Entomology coordinated bundles consist of a colorway and 2 coordinating semisolids. The 'Swizzle' shawl pattern designed by Jennifer Kirchenbauer (available for purchase on our 'patterns' page) is perfect for these bundles!
Burnet Moth, Burnet Pink, and Medium Gray.
Candystriped Leaf Hopper, Burnet Pink, and Leaf Hopper Blue.
Cecropia Caterpillar, Caterpillar Blue, and Caterpillar Orange.
Horned Caterpillar, Luna Blue, and Dark Gray.
Hubbard’s Caterpillar, Caterpillar Purple, and Chrysalis Green.
Leaf Hopper, Leaf Hopper Blue, and Mantis Yellow.
Luna Moth, Luna Blue, and Pale Gray.
Monarch Chrysalis, Chrysalis Green, and Light Gray.
Praying Mantis, Mantis Green, and Caterpillar Orange.
Rosy Maple Moth, Maole Moth Pink, and Mantis Yellow.
Our 'Insect Collection' bundles are the Entomology version of our original 'Birds of a Feather' bundles. They were so popular we decided to add the two colorways and two coordinating semisolids bundles across all of our collections! These bundles are made for Jennifer Kirchenbauer's 'Divisionism' pattern (available for purchase on our 'patterns' page).
Burnet Moth, Medium Gray, Luna Blue, and Luna Moth.
Candystriped Leaf Hopper, Caterpillar Orange, Leaf Hopper Blue, and Leaf Hopper.
Cecropia Caterpillar, Caterpillar Blue, Maple Moth Pink, and Rosy Maple Moth.
Horned Caterpillar, Chrysalis Green, Mantis Yellow, and Monarch Chrysalis.
Praying Mantis, Luna Blue, Mantis Green, and Hubbard’s Caterpillar.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.718813
Retrieved Text: Friends, family, associates and Moths gathered at Witbank Sound Memory Cottages to pay their last respects to Moth Theodore Andrew Cremer, who answered the Sunset Call on 24 October 2018. Reverend Linda Jansen presided over the Service, delivering a message of hope for those who need to carry on with their lives.
Moth Theo was also afforded a MOTH funeral ceremony which was well attended by Moths and Friends of the MOTH from all 5 Units within MOTH Coalfields District. Moth Redmond Lennox sited the strong character and charisma of Theo. Theodore was born on 15 June, 1952. His two children Matthew and Chantalle proudly remember their late father as a committed parent. Theo’s character was like the steel he worked with; Strong and steadfast. He believed in reaching out to others.

================



======= Instance Index 152 =========
Input Text: What can you find in a forest

Which is the correct answer?
- A car
- Hogwarts
- A unicorn
- remedies

Target Text: remedies

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.20885
Retrieved Text: Christian boarding schools in Lake Forest, Illinois. Free help finding the best Christian boarding school in Lake Forest.
Is your teenager spinning out of control? Looking for a therapeutic boarding school near Lake Forest, Illinois?
Let us assist you in researching the best program whether or not it is near Lake Forest, Illinois. We’ve made it our life goal to know all we can about every school, so we can help parents (without cost) find the best possible option for their troubled teen. We want to help you avoid the same mistake we did.
Now, every day we hear from many frustrated parents in cities like Lake Forest, Illinois, who share how their once normal and happy child has become dangerously out of control — just like our son was. They talk about how it has disrupted their family and how they fear for their child’s future and very life. “My child is no longer who she used to be,” is an often repeated cry from these parents.
If your child is out of control, he or she needs you to intervene. That’s why you’ve landed on this site, so allow us to be the resource you need to help you find just the right program, hopefully near Lake Forest, Illinois. The downward spiral your teen is on can have tremendous destructive potential with lifelong consequences, or even bring a teen’s life to a quick end. Don’t wait. Act now based on what you know is true — your faith, your own beliefs, and what you know is best for

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.982553
Retrieved Text: If you love to study about plants and animals, you need to look at coniferous forest facts. The biome living inside the coniferous forest is various. You will be impressed with a wide array of plants and animals living here. The wildlife and coniferous forest should be protected by the people.
Just like its name suggested, the name coniferous on the forests is derived from the dominant plants living the space. It is called as coniferous plants. Most of the trees have cones instead of having flowers. This forest lies below the turn of polar. That’s why it is included in a large boreal forest.
You can find many coniferous forests in any kinds of climates. The view is unique when the forest experiences a very cold temperature. The trees have the needles like leaves which enable the tree to pass through the cold season easily.
Acidic soil is not a big deal for the plants living on coniferous forest. The plants living in the area can live well even though the ground is covered with snow and become acidic.
Do you know the kinds of plants living in coniferous forest? Some of them include herbs, ferns and mosses. These kinds of plants can grow well on the area which receives a little sunlight.
What about the kinds of the animals living in coniferous forest? You can find that Siberian tiger, frigs, and cold blooded animals inside the Asian boreal forest.
Cold boreal forests of North America are the home to the animals such as bears, wolves, reindeer, woodpecker, owls, hawks and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.973633
Retrieved Text: According to our records, Clarion Forest VNA provides Nursing Care, Home Care to seniors in Clarion, PA. This senior care facility is located at 271 Perkins Rd. You can find out where Clarion is located with the map of Clarion, PA below. Look for the red pin, and see other nearby communtiies that are marked with yellow pins when they are available. Other than these facts, we can't really say much about this care provider, but we can tell you more about the types of senior care that Clarion Forest VNA is said to provide.
Nursing Care : Nursing Homes are a type of senior housing that typically offer a wide range of healthcare services, including the services of on-site doctors and other medical professionals, as well as traditional senior housing services like meal service, personal assistive care, housekeeping and more. Check with Clarion Forest VNA to find out what services they provide.
Home Care : Home Care is a type of senior care service that delivers personal assistance and medical care at home to ill, disabled, or elderly persons in need. There are many different services and models of home care, so check with Clarion Forest VNA to find out more about what they offer.
Do you represent this community? If you represent Clarion Forest VNA, learn about how you can add photos and customize this page by advertising with SeniorHousingNet.
SeniorHousingNet.com provides all the available details for facilities or services that Clarion Forest VNA provides at 271 Perkins Rd, Clarion, PA, 16214. Clarion Forest VNA provides Nursing Care,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.803526
Retrieved Text: Teams Birmingham Nottingham Forest played so far 26 matches.
Birmingham won 9 direct matches. Nottingham Forest won 8 matches. 9 matches ended in a draw. On average in direct matches both teams scored a 2.12 goals per Match.
We invite you to check Birmingham and Nottingham Forest match statistict (Tab Stats->Match statistics), where you will find out who is the best scorer. Also you can check the statistics of possession, shots, corners, offsides, and many other applications.
In tab Goals stats (tab Stats->Goals stats) check how many loses and scored goals per game, how many games won and lost to zero. You will find what results teams Birmingham and Nottingham Forest usually end matches with divided into first and second half.
In tab Form(Stats->form) you find graph teams form and a list of all matches of Birmingham and Nottingham Forest in season.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.65771
Retrieved Text: AllSeats.com provides the ability for you to easily order your electric forest tickets with an easy to use system that will provide you with great tickets at great prices. Let us help you find exactly what you’re looking for whether it’s tickets to a sporting event, a concert, or theater event. AllSeats.com is one of the top providers of tickets for sporting events, concert events, and theater events. When you order your electric forest tickets through AllSeats.com, you are guaranteed to have your tickets delivered to you on time. Why go through the hassle of waiting at the box office and hoping there are still tickets available to purchase? We make it so you have great tickets in hand for the event you’re attending. AllSeats.com strives to provide the best tickets at great prices so you never have to miss an event.
Don't forget to pick up some great electric forest merchandise!
When you order your electric forest tickets through AllSeats.com you will receive a receipt for your purchase in your email address too. Every ticket that is sold from AllSeats.com comes with a tracking number so you know exactly where your tickets are at and when they will be delivered! We have been selling tickets since 1999 and provide you with some of the best tickets at great prices for top sporting events, popular concerts, and world-renowned theater shows for over 14 years now. AllSeats.com has sold thousands of tickets for events all over the world. We understand how important electric forest tickets are to you; that’s

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.644402
Retrieved Text: Funeral directors New Forest help in planning burial ceremonies.
The benefits of funeral directors New Forest.
The amazing services of funeral directors New Forest.
Have affordable funeral plans Southampton.
The role of funeral directors Southampton in a funeral ceremony.
The need for the services of funeral directors New Forest.
The importance of funeral directors Southampton.
Hire the services of funeral directors Southampton.
Search for reputable funeral services New Forest.
Do You Need a CNC Turning Machine for Your Business?
Why choose house cleaning services in St. Louis?
What to expect from good house cleaning service providers in St Louis?
Why Should You Post Free Ads?
How Does China Payroll Function?
How to hire domestic electrical contractor Banbury?
How to find the best funeral services Southampton?
How to make the best funeral plans New Forest?
How to get the best funeral services New Forest?
How to find excavators for hire?
How plant hire Congleton companies can help you save money?
How to get the best telehandlers for hire?
Plan the right funeral with the help of funeral directors Sheffield.
Funeral directors Beighton - Funerals and their importance.
How about using promotional tote bags?
Why You Need to Contact A Coach Hire Company in Stansted Airport?
Why Hire a Singapore Web Design Company?
Should You Rely on Singapore Website Development Professionals?
Why Hire Events Marketing Agency London?
Why Turn Ashes into Diamonds?
Ashes into Diamonds – Can You Do It?
Should You Turn Remains into Diamonds?
How Can You Find رقمكهربائيفيالكويت?
Why Search for ارقامنقلعفشالكويت Online?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.60185
Retrieved Text: Know Forest Hills HS Class of 1980 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 1980 Class List by adding missing names.
More 1980 alumni from Forest Hills HS Forest Hills, NY have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 1980 alumni.
Alumni from the Forest Hills High School class of 1980 that have been added to this alumni directory are shown on this page. All of the people on this page graduated in '80 from Forest Hills HS. You can register for free to add your name to the FHHS alumni directory.
You can also find out what other graduates are doing now, share memories with other alumn, upload pictures from Forest Hills and find other alumni.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.588682
Retrieved Text: We are an independant family owned and run business perched high on the Sussex weald in the heart of the ancient Ashdown Forest. We strive to offer sensibly priced plants for sale that can truly stand up to the British climate in all its vagaries.
Any questions for Ashdown Forest Gardens? Fill in the contact form below and your question(s) will be send to Ashdown Forest Gardens automatically.
Do you want to write a review about Ashdown Forest Gardens in Uckfield, East Sussex? Write a review and make a chance to win £25,-. Once you've written your review you will automatically be entered into the monthly prize draw to win £25,-. The more reviews you write the more times you enter the draw! So what are you waiting for, write your review about Ashdown Forest Gardens today!
Ashdown Forest Gardens is a garden centre you'll find at Duddleswell Uckfield, East Sussex . You'll find an excellent range of plants within the garden centre, as well as many other gardening products. For more information on the range please refer to the website. Ashdown Forest Gardens is one of the many garden centres in East Sussex .
Have questions about this garden centre in Uckfield? Check the opening times above and you can be sure that when you visit, you won't be left standing in front of a set of closed doors. Of course, you can also check out the website for more information. Perhaps you like a good old fashioned chat and would prefer to phone? Then dial the number for

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.588223
Retrieved Text: Visit My Forest - Forest Conservation: What You Can Do - Find a forest near you!
You can take simple steps today to help protect and restore the world's forests.
Buy or cut firewood only near where you plan to use it; transporting wood can cause the spread of invasive insects and diseases.
Clean your boots carefully after hiking in a forest to avoid spreading diseases such as sudden oak death.
Until stronger federal regulations are in place for plant imports, consider buying seeds or locally grown plants from nurseries.
Voice your concern about insects and plant diseases traveling on plant imports.
Work against climate change by supporting public efforts to protect and restore forests.
Enjoy a forest near you by hiking, birding, hunting or camping.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.573786
Retrieved Text: We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Amazing Forest Wedding Invitations 36 With Additional free printable invitations Inspiration with Forest Wedding Invitations can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories; you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all..

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.50605
Retrieved Text: Why not build you own house with the help of Long Forest, VIC, AU builders?
Builders in Long Forest, VIC, AU can be employed to handle a wide range of projects; from knocking down a partition wall to building a kitchen extension, but you’ll certainly need the help of a trusted house builder if you plan to build your own home from the ground up. But why would you take on such a task?
This may seem like a daunting task, and admittedly, it’s not for the faint-hearted. But with extensive research, trusted builders in Long Forest, VIC, AU, detailed budgeting and good judgement you might soon be sitting in the house of your dreams, at a snip of the cost.
Your architect’s plans will serve as clear instructions to your builder and, if the former has done their job well, you should also avoid any nasty surprises with the local council. Finding the right Long Forest, VIC, AU builder need not be a long or difficult process. Personal recommendations aside, a good place to start is the Long Forest, VIC, AU Home Builders category of the Find a Pro section on Houzz, where you can see their previous work and ask questions.
Compile a shortlist of at least three builders in Long Forest, VIC, AU that can handle the full scope of works, either by themselves or through sub-contracting. It is often a good idea to play devil’s advocate and ask what the builder will not be responsible for, such as structural engineer consultations. Be weary of unusually cheap

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.50257
Retrieved Text: Here is our little friend Bibi!
Every ﻿week we meet with her in the forest. Together with the children she is happy to find the first greens in spring, to smell the scented flowers in summer, to explore numerous colorful leaves in autumn and to play in the snow in winter. Bibi loves nature, the forest is her home, and she likes to tell stories about it. Sometimes she asks if one can distinguish one plant form the other by the smell, and the children try to do so. Or she offers a child to make friends with a tree and to remember his new friend by touch and feel - so, that the child can find his new friend with eyes closed. What do you hear in the woods, when it's quiet? Can it at all be very quiet in the forest? And everybody takes hands behind their ears in order to hear better. Or Bibi just shows the children a Forest TV: it is amazing what you can see on the four-sticks-framed screen - everything! Bibi helps us to find the materials for crafting in woods - but most of the times the children do it much faster themselves. And when the children get back to playing together, running, romping and climbing our little friend hides back in the bag pocket.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.4701
Retrieved Text: Herbal Medicine Forest is an exciting new point and click forest escape game adventure created by Zoo Zoo Games! Ready to try this new game now? Then feel free to try it with your own hands right here!
You are definitely in search for rarest herbs in this lush and green forest right now, for as a person who knows much of these stuff, you have placed it upon yourself to find those here so you can cure people with certain diseases. You wanted to use alternative medicine for these absolutely came from nature and are proven quite effective. But in-order for this mission to be possible, you have to first find something, and that is the hut where the equipment is stored most especially for medicine processing.
Okay then, you have got to get off the forest so you can get yourself ready in that hut. Find it deep in the forest and try to solve the lock there for it can get pretty tricky, as said by the people who have already been there. Are you ready to go on an adventure and seek mystery plants that can potentially cure life-threatening diseases? Good luck and do have fun with this game!
Couldn't quite figure what needs to be done in-order to solve this game? You may very well try the video below as a guide through the game!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.45363
Retrieved Text: At first you thought that this is just an ordinary forest but you are wrong. You were walking peacefully when you heard something. It sounds something musical and you thought that someone is just making that sound. Moments later, you saw the trees light up. This forest is the most magical place that you've ever seen. You can't believe your eyes but this is indeed an Enchanted Forest. You wanted to see more so you stayed and roamed around. There is a magical thing happening in every corner of this forest but what is not magical is the fact that you can't find your way out of here. Looks like you roamed around too much that you lost your way. The good news is, there are hints that can help you to find the right path.
However, there are puzzles in this enchanted forest that you need to solve before you can finally escape. This place is indeed beautiful but you can't stay here for too long. You have to use your logic to escape from this place as soon as possible. Enchanted Forest Escape (Big Escape Games) is a brand new outdoor escape game by Big Escape Games. Best of luck!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.424198
Retrieved Text: Why use UpCounsel to hire a Forest Hills Startup Attorney?
On UpCounsel, you can find and connect with top-rated Forest Hills startup attorneys & lawyers that provide a range of startup law services for startups and entrepreneurs that are starting a business. Any of the top-rated Forest Hills startup lawyers you connect with will be available to help with a variety of your startup law related legal needs on-demand or on an ongoing basis in the city of Forest Hills, NY.
From primarily dealing with things like business formation, contracts, leases, equity financing, securities, and intellectual property protection, the Forest Hills startup lawyers on UpCounsel can help you with a variety of specialized and general startup law related legal matters. No matter what type of startup law needs you have, you can easily hire an experienced Forest Hills startup lawyer on UpCounsel to help you today.
Improve Your Legal ROI with Affordable Startup Attorneys that service Forest Hills, NY.
Want to Connect with Top Forest Hills Startup Attorneys & Lawyers?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.362688
Retrieved Text: Plumb London offer professional boiler installations in forest hill and the whole of London.
If you don’t have the first idea how to solve plumbing problems in your Forest hill home then it's always best to hire a professional plumber to fix them for you. At Plumb London our expert plumbers can deal with any problem, no matter how large, so that you can put your plumbing problems behind you and get on with other things. Call Plumb London today and we’ll send a fully qualified plumber around to deal with your plumbing problem in Forest hill immediately.
It can be hard to find plumbers in Forest Hill that you can trust. Either they charge extortionate prices, don’t bother turning up when you need them or they’re simply unavailable. Plumb London engineers serving Forest Hill can provide the highest quality service, great customer service and all for a competitive price.
Even the smallest of plumbing jobs in Forest Hill and SE23 can lead to bigger problems that can end up costing a fortune to repair. That’s why at Plumb London we recommend getting them seen to as quickly as possible. If you have a plumbing problem in Forest Hill then don’t wait around and call us today. After all, it won’t fix itself!
Dripping tap? Burst pipe? Central heating issues? Plumbing problems can be really frustrating, but finding a good plumber in Forest Hill or North can be even more difficult. With Plumber London you can hire a friendly local plumber to deal with your problem whenever it arises and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.361923
Retrieved Text: We are a family run business excited to invite everyone to visit our nursery. We have many varieties of French and English, traditional and new lavender plants to sell whilst gaining inspiration for your own garden as well as offering a personal service.
Any questions for New Forest Lavender? Fill in the contact form below and your question(s) will be send to New Forest Lavender automatically.
I visited The New Forest Lavender Nursery yesterday and what a gem of a place. So pretty and well kept, very healthy plants, an attractive shop and the café is first class. Wonderful coffee and the cheese scone was out of this world. I will be returning soon.
Do you want to write a review about New Forest Lavender in Salisbury, Wiltshire? Write a review and make a chance to win £25,-. Once you've written your review you will automatically be entered into the monthly prize draw to win £25,-. The more reviews you write the more times you enter the draw! So what are you waiting for, write your review about New Forest Lavender today!
New Forest Lavender is a garden centre you'll find at Giles Lane Salisbury, Wiltshire . You'll find an excellent range of plants within the garden centre, as well as many other gardening products. For more information on the range please refer to the website. New Forest Lavender is one of the many garden centres in Wiltshire .
Have questions about this garden centre in Salisbury? Check the opening times above and you can be sure that when you visit,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.356281
Retrieved Text: Why use UpCounsel to hire a Lake Forest Startup Attorney?
On UpCounsel, you can find and connect with top-rated Lake Forest startup attorneys & lawyers that provide a range of startup law services for startups and entrepreneurs that are starting a business. Any of the top-rated Lake Forest startup lawyers you connect with will be available to help with a variety of your startup law related legal needs on-demand or on an ongoing basis in the city of Lake Forest, IL.
From primarily dealing with things like business formation, contracts, leases, equity financing, securities, and intellectual property protection, the Lake Forest startup lawyers on UpCounsel can help you with a variety of specialized and general startup law related legal matters. No matter what type of startup law needs you have, you can easily hire an experienced Lake Forest startup lawyer on UpCounsel to help you today.
Improve Your Legal ROI with Affordable Startup Attorneys that service Lake Forest, IL.
Want to Connect with Top Lake Forest Startup Attorneys & Lawyers?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.339203
Retrieved Text: Finding Forest Glen Oceanside condos for sale is a great way to start your search but how much do you really know about Forest Glen Oceanside? Learn about condos and townhomes for sale in Forest Glen and other real estate information about this condo community on AlexiouRealty.com where you have access to the listings and neighborhood information whenever you want and need it.
The Forest Glen Oceanside listings here on AlexiouRealty.com are detailed beyond that of what you have come to expect when you do a similar search in other sites. Property facts like price, location, number of rooms and baths, and the price are easily found, but here you also find descriptions straight from the listing agent as well as lists of features as they are inputed in the listings database. You can see schools that are nearby, learn about the community and property values in the neighborhood, and more.
Find the facts you need to feel good about your search for condos for sale in Forest Glen. The info you are looking for is right here on AlexiouRealty.com when you need it.
Information doesn't have to be hard to find, and it certainly shouldn't be even harder to understand. AlexiouRealty.com has made the facts and details easy for you to understand making your Forest Glen Oceanside Condos search a little simpler.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.328022
Retrieved Text: Order DIRECTV in Wake Forest and save on the channels and features you want most.
You have options for TV service in Wake Forest, but none can compare to the quality and value you get with DIRECTV. Wake Forest residents can take advantage of all DIRECTV has to offer, like numerous package options and convenient ways to watch your favorite shows.
When it comes to your entertainment, don’t count on cable in Wake Forest. DIRECTV is available in your area and, for the 16th year in a row, DIRECTV rated higher in customer satisfaction than cable. So what are you waiting for? Call now to order DIRECTV in Wake Forest!
No matter what kind of programming you like to watch – sports, family entertainment, movies, or a little of everything – DIRECTV has a package for you. Check out available DIRECTV packages in Wake Forest, then call to order yours!
You can also boost your DIRECTV package with add-on channel packages that bring you more sports, premium and international networks. Call now to find out more about DIRECTV packages in Wake Forest and order the best channel lineup for your home!
Stay connected to Wake Forest and surrounding areas with DIRECTV.
Yes, you can bundle DIRECTV + Internet in Wake Forest!
Building a bundle with DIRECTV + Internet in Wake Forest is easy and rewarding. Just choose your DIRECTV package and add a high speed Internet plan. DIRECTV bundles include service from leading Internet providers like AT&T, so you can feel confident you’re getting quality services when you bundle.
Make the most of all

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.318638
Retrieved Text: Know Forest Park High Class of 1983 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 1983 Class List by adding missing names.
More 1983 alumni from Forest Park HS Forest Park, OH have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 1983 alumni.
If you are trying to find people that graduated in '83 at FPHS in Forest Park, OH, check the alumni list below that shows the class of 1983.
You can share memories of those activities that you were involved with at Forest Park HS and you can view other alumni and read what other former students have posted about the time they spent at Forest Park.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.307383
Retrieved Text: At Simple Data Recovery, we will provide you numerous services which businesses in Forest Grove, PA need when data vanishes unexpectedly. We have a team of well-trained data recovery professionals in Forest Grove, PA who can find solutions to retrieve lost business and personal data. To give you peace of mind, we offer a guarantee of “No Data, No Charge.” This policy is our way of assuring you that our team in your Forest Grove, PA always does their best to recover all your missing data. Records show that we have an almost 100% success rate in retrieving lost data in Forest Grove, PA. This only means that we hardly use the no-charge guarantee. Our many years of experience in the industry have exposed our data recovery in Forest Grove, PA team to various types of data recovery issues. Also, our team regularly joins training to learn the latest method and technologies in Forest Grove, PA data recovery.
At Simple Data Recovery in Forest Grove, PA data recovery projects are conducted in an approved Class 100 and Class 10 clean rooms. These laboratories were designed and engineered to eradicate air contaminants which can be harmful to your hard drive and its internal components. We implement the highest standard in the data recovery industry in your Forest Grove, PA.
When your personal or business data suddenly disappears in the air, it’s hard to find a company in Forest Grove, PA that doesn’t see your situation as a mere opportunity to add more funds to their bank account. But in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.295591
Retrieved Text: Descargar libros gratis en línea Https Books Apple Com Es Book Where The Forest Meets Stars It1456301768 Uo 2libro un libro .
HTTPS BOOKS APPLE COM ES BOOK WHERE THE FOREST MEETS STARS IT1456301768 UO 2LIBRO - Are you searching for Ebook Https Books Apple Com Es Book Where The Forest Meets Stars It1456301768 Uo 2libro? You can be glad to know that at the moment Https Books Apple Com Es Book Where The Forest Meets Stars It1456301768 Uo 2libro is on our online library. With our online language learning resources, you can find Https Books Apple Com Es Book Where The Forest Meets Stars It1456301768 Uo 2libro or just about any type of ebooks, for almost any product.
We have made it easy so that you can find Ebooks with virtually no digging. And by having access to your ebooks online or by storing it using your laptop, you have convenient answers using Https Books Apple Com Es Book Where The Forest Meets Stars It1456301768 Uo 2libro. To get going finding Https Books Apple Com Es Book Where The Forest Meets Stars It1456301768 Uo 2libro, you are right to find our website that includes a comprehensive collection of manuals shown.
Our library is the biggest of these that have literally hundreds of thousands of different products represented. You will also see that there are particular sites catered to different product types or categories, brands or niches related to Https Books Apple Com Es Book Where The Forest Meets Stars It1456301768 Uo 2libro . So based on what exactly

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.27765
Retrieved Text: Set sail in the National Forest and find activities on water.
The National Forest isn’t just trees; there are rivers, canals, reservoirs and lakes a-plenty. From gentle canoe paddles along canals and rivers to riding the wind across reservoirs by sailboat or windsurfer, there are plenty of opportunities to make a splash in the National Forest.
Here are just a few locations where you can sail in the National Forest. If you can't find what you're looking for visit our Visit Search, where you can search for all locations on or near water in the Forest.
Open swimming on Monday evenings organised by CA Swim Coaching.
Open swimming on Saturday mornings and Wednesday evenings, organised by Derby Triathlon Club.
Based in Burton upon Trent, this club organises a range of activities throughout the year.
Burton Leander Rowing Club was formed in 1847 and is proud to be known as one of the oldest established rowing clubs in the United Kingdom.
Trent Rowing Club is located next to the Burton Bridge in Burton upon Trent.
Fishing is one of the largest recreational activities in the country and there are lots of places to fish across the National Forest. Whether you like to compete with other anglers or just relax by the water with your rod, there's something here for you.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.252691
Retrieved Text: You can now access a video version of the Forest Ramble Podcast, for those of you who haven't subscribed or simply find it easier to access content this way!
In this Forest Ramble Extra Podcast, we welcome Jake Brown for a match report, as well as discuss the big match with Steven Toplis, before turning our attentions to what Karanka might bring to the City Ground.
You can subscribe to the Forest Ramble Podcast via Apple Podcasts. Do get in touch with us via social media or drop us a line at info@forestramble.com.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.24302
Retrieved Text: When you use NLR to find a landscape designer or landscape contractor in Park Forest you know that you'll be working with the best rated, most reliable companies in the area. NLR has strict guidelines when it comes to our partners, and we only partner with Park Forest landscapers who are known for their high quality work as well as their excellent track records when it comes to customer satisfaction. All of the landscape companies in Park Forest that you'll find on NLR carry workers' compensation liability insurance, as well as only use workers that are legally able to work in Park Forest. The end result of all of our research is that with NLR you can quickly compare rates on landscaping in Park Forest from only the best companies around.
When you are narrowing down your search for a landscaper, it's important that you only look at Park Forest landscapers that are licensed to perform their services in Illinois. One thing to look out for is unlicensed landscaping contractors in Park Forest offering substantially lower estimates which often look too good to pass up on. Choosing an unlicensed Park Forest landscaper will often lead to poor work, if they actually perform the work that they say they will, and can often times turn what looked like a way to save money into a massive hassle that ends up costing more than working with a licensed company.
View Past Work - browse pictures of their past work to get an idea if you like the quality and designs

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.198362
Retrieved Text: Latest Videos - Documentary Movies.
Q.What is a subscription and what is it for? A.A Premium subscription allows you to enjoy additional benefits to the free service that Rapidgator.net offers. Instantly find where to watch your favorite movies and TV shows. With WhereToWatch.com, you can discover when your favorite movie or TV show is playing, or if you can. Watch Ride Along 2 (2016) DVDRip full action movie watch online free download torrent, Ride Along 2 movie upload at dailymotion, streamin, vidzi, fullmovie8k. Incoming search terms: watch the forest 2016 online free; watch the forest 2016 free; the forest 2016 putlocker; the forest 2016 stream; the forest 2016 streaming.
The Boy and the Beast (2015) Full Movie Details: Kyuta, a boy living in Shibuya, and Kumatetsu, a lonesome beast from Jutengai, an imaginary world.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.184744
Retrieved Text: , we all selects the very best selections together with best resolution simply for you, and this photographs is usually one of images selections in our ideal photos gallery concerning Quality Photos Of forest Coloring Pages for Kids. I’m hoping you’ll enjoy it.
placed through resolution with 2017-05-21 04:40:19. To see just about all images inside Quality Photos Of forest Coloring Pages for Kids photos gallery you need to comply with this link.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Forest Coloring Pages for Kids Best Of Cat Coloring Pages Best Coloring Page Color Faces can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories; you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all..

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.171537
Retrieved Text: Mushrooms aren't just for eating. As the rains pick up in fall, I love returning to the forest to see what mushrooms I can find. Some, like chanterelles, boletes, lobsters and cauliflower mushrooms, are easy enough to identify and harvest that anyone with some preparation and guidance can get started foraging. But even the non-edible mushrooms are a delight to find and learn about.
The best way to start your journey into mushrooms is by picking up a good book and finding your local mycological society. There are certain mushrooms you'll want to make sure you can identify in any given area to avoid ingesting anything truly poisonous, such as an Amanita phalloides, commonly called the death cap mushroom.
Some good books to consider picking up can be found at your local bookstore or can be ordered online. I'd recommend Mushrooms of the Pacific Northwest, by Steve Trudell and Joe Ammirati, Mushrooms Demistified, by David Arora, and the classic text All That the Rain Promises and More - A Hip Pocket Guide to Western Mushrooms, also by David Arora.
If foraging is what you're after, the rules change for when, what and how much you can forage depending on the state where you are foraging and if the forest is on federal land. For instance, if you plan to harvest mushrooms in Mount Hood National Forest, you'll need to obtain a free permit that allows you to harvest up to one gallon per day and keep to permissible harvesting areas. Larger quantities require a fee permit. Likewise, if you

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.156107
Retrieved Text: What does a lawn and sprinkler contractor in Long Forest, Victoria do?
Find a lawn and sprinkler contractor in Long Forest, Victoria on Houzz. Scroll through this page to find professionals in your area that can supply and install turf and artificial grass; set up sprinkler and irrigation systems; as well as provide general lawn maintenance services. You can browse their portfolios, read reviews and see how other homeowners rate their service, expertise and products.

================



======= Instance Index 68 =========
Input Text: What is a source of energy?

Which is the correct answer?
- bricks
- grease
- cars
- dirt

Target Text: grease

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.305496
Retrieved Text: 47 New What is Light Energy from what is light energy , source: draftpromocodefreeentry.com.
Examples Light Energy Awesome Superwettability 0d Materials from what is light energy , source: draftpromocodefreeentry.com.
Examples Light Energy Luxury Constructing A Znin 2 S 4 from what is light energy , source: draftpromocodefreeentry.com.
How to Wire A 3 Way Light Switch Diagram Valid Energy Level Diagram from what is light energy , source: zookastar.com.
How to Wire A 3 Gang Light Switch Wiring Diagram Best Energy from what is light energy , source: zookastar.com.
Light Energy Luxury Nanostructured Materials 0d Quantum Dots 1d from what is light energy , source: draftpromocodefreeentry.com.
40 Awesome Light Energy Decoration from what is light energy , source: graellsvinyamata.com.
Light Energy Radiant Energy of Motion Kinetic Energy Heat from what is light energy , source: pinterest.com.
Light Energy Beautiful 0d 2d Nano Posite Visible Light catalyst from what is light energy , source: draftpromocodefreeentry.com.
Cd Cover Size Cd Cover Size 0d 2d Nano Posite Visible Light from what is light energy , source: caminhoxama.org.
5 examples of light energy from what is light energy , source: viewdulah.co.
20 Best Light Bulb Idea Layout from what is light energy , source: graellsvinyamata.com.
Wiring A 3 Way Switch with 3 Lights Diagram Fresh Energy Level from what is light energy , source: zookastar.com.
Light Bulb Page 5 from what is light energy , source: sistemmobilyamardin.com.
Patio Post Lights Fresh Low Voltage Light Post Low Voltage Light from what is light energy , source: trinity-stmarksucc.com.
Pics 3 Light Linear Chandelier Fresh Home Design Ideas from what is light energy , source: indianmirrormag.com.
Lighting 43 Best Examples

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.079363
Retrieved Text: question_answer1) A solar water heater cannot be used to get hot water on (a) a sunny day. (b) a cloudy day. (c) a hot day. (d) a windy day.
question_answer4) Compare and contrast fossil fuels and the Sun as sources of energy.
question_answer5) Compare and contrast bio-mass and hydro-electricity as sources of energy.
question_answer7) On what basis would you classify energy sources as (a) renewable and nonrenewable? (b) exhaustible and inexhaustible? Are the options given in (a) and (b) the same?
question_answer8) What are the qualities of an ideal source of energy?
question_answer9) What are the advantages and disadvantages of using a solar cooker? Are there places where solar cookers would have limited utility?
question_answer10) What are the environmental consequences of the increasing demand for energy? What steps would you suggest to reduce energy consumption?
question_answer11) What is a good source of energy?
question_answer12) What is a good fuel?
question_answer13) If you could use any source of energy for heating your food, which one would you use and why?
question_answer14) What are the disadvantages of fossil fuels?
question_answer15) Why are we looking at alternate sources of energy?
question_answer16) How has the traditional use of wind and water energy been modified for our convenience?
question_answer17) What kind of mirror concave, convex or plane-would be best suited for use in a solar cooker? Why?
question_answer18) What are the limitations of energy that can be obtained from the oceans?
question_answer19) What is geothermal energy?
question_answer20) What are the advantages of nuclear energy?
question_answer21) Can any source of energy be pollution-free? Why or why not?
question_answer22) Hydrogen has been used as a rocket fuel. Would you consider it

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.543792
Retrieved Text: How do I adjust the unit to my needs?
SaveBox HOME allows you to choose the ratio of backup energy and energy production. You can choose the amount of stored energy you want to use in case of blackout. Obviously this reserved energy you will not be able to use for energy production from the photovoltaics.
What if batteries are fully charged and the sun is still shining?
In case the sun is shinning, your batteries are fully charged and there is not enough consumption in the house, SaveBox HOME allows you to remotely switch on one significant device – usually it is the boiler. The accumulation can continue in heating the water.
Is there any monitoring available?
If SaveBox HOME is connected via LAN to the internet, you will have access to complete history of energy production and storage in your unit. The price of this unit includes cloud service with secure access.
What is the NFC communication?
Using your smartphone with NFC communicator you can upload live data by placing the phone on the right spot of SaveBox HOME.
Does SaveBox HOME communicate with smarthomes?
SaveBox HOME communicates with Foxtrot – the system for smarthouses produced by czech company Teco.
What is considered one cycle of accumulator charging/discharging?
One cycle of our accumulator charging/discharging means – simply speaking – a “flow” of energy corresponding to the accumulator capacity through the accumulator. This means for example one full charging and one full discharging, or two cases of charging half of the accumulator capacity and two half discharging cases. Therefore even if the system switched ten times

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.507637
Retrieved Text: Or collected from renewable energy gang podcast; education outreach; videos; education;. 2016 by smith_comp on kalpana chawla in hindi search. 217, twitter, reviews, including daily astorian, renewable sources. Source: write my paper mills offer environmentally certified papers in gujarati grid stability battery systems for news, products and. Lab 4 popular energy upgrades for news, writing environment water sources. Airplane alternative energy, wind and simplify connection of energy consumed in energy; research paper. 02, highlights several innovations in renewable energy; dentistry; environmental technology and ryan wiser. Latest hot topics for this is to achieve governor alternative sources science fair project ideas that s hill. Research articles; human material progress is how the conventional energy sources. Itself or special order as wind energy policy or collected from renewable energy and whereas increased use renewable energy research perspectives on wind energy. By rich pdf; energy disadvantages if nuclear energy: bizarre alternate energy: eligibility, number of writing this essay about to it marks the latest hot topics! Promote renewable energy sources on renewable energy to the cycles time ocean, 2016 in. Human factors and services related to affordable, an overview of its renewable resources thermoeconomics, highlights several innovations in the citation style, while writing assignment. Sundresses she detarp the arab world has discovery alternative energy sources. Currently, our vast resources on alternative energy sources. March 6th, 2016 noja power electronics, switching power in green electricity. 01, 2016 noja power generation of the half the advantages disadvantages if nuclear energy. Applying the conventional energy sources used for renewable sources. Grant writing

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.346136
Retrieved Text: Everyone has Divine Source connections within their energy fields and they supply us with the power and energy directly from the Divine Source! Divine Source Connections are those connection points and cords that are linked into the Divine Source within own energy fields. You may have one, two or more of them, as each person is different as are their connections to the Divine. There are many different names for the Divine Source depending on what you beliefs are but the more common ones are God, Divine Spirit, Allah, etc. We all have these connection points from when we first came into our physical existence for this lifetime. It is up to us to keep them high and vibrant and use these connections to tap into the power, knowledge, wisdom, and energy that the Divine Source has to offer.
For our healing aspects however in our lifetime, these connections can become cluttered with energetic debris, stagnant, blocked, and occasionally even severed for some people. Problems such as this develop over time and can be caused by many things from a spiritual disconnection, negative energy surrounding the beliefs you have and even from others placing blockages in this area as well to hold back your energy flow. These problem areas can create a sense of loss and disconnection at the soul level, as your true soul patterns need to stay in direct communication with this connection point. This can cause stress on a spiritual, energetic, and emotional level that can even spill over into the mental and physical

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.291821
Retrieved Text: What source of energy do Americans think affects the environment the most?
One of the questions we ask during the Energy Survey is about what source of energy Americans think affects the environment the most. This question is the third in a sequence that probes views on the environmental dimensions of energy (see our questionnaire here).
We first ask each respondent how much he or she believes that energy affects the environment. Based on the latest data, 77 percent of Americans say that they think energy affects the environment at least at fair amount, in contrast to 20 percent who say it affects the environment only a little and 3 percent who don’t believe energy use affects the environment at all.
We next ask about the aspect of the environment that they think is most affected by energy use. Based on their answer to that question, we then ask the respondents what source of energy they think is most responsible. This question is posed in a completely open-ended fashion; the university’s professional telephone interviewers do not recite a list of energy sources from which to choose or otherwise prompt a respondent for an answer. The results are shown in the following chart, which tracks consumer responses over the first three years of the U-M Energy Survey. The most frequent answer is some form of petroleum, reflecting responses of petroleum, oil or a petroleum product such as gasoline. Although the number of respondents who fingered petroleum varied over the three years of quarterly samples shown, no clear trend is apparent.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.272873
Retrieved Text: The incinerator is the state’s 20th largest source of carbon emissions.
What Problem It Seeks to Solve: Oregon's aggressive promotion of new sources of renewable energy (mostly wind and solar) created a mechanism for renewable energy producers to sell what are called "renewable energy credits" to offset some of the cost of producing green electricity. More producers want a taste of those credits.
What the Bill Would Do: The bill would reclassify a Covanta waste-to-energy incinerator in Brooks that burns 550 tons of garbage a day—enough to power 9,000 homes—as a renewable energy plant.
Who Supports It: Covanta, a New Jersey-based waste management company, and the Oregon State Building and Construction Trades Council, which represents 30 workers at the incinerator. It's worth noting Beyer is one of the Senate's senior members and the plant is in the district of Senate President Peter Courtney (D-Salem). That might explain why the bill has already had a public hearing and work session.
Who Opposes It: Oregon's leading environmental groups and numerous citizens. Critics noted the incinerator is the state's 20th largest source of carbon emissions, contradicting the purpose of renewable energy: to reduce carbon emissions. "It is hard to conceive," testified Rhett Lawrence of the Sierra Club, "how the burning of household garbage—including plastics and other even more potentially toxic substances—can be considered a renewable energy source."

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.270889
Retrieved Text: Blog Title: What are the benefits of air source heat pumps?
Main Que: What are the benefits of air source heat pumps?
Answer: An air source heat pump is known to extract heat from the outside air to heat your homes. There are many benefits of using an air source heat pump. The biggest advantage of getting an air source heat pump is that you are able to heat your home during the winter and at the same time you can cool your home during the summer season. The other advantages of using heat pumps are the following: First of all, these heat pumps are energy efficient which means the ratio of energy consumed and heat generated is 1:3 These heat pumps are also known to be energy effective as they help you bring down your utility bills. Air source heat pumps along with heating your home also heats the water that you use in your home on a daily basis. The installation and maintenance of heat pumps is far easier when compared to other HVAC units. Last but not the least, air source heat pumps have low carbon emissions. However, that to a large extent depends on the kind of fuel that is used for its operation.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.260111
Retrieved Text: We are all Source Energy and we can define this in many ways. Some might say God, the Field of Potential, the Morphogenetic Field, and so on. Yet the words are not what is important. What is important is that we realize we are this, Source Energy. We came from it, we are it and we will return to it. Even, if we don’t, at times, realize it to its fullest potential and maybe, like myself, you have spent way too many years resisting it, rather than embracing it.
In this eBook you will learn what Source Energy is, and how you can use it to create the life you dreamed of.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.235374
Retrieved Text: This class is the introduction to working with the Aurora Source energy. The class covers how to connect with the energy for healing yourself and others. This class covers the learning to connect to the Aurora Source energy to gain greater understanding in its use. Learning to connect directly will increase the healing effectiveness and expands and grows the spiritual understanding. The Level 1 class teaches the fundamentals of working with this Energy to gain greater understanding of the Aurora Source energy and to increase the fundamental knowledge of Aurora Source leading then to the Advanced Class.
The introduction covers the origins of the Aurora Source energy and how will Aurora Source act in the terms of healing energy work with the individual and with those which we share it. Along with talking about the unlimited use of the Aurora Source energy and greatly expanding our awareness with it’s of this energy.
The whats and whys of the Aurora Source energy, the Divine place in service to the greater good of humanity. The continued building a community of Practioners and Masters to share new insights with our ever expanding undersatnding of this “Conscious Energy.” Yes, a conscious energy, a living Divinely intelligent energy.
The Aurora Source energy is a Catalyst for Spiritual Growth. The statement is simple and could be taken as so much marketing sales pitch. The plain turth is “a Catalyst for Growth” in an understatement. Under promised and over delivered on. Anyone giving half an effort will gain growth, give Aurora Source your full attention and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.197438
Retrieved Text: Is It Okay to Take Protein as Source Of Energy? Is It Okay to Take Protein as Source Of Energy? Is It Okay to Take Protein as Source Of Energy?
Is It Okay to Take Protein as Source Of Energy?
Home » Nutrition » Is It Okay to Take Protein as Source Of Energy?
Raised Question, "Is It Okay to Take Protein as Source Of Energy?"
Man thinking, "What's wrong in high protein, low carb food?"
Illustration: A man on dinning table, about to eat his food on plate!
We all know that the major source of energy is the carbohydrate, and we also get the fuel from lipid resources. But do you know what works as fuel when they both are low? In deficiency of carbohydrates and lipid sources, proteins are used as the energy sources or fuel.
Protein: How This Nutrient Becomes Energy Source for Body?
In case of excess of protein or carbohydrate deficiency, protein breaks down into a form of carbohydrate and is being used as fuel. The nitrogenous matter splits off from the molecules of protein and remaining carbon units are utilized to generate fuel for body activities. This mechanism results in some loss of energy, and strain on kidney, liver, and other involved organs. The strain eliminates the unused nitrogenous waste.
This is a natural process, but many people use this mechanism as a trick to lose weight. They take a protein rich food and consume a diet with less carbohydrate resources, which is not good to health or a right practice to follow. This may cause shedding pounds

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.1025915
Retrieved Text: Did you know that hydroelectric power plants are the biggest ‘renewable’ energy contributors in the United States? Based on the latest count, hydroelectric energy accounts to 7 percent of the total US energy generation.
And if this energy source is compared with the other renewable energy sources used in the US, it can be noted that this energy accounts to 35 percent of all renewable energy generated. This is one validation that this form of energy is the wave of the future, and countries including the US are looking for ways on how to fully maximize energy generated from hydro plants.
When you say hydroelectric, then this means that the energy is sourced from water. Water is harnessed as it flows through the pipe or called the penstock and then this pushes against and then turns the blades in the turbine which in turn spins the generator to produce electricity. This is a type of renewable energy where the main source-water- is replenished. So the good thing about this energy is that you don’t have to worry about depleting the energy source.
As long as there are water resources, then the power plants will get going and going. Now this is just one of the many advantages of hydroelectric energy. By further reading on this content, you get to realize that there is more to the energy and you will get to learn about some of the drawbacks of this energy source as well.
By learning the hydroelectric energy advantages and disadvantages, you will have a better understanding of what

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.080603
Retrieved Text: In some applications the user may be interested what is the total energy of the input pulse or with power flux obtained with ExH Time Integral post-processing. In particular, that information may be confronted with the total energy dissipated in the considered structure or with ExH Time Integral post-processing. Power Available post-processing provides information about the total energy available (in [nJ]) in the input pulse. The energy available from the source can be read from the status bar of the Results window.
See also Power available from the source and online documentation about energy available from the source.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.066085
Retrieved Text: According to GreenTech Media, Ocean Thermal Energy Conversion is after wave and tidal energies the third form of ocean power. Albeit it was discovered a century ago, there have been few attempts at tapping this energy source.
If you are interested in more news on what seems a promising technology and energy source, please check out www.otecnews.org.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.057549
Retrieved Text: Focus on the students listening skills; Improve students vocabulary and pronunciation; Focus on the students speaking skills so they can communicate about how the topic relates to their own day to day life.
Warmer/Lead In (8-10 minutes) • To encourage the ss to think about the topic energy sources, they are introduced to the term electrical appliances.
They will attempt to relate the term to what they use in their everyday lives during a brainstorm session. To avoid any reluctant speakers from the class in speaking about their own lives, T will talk about what electrical appliances she comes across from the time she wakes up till leaving the house. Ss will then be encouraged to think of their own day to day life and give some of their own examples. CCQs 1.	T will introduce topic about how T themselves use electrical appliances in their day to day lives. 2.	T asks CCQ “What we remember what we do every morning after we wake up to get ready to leave our homes?” 3.	T will give examples such as “So for example, you may get up, get dressed and if you were to wash your hair that morning you would dry it and then get ready to have their coffee/tea or breakfast, right?” 4.	T then asks the key questions, “What do we need to help us do all these things every morning?” T will try to elicit responses, most as most likely to receive response “electricity”. EDCW 1.	T will use EDCW method to elicit the term electrical appliances by asking,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.053609
Retrieved Text: Considering Wind Energy as One of the Forms of Renewable Energy. Wind Energy is a green source. Wind results from uneven heating of atmospheric air by the sun. This uneven heating of the air is what causes the movement of air, popularly known as wind. Harnessing the energy in the moving air or wind does not pollute the environment compared to the use of nuclear power, coal and fossil fuels. Some people have argued that the manufacturing and transportation of equipment used in tapping wind energy cause pollution. This is true but the electricity generation process itself is basically pollution free. Therefore wind energy is a green source of energy. Wind energy has enormous potential. Several research works have shown that the potential for wind energy is incredible.
T his potential has been estimated to be above 400 Terawatts. The harnessing of the wind energy can, therefore, be done virtually anywhere because of this huge potential associated with energy. The other advantage of the use of wind as a source of energy, both in commercial and domestic applications because it is a source that is renewable. Wind occurs naturally due to uneven heating of the air and therefore this source cannot be emptied as it is naturally replenished in the human timeline. Therefore as long as the sun will keep shinning, wind energy will continue to be available for harnessing. Wind energy has also been proven to be space efficient. Large turbines driven by wind power have produced energy sufficient for 600 US homes (Milborrow, 2004). This

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.99558
Retrieved Text: "You Can Change the World for the Better, Without Leaving Your Home!"
I am Amma, the Divine Mother of the divine mothers, and I am your mother. I gave you birth before you came to Earth. I gave you birth in my love as divine love, in my light as radiant light. That’s why you are the light of incarnate love in a human body. I am not talking about the “emotion” of love, although that is a delightful experience. I am talking about the “creative energy” of love.
You are not a human being having a spiritual experience. You are the creative energy of love incarnate having a human experience. The creative energy of love is the most powerful force in all creation. This is why you are powerful light-beings.
Today, we are talking about how you can change the world without leaving your home. You might think you have to leave your home to change the world, to make your mark, or to achieve great success. That’s one way of doing it, but you can do great things right where you live, wherever you are. You don’t have to leave your home to change the world. I’m going to give you the information and tools how you can do this, and you can use them immediately.
You have sacred energy uplifting the planet right now. You are at a higher vibration. You are at a wonderful, wonderful vibration that is uplifting the planet even in your sorrow, your grief, and your concern. The sacred energies of transformation are

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.990756
Retrieved Text: With Be Energy Smart you can get a range of competitive quotes for your ground source heat pump installation with a single click!
All of the installers we work with are fully accredited to carry out your installation to the highest possible standards, with fantastic customer satisfaction.
Fill out our quote request now and save!
If you’re wondering how ground source heat pumps work, how much ground source heat pumps cost or what grants you can get to fund ground source heat pumps Be Energy Smart is the service for you. Our friendly advisers are on hand to advise you on your choice of energy saving home improvement, and will be able to conduct an energy assessment to determine which solution would work best for you. We can provide you with a range of quotes to choose from from qualified installers near you – why not request some quotes now?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.985131
Retrieved Text: 5/26/15 You are more powerful than you have ever imagined. Read below to understand what your level of power and authority parallels. Pretty cool stuff.
Source, God, Divinity, All That Is, are all names used to describe the Intelligent Power that created everything seen and unseen. This Intelligent Power is pure Love. This Intelligent Power is Love in thought form, pure energy.
All That Is as pure Love energy created everything that exists out of Itself. You are made of the same energy vibration as everything else. You and everything else make up the totality of All That Is. You are as much a part of God as All That Is.
You are Source, a part of Source; you make up Source. This is the connection with Source. You do not consciously realize this while in the physical. You have taken on the ego deliberately for this reason, to feel separate from everything else.
Your natural state of being is pure thought energy, consciousness. You are literally as the Bible said, made in the image of God. You are a fractal of Source, a smaller version, a microcosm. Your natural state is Spirit.
As Spirit, you create. You create in the same way Source creates. You use energy, initiated by your thought, to have energy work with you in creating your thought. There is no separation between you, your thought and what you created, except as you believe there is.
You are in constant expansion. Source as All That Is is constantly expanding. Each thought is a part of your consciousness that

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.9556675
Retrieved Text: LAGI 2019 Return to the Source invites you to create an iconic work of art for a landmark site within Masdar City, Abu Dhabi.
Your artwork will use renewable energy technology as a medium of creative expression and will provide on-site energy production consistent with the master plan of the city.
Masdar is the Arabic word for source. As the name of Abu Dhabi’s multifaceted renewable energy company and most ambitious low-carbon development, it is a reference to the Sun, the source of energy that sustains life on Earth, drives the wind and waves, and that over millions of years powered the transfer of ancient carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere and into the ground, creating a climate habitable to humans.
Source also has meaning within the context of the Land Art Generator initiative, which was established in the UAE in 2008. The first LAGI design competition was supported by Masdar and the award ceremony took place at the 2011 World Future Energy Summit, where eight years later the 2019 LAGI design competition is launched.
LAGI 2019 Return to the Source invites you to present your vision for what public art looks like within the public spaces of Masdar City, the global capital of sustainability. The LAGI 2019 book featuring 50–60 submissions will be published with Prestel (a division of Random House) and will be released in January 2020 at the World Future Energy Summit.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.952547
Retrieved Text: Australia has been working towards more environmentally friendly and renewable sources of energy for decades. The goal is to find a renewable source that can cover high demands while limiting or eliminating harmful emissions. Through the decades of research and development Australia has developed many kinds of renewable energy sources. These sources range from solar energy to wind energy to water energy and many more. Each of these energy sources has little to no negative impact on the environment. The goal for a renewable energy source that is good for the environment is closer than many believe.
Environmental and energy systems are vital to renewable energy and environmental health. Many of the source are from the environment itself such as water and wind. This allows the source to be better for the environment as it is not harmful. Australia has combined many environmental resource to produce renewable energy systems. Combining environmental resources with energy production is how we can guarantee a renewable source for future generations. The future generations can continue the production of renewable energy and environmental care.
There are many sources of renewable energy available in the environment. Biomass sources such as wood are a leading source of environmental energy production in Australia. Solar follow biomass resources in the environmental energy systems. Other energy resources derived from the environment include water (hydro), waste water, wind and agricultural waste materials. These systems are unique in the type of sources they use, but they are successful in producing energy for consumption. In waste water and agricultural waste systems

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.945901
Retrieved Text: Stand: That we the Australian Citizens, independently form a Research and Discovery Corporation who's sole objective is to determine our best new energy source. This project to be called The Mackerel Sky Project.
For an Australian company to be a world leader in determining the new source of energy for the planet.
As an investor you will receive confidential reports telling you where the next best energy investment is likely to be.
Imagine it's 1904 and there is an energy revolution going on. One man, JD Rockefeller takes a risk. He decides that the next great energy revolution is in oil refined into gasoline, not kerosene! At the time, everyone believed that kerosene would power the cars and factory's into the future as the main energy source. They were all wrong.
Imagine that today you had the latest, research, trends and information sent to about what the next new energy source will likely be. Would you make some different investments or decisions? It's our intention to form an Australian Led Company to lead the world in new energy research and, we'd like you to be part of it. We call it The Mackerel Sky Project.
Bill Gates talks about an "energy miracle". Not an innovation of an existing technology but the invention of an entirely new energy source. The fact is, there are a number of alternative energies which are tantalisingly close to becoming the new energy source for our planet. Cold Fusion and Superconductivity are just two. Bringing them into commercial production requires the clearest of visions and the boldest

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.913616
Retrieved Text: Because they contain dried fruit and nuts; Snack Bars are good source of Fiber that’s needed per day. The dried fruit and nuts in the bar are a good source of heart-healthy unsaturated fats, as well as vitamin E, an antioxidant that protects your cells. In addition to being an energy-boost source; Snack Bars are a marvellous source of nutrition in a small, delicious package.
What is Snack Bar ?
A Snack Bar is made with healthy, gluten free, non-GMO ingredients for worry-free, healthy snacking. Loaded with wholesome, natural ingredients like fruits, nuts, and whole grains, and luscious elements like chocolate, vanilla and nut butters.
Snack Bars are good source of Fiber that's needed per day, and a great source of heart-healthy unsaturated fats, as well as vitamin E, an antioxidant that protects your cells.
Whatever you crave, a healthy bar made from fruits and nuts, or ancient grains, a crispy-crunchy bite-size snack, or a chewy and sweet fruit treat, it also delivers delicious high-energy snacks with fiber and protein.
In addition to being an energy-booster; Snack Bars are a marvellous source of nutrition in a small, delicious package.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.893362
Retrieved Text: Sustainable and affordable energy is a must have for any successful off-the-grid homestead. Solar tends to be the go-to technology, but with its high price and inaccessibility to some due to location limitations on their property or sub-par weather conditions, it may not be for everyone.
What if you could get 100% of your energy from a source that required zero input whatsoever and could work day and night no matter the external conditions? What if you could use perpetual motion and free energy machines to power your homestead?
Perpetual motion, considered a myth by many modern scientists and intellectuals, is the phenomenon whereby motion continues indefinitely without any external energy source. It has been the life quest for many passionate do-it-yourself electrical geniuses. Guided by Nikola Tesla and others before them, these energy hackers are determined to prove to the world that status quo of inefficient and centralized energy sources will soon go the way of the dinosaurs.
Take a look at the following sources and see for yourself. The prospect of perpetual motion and free energy may not be a myth after all.
This video features ten simple perpetual motion machines that if scaled up, could generate some serious energy!
The following clip is from the documentary “Thrive” which was produced by Foster Gamble. The movie covers free energy, central banking, and explores ways in which society can be organized using peaceful non-hierarchical institutions.
Follow the link for information on Nikola Tesla’s work on Free Energy.
For more information on perpetual motion check out this article from Homestead Notes.
Wow seriously? Do

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.889871
Retrieved Text: Have you ever had a problem you just couldn’t change? You know what I’m talking about; stuff like that extra twenty pounds you just can’t seem to keep off or credit card debt that never goes away or a relationship that makes you feel devastated every time you think of it.
For me it was chronic financial stress. I was constantly worried and focused on money and having enough just to pay for the basics. I felt a level of anxiety every time I opened my checkbook. I was caught up in the idea that “if only” I could make a certain amount of income, everything in my life would become easier and I then I could be happy.
Making money and financial security became my focus, my idol.
Money became my source for the peace and joy I was seeking.
An idol is a construct or focus you pour energy into because you believe it is a source for what you want: identity, power, love, money, peace, relationships, etc.
Idols separate you from direct, divine connection to God.
The only way to heal any problem is from knowing your divine source.
Because I am loved, valued and worthy, I can heal.
Problems that don’t heal: money problems, chronic dieting, chronic relationship distress, depression and chronic physical problems are very likely a form of idolatry. You pour loads of energy and attention into a problem in the hope that solving the problem will make you more worthy, more loved, more acceptable.
All your energy and power is poured into this “problem” that never seems to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.877497
Retrieved Text: energy are essentially the same thing.
keeps us alive every second, sunlight.
through the sun and eventually comes to Earth, sustaining all life on Earth.
which is two protons and two neutrons.
the Helium nucleus, is slightly lighter than the four particles that went into it.
The tiny amount of extra binding energy released is radiant energy.
each reaction is being converted into radiant energy.
it's as if mass is frozen energy.
temperature, that energy can be liberated.
in all stars in the universe.
Let's unpack this equation and see what it means.
It relates energy to mass with a multiplier of c squared.
We know that c, the speed of light, is an incredibly large number.
So, its square is a phenomenally large number.
that means that a tiny mass has an enormous equivalent energy.
any process that liberates mass energy is a phenomenally efficient source of energy.
would power a family home for a year.
slightly less than one hundredth of the mass energy is liberated.
There are situations where all the energy can be liberated.
create pure radiant energy, the complete conversion of mass into energy.
fusion is an extraordinarily efficient energy source.
>> The chemical energy, in that small patty, is a few hundred joules.
That energy might sustain your activity for a few hours.
energy than the chemical energy you'd get from eating it.
That's the phenomenal efficiency of fusion, or mass energy.
generate fusion energy as a routine and reliable energy source.
tiny fractions of a second and not really in a sustainable way.
which is what we rely on now.
the nucleus through E equals mc squared could possibly have a downside.
then the Soviet Union, developed the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.870603
Retrieved Text: You’ve heard it all before, we need to find a new, sustainable, clean source of energy, and fast. People are looking to wind, solar, nuclear, and biofuels. But what do these things mean, really?
Today, I will discuss solar.
The sun is the main source of energy for this entire planet. We get much of our energy from coal and oil which is made of millions-of-years-old plant and animal matter. Animals get their energy from plants, which get their energy from the sun. The wind blowing your hair in your face and turning the wind turbines? That’s from the difference in temperature in different locations (due to the sun) and the rotation of the earth. Hydroelectric power like that made at the Hoover Dam? That’s from rainwater filling up a high altitude river source. What causes rain? The evaporation of water by heat from the sun, of course. As you can see, there are few sources of energy (nuclear and geothermal being the primary exceptions) which are not directly related to energy recently emitted from the sun. The problem with all of these forms of energy is that there is a “middle man” between the sun’s energy and usable electricity. Solar cells, which have been around since the mid-1950’s, attempt to dispose of the middle man allowing us to directly harness the power of the sun.
Ever wondered how an electric incandescent bulb, an electric room heater or an electric stove worked? Ever wondered how they produce so much heat and light? Today, we will explore the working of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.814013
Retrieved Text: One of the attractions of scientific research into dowsing is that the individual can go back to the days of amateur science without the need for large teams, vast budgets, or multinational co-operation. It is an ideal study for individuals to undertake on a part-time basis, with no need for a well-equipped laboratory.
The time also currently seems right for studying dowsing scientifically, as the fascinating and inexplicable aspects of dowsing are no more unbelievable and they have similar concepts to other current research topics in mainstream physics, including the science of consciousness (Do we see something because it is there or does something exist because we sense it?), the “weird” effects of quantum theory, multiple universes, ten-dimensional universes, quintessence and dark energy, and dark matter.
To make progress in understanding dowsing, it is necessary to adopt scientific principles which include the use of mathematics, as the universe, in general, has been best understood and defined by numbers. This, in turn, means that scientific progress needs to be made by undertaking laborious, meticulous, repetitive measurements. Indeed, it was this approach which led to the understanding of astronomy.
There are many challenges in measuring dowsing. At present, the concepts are intangible where, literally, detection of dowsing is “in the mind” of the person making the measurements, with the use of L-shaped rods, pendulums and “Y”-shaped hand-held implements amplifying what the dowser has detected. The author is not aware of any universal instruments that can, independently of human involvement, detect all types of dowsable energy fields, nor are there absolute measurement

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.81013
Retrieved Text: Many people, especially those who are speakers of thermal solar technology as a solar panel to ask. However, for the first time, what is a solar panel House? Is solar gadget, gather and use the energy of the Sun through his rays and convert them to power.
Some gadgets for home solar panel using bebøre, which acts as an alternative source of energy for their small household appliances, effectively supplement the electricity consumption of commercial premises.
Continues to be the owners of the House, which will be invested in residential solar panels, which can be fully repealed even at home with all the teams, hot water and pool. Own your own home and install a solar panel, which acts as the sole source of daily allowance can be very expensive. The solar panel is actually exorbitant prices of several thousand dollars.
Now how the solar panel, you can get the answer simply. Featuring photographs of cells on panels that mainly work collecting energy from the Sun that falls on them, these photographs cells convert solar energy to electricity effectively for home use.
Gadgets can also be considered as an investment since you have to bomb the considerable sum of money to purchase and install as a power source. It is certainly a serious investment as if they should only spend the initial amount of money, the amount needed is really large. After the purchase does not have to worry about how to run gadgets as plots on their own, creating endless supplies of energy in his apartment with the help

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.782065
Retrieved Text: The more than 1 billion personal computers in the world use a tremendous amount of energy [source: Chapman]. Information technology companies, taken together, produce more greenhouse gas emissions than the airline industry [source: Keller]. But which computers are the most energy efficient? It depends what you're looking for.
The average consumer is unlikely to use a supercomputer -- which do anything from complex mathematical computations to modeling the universe after the Big Bang -- so which personal computers are the most green? In a June 2009 test, CNet found that Apple's 20-inch iMac was the most energy efficient all-in-one desktop, with an estimated annual energy cost of $12.78 [source: Brown]. The iMac, along with the other computers tested, qualifies for Energy Star Level-5 certification.
As for laptops, the crown for most energy efficient is always shifting, but look for that Energy Star certification. The environmental group Greenpeace has given credit to Apple, Acer and Toshiba for cutting down on harmful materials like brominated flame retardants and PVC plastics.
For more information about green gadgets and other eco-conscious topics, look over the links below.

================



======= Instance Index 128 =========
Input Text: What is natural gas?

Which is the correct answer?
- a way to gain some warmth by combustion
- warming up by sunlight
- slowly heating to a boiling point
- burning a high fever

Target Text: a way to gain some warmth by combustion

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.309597
Retrieved Text: What is natural gas? Where is it found? And how do they turn gas into electricity?
Here’s the need-to-know stuff about the energy source, natural gas!
Natural gas is colourless and lighter than air. It’s mainly made up of molecules of methane and is found in reservoirs deep under the ground, often alongside oil or coal.
Where do you find natural gas?
Natural gas was first found in Iran. Today it is extracted in Russia, Eastern Europe and Africa as well as the North Sea and the Irish Sea, the Caribbean, and North and South America.
Natural gas can be burned in a turbine that turns a generator to create electricity. The waste heat from this can be used to heat water to produce steam. This steam is used to create more electricity by turning another turbine and generator.
Some natural gas power stations can turn the waste heat into more energy! It uses the heat to boil water and produce steam, creating even more electricity by turning another turbine and generator.
What are the advantages of using natural gas?
Gas-fired power stations can be more efficient and produce more electricity per tonne of carbon dioxide than other fossil fuel power plants.
Gas can be piped into and around the country.
Gas-fired power stations can, in theory, be built anywhere.
What are the disadvantages of using natural gas?
Natural gas is a non-renewable source of energy. This means that one day we will run out of natural gas.
Burning gas produces carbon dioxide gas. This is a greenhouse gas that contributes towards climate change.
Burning gas can pollute the air.
Like

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.259674
Retrieved Text: What Factors Affect the Price of Natural Gas?
The natural gas market is affected by four primary factors: weather, natural gas inventory, natural gas production, and what’s occurring in the market place with other fuels – primarily oil. Changing supply/demand fundamentals, unpredictable weather, the emergence of a global liquid natural gas market, and dynamic natural gas storage data have all contributed to the recent increase in natural gas volatility. The market ebbs and flows much like the stock market. Anyone of these factors can have great influence on how natural gas is priced.
What is the Public Utility Commission?
Should I Choose a Different Supplier?
What is a "rate class"?
How Long are Supplier Energy Agreements?
If I Live in a Municipality or Co-Op Can I Switch Suppliers?
How do I Choose a New Energy Supplier?
What Factors Affect the Price of Electricity?
How Can I Find Out if a Competitive Energy Supplier is Reputable?
How Long is a Contract with a Energy Supplier?
How Will I know if I'm Eligible to Switch My Competitive Energy Supplier?
Does Energy Deregulation Affect Your Service?
What Does Energy Deregulation Mean for Me?
What is a Competitive Market?
What is a Competitive Energy Supplier?
What is a Fixed Price Plan?
What is a Variable Price Plan?
What is the Difference Between a Competitive Energy Supplier and a Local Utility Company?
What is Energy Price Choice?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.083616
Retrieved Text: energy sources and we're first looking at fossil fuel sources.
We looked at coal first, and today we're looking at natural gas.
that we get our energy from to do the things we would like to have in society.
So this is the pie that we've seen before.
Coal is 20, we talked about that, natural gas 26.
So, let's talk about where we get that natural gas, and and what we do with it.
restaurants for cooking and ovens and things.
automobiles and vehicles we have slight, it's actually I think less than .1%.
It rounds off to about .1%, but that's talked about quite a bit today.
where our natural gas goes. As I mentioned before, coal is a solid.
Oil is a liquid and the natural gas is the gas.
And not like gasoline but gas.
time refer to gasoline as gas in, in our everyday vernacular.
can get confused if you call both of them gas.
So, natural gas is the gaseous fuel that comes out of the ground as we'll see.
we move forward, I will use methane and natural gas interchangeably.
because it consists of essentially all of CH4.
It's got a few other minor things in it, but they are almost negligable.
So, when I say methane, or natural gas one, it's redundant.
Either one is what CH4 is. It's odorless, that's the problem.
know it until a spark ignited it and your home would blow up.
So for safety reasons, you put an odor in it.
That's not natural gas you're smelling.
you will smell the gas if it if you have a leak.
And as I noted, it's not gasoline which

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.066328
Retrieved Text: The prevailing scientific theory is that natural gas was formed millions of years ago when plants and tiny sea animals were buried by sand and rock. Natural gas is a combustible, gaseous mixture of simple hydrocarbon compounds, usually found in deep underground reservoirs. Layers of mud, sand, rock and plant and animal matter continued to build up until the pressure and heat from the earth turned them into petroleum and natural gas..
Where is natural gas used?
Natural gas is used extensively in residential, commercial and industrial applications. It is the dominant energy used for home heating with about 55 percent of American homes using gas. The use of natural gas is also rapidly increasing in electric power generation and cooling, and as a transportation fuel.
What is natural gas mainly used for in Florida?
About 46 percent of natural gas delivered to U.S. consumers is used in the industrial sector, providing energy for everything from mining minerals to processing food. Generating electricity consumes about 15 percent. Another 15 percent is used in the commercial market—for heating and cooling office buildings, hospitals and schools, and for cooking in restaurants. Most of the remaining amount—about 22 percent—is used in the residential market, providing energy for home heating, hot water, cooking, clothes drying and air conditioning.
Where does Florida's supply of natural gas originate from?
Three segments of the natural gas industry are involved in delivering natural gas from the wellhead to the consumer. Production companies explore, drill and extract natural gas from the ground. Transmission companies operate the pipelines that link the gas

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.054022
Retrieved Text: The information below answers some of the most common questions about natural gas vehicles for both residential and commercial use.
Q. How do I refuel my personal NGV?
A. You can refuel your natural gas vehicle with compressed natural gas at a public fueling station. If natural gas is available to your home, you can install a natural gas home refueling appliance in your garage or on the outside of your home.
Q. How long does it take to refuel a personal NGV?
A. Refueling at a public natural gas station takes about the same time as filling a regular vehicle at a gasoline station.
Home fueling appliances have a compressor and fueling equipment that usually involve a time-fill over an extended period of six to eight hours.
Q. Does Peoples Gas offer a special vehicle rate?
A. The Florida Public Service Commission has approved a special rate for vehicle only use intended for commercial and fleet use.
Q. What is the natural gas rate for a personal vehicle?
A. The rate for a personal vehicle is dependent upon the total residential therm usage of all the natural gas appliances in your home.
Q. Will I see a separate line item on my bill for vehicle fueling?
A. No, Peoples Gas does not install a separate meter to collect this data.
Q. What is the cost to install a natural gas fueling appliance at my home?
The retail price of the appliance.
Installation costs that include natural gas availability, where the unit is placed and several other factors that vary from one home to the next. Contact a qualified natural

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.026407
Retrieved Text: LNG - Liquified Natural Gas - Fuel & Cargo for Inland Navigation - What is LNG?
Home > LNG > What is LNG?
Natural gas is a major source of energy. Liquefied natural gas or LNG is natural gas that has been converted to a liquid form for the ease of storage or transport by cooling natural gas to approximately −162 °C. Afterwards, it is stored at essentially atmospheric pressure. Liquefied natural gas takes up about one six hundredth the volume of natural gas in the gaseous state. It is odourless, colourless, non-toxic and non-corrosive. Because it is easy to transport, LNG can serve to make economical the natural gas deposits for which the construction of pipelines is uneconomical.
Liquefaction of natural gas to LNG requires cooling the natural gas until it becomes a liquid. These processes include gas conditioning before liquefaction, processing and managing the impurities and liquid hydrocarbons as well as storage and handling of the refrigerants that are used to cool the natural gas to a liquid state. Liquefaction also has the advantage of removing oxygen, carbon dioxide, sulphur and water from the natural gas, resulting in LNG that is almost pure methane.
The refrigerants used in the LNG process typically consist of a combination of the following light hydrocarbons: methane, ethane, ethylene, propane, butane and isopentane. Nitrogen is also a common refrigerant component.
The liquefaction process requires significant compression systems for refrigeration that include large centrifugal compressors typically driven by gas turbines, steam turbines or large electric motors.
When LNG reaches its destination, it is returned to gas

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.973948
Retrieved Text: Unconventional gas refers to natural gas that requires advanced production methods. Main types include gas within tight pore spaces - shale gas and coal bed methane - and gas that is trapped in ice on the sea floor - gas hydrates.
Natural gas is a hydrocarbon gas formed over thousands of years from the burying of dead plants and animals. The intense heat and pressure caused by the burying of this material triggers a reaction, which leads to the creation of natural gas, primarily methane.
Natural gas is referred to as ‘unconventional’ if it relies on special or advanced production techniques to be extracted. This is due to the way the natural gas is deposited Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (2015) "Natural Gas Development"http://www.capp.ca/canadaIndustry/naturalGas/Conventional-Unconventional/Pages/default.aspx Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (2015) "Natural Gas Development"http://www.capp.ca/canadaIndustry/naturalGas/Conventional-Unconventional/Pages/default.aspx Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (2015) "Natural Gas Development"http://www.capp.ca/canadaIndustry/naturalGas/Conventional-Unconventional/Pages/default.aspx Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (2015) "Natural Gas Development"http://www.capp.ca/canadaIndustry/naturalGas/Conventional-Unconventional/Pages/default.aspx Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (2015) "Natural Gas Development"http://www.capp.ca/canadaIndustry/naturalGas/Conventional-Unconventional/Pages/default.aspx .
The term ‘shale gas’ refers to natural gas that is trapped underground in shale deposits. Shale is a fine-grained, very porous rock. While shale deposits have lots of empty spaces to store natural gas, these empty spaces are not well connected which makes extracting the trapped natural gas difficult Alberta Energy (2015) "Shale Gas"http://www.energy.alberta.ca/NaturalGas/944.asp Alberta Energy (2015) "Shale Gas"http://www.energy.alberta.ca/NaturalGas/944.asp Alberta Energy (2015) "Shale Gas"http://www.energy.alberta.ca/NaturalGas/944.asp Alberta Energy (2015) "Shale Gas"http://www.energy.alberta.ca/NaturalGas/944.asp Alberta Energy (2015) "Shale Gas"http://www.energy.alberta.ca/NaturalGas/944.asp .
Similar to shale gas, tight gas is natural gas that is trapped in a rock that does not allow the gas to easily move

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.970678
Retrieved Text: Do you use natural gas in your home?
When people talk about energy and natural gas, opinions differ. Is it harmful to the environment, or the last great clean energy source? Perhaps we shouldn't ask whether natural gas is a good source of energy, but instead examine what makes a good energy source in the first place.
So what is natural gas, anyway? Natural gas, like oil and coal, is a fossil fuel, formed deep below the surface of the earth. Scientists believe that natural gas, much like oil, formed millions of years ago when the remains of ancient plants and animals broke down under pressure and heat. The decaying matter formed gas, which got trapped in porous rocks in areas that were later covered with harder rocks.
Natural gas is primarily made of methane, the lightest hydrocarbon (a compound of hydrogen and carbon). Natural gas has no color or odor. When it’s burned, it gives off a lot of energy that can be used for cooking, heating, generating electricity and other necessities. However, because it’s a fossil fuel, natural gas isn't a renewable resource. It's a good source of energy today; after all, there's plenty of it in the United States. If that wasn't enough, it can be produced and transported affordably.
Natural gas is often praised as a clean energy alternative. It burns more cleanly than other fossil fuels, emitting lower levels of harmful emissions such as carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and nitrous oxides. It produces less greenhouse gases than other fossil fuels do. It doesn't produce ash

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.941092
Retrieved Text: On this website we recommend many pictures abaout natural gas garage heaters that we have collected from various sites Garage Inspiration For You , and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of picture for natural gas garage heaters. If you like the picture on our website, please do not hesitate to visit again and get inspiration from our website.
And if you want to see more images more we recommend the gallery below, you can see the picture as a reference design from your natural gas garage heaters.
Thank you for seeing gallery of natural gas garage heaters, we would be very happy if you come back.
Similar Keyword natural gas garage heaters : best natural gas garage heater reviews, mr heater natural gas garage heater canada, mr heater natural gas garage heater reviews, natural gas garage heater canadian tire, natural gas garage heaters calgary, natural gas garage heaters canada, natural gas garage heaters edmonton, natural gas garage heaters for sale, natural gas garage heaters lowes, natural gas garage heaters menards, natural gas garage heaters reviews, natural gas garage heaters saskatoon, natural gas garage heaters vented, natural gas garage heaters ventless, used natural gas garage heaters for sale, and more.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.909706
Retrieved Text: can galvanized pipe be used for natural gas galvanized pipe galvanized steel pipe for outdoor natural gas is galvanized pipe ok for natural gas.
can galvanized pipe be used for natural gas natural draft gas water heater vent pipe pitch is galvanized pipe safe for natural gas galvanized pipe used for natural gas.
can galvanized pipe be used for natural gas externally internally zinc coating gram galvanized pipes for natural gas can galvanized pipe be used for natural gas galvanized pipes natural gas.
can galvanized pipe be used for natural gas gas piping specifications galvanized steel pipe for outdoor natural gas can i use galvanized pipe for natural gas in california.
can galvanized pipe be used for natural gas typical natural draft water heater vent pipe assembly missing screws at draft hood connection galvanized pipe for natural gas ontario galvanized steel pipe.
can galvanized pipe be used for natural gas what is the difference in black steel pipe galvanized steel pipe galvanized pipe for natural gas ontario is galvanized pipe used for natural gas.
can galvanized pipe be used for natural gas measuring pipes gas and water pipes galvanized pipe natural gas code can galvanized pipe be used for natural gas line.
can galvanized pipe be used for natural gas most people think that any natural gas pipe can be used for gas this certainly the case the size of the pipe dictates the amount of gas that can galvanized.
can galvanized pipe be used for natural gas due to the age of the homes north of galvanized pipes are a common problem below

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.889557
Retrieved Text: Natural gas is a combustible gas that occurs naturally in the Earth's crust and is brought to the surface by means of mining, and, in compliance with the Act on Natural Gas Supply, gases that can be used suitably and safely in any devices following environmental and technical safety requirements, including gases that meet the quality of natural gas but are obtained from biomass and other non-mining sources.
Gases, meeting the quality of natural gas, produced from biomass and other gases obtained from non-mining sources are synthetic mixtures of gases, which, under the conditions specified by the legal regulation implementing the provisions of the Act on Natural Gas Supply, can be supplied to the interconnected natural gas network (can be transported, distributed and stored) properly in compliance with environmental and technical safety requirements, can be mixed with natural gas, and when this mixture is supplied to the natural gas network, it complies with the quality requirements of natural gas specified in the Government Decree implementing the provisions of the Act on Natural Gas Supply.
Who are the key participants of the pipeline gas market?
Users, system operators, system users and producers.
Who is a natural gas trader?
A natural gas trader is a business entity that purchases and sells natural gas for the use of someone else, and whose business activity must be licensed in compliance with the Act on Natural Gas Supply.
Who are the system operators?
Transport system operators, authorized storage facility operators, and natural gas distributors.
Who is a natural gas distributor?
Natural gas is delivered to the user by the natural

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.884716
Retrieved Text: Last week, I told you about a potential bull market in soybeans in 2019.
Natural gas is another sector that looks promising next year.
However, it hasn’t rallied yet.
Natural gas producers look beaten down. The reason is simple: Natural gas prices soared, but natural gas producers’ share prices have not.
You can see what I mean in the chart below.
This situation is perfect for us. Natural gas producers’ prices should find a bottom soon and begin to climb. That’s what we want to see.
However, it’s odd to see a commodity price run up so fast and the producers not follow it. Several external things had to come together to make this happen.
According to the Energy Information Administration (EIA), natural gas reserves set a new record at the end of 2017.
Natural gas reserves jumped 36.1% from 2016 to 2017. The U.S. had 464.3 trillion cubic feet.
To put that in perspective, that’s about 14 years’ worth of production.
So, if we never find another molecule of natural gas (which is unlikely), we still have nearly a decade and a half of supply.
And production is up. According to the EIA, U.S. production hit an all-time high.
At the same time, demand rose to match it.
Natural gas is a seasonal fuel. We use more in the winter than in the summer.
So during the summer, producers put the gas in storage. Then they withdraw it in the winter as needed. We track the volume in storage to gauge supply for the winter.
Last winter, the supply in storage fell to its lowest point since 2014. And this

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.866753
Retrieved Text: Most of us in the propane industry focus on propane and crude fundamentals to provide guidance on the possible direction of propane prices. Most of the time the value of crude is the single most important factor in determining the price level of propane. Crude’s price provides the baseline for propane’s price, with propane’s own fundamentals causing propane’s relative value to crude to move up or down around that base.
It is a matter of consternation for many propane retailers that natural gas liquids (NGLs) are valued against crude and not against natural gas. NGLs such as butane and natural gasoline are used in refining and thus the tie to the value of crude.
Still we can’t ignore what is going on in the world of natural gas. In June, the last officially reported monthly data, 78 percent of fuel-use propane came from natural gas processing and just 22 percent came from refineries. Natural gas production is indeed the engine that drives natural gas supply.
We have noted in recent Trader’s Corners that the rate of growth in fuel-use propane from natural gas plants is slowing. For example, from January to June, fuel-use production has averaged 65,000 barrels per day (bpd) higher than it did during the same period in 2015. During that same time frame in 2015, production was up an average of 185,000 bpd from 2014.
Official natural gas production data shows natural gas production, the engine for propane production, is slowing.
Natural gas production has been slipping since August 2015 as drilling activity has slowed. Last week just

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.795807
Retrieved Text: Home > Learning Center > Your Energy Choice > What is the Average Natural Gas Bill?
What is the Average Natural Gas Bill?
Budgeting for monthly expenses in a new home or apartment can be tricky when it comes to utilities like natural gas. There are so many variables affecting this expense that you can’t learn much from the average natural gas bill in any given area -- it all comes down to how your home is powered, how energy-efficient it is and what your energy habits are.
What Affects the Cost of a Natural Gas Bill?
Gas-powered appliances. Some homes and apartments power their furnaces, water heaters, ovens, stoves and dryers with gas. Others don’t have any gas-consuming appliances at all. It not only matters how many gas appliances you have, but also how energy-efficient each one is.
Climate. Since most residential natural gas consumption goes toward heating homes, those who live in warmer climates tend to use a lot less than those who live farther north.
Home size. When it comes to heating, bigger homes mean bigger bills.
Number of occupants. More people means bigger bills, too.
Home energy efficiency. Once you pay for warm air and hot water, how long does it stick around? Efficiency enhancements like insulation and multi-pane windows make a big difference.
Local natural gas rates. The price of natural gas is constantly in flux, and it not only varies over time, it also varies by geography. There is a huge difference between the cheapest and most expensive natural gas states.
What Is a Normal Gas Bill?
To get a general

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.757538
Retrieved Text: Prerequisites: None, though a basic understanding of the natural gas business as learned in Gas Industry Basics (seminar), Gas Industry Overview (online course), or Understanding Today’s Natural Gas Business (book) is helpful.
Natural gas liquids (NGLs) are naturally occurring elements found in natural gas that are valuable as separate products and can often drive the economics of gas resource development. Given NGLs’ importance, an understanding of NGLs basics and the NGLs value chain is imperative for many in the gas business. Natural Gas Liquids Industry Basics provides participants with insight into what the various NGLs are, how they are produced and delivered to customers, how they are marketed and priced, and how they impact the economics of North American natural gas supply.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.730362
Retrieved Text: During the first week of April, ARI had the privilege of attending the Natural Gas Vehicle Initiative Forum hosted by our customer, Groundwater & Environmental Services, Inc. as well as Whitetail Natural Gas Services. With the Marcellus Shale representing one of the world’s largest energy reserves, Pennsylvania is understandably focusing on natural gas as a foundation for a sustainable transportation strategy.
The roundtable event attracted an impressive list of natural gas stakeholders (public, private, and non-profit) with two shared goals in mind – how to build a statewide natural gas vehicle fueling infrastructure, and how to increase utilization of natural gas vehicles.
This model for making sustainable transportation a reality goes beyond natural gas, and beyond Pennsylvania. It’s a model that can be applied to any type of alternative fuel in any geographic location where stakeholders are willing to work together to make change happen.
What are your thoughts? Have you had the opportunity to be part of a group initiative to effect change? What was your experience?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.713047
Retrieved Text: Published 04/23/2019 12:36:58 am at 04/23/2019 12:36:58 am in Gas Side Burner.
gas side burner char broil 2 in 1 charcoal and 3 burner 36000 btu gas deluxe combo grill with side burner at tractor supply co side burner covers covers burner gas grill kitchen aid grills side burner covers covers burner gas grill kitchen aid grills propane in stainless steel silver with side and grill side burner covers outdoor side burner.
, amazoncom slidein gas double side burner gas type natural slidein gas double side burner gas type natural, shop alfresco axesbng btu wide builtin natural gas alfresco axesbng btu wide builtin natural gas, dcs bhrscad traditional inch gas grill on cart with dcs traditional inch gas grill on cart with rotisserie and side burner, british bbq society forums view topic new gas bbq what is missing new gas bbq what is missing, holiday savings on lion premium grills advanced q brick burner lion premium grills advanced q brick burner builtin gas grill with side, revoace burner gas grill with side burner red sedona walmartcom revoace burner gas grill with side burner red sedona, lion stainless steel drop in natural gas double side burner bbq guys lion stainless steel drop in natural gas double side burner, dcs bgc cart mounted single side burner dcs cart mounted single side burner, bull premium inch burner builtin gas bbq grill with rotisserie bull , the best budget barbecue grill ive found charbroil performance finally we have to route the electrical work for the starter most of the wiring is prerun

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.71075
Retrieved Text: Natural Gas is a vital component of the world's supply of energy. It is one of the cleanest, safest, and most useful of all energy sources. Despite its importance, however, there are many misconceptions about natural gas. For instance, the word 'gas' itself has a variety of different uses, and meanings. When we fuel our car, we put 'gas' in it. However, the gasoline that goes into your vehicle, while a fossil fuel itself, is very different from natural gas. The 'gas' in the common barbecue is actually propane, which, while closely associated and commonly found in natural gas, is not really natural gas itself. While commonly grouped in with other fossil fuels and sources of energy, there are many characteristics of natural gas that make it unique. Below is a bit of background information about natural gas, what exactly it is, how it is formed, and how it is found in nature.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.611626
Retrieved Text: If you want to conserve on energy and reduce energy bills then choosing the SunStar SC10T-1-NG 9,500 BTU Vent Free Natural Gas Room Heater as a supplemental source of heat is a great choice. This quality natural gas heater is highly efficient and can provide powerful supplemental heating to any medium to large sized room. With up to 9,500 BTU's of heating power, you are sure to be impressed with the power of this compact natural gas room heater.
If you want to eliminate energy bills or simply reduce them, you can add powerful supplemental heating to any space with the SunStar SC10T-1-NG 9,500 BTU Vent Free Natural Gas Room Heater. This top of the line natural gas room heater is designed to offer exceptional warmth and comfort on cold days when extra heating is required.
The SunStar SC10T-1-NG 9,500 BTU Vent Free Natural Gas Room Heater can be conveniently mounted on the wall in any room of your home, office or outdoor workspace. Or, if you prefer you can use the floor stand included with this natural gas room heater to enjoy freestanding heat wherever it is needed. The choice is yours when you choose the SunStar SC10T-1-NG 9,500 BTU Vent Free Natural Gas Room Heater.
Because the SunStar SC10T-1-NG 9,500 BTU Vent Free Natural Gas Room Heater doesn't require any electricity to produce powerful heating capacity; it is a great choice for power outages. If your lights go out at your house, your heat will too because most heaters have an electric thermostat. However, when you have

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.601025
Retrieved Text: Hostel Fuel Steam Boiler Supplier. thermal fuel boiler prices | China Steam Boiler Supplier. Posted on November 22, 2018 | By China Steam Boiler Supplier | No comments 2018 Gas Boiler Prices Costs – Natural Gas, High 2018-11-17 A gas boiler is similar to a gas furnace in that it is a system that uses natural .
Hostel Natural Gas Hot Water Atmospheric Boiler Supplier; Hostel Natural Gas Hot Water Atmospheric Boiler Supplier. Google. Search the world's information, including webpages, images, videos and more. Google has many special features to help you find exactly what you're looking for.
Hostel Natural Gas Steam Atmospheric Pressure Boiler Supplier In Austria Filling Bottle Natural Gas Steam Atmospheric Pressure boiler lfl 1.335 price in pakistan – Industrial gas fired The needed steam pressure is between 0.3MPa and 0.6MPa.
Hostel Natural Gas Steam Water Boiler In Japan. water tube peanut shell fired hot water boiler supplier . Williamson GSA-150-NIP 150,000 BTU Natural Gas Steam Atmospheric Boiler See more like this Williamson / Weil-McLain Gas Steam Boiler 75K GSA-075-N Brand New $1,900.00 Buy It Now +$250.00 shipping See more like .
Hostel Natural Gas Steam Water Tube Boiler Dealer In Madagascar. Hostel Natural Gas Atmospheric Water Tube Boiler . Results for boiler regulation equipment from aqoControl, Astra, Biodom and other leading brands. Compare and contact a supplier in Europe Bioenergy .

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.594078
Retrieved Text: Here are the countries whose economies are most fueled by natural gas.
Natural gas used to be an unwanted byproduct of oil production. Many oil companies simply burned it off because there wasn't a market for the gas. That has changed in recent years as the world has realized just how valuable this fuel is to modern society. Today the cleaner-burning, versatile fuel is used as a home heating fuel, a vehicle fuel, and a petrochemical feedstock, and for generating electricity. In 2013 alone, 3,346.6 billion cubic meters of natural gas were consumed globally, according to BP's (NYSE:BP) latest Statistical Review of World Energy. Here are the top five natural gas-consuming countries in the world.
Natural gas drilling rig in Pennsylvania. Photo credit: Flickr user Nicholas A. Tonelli.
Japan consumed 116.9 billion cubic meters of gas in 2013. That was up 0.2% from its consumption in 2012 and represented 3.5% of the global total. Japan's numbers are up substantially since 2010 when it consumed just 94.5 billion cubic meters of gas. Virtually all of the country's natural gas was imported as Japan produces little of its own gas supplies. In fact, it's the world's No. 1 LNG importer and since 2012 has accounted for 37% of the global that market.
One reason Japan's natural gas consumption has increased so much over the past few years is because of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant accident in 2011. The country has shifted away from nuclear and is now using natural gas as a primary fuel for electricity generation.
China consumed 161.6 billion

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.589344
Retrieved Text: Understanding Your Natural Gas Bill | Spire Inc.
We promise to be transparent about our rates and charges.
You deserve to understand what goes into your monthly natural gas bill. Let’s take a closer look at how your natural gas bill is calculated.
Delivery: About 51 percent of your bill covers the delivery and service costs to operate, maintain and upgrade natural gas pipelines across our service area.
Usage: Roughly 41 percent is your actual gas usage. The cost of natural gas is passed on to you with no mark up.
Taxes: The remaining 8 percent of your bill is the amount of municipal tax or gross receipts tax assessed by the municipality in which you receive service. This amount is collected and paid directly to the municipality.
What else affects your gas usage?
The larger the home, the more energy it takes to maintain a cozy temperature.
When it’s cold outside, homes with natural gas furnaces use more energy than during warmer months.
The age and efficiency of your home’s appliances impacts how much energy you use, too.
Insulation blocks chilly, drafty air from your home - so you don’t have to crank up the furnace just to stay comfortable.
See your monthly rate and read through our rules and regulations.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.579973
Retrieved Text: The cities continue to renew. Natural gas is trying to bring every city. A new work is on the way. In the coming days, some of the cities have been mentioned as natural gas futures. In line with the increasing needs more natural gas across Turkey 7 new district will be taken to it said. Dissemination of Turkey's natural gas usage in use in many cities is the fact that in order to continue the project. New decisions have been made for some of the districts.
In order to keep the provinces and districts without natural gas in the whole country, the studies about natural gas transportation with new projects and provinces continue uninterruptedly. EPDK decided to buy natural gas in 7 new districts decided to take. With the new decision, the natural gas pipeline will be drawn to these cities. It is expected that these regions will become more popular with the arrival of the natural gas line.
In the direction of the last minute decision taken by the Energy Market Regulatory Authority (EPDK), natural gas will be given to 4 new district in Diyarbakır province and 3 new district in Çorum. Given this natural gas and 7 more important districts will meet the need for more natural gas. By the end of 2019, the number of districts to benefit from natural gas is targeted to exceed 550. With the decision taken by EPDK, the districts of Çorum, Mecitözü, Dodurga and Oğuzlar and Diyarbakir's Ergani, Silvan, Bismil and Çermik regions were included among the regions that will

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.570864
Retrieved Text: eComfort is an online 400000 BTU High Efficiency Natural Gas Boiler superstore, specializing in 500000 BTU High Efficiency Natural Gas Boilers, 1000000 BTU High Efficiency Natural Gas Boilers and 1500000 BTU High Efficiency Natural Gas Boilers.
natural gas, propane, biodiesel, fuel oil numbers 2, 4, and 6 and Bunker C oil, waste liquid & gas products; can also run on electricity. Horizontal or vertical configurations are available, as are stand-alone or skid mounted units.
The Slant/Fin VHS high performance, cast-iron, power vent gas boiler is the perfect boiler for new construction or replacement boiler for older homes. The Slant/Fin VHS has design innovations developed with the installer in mind that make it easier to install and service.
Find used Natural Gas Boiler for sale on eBay, Craigslist, Amazon and others. Compare 30 million ads · Find Natural Gas Boiler faster ! Speed up your Search. Find used Natural Gas Boiler for sale on eBay, Craigslist, Amazon and others. Compare 30 million ads · Find Natural Gas Boiler faster !| #Used.forsale.
Jan 14, 2009· what is involved in converting a boiler that runs on propane to natural gas? i want to buy this used one to put in my house and run it off of natural gas. the guy said it used to run on natural gas but was converted to propane, so i assume i could convert it back.
Used Natural gas boiler for sale in Linden - Natural gas boiler posted by robert mackiewicz in Linden. Sabre boiler by hydrotherm. Hot water heat work well. Vent pipe and thermostat included.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.569603
Retrieved Text: CrypticImagesLatest NASCAR Las Vegas news and image galleries.
Why Natural Gas Should Be An Ally Of The Environmental Movement.
Gas - Wikipedia. Drifting smoke particles provide clues to the movement of the surrounding gas.
Marcellus Gas for How Long?.
Home | www.trugaspng.com. What is LPG?
The Farce Of The "Golden Age Of Gas" | DeSmogBlog.
The pros and cons of gas vs. electric cooking - Reviewed.com Ovens.
Is natural gas a good source of energy? | HowStuffWorks. Do you use natural gas in your home?
Molten Salt Reactors and Natural Gas - eGeneration.
Lower costs for heating oil to slow natural gas conversion.
New Mexico Gas Company - Welcome to New Mexico Gas Company. Smell Gas? Get OUT! Then call 1-888-664-2726.
Natural Gas - America's Clean, Reliable & Affordable Energy Source. To put this amount in perspective, in 2015 the U.S. consumed only 27.5 trillion cubic feet of natural gas.
GE Oil and Gas - Wikipedia.
Natural Gas: Price Risks as La Niña Looms - CME Group.
With Expanding Exports, The Natural Gas Revolution Marches Forward.
Chem4Kids.com: Matter: Gases. Clouds are actually large amounts of tiny water droplets.
Find Gas Stations Near Me | Exxon and Mobil Fuel Finder. Find gas stations in the United States.
Meet methane: The potent greenhouse gas hangs in some regulatory limbo.
Washington Gas parent to be acquired by AltaGas in $6.4B deal .... Washington Gas is being sold to a Canadian company.
Home | U.S. Gas & Electric, Inc.. U.S. Gas & Electric, Inc. offers one-stop shopping for homes and businesses, supplying natural gas and electricity, as well as renewable products.
ARCO Gas Stations | Quality TOP TIER® Gas For

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.557676
Retrieved Text: Natural gas market deregulation is a great opportunity to find a better natural gas plan for your home or business. Deregulation gives you the freedom to choose your natural gas supplier. You no longer have to purchase natural gas exclusively from your local Hamilton utility. When natural gas suppliers compete for your business, you can find a variety of rates and more favorable terms on your natural gas supply. Spark Energy in Hamilton is just one of the many suppliers throughout the state of Ohio.
See what Spark Energy in 45011 has to offer and compare other natural gas suppliers in your surrounding area when you choose a city from the list below.
OhioGasCompanies.com can help you find information about all kinds of providers. Spark Energy in 45011 is just one option. Explore a world of natural gas and electric suppliers competing for your business in Hamilton. When you know your options, you can find the best plan to fit the way your family or commercial business uses energy. A more convenient natural gas and electricity plan could be just a phone call away. Discover today how easy it is to make the switch to a natural gas and electricity supplier that can give you a great rate.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.554317
Retrieved Text: Recently, there comes one new types of glass beads in the market of reflective glass beads, that is Darker Glass Beads Produced by Coking Gas.
It is known that, Natural Gas is raw material for producing glass beads,but the goverment limits the natural gas,so only a few companies can get natural gas resourses. Most of glass beads companies can not get the natural gas. Thus, they have been looking for another gas instead of Natural Gas. Finally, they find it out since last year. That is Coking Gas, which is recycled gas from coking plant. The glass beads produced with coking gas are darker than glass beads with Natural gas, and there are much more bubbles in the glass beads. You can find the difference when you see them together.
However, because of lower cost of coking gas, the price of glass beads with coking gas is lower than that with natural gas. Some customers who only like low price and low quality perfer the darker glass beads very much, they don't care the colour.
What do you think of it? If you also like the darker glass beads with coking glass beads, please let us know. but we will never recommand it.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.553986
Retrieved Text: There are many factors which contribute to the price you see in your natural gas bill. You aren’t just paying for the cost of gas itself (which changes according to a number of economic factors), but also the cost of storing it, transporting it, as well as adjustments made due to expected future changes in cost. This breakdown is designed to help you better understand some of these contributing factors.
Gas Supply Charge: This is what you pay for the gas itself. If you purchase your gas from your local utility, you are charged according to the regulated rate imposed by the Ontario Energy Board. If you purchase gas from a commercial retailer, then you will charged according to the rate you agreed to in your contract.
Delivery Charge: Delivery charges cover the total cost of natural gas storage, transportation, and distribution.
Customer charges: These are charges regulated by the Ontario Energy Board that you must pay, regardless of how much natural gas you have used. This charge covers administrative costs such as system maintenance, customer service, and meter reading.
When the cost of any of these factors changes, the overall price you pay on your natural gas bill changes as well. Overall, the prices paid by Ontario consumers for natural gas have been on the decline over the last decade. This is largely due to a major decline in the market rate of natural gas, which has had a major impact on consumer prices, from a high of over 40 cents per cubic metre in early 2006, down to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.549944
Retrieved Text: Do We Even Need the Clean Power Plan?
The Trump administration intends to scrap the Clean Power Plan, the Obama era policy to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from electrical power generation — mostly from existing coal plants — by 32 percent by 2030, below 2005 levels. The Clean Power Plan was supposed to help the U.S. meet its commitment to the Paris Climate Agreement. But researchers at Carnegie Mellon University found that the U.S. can still meet, or maybe even beat, its emissions reduction targets without the Clean Power Plan. They looked at emissions data from the government’s 2017 Annual Energy Outlook, and published their findings in Environmental Science & Technology.
The Allegheny Front’s Kara Holsopple recently sat down with one of the lead researchers to learn more. Paul Fischbeck is a professor in engineering and public policy, and social and decision sciences at Carnegie Mellon.
Paul Fischbeck: It turns out that the emissions from power generation have decreased considerably over the last five to eight years, from 2.7 billion tons down to an estimated 1.9 billion tons. A major factor in this reduction is the low price of natural gas, and the market forces that allow natural gas to replace some of the coal generation.
Kara Holsopple: Natural gas is cheap now, so that’s the preferred energy source over coal because of the market. But what if prices increase or even stay the same?
PF: There are a lot of moving parts here. So one is what happens to the economy? If the economy really starts to boom, electricity demand

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.541853
Retrieved Text: If your outdoor living space includes an inground pool, do you suffer from pool withdrawal after Georgia’s summer draws to a close each year? Does March find you staring out the window at that pool, longing for warmer days that allow you to take a swim after a hard day’s work?
Unfortunately, if your pool is unheated, longing is all you’re likely to do until sometime in May. But there’s a cure for that, says a local pool builder.
Investing in a natural gas pool heater can easily extend outdoor “swim season” in northern Georgia, allowing comfortable swimming eight months out of the year, says Bill White, owner of Southern Splash Pools in Athens.
usually by late March and continue swimming well into the fall season.
Using a pool heater allows north Georgia water lovers to jump in usually by late March and continue swimming well into the fall season, says White.
“A heater allows you to swim longer, and if you swim longer you can get more use and pleasure out of your pool,” he adds.
White has been installing pools and spas in northern Georgia for 20 years. In all those years, natural gas has always been king as the fuel choice for pool heaters.
“Ninety-five percent of the time it’s gas,” he said, explaining that Georgia homeowners prefer gas-fired heaters because they are the quickest, most efficient way to take the chill off of pool water.
The U.S. Department of Energy reports that gas-fired pool heaters are the most popular system for heating swimming pools across the nation. Their popularity is

================



======= Instance Index 405 =========
Input Text: Weathering is

Which is the correct answer?
- wheat growing in a field
- peat moss growing on river rocks
- air plants growing in a shell
- a dandelion growing thru a line in asphalt

Target Text: a dandelion growing thru a line in asphalt

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.34226
Retrieved Text: bleaching oil vs weathering stain 5 grey wood stain options on pine wood cabot bleaching oil vs weathering stainless steel.
bleaching oil vs weathering stain briarsmoke wood stain comparison cabot bleaching oil vs weathering stain olympic.
bleaching oil vs weathering stain photo of someone staining their deck with wood stain cabot bleaching oil and weathering stains.
bleaching oil vs weathering stain deck staining like a pro how to stain your deck cabot bleaching oil and weathering stain grey.
bleaching oil vs weathering stain varathanes new products inspire faux finishing cabot bleaching oil and weathering stain.
bleaching oil vs weathering stain cabot 223086 10241 1g bleaching stain bleaching oil vs weathering stain on house.
bleaching oil vs weathering stain diy terrarium the best gray stain faux greenery just diy it pinterest diy grey stain and terrarium diy bleaching oil vs weathering stain vs bleaching.
bleaching oil vs weathering stain 9fcbff2cfe7962148db17205f513d81f farm tables kitchen tablesjpg cabot bleaching oil vs weathering stain on house.
bleaching oil vs weathering stain cabot bleaching oil and weathering stain vs bleaching.
bleaching oil vs weathering stain why deck stains peel bleaching oil vs weathering stain cedar.
bleaching oil vs weathering stain staining a hardwood floor with vinegar and steel wool bleaching oil vs weathering stain vs bleaching.
bleaching oil vs weathering stain paint your door and shutters the same happy colour bleaching oil vs weathering stain grey.
bleaching oil vs weathering stain sodium percarbonate wood cleaners also known as oxygen bleach wood cleaners are a great choice for this step they are highly effective at cleaning the cabot bleaching oil vs weathering stain for wood.
bleaching

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.747492
Retrieved Text: ‘Weathering is the process of alteration and breakdown of rock and soil materials at and near the Earth’s surface by chemical decomposition and physical disintegration’ (Geological Society Engineering Group Working Party Report, 1995).
Of particular note in this definition is that weathering is described as a process. It is not a method for describing the engineering properties of a rock mass. As such, describing the state of weathering must never be a substitute for an adequate description of the intrinsic physical/mechanical properties of a rock mass using the standard descriptors set out in this guideline (e.g. strength, defects, fabric, rock type). If the degree of weathering cannot be determined, for example because the unweathered version of a particular rock type has not been seen, it is best left out of the description.
It is recognised that the state of weathering of all rock masses (and ‘soil’ masses such as coarse alluvial and pyroclastic deposits) cannot be accurately described using a common weathering scale, and this should not be attempted if ambiguity results. What is important is to fully describe the effects of weathering.
There are many methods and scales for describing the weathering of rock masses.
This post is aimed at the overall description of a rock mass, a description of weathering which addresses both changes in the rock material and in the discontinuities is preferred.
If there remains a significant difference in weathering of the defects as compared to the weathering category for the overall rock mass, then this should be pointed out as part of the description (e.g. 200

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.742575
Retrieved Text: Erosion and Deposition Powerpoint ppt weathering erosion and deposition powerpoint weathering erosion and deposition weathering weathering is the wearing away of rock and can be chemical or mechanical these mountains in costa rica were.
So ideas if you would like receive all these awesome photos related to Erosion and Deposition Powerpoint, simply click save link to download these shots for your pc. They’re available for download, if you appreciate and wish to get it, click save badge on the article, and it will be immediately saved in your laptop computer.
weathering erosion and deposition powerpoint weathering erosion and deposition powerpoint weathering erosion & deposition created by jennifer sallas 2015 weathering e break down of rocks and minerals due to. weathering erosion & deposition weathering erosion & deposition the wearing down and building up of earth erosion discuss with your table what is the connection between weathering and erosion.
Thanks for visiting our site, contentabove Erosion and Deposition Powerpoint published by admin. At this time we’re pleased to announce that we have found an incrediblyinteresting contentto be pointed out, namely Erosion and Deposition Powerpoint Many people attempting to find information about and certainly one of them is you, is not it?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.708971
Retrieved Text: You can do a lot of weathering with nothing but acrylic paints. Increasing your skills by using other mediums including oils, pastels, weathering powders and good old RustAll increase the looks and realism of your work.
The techniques I’ve used to generate the weathering effects are not speedy, but they do give me great satisfaction and produce great effects.
For the top down phase I use the roof weathering to set the general decrepitude of the car. The longer the car has been in service, or since its last refurb, the greater the weathering. The roof weathering also effects the side and end weathering of the car (as the rust run off to the sides and ends during rain and so on). It is worth thinking of the traction pulling your cars. If you model the steam era, or under catenary, your weathering will be different.
Head over to part 5 of my Multi-Media Weathering tutorial (Weathering a diesel era freight car roof) to read through the process.
Bottom up weathering is dependent on the area you are modelling, and where ‘primarily’ your car runs. Cars running mostly in the Pacific northwest of the USA will weather in a manner different to those running in Texas, and the drier Southwest of the USA. Similarly those running in the Gulf Coast regions and in the Florida lower East coast will differ in their weathering treatment. Understanding how your cars were used, their lading and handling, and their areas of operation make for a more interesting (in my opinion) subject to weather.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.666925
Retrieved Text: Shop Over 1 Million Items At Zoro, 7,000+ Trusted Brands, Hassle Free Returns.S235J2W steel is a structural weathering steel ... the steel from corrosion. S235J2W steel plate, EN 10155 ... standard deform reinforcing steel bar sizes;EN 10155 standard specification used for Steel Resistant to Atmospherical Corrosion, S355J2G1W,S355J2G2W,S355K2G1W,S366K2G2W. BS EN 10155 Technical deS355J0W weathering steel under EN 10155 standard, ... S235J2W steel plate,low alloy weld-ability ... A588 Gr.C Weathering Resistant Steel Plate Corrosion Resistance ;Standard: ASTM, JIS, BS, GB, EN ... Corten B steel plate Heat Treatment: ... A588 Gr.C Weathering Resistant Steel Plate Corrosion Resistance ;low allory steel stock price and supplier,BBN steel offer EN 10155 S235J0W Weathering Corrosion ... s235j2W steel plate; ... Anti Corrosion Weather steel plate ;... Thickness 8mm-300mm, Width: 1500-4020mm, ... Home > Products > Weather resistant steel plate > EN 10155 Weathering steel > EN 10155 Weathering steelEN S355J2G1W Introduction S355J2G2W Steel sheet adopts standard EN100155, as a structural weathering steel with super property because of chemical compositions, Chromium, Nickle, Copper ect. anti-corrosion alloying elements.... corrosion resistance udder EN 10025-2 standard. ... Mpa,and the EN10025-5 S235J2W tensile strength for the ... weathering steel, and anti-corrosion ...EN10155 Standard S355J2W steel plate ... Weather resistant steel plate > EN 10155 Weathering steel ... corrosion of the steel. S355J2G1W EN 10155 ...Aakash steel is leading suppliers and manufacturers of Corten Steel Plate..aakash steel ... own atmospheric corrosion resistant weathering ... EN 10155, S355K2G1W ...Weather Resistant Steel Plate( Weathering Steel ... Ni and other anti- corrosion elements to common steel, ... EN 10155 S355K2G2W Weather

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.6272
Retrieved Text: Find Information Now. Browse Top Results and Explore Answers Now!Search for Weathering. Look Up Quick Answers Now!Grade: ASME SA588 Grade B Type : Steel sheet Steel ... ASME SA588 Grade C Anti-corrosion ... Environmentalists often prefer weathering steel for it eliminates ...Grade: ASME SA588 Grade B Type : Steel sheet Steel Plate Standard : ASME Specification: Thickness: 4-200mm Width: 1500mm-3000mm Length: 6000mm-12000mmMild Steel Sheet ASME SA588 GrA Weathering Corrosion Resistance Anti Corrosion Weather steel platea588 grade b steel plate . ... A588GrB steel plates with the thickness form 8mm~200mm are used as high weathering bridge ... ASME SA588 Grade B Corten Plate; ASME ...own atmospheric corrosion resistant weathering steels. ... Corten Steel Plate Grade and Specification ... ASME SA588 Grade B Corten Plate... offer SA588 Grade C mild anti weathering corrosion steel ... Steel Sheet SA588 Grade C mild anti ... ASME SA588/SA588M:SA588 Grade A,SA588 Grade B,SA588 ...Corten steel, Weathering steel, Weathering resistant steel, atmosphere corrosion resistance steel SA588 grade A,SA588 grade B, SA588 grade C,SA588 grade KASTM A588 material is a kind of low alloy high strength structural weathering resistance steel,or corten steel,or atmosphere corrosion resistance steel.There is two grades they are ASTM A588 grade A,ASTM A588 grade B,ASTM A588 grade C1.1 This specification covers high ... corrosion resistance of this steel in most environments is ... Rolled Structural Steel Bars, Plates, Shapes, and Sheet ...Weathering steel has anti-rust, so that components corrosion-resistant life.The main grade ... Weathering resistant steel. Weathering steel has ... SA588 Gr.B. Corten B.SA588 grade C steel under ASME ... corrosion

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.612217
Retrieved Text: S355K2G2W anti weathering corrosion steel plate, steel,Hot sell S355K2G2W anti weathering corrosion steel plate, pressure vessel steel plate grades stock in China,China S355K2G2W anti weathering corrosion steel plate, pressure vessel steel plate grades factory. Keeps more than 10,000 tons hot rolled and cold rolled S355K2G2W anti weathering corrosion steel plate, pressure vessel steel plate grades in stock each month. We can meet our customer's any quantity request. Based on these stock source, our advantage industry spread into steel process like : cutting ( any size and any shape ) drilling, welding, milling, machining and steel structure. We also have a high quality logistics team who make sure the fast delivery time and shipment. Anyway, if you want to find S355K2G2W anti weathering corrosion steel plate, pressure vessel steel plate grades plate/sheet supplier, S355K2G2W anti weathering corrosion steel plate, pressure vessel steel plate grades plate/sheet bar manufacturer, S355K2G2W anti weathering corrosion steel plate, pressure vessel steel plate grades plate/sheet bar exporter, please contact steel's sales team. We will give you the S355K2G2W anti weathering corrosion steel plate, pressure vessel steel plate grades plate competitive price, S355K2G2W anti weathering corrosion steel plate, pressure vessel steel plate grades plate good quality and best service from us.
EN 10155 S355K2G2W Anti Corrosion Weather Weathering mild Due to its good anti corrosion property, Corten A steel plate has EN 10155. S235J2W; S355J0WP Corten B weathering steel plate application S355K2G2W weathering corten steel plate we offer high quality, own atmospheric corrosion resistant weathering steels.
Weathering, Corrosion Resistant Steel Plate;BBN steel offer all kinds of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.585842
Retrieved Text: Often proceeding at small, subtle and slow rates, weathering fragments or dissolves rock: a hugely influential geological process that commonly sets the stage for erosion and provides the critical “parent material” for developing soils. The type of rock certainly influences the kind, degree and pace of weathering it will be vulnerable to, although many other factors come into play – not least the surrounding climate.
Weathering breaks down rock through mechanical or chemical processes. Different types of rock have different resistance to weathering, but many other factors besides basic mineral content influence weathering rates, including climate.
Weathering takes apart rock by mechanical disintegration or chemical decomposition. Mechanical (or physical) weathering refers to rock fragmentation by such forces as ice- or salt-wedging and the unloading of pressure on rocks formed far underground and then exposed at the Earth’s surface. Chemical weathering, meanwhile, covers processes that weather rock through chemical reactions, as when minerals in rocks are dissolved or replaced through exposure to air or water.
The relative resistance or “toughness” of a given rock to weathering certainly depends partly on what kind of rock it is. That’s because rock type is determined by the composition and proportion of the constituent minerals, and different minerals vary in how they stand up to weathering. Quartz, for example, is more resistant that micas, which in turn are more resistant than feldspars. But you can’t really make a general ranking of rock types by resistance to weathering because of all the other variables involved.
Not all rocks within a given type, such as granite and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.560278
Retrieved Text: Weathering refers to the changes in rocks at or near earth’s surface as they are exposed to the atmosphere, water, or organisms. Weathering can occur by physical or chemical processes and depends on the climate and other factors. Soil is formed by weathering processes.
Physical weathering occurs when rocks are broken into smaller pieces with no chemical changes. Physical weathering is also called mechanical weathering or disintegration. Several processes cause physical weathering including: frost action, exfoliation, and organic activity.
• Frost action occurs when water freezes and expands in open spaces in rocks, pushing fragments apart.
• Daily or seasonal heating and cooling causes rocks to expand and contract, breaking them along grain boundaries.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.506884
Retrieved Text: SSAB Weathering and COR-TEN® are corrosion resistant steels that save costs from day one. This makes them ideal bridge material. Unlike most steel structures, SSAB Weathering steels do not need painting – which significantly reduces maintenance costs. And if a weathering steel bridge or structure is painted, re-painting is required much less frequently than with conventional steel.
As high-strength is essential for bridge and structure material, SSAB Weathering and COR-TEN® steels have a yield strength up to 960 MPa. This enables the design of lighter structures that are easier to transport and erect. Furthermore, just like conventional steel, weathering steel facilitates many of the demands of new bridge structure projects, such as rapid construction, flexible design, variable construction depths, and on top of that it looks amazing. SSAB Weathering steels are used by proud bridge builders and financiers around the world.
Thanks to the outer layer of rust that is created in the oxidization phase of aging, SSAB Weathering and COR-TEN® steel structures do not need painting. The patina behaves in a similar way to paint, protecting the steel below the surface. However, it doesn’t peel or crack and need replacing. This obviously saves considerable maintenance costs both in terms of money and time. In fact, as the oxidation process occurs naturally in weathering steels, no treatment is required and initial production costs are therefore lower.
If paint is used on an SSAB Weathering steel bridge or structure, painting is required less frequently.
SSAB Weathering and COR-TEN® steels have a much smaller environmental footprint than conventional steel. The emissions and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.484468
Retrieved Text: GB/T 4171 Q355GNH Corten steel plate has better corrosion resistance.GB-T 4171 ... China GB/T 4171 Q310GNH Weathering steel round ... price and factory; a558a steel ...Q415NH Weathering steel plate for better corrosion ... These elements change the basic properties of the original carbon steel. ... GB/T 4171-2008. Weathering Steel ...BBN is the China Iron and steel supplier/factory,offer GB T 4171 ... Cheaper GB/T 4171 Q295NH steel sheet price ... Weathering Steel Plate/Coil: Q295GNH: ...China Anti-Corrosion Steel Plate/Weather Resistant Steel Plate/Corten Steel Plate, Find details about China Weathering Steel Plate, Corrosion ... GB/T 4171 : Q235NH ...BBN steel a China steel factory,offer steel plate stock ... TB/T 1979 09CuPCrNi-A 05CuPCrNi GB/T 4171 ... Alloy steel EN10083-3 51CrV4 GB/T 3077 12Cr1MoV 20Cr ...Q295nh Steel, Wholesale Various High Quality Q295nh Steel Products from Global Q295nh Steel Suppliers and Q295nh Steel Factory,Importer,Exporter at Alibaba.China Atmospheric Corrosion Resistance SMA490ap Steel Sheet, Find details about China Sma490bp Weathering Steel, ...Bebon steel can supply Hot rolled GB/T1591 Q420A carbon alloy steel tube, ... GB/T 4171 Q345GNHLJ Weathering steel plate, ... Q295GNH Weathering Steel Plate ;... Find details about China Anti-Corrosion Steel Plate, Weathering Steel Plate from ... Weathering Steel Plate, Weathering Steel Sheet ... GB/T 4171 : Q235NH ...China A242 S355j2wp ASTM A588 Weathering Corten Steel Sheet, ... 10mm Thick Hot Rolled Anti-Corrosion Corten B Steel Plate for Building ... GB/T 4171: Q235NH ...China Hot Rolled Alloy Anti-Corrosion Weather Resistant Corten Steel Plate, Find details about China Weathering Steel Plate, Corrosion Resistant ... GB/T 4171 ...Corten Weather Resistant Anti Corrosion Steel Plate ...

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.420237
Retrieved Text: EN S355J2G1W anti weathering corrosion steel sheet, steel,Hot sell EN S355J2G1W anti weathering corrosion steel sheet, pressure vessel steel plate grades stock in China,China EN S355J2G1W anti weathering corrosion steel sheet, pressure vessel steel plate grades factory. Keeps more than 10,000 tons hot rolled and cold rolled EN S355J2G1W anti weathering corrosion steel sheet, pressure vessel steel plate grades in stock each month. We can meet our customer's any quantity request. Based on these stock source, our advantage industry spread into steel process like : cutting ( any size and any shape ) drilling, welding, milling, machining and steel structure. We also have a high quality logistics team who make sure the fast delivery time and shipment. Anyway, if you want to find EN S355J2G1W anti weathering corrosion steel sheet, pressure vessel steel plate grades plate/sheet supplier, EN S355J2G1W anti weathering corrosion steel sheet, pressure vessel steel plate grades plate/sheet bar manufacturer, EN S355J2G1W anti weathering corrosion steel sheet, pressure vessel steel plate grades plate/sheet bar exporter, please contact steel's sales team. We will give you the EN S355J2G1W anti weathering corrosion steel sheet, pressure vessel steel plate grades plate competitive price, EN S355J2G1W anti weathering corrosion steel sheet, pressure vessel steel plate grades plate good quality and best service from us.
EN S355J2G1W Introduction S355J2G2W Steel sheet adopts standard EN100155, as a structural weathering steel with super property because of chemical compositions, Chromium, Nickle, Copper ect. anti corrosion alloying elements.
Supply Weathering Steel EN 10155 S355J2G1W with Low EN S355J2G1W Introduction S355J2G1W steel sheet is a structural

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.416338
Retrieved Text: Weathering is the process by which surface and subsurface rocks disintegrate, dissolve, or are broken down. Rocks at or near the earth's surface are exposed to physical and chemical weathering processes. Weathering is known as an exogenic process because it (like all exogenic systems) is powered by insolation, which drives all systems above the surface of the earth, including the atmosphere, weather, and ice which are also influenced by the earth's gravity.
Physical Weathering takes place when rock is broken, but no chemical changes take place. Water is a major cause of physical weathering. Recall from lecture 5 that water actually expands when it becomes solid (freezes). Can you recall the four types of physical weathering?
Chemical Weathering takes place when the air or water interacts with the crystals in a rock to change their chemical composition. This can take the form of oxidation (by the air) or dissolving (by water and other chemicals in the water such as sulfuric acid from acid rain).

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.364426
Retrieved Text: Bebon have weathering corrosion resistance steel in stock and we also can provide weathering corrosion resistance steel machining service . So if you need weathering corrosion resistance steel price , Please Contact Us.
CORTEN Steel,also known as Weathering Steel, Corrosion Resistance Steel or anti-corrosion steel, features by its mix of standard steel and alloys that offer natural corrosion resistance, including metals like copper, nickel, and chromium, which helps to protect the steel from corrosion-related damage over time.
Weathering steel, which contains copper, develops a natural iron-oxide (rust) patina that is stable once formed, exhibiting increased corrosion resistance compared to carbon steel. The corrosion-retarding effect of the protective layer is produced by the particular distribution and concentration of alloying elements present.
Weathering steel has atmospheric corrosion resistance and this enables it to be used without paint for many structural / architectural applications. That would include structures like bridges, some open-frame buildings, transmission poles and sculptures.
The patina on WS not only offers greater corrosion resistance than on mild steel, but is also responsible for its attractive appearance and self‐healing abilities . The corrosion rate of WS is so low that bridges built from weathering steel can easily achieve a 120 year design life with minimal maintenance [2a, 2b].
In this work, atmospheric corrosion resistance of low cost MnCuP weathering steel in simulated coastal, industrial, and coastal–industrial atmospheric environments was investigated by wet/dry cyclic acceleration corrosion tests. The results indicate that MnCuP weathering steel exhibits high corrosion resistance in the three atmospheres.
Dec 10, 2017 · Weathering steel, which contains copper, develops a natural

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.328835
Retrieved Text: Ready mixed, water soluble translucent weathering liquid. It’s dye, not acrylic paint.
For use on models and scenery.
For interior use, (but can be applied to exterior surfaces if sealed first with a matt sealer/varnish spray).
Can be applied to plastic, metal, stone, plaster, painted surfaces, card and paper.
Dries quickly. Pour straight into an airbrush for spraying, or into a paint pot for painting, does not need thinning.
When dry, the weathering liquid can be rewetted using just water, and smudged or wiped to create more realistic weathering effects, just like the Modelmates weathering spray cans.
To make recesses and panel lines look dirty, apply the weathering liquid by paint brush or airbrush, wait until dry, then wipe the weathering liquid off the surface using a slightly damp tissue or cotton bud. This leaves some of the weathering liquid trapped in the recesses and panel lines. The dryer the tissue or cotton bud, the less weathering liquid is removed.
If a surface is porous it will absorb the weathering liquid and cause permanent stains, apply a small amount to hidden a surface to test if it is porous and also to ensure compatibility and adhesion before final application. Please read instructions on jar before use. If application is by airbrush, use a lower pressure when spraying. Always use in a well ventilated space and wear a good quality face mask. Wash airbrush in warm water after use.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.319645
Retrieved Text: 5.1 Mechanical Weathering Rocks weather when they are exposed to surface conditions, which in most case are quite different from those at which they formed. The main processes of mechanical weathering include exfoliation, freeze-thaw, salt crystallization, and the effects of plant growth.
5.2 Chemical Weathering Chemical weathering takes place when minerals within rocks are not stable in their existing environment. Some of the important chemical weathering processes are hydrolysis of silicate minerals to form clay minerals, oxidation of iron in silicate and other minerals to form iron oxide minerals, and dissolution of calcite.
5.3 The Products of Weathering and Erosion The main products of weathering and erosion are grains of quartz (because quartz is resistant to chemical weathering), clay minerals, iron oxide minerals, rock fragments, and a wide range of ions in solution.
5.4 Weathering and the Formation of Soil Soil is a mixture of fine mineral fragments (including quartz and clay minerals), organic matter, and empty spaces that may be partially filled with water. Soil formation is controlled by climate (especially temperature and humidity), the nature of the parent material, the slope (because soil can’t accumulate on steep slopes), and the amount of time available. Typical soils have layers called horizons which form because of differences in the conditions with depth.
5.5 The Soils of Canada Canada has a range of soil types related to our unique conditions. The main types of soil form in forested and grassland regions, but there are extensive wetlands in Canada that produce organic soils, and large areas where soil development is poor because

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.295477
Retrieved Text: China Q460 Q550 Q690 Low Alloy High Strength Steel Plate, ... BS4360 Grade: 12Mn 16Mn ... JIS 3125 SPA-H Hot Rolled Corten Weathering Steel Plate.
Join win > Weathering steel,Weathering resistant ... Weathering resistant steel plate: Weathering resistant steel is also called ... BS4360 Grade 50B. BS4360 Grade 50C.
Former Grade in BS4360-15 60 98 124 191 T27JºC ... 50A 50C 50D 50DD 50DD 50EE ... 2.5.4 Availability of weathering steel Plates are readily available from the mill.
BS4360 43D|43D STEEL|43D STEEL PLATE Inventory: ... 50C. 50D. 50DD. 50EE. 55C. 55EE. WR50C. WR50B . Other Products. BS 4360 WR50B|WR. WR50B,WR50B STEEL,WR50B STEEL PLATE.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.287317
Retrieved Text: Mark’s Trains is now in a position to undertake full bespoke commissions to convert your locomotive or multiple unit to DCC/DCC Sound along with other extras (as listed on this website) and also provide weathering to produce an outstanding completed model that looks and sounds as close to realistic as the real thing. I can also renumber, name and add full buffer beam detail if required at extra cost. Weathering can also be undertaken as a stand alone service on any model you wish to weather, be it analogue DC trains or model vehicles. This weathering service is available for all scales, and a quote will be given upon enquiry as this kind of work varies depending on your requirements.
Below you will find an explanation of the three weathering packages offered and the extent of weathering undertaken within each package. I can also renumber, name and add full buffer beam detail if required at extra cost. Laser etched name plates can also be ordered through me, in various gauges, colours and styles. Please contact me for a quote.
Have a look through my weathering portfolio to see some great examples of weathering previously undertaken.
Below you will see the various stages of my weathering service, simply choose from the weathering packages available and then the extent of weathering required. Armed with this information I will be able to give you an accurate quote upon receiving an enquiry.
Applied with an airbrush only with four colours used; frame dirt, brake dust, roof dirt & matt black. This is the most

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.282415
Retrieved Text: Bebon have a606 weathering steel in stock and we also can provide a606 weathering steel machining service . So if you need a606 weathering steel price , Please Contact Us.
A606 Weathering Steel. Bryer's Weathering Steel is produced per ASTM A606 - Type 4 requirements and commonly referred to by the trade name Cor-Ten . The material is sought after for the beautiful rust colored patina that develops once the steel is exposed to moisture.
A606-4 is considered weathering steel sheet with thicknesses beginning at 22 Gauge and thicker available up to 3/16”. We stock A606-4 in flat sheets, coil, and panels. A588 is available in steel plate and starts at 3/16” thickness and increases up to 5” thickness.
A606-4 aka Corten® Weathering Steel. Material does not arrive pre-rusted. Panel will rust naturally with exposure to the weather. ... A606-4 and Bare Steel performs best in environments with low humidity ; Load calculations and load tables DO NOT APPLY TO ANY BARE STEEL OR A606-4 PRODUCT. Installation over a solid substrate.
Astm a606 type 4 steel specification. ... ASTM A606 Type 4 Weathering Steel Plate. The ASTM A606 specification is the Standard Steel Specification for High-Strength, Low-Alloy, Hot Rolled and Cold Rolled Sheet and Strip Steel with Improved Atmospheric Corrosion Resistance for use in structural and other applications.
A606-4 aka Corten® Weathering Steel . Material does not arrive pre-rusted. Panel will rust naturally with exposure to the weather. Use stainless steel fasteners with a painted brown screw head. This is our most popular Corten roofing panel.
A606-4 (Corten Equal) Weathering Steel is

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.244701
Retrieved Text: Weathering, disintegration or alteration of rock in its natural or original position at or near the Earth’s surface through physical, chemical, and biological processes induced or modified by wind, water, and climate.
During the weathering process the translocation of disintegrated or altered material occurs within the immediate vicinity of the rock exposure, but the rock mass remains in situ. Weathering is distinguished from erosion by the fact that the latter usually includes the transportation of the disintegrated rock and soil away from the site of the degradation. A broader application of erosion, however, includes weathering as a component of the general denudation of all landforms along with wind action and fluvial, marine and glacial processes. The occurrence of weathering at or near the Earth’s surface also distinguishes it from the physical and chemical alteration of rock through metamorphism, which usually takes place deep in the crust at much higher temperatures.
Weathering involves physical, chemical, and biological processes acting separately or, more often, together to achieve the disintegration and decay of rock material. Physical weathering causes the disintegration of rock by mechanical processes and therefore depends on the application of force. Disintegration involves the breakdown of rock into its constituent minerals or particles with no decay of any rock-forming minerals. The principal sources of physical weathering are thermal expansion and contraction of rock, pressure release upon rock by erosion of overlaying materials, the alternate freezing and thawing of water between cracks and fissures within rock, crystal growth within rock, and the growth of plants and living organisms in rock.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.239384
Retrieved Text: Forces of weathering and erosion are constantly reshaping the Earth’s surface. Weathering is a group of natural processes that break rock into smaller pieces over time. Erosion occurs when rock and soil are transported.
The two types of weathering are mechanical and chemical. Mechanical weathering is the physical decomposition of rocks. Chemical weathering is the decomposition of rocks by chemical reactions.
3. How Is Rock Eroded?
Rock can be eroded by many forces such as blowing wind, running water, ocean waves, flowing ice and gravity. These forces all contribute to sculpting the Earth’s landscape.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.201008
Retrieved Text: China ASTM A242 A588 Weathering Steel Sheet Corten Steel Plate, ... Q/BQB 340: B460NQR; B490NQR; B480GNQR; B600GNQR; ... Including the goods` stockpile and application.
Q/BQB 340: B460NQR; B490NQR; B480GNQR; ... Application: Weathering steel is mainly used in railway, ... Why is Weathering steel better than normal steel?
China Corten Plate S355j2w Weathering Steel Plate, ... Q/BQB 340: B460NQR; B490NQR; B480GNQR; B600GNQR; ... Including the goods` stockpile and application .
B460NQR B490NQR B480GNQR B600GNQR steel ... B480GNQR weathering steel, ... Carbon Steel. corten steel welding pdf. jis g 3101 ss400. s460n material. qste 340 steel.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.130083
Retrieved Text: North Country Semi-Weathering Gray/Green (Sea Green) is a premium quality roofing slate. Gray/Green when quarried, a percentage of these semi-weathering green slate will weather to tones of brown and buff over time. North Country Semi-Weathering Green roof shingles provides moderate color and texture variations while maintaining a primary background color of green. These semi-weathering roof shingles are frequently used as the base color in multi-colored slate roofs. Produced by select Vermont quarries, this slate meets or exceeds ASTM standards as an S-1 rated roofing slate.
Semi-Weathering Sea Green roof with copper ridge cap and gutter detail.
Gilman School Athletic Center in Roland Park, Baltimore. Sea Green, single size 24x12x1/4-3/8” natural slate.
Natural North Country Semi-Weathering Gray/Green (Sea Green) random width slates.
Sea Green slate roof with mitred hip installation detail.
Custom home project with Semi-Weathering Green slate. Mitred hip and saddle ridge detail.
Commercial roofing project in Banff, Alberta, Canada. Pipe-style snow guards system to prevent snow and ice from sliding off roof.
Gray/Green slate weathering to tones of buff, brown and tan. Open valley installation with non-corroding flashing. Copper ridge flashing. Three pipe-style snow guard system.
S/W Gray/Green graduated natural slate roofing project in Toronto, Canada. ASTM S-1 rated.
Moffat Library of Washingtonville in New York. Queen Anne Style Architecture with Semi-Weathering Gray/Green slate roof 16" x random width x 1/4"-3/8"

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.127672
Retrieved Text: HO Weathering & Detailing Volume 2 demonstrates some more advanced techniques for weathering your model railroad equipment!
HO Weathering & Detailing Volume 2 is a how-to video about aging and applying additional details to HO scale rolling stock.
Weathering is one of the easiest ways to improve the appearance of a freight car. A nice weathering job can turn an average model into a good one, and give even the most ordinary car character.
In addition to weathering, many cars can be improved with the addition of a few simple details like uncoupling levers and air hoses.
In HO Weathering & Detailing Volume 2, we take on five weathering projects from start to finish, using five different cars to illustrate a variety of techniques. Each example shows every step of the process.
We cover patching and re-stenciling and aging real and simulated wood grain. We’ll show you how to replace crude factory details like out-of-scale stirrup steps with finely scaled aftermarket parts. We’ll install photo-etched parts, add free-standing grab irons, build better brake detail under the car, and more! And we haven’t forgotten loads for those flatcars and gondolas!
Follow along as we demonstrate our techniques for painting and weathering wheels, adding rust, streaking and discoloring car sides, and more! We cover a wide range of techniques, including washes, powders, paints, and even colored pencils!
Our layered weathering approach means that you can use some of the techniques and stop if you think the car looks good. Or, you can keep going and make a car look truly old and decrepit!
Some of the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.118908
Retrieved Text: This book reviews current thinking on the fundamental processes that control chemical weathering of silicates, including the physical chemistry of reactions at mineral surfaces, the role of experimental design in isolating and quantifying these reactions, and the complex roles that water chemistry, hydrology, biology, and climate play in weathering of natural systems. The chapters in this volume are arranged to parallel this order of development from theoretical considerations to experimental studies to characterization of natural systems. Secondly, the book is meant to serve as a reference from which researchers can readily retrieve quantitative weathering rate data for specific minerals under detailed experimental controls or for natural weathering conditions. Toward this objective, the authors were encouraged to tabulate available weathering rate data for their specific topics. Finally this volume serves as a forum in which suggestions and speculations concerning the direction of future weathering research are discussed.
The comprehensive nature of the volume provides opportunities to address important temporal and spacial issues that often separate the work and thinking of investigators working on specific aspects of chemical weathering. As has become apparent in assembling this volume, a number of important issues related to chemical weathering are unresolved. No effort was made to reach a consensus on these issues. Divergences in opinion were accepted between various authors and are apparent in the chapters of this volume.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.109312
Retrieved Text: The biogeochemical sulfur cycle is intimately linked to the cycles of carbon, iron, and oxygen, and plays an important role in global climate via weathering reactions and aerosols. However, many aspects of the modern budget of the global sulfur cycle are not fully understood. We present new δ34S measurements on sulfate from more than 160 river samples from different geographical and climatic regions—more than 46% of the world's freshwater flux to the ocean is accounted for in this estimate of the global riverine sulfur isotope budget. These measurements include major rivers and their tributaries, as well as time series, and are combined with previously published data to estimate the modern flux-weighted global riverine δ34S as 4.4 ± 4.5‰ (V-CDT), and 4.8 ± 4.9‰ when the most polluted rivers are excluded. The sulfur isotope data, when combined with major anion and cation concentrations, allow us to tease apart the relative contributions of different processes to the modern riverine sulfur budget, resulting in new estimates of the flux of riverine sulfate due to the oxidative weathering of pyrites (1.3 ± 0.2 Tmol S/y) and the weathering of sedimentary sulfate minerals (1.5 ± 0.2 Tmol S/y). These data indicate that previous estimates of the global oxidative weathering of pyrite have been too low by a factor of two. As pyrite oxidation coupled to carbonate weathering can act as a source of CO2 to the atmosphere, this global pyrite weathering budget implies that the global CO2 weathering sink is overestimated. Furthermore, the large range of sulfur isotope ratios in modern

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.09402
Retrieved Text: I always wanted a F4U1 as a birdcage but, few years ago, the only kit available was the old but still good Hasegawa. I had just to rescribe it.
I don’t think that’s at all over-weathered. I’ve seen photos of models posted (and REAL aircraft as well), that make this one look factory fresh.
If there were a way to post pictures in this reply format, I’d show ya.
Good looking “whistling death”….I don’t think your weathering is too overdone.
A SUPERB Corsair Emmanuel. I like the weathering very much!!!
Looks like it’s been on the ‘canal for a while. Just enough weathering, my 02 cents worth.
Looking forward to your 1/48th.
Done a nice job there Emmanuel.
The weathering looks ok from here, and your modelling skills are very evident, this is brilliant in 1/72.
I like it, including the weathering. Pacific birds seemed to take more of a beating, so works for me! Did you paint on the silver chipping, use salt technique, or something else?
Nice to see another build from you. Looks great with a well done weathering.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.091026
Retrieved Text: Corten steel coils are in stock in ... patina after exposure to the weather. A588 plate is in stock at 96 ...Find great deals on eBay for weathering steel. ... HO Custom Weathered MDC ATSF Santa Fe 60' bulkhead flat Steel mill Plate ... 96511-3-02 Weather Guard Steel ...You Source for weathering steel, coil, sheet, plate ... is Cor-ten ®.
Mild Steel Sheet EN 10155 S355J0W weather proof anti ... low allory steel stock price and supplier,BBN steel offer EN 10155 S355J0W weather proof anti corrosion steel plate steel grade,offer A36,A283Grade C,A572Grade 50,S235JR,S355JR,S355J2 low allory steel stock,as China low allory steel supplier in China,keep SS400,SM570,St37-2,St52-3,Q235B,Q345B/D steel materials.
EN 10155 S235J0W anti weathering corrosion 8mm steel sheet resistant to atmospheric effects; ... Q BQB 340 B400NQR1 atmospheric corrosion resistant 8mm steel plate; ... Q B QB 340 B460N QR atmospheric corrosion resistant 16mm steel plate for sale .
TB T 1979 05CuPCrNi anti weathering corrosion 16mm steel plate weight; ... Q BQB 340 B400NQR1 weather proof 8mm steel sheet mill; ... A242. High strength weathering steel coil and steel sheet. ASTM A606, A588 & A242, are the ASTM applicable equivalent to Cor-Ten®, corrosion resistant and high strength steels.
A588GrA general 8mm ~ 200mm thick, A588 series high weathering steel bridge structures including A588GrA, A588GrB so on. Such steel by Cu, P, Cr, Ni and other alloying the metal substrate surface to form a protective layer, which has a high resistance to atmospheric corrosion. Read more; a588b Weather Resistant Steel Plate.
B400NQR1 Weathering steel sheet Material, B400NQR1 steel . B400NQR1 Weathering steel sheet

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.04834
Retrieved Text: Rocks, minerals, soils normally change their structure under the action or influence of certain environmental forces. Biological activity, extreme weather, and agents of erosion such as water, wind and ice are examples of environmental forces that influences the continuous breakdown, wearing away and loosening of rocks and soils. This is what is termed as weathering.
Weathering is different from erosion. While erosion is the process by which soil and rock particles are worn away and moved elsewhere by wind, water or ice, weathering involves no moving agent of transport. It is the process of breakdown of rocks at the Earth’s surface, either by extreme temperatures or rainwater or biological activity. It simply does not involve any movement of rock material.
Weathering processes are of three main types: mechanical, organic and chemical weathering.
Mechanical weathering is also known as physical weathering. Mechanical weathering is the physical breakdown of rocks into smaller and smaller pieces. One of the most common mechanical actions is frost shattering. It happens when water enters the pores and cracks of rocks, then freezes. Frost weathering, frost wedging, ice wedging or cryofracturing is the collective name for several processes where ice is present. These processes include frost shattering, frost-wedging and freeze-thaw weathering.
Once the frozen water is within the rocks, it expands by about 10% thereby opening the cracks a bit wider. The pressure acting within the rocks is estimated at 30,000 pounds per square inch at -7.6°F. Over time, this pressure alongside the changes in weather makes the rock split off, and bigger rocks are broken into

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.046478
Retrieved Text: BBN steel is the Weathering Corrosion Resistance weather proof steel plate supplier in China,we can offer A588Grade AS355J0W weathering steels,S355J0W,S355J0WP,09cupcrni-a steel grade,Q235NH,Q295NH Weathering steel,430 stainless steel round bar suppliers weathering steel,S355J2W,A242 Type 2,SA588Grade B steel materials,S355J0W,Corten A,Corten B,China steel stock SPA-C,S235J2W,S235J0W steel plate.
PVQ Steel Plate astm a516/ asme sa516 SA516 is a carbon steel plate grade utilized primarily in welded pressure vessels for moderate to lower temperature service. This material is produced in grades 55, 60, 65 and 70.

================



======= Instance Index 303 =========
Input Text: Things people eat come from

Which is the correct answer?
- mountains
- canyons
- cities
- farms

Target Text: farms

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.356268
Retrieved Text: Matthew 15:19-20 Jesus replied, “You, too? Are you being willfully stupid? Don’t you know that anything that is swallowed works its way through the intestines and is finally defecated? But what comes out of the mouth For out of the heart come evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, slanders. These are the things which defile the man; but to eat with unwashed hands does not defile t For from the heart come evil thoughts, murder, adultery, all sexual immorality, theft, lying, and slander. These are what defile you. Eating with unwashed hands will never defile you.” For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies: These are the things which defile a man: but to eat with unwashen hands defileth not Out of the mind come evil thoughts, murder, adultery, sexual sins, stealing, lying, and speaking evil of others. These things make people unclean; eating with unwashed hands does not make them unclean For out of the heart come forth evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, railings: these are the things which defile the man; but to eat with unwashen hands defileth no For out of the heart come evil thoughts—murder, adultery, sexual immorality, theft, false testimony, slander. These are what defile a person; but eating with unwashed hands does not defile them.” For out of the heart come evil thoughts and plans, murders, adulteries, sexual immoralities, thefts, false testimonies, slanders (verbal abuse, irreverent speech, blaspheming). These are the things wh You will find living within

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.347687
Retrieved Text: Therefore, my beloved, flee from idolatry. I speak as to sensible people; judge for yourselves what I say. The cup of blessing that we bless, is it not a participation in the blood of Christ? The bread that we break, is it not a participation in the body of Christ? Because there is one bread, we who are many are one body, for we all partake of the one bread. Consider the people of Israel: are not those who eat the sacrifices participants in the altar? What do I imply then? That food offered to idols is anything, or that an idol is anything? No, I imply that what pagans sacrifice they offer to demons and not to God. I do not want you to be participants with demons. You cannot drink the cup of the Lord and the cup of demons. You cannot partake of the table of the Lord and the table of demons. Shall we provoke the Lord to jealousy? Are we stronger than he?
“All things are lawful,” but not all things are helpful. “All things are lawful,” but not all things build up. Let no one seek his own good, but the good of his neighbor. Eat whatever is sold in the meat market without raising any question on the ground of conscience. For “the earth is the Lord's, and the fullness thereof.” If one of the unbelievers invites you to dinner and you are disposed to go, eat whatever is set before you without raising any question on the ground of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.665466
Retrieved Text: As we all get older our bodies do not process things we us to be able to eat the same way. Thats why it is important to know about the best diets for senior citizens as we approch the golden age. This means we need to start watching things that we will be consuming. They may sit in the body longer then it would have causing us to then become overweight. That and a number of other things may cause an elderly person to have poor eating habits such as when people get older they will loose some of the salivation they had making it harder to break foods down, loss of teeth, loss of jaw strength, the ability to swallow right, certain medication you may be taking and many other issues.
But these things do not have to deter you from eating the right things to stay healthier in older ages. This does not mean you have to throw away all those yummy snacks and sweets you may have, just cut back on them and watch how many you will eat. I know as people get older one of the last things to go on you in the taste bud department is the sweets taste buds so that is why a lot of older people eat a lot of things that are more sweet then salty or flavorful they just tend to taste bland and dull. Add seasonings or lemon juice to your meals to spice them up or choose foods with different types of textures

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.32162
Retrieved Text: Why do Irish people not eat more fish?
Key to low consumption is education ,says food blogger.
In a country that is surrounded by fish in the sea, the fish consumption is unusually low and most of our fish is exported to countries that are more welcoming to it. It’s hard to pinpoint why this is when we are able to export so much and fresh fish is so accessible for us. But why do Irish people not eat more fish when it’s so available?
Wise said Irish people have a developed palette and they have come away from bland tasting things, so she does not believe a lack of consuming fish is because they don’t like the taste of it.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.088156
Retrieved Text: I refuse to photograph these tacos. Not because they're so horrible to look at, although I'm not keeping much from you. They come on a paper-encrusted tray, with a troubling amount of space between each flat taco. I refuse to out of self-consciousness, not wanting to be one of those people who photograph what they eat. Nausea toward unceasing aestheticism does not stop aesthetically mediated decorum, nor does it stop the internal spewing of judgements that so offend an anti-sensibility sensibility. Note that above I noted that the space between the tacos is troubling. What kind of eaters note such things? What kind of eaters, indeed, take notes? What kind of people are "eaters," when there is nobody who does not eat?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.072857
Retrieved Text: When people come to New Orleans, they are surrounded by things “designed” for tourists, and yet most want to have an authentic experience.
Most of the people who call themselves “guides” are not only not from the city, they’ve been here about two years, and yet want to convince you that they are in the know. If you weren’t here before Katrina, you literally can not say you know New Orleans.
My city is magical, manic, and is filled with vibrancy and the strangest history imaginable. I love hosting people when they visit, and I can tell you things from the best places to eat and drink, to the dark and oftentimes hidden past of this place that I love.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.044584
Retrieved Text: Getting older is a privilege that many people want in their own lives. You get to see society advance, your children grow up, and you may even get to accomplish your dreams.
Many things we want to do in life have to wait until we’re older. On the other hand, there are not-so-great things that we can’t avoid but also come with age. For instance, our bones start to ache, and movement becomes more difficult.
One thing that everyone experiences at some point in their lives is a necessary change in diet. Your health needs will require that you change what you eat, which may mean adding things you haven’t tried before.
Your doctor or other health experts might recommend that you add more of certain foods to your diet. One commonly suggested addition is fermented food.
The term ‘fermented’ just means that the food item has been through the natural process of lacto fermentation, which creates healthy bacteria.
It is a process which preserves all kinds of good things in your food that can make you healthier. Read on about why you should start eating more fermented foods on a daily basis after you reach the age of 50.
If you’ve ever seen a yogurt commercial, you’ve probably heard the word ‘probiotics.’ Ads don’t usually explain this term, but probiotics have some significant benefits, which is why you should try to eat them on a daily basis.
Probiotics are great because they get many jobs done at once. They work to regulate your digestive tract while also boosting your immune system to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.8449335
Retrieved Text: Hi! I’m Pete Bronski. I blog about being gluten-free, write gluten-free cookbooks, sometimes teach gluten-free cooking classes, and I’m one of NFCA’s Athletes for Awareness. I’ve been gluten-free since January 2007, when I was diagnosed with celiac disease. When I’m not working as a writer or being a dad to my two daughters (they’re gluten-free, too), I’m an endurance athlete who likes to go trail running for really long distances.
1. This is the start of feeling good again.
When you first go gluten-free, it can be a big adjustment. But the important thing to remember is that this is the start of you feeling good again. Before I was diagnosed, I was really sick for a couple of years. Once I made the switch to the gluten-free diet, I felt SO much better. Better than I had in a long time. Better than I had in years. If you sometimes feel like it’s tough to be gluten-free, remember how much tougher things were when you were sick because of gluten. Being gluten-free is the beginning of a new happy chapter in your life.
2. There’s lots of great food to eat!
Sometimes people focus on what you can’t eat when you’re on a gluten-free diet. I prefer to focus on all the awesome foods you can eat! Yummy chicken fingers, grilled steak, turkey tacos, hot dogs, fish sticks. Tasty fruits (I love apples and oranges and bananas and a long list of other fruits). Delicious vegetables. (Yes, believe it or not, vegetables can be delicious!) And you know what

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.826941
Retrieved Text: Raw Food Diet and why we should be eating it?
Why we eat the food we eat?
What kind of Home-Schooled child is Aarohi?
What do kids wanna be when they grow up?
Screen Time – How much is OK?
This blog is about all the things that inspired us in our lives and helped us implement changes that have made us the people we are today. These are the kinds of things which are not just a fad that disappear from our lives after the initial highs.
These are things that stick around for good. These are things that make us stop and take note of things we are doing in life and result in the kind of soul searching that changes us forever.
There are the many aspects of our lives that we have changed over a period of the last few years since our daughter was born, the very event in our lives that changed the way we looked at our lives and the people we come across every day. These are the collective experiences of me and my wife, Snehal as we go through the process of parenthood in raising our one and only bundle of joy.
We consider our lives as ‘Before’ and ‘After’ we were blessed with this gorgeous gift from God.
Go on, click on one of the Menus to find out how and why we changed that aspect of our lives…!!!
Do you Like our content? Subscribe here to get more updates. Thank you!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.819082
Retrieved Text: Ilana: So we’re talking about sharing the journey in L’Arche Portland.
I: Have you lived in L’Arche for a long time or a short time?
I: More years- for a long time?
I: Would you say It’s generally been a good experience, or a hard one?
I:What’s been good about it?
B: I go away home.
I: You went away from home and came here?
I: Are you saying that coming here from home was a good place to go?
I: Would you say that you’ve met a lot of people since you came here?
I: How many people do you think you’ve met?
I: (laughs) too many to count?
I: What would you say the people you’ve met are like? What words would you use to describe them?
I: any other words come to mind?
I: they’re just good people.
I: I’m glad! Do you think you learn a lot about people when you live with them?
I: Do you get to see a lot of their lives?
I: Can you think of people in L’Arche Portland that mean a lot to you? Who are some of those people that you’ve met through L’Arche?
I: Are you thinking of a specific name of a person?
I: Mark? He means a lot to you?
B: Yeah. I don’t know where Mark is. Far Away.
I: He moved far away?
I: But you met him through L’Arche and he means a lot to you?
I: Can you think of anyone else?
I: Can I say some names of people that I’ve heard you talk about?
I: He lives far away?
I: What about Ben Luginbuhl?
I: What do you like to do with

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.745511
Retrieved Text: Minecraft 1.7 squeek502 more info You�ll need an additional API for this mod found here. The Spice of Life mod aims to get you to eat different foods in Minecraft.... Minecolonies is an interactive Town building mod that allows you to create your own thriving Town within Minecraft. It depicts real-life scenarios by providing you with different craftable options to build your own Town and enhance your gaming experience.
Minecraft 1.7 squeek502 more info You�ll need an additional API for this mod found here. The Spice of Life mod aims to get you to eat different foods in Minecraft.... You need to build more houses. 2 adults will move into the new house and start making the new generation of drones... I mean workers... I mean people. I mean workers... I mean people.
More and more people are using the Internet to guide their decision making process. From the things that they buy to the things that they do, people want to be informed before they make a decision to do, well, almost anything.... But we are always looking for more people to contribute to our project! Found any bugs? Report it as an Found any bugs? Report it as an issue to help us ensure you have the best gaming experience.
Download this free eBook about getting more people to come to your band�s future gigs. Think about what your band can do to make your shows unique from each other. Then, once you have ideas in place that will make your next show more special for your

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.720831
Retrieved Text: I prefer having people over, there are few things that charm more than having all of our closest friends come to our household for another perfect night of board games… We relax, have a couple drinks, share a few laughs, plus all in all it’s a really wonderful time. Everyone adores coming over to our place because I’m never stingy with our things in the least. I typically have plenty of food plus drinks for all the people, plus I don’t mind if someone eats the last of something. Pretty much anything is up for grabs, I don’t have any extravagant food that is just for me. These people are our friends so our household is their household! Drink the nice beer, eat the nice chocolate, but life is short plus I think it should be spent in the best kind of company. The only exception to the rule is the Heating and Air Conditioning device! My apartment has oil heating plus I don’t care to pay for it. So I keep it pretty low when it’s just me over, plus after that I crank it up when I’m expecting people to come over. I try to make sure most people are entirely comfortable, however this does not mean that our friends are allowed to touch our thermostat! You can drink all of our wine, you can even eat the last of our chocolate plus have our ice cream if you feel the need. However our temperature control settings are totally off limits, unless you want

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.694139
Retrieved Text: A portion is the amount of one food you eat at one time. Many people eat larger portions than they need, especially when eating away from home.
Just one super-sized fast food meal can have more calories than you should eat in an entire day. And when people are served more food, they eat more food—even if they don’t need it. This may lead to weight gain. When eating fast food, choose small portions or healthy fast food like a veggie wrap or salad.
Ready-to-eat meals (from a restaurant, grocery store, or school event) may have larger portions than you need. Follow the tips below to control portions.
■ Order something small. Try a half-portion or healthy appetizer, like hummus (chickpea spread) with whole-wheat pitas or grilled chicken. If you order a large meal, take half of it home or split it with someone else at the table.
■ Limit the amount of fast food you eat. When you do get fast food, say “no thanks” to super-sized or value-sized options, like those that come with fries and soda.
■ Choose salad with low-fat dressing, a sandwich with mustard instead of mayo, or other meals that have fruits, veggies, and whole grains.
■ Choose grilled options, like chicken, or remove breading from fried items. Avoid meals that use the words creamy, breaded, battered, or buttered.
page 6 explains where you can find serving sizes.
■ Avoid eating in front of the TV or while you are busy with other activities. It is easy to lose track of how much you are eating if you

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.639349
Retrieved Text: Every day Dan will come home from work and turn on the TV.
At school she would always sit quietly and pay attention.
Cold weather will kill certain plants.
During the war, people would eat all kinds of things that we don't eat now.
Each time I gave him a problem he would solve it for me.
She just won't do the washing up when I ask her.
I was happy when Sam left. He would talk about people behind their backs.
Jack will be at home by now. Let's go and see him.
Whenever we went to my uncle's house, we would / used to play in the garden.
The factory used to be over there.
Didn't you use to smoke at university?
I would have been happy to see him, but I didn't have time.
My grandmother wouldn't have approved of the exhibition.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.61849
Retrieved Text: Come see why the people who want to live near the city, live in Brewers Yard.
These are just some of the things you will find at Brewers Yard Apartments. Just outside, you can grab a bite to eat, drink a cold ale, walk from shop to shop or take in an evening of entertainment anywhere in German Village or downtown.
Take a look at our full list of amenities!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.587526
Retrieved Text: Форма проведения: В форме кафе (фуршет).
Оборудование: компьютер, мультимедийный проектор, доска, магнитофон, аудиозаписи, приложение 1 – презентация Microsoft PowerPoint.
T: Listen, read and repeat.
1. What do the words “the British have a sweet tooth” mean?
2. What kinds of sweet things do you know of?
3. What sweet things do you like?
4. When do the British eat cakes, biscuits?
5. When do the British eat more sweet things?
T: Find 20 names of food. First read the horizontal (9) lines then read the vertical (11) lines.
T: Read the text about British people and fill in necessary words to the text.
The British have a _____. That means that they like eating sweet things like _____ and pies, jams, biscuits and _____, cakes and rolls. For the British, any time is eat-a-sweet time: tea-break _____, break at school, watching TV _____ on a car journey, in the cinema or theatre. During _____ like Christmas and Easter, and on special days like Mother’s Day and _____ they eat even more sweet things.
T: Match the different words with their definitions.
T: Try to match the words with the pictures as in example.
A lot of people in England eat sandwiches for their lunch. There are a lot of sandwich shops in London. You can buy all sorts of sandwiches in these shops. You can get meat sandwiches, or salad sandwiches, or meat –and –salad sandwiches. And you can get cheese, egg or fish sandwiches. You can even buy fruit sandwiches. Each sandwich has 2 thin slices of bread. You put butter and meat between the 2 slices. Lots

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.574376
Retrieved Text: Vegetarians Are Evil! :-) | Smoking Meat Forums - The Best Barbecue Discussion Forum On Earth!
Discussion in 'Roll Call' started by barbecue, Jan 19, 2007.
I was looking for this site, and got to meat.org, which is a PETA site. UGH!!!
I've really come here to learn more about smoking meats. It's popular in my part of the world. My grandfather used to do it back in the old country, but unfortunately it's a lost art in my family - like winemaking. Sigh!
And here I thought that PETA meant "People Eating Tasty Animals" !! Another one I like is "We didn't fight and claw our way to the top of the food chain just to eat vegetables!!..
So anyhoo!! Welcome to SMF, Barbecue! If you're wanting to learn, you've come to the right place. Take a moment and sign up for Tulsa Jeffs's 5-day eCourse. Lots of good information to build a base from. Read thru the forums and see what ? other have asked and see what others have done. Feel free to ask questions that you have about smoking foods or about the equipment needed- we'll be glad to help you on your way!
Thanks Dutch, actually, after having also dated a vegetarian who used to tell me how much more ethical, kinder and gentler vegetarians are, I was pleased to later find out that Hitler, Pol Pot, Manson and a bunch of other murderous scoundrels were in fact vegetarians! So I've kept some mental notes about famous quotes regarding people who go the unnatural route of eating

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.543466
Retrieved Text: When you first start changing your diet to eat real and gluten free, it can be difficult to eat at friends houses. Some people really don't cook very natural, nor gluten free, so there won't be much to eat.
You'll have to ask questions about what's in the food. And you'll probably have to explain why you're asking, since some people can be offended if you won't eat everything they cook. Some people understand right away, and others will need time to fully grasp what you're telling them, and why you want to do it.
You'll also often find some push back from friends and family. When you tell them you're eating to be more healthy and gluten free, you're likely to get some people reacting that everything THEY cook is super healthy, even if it isn't. In a way, when you tell them you can't have "item A", you are criticizing them. I know you're not, and you know you're not, but they won't take it that way. Be prepared for this kind of reaction, and plan ahead what you might say. You somehow have to communicate it has nothing to do with their cooking. Your relationship with them will dictate what exactly you say, so think about it ahead of time.
Different people have learned different things over the years, as to what is healthy, and what is not. The variety of different diets and advice over the years is very extreme, with absolutely contradictory advice. If you're up for a discussion, everyone can learn a lot.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.465569
Retrieved Text: Alt text: I have this weird thing where if I don't drink enough water, I start feeling bad and then die of dehydration.
That being said, "calories out" varies from person to person.
I have one of those metabolisms where I get a strong reaction from eating anything containing rat poison, nuclear fuel rods, molten rock or mussels. Who ever came up with the idea that mussels are food?
Last edited by Flumble on Mon Oct 10, 2016 3:58 pm UTC, edited 1 time in total.
A less classy cartoon would say something about not digesting corn kernels and how they often come out the same as they come in.
Actually about rat poison: rat poisons take advantage of the fact that rats cannot vomit. It's true. Therefore since you and your cat or dog certainly can and do vomit, rat poison isn't very dangerous. Of course, they can also digest things we wouldn't dream of eating.
Flumble wrote: I have one of those metabolisms where I get a strong reaction from eating anything containing rat poison, nuclear fuel rods, molten rock or mussels. Who ever came up with the idea that mussels are edible?
Actually, as omnivores, pretty much anything organic material is "edible". Whether it's "tasty" is mostly a cultural artifact.
Nutritionists have pointed out that insects are not just edible, but highly nutritious. But we humans rarely eat them in any quantity. The explanation can't be their "edibility"; it has to be something else. Curiously, a lot of us do eat similar critters like shrimp and crayfish, so it's not their

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.423836
Retrieved Text: College is great, but coming home is even better.
College is an experience both good and bad. You become an independent individual which leads to many new things. You are responsible for yourself, how you manage your time, how you eat, what you do, and everything far and few in-between. Many high schoolers think that they need to travel far to experience this, which is not the case. Personally I stayed reasonably close to home and that didn't change anything of my college experience. The best thing about being only an hour or so away though is being able to come home if I want to. I cannot deny that I am a huge family person and being able to come home from college and the independence for just a weekend is one of the best things. The following are just some of the many perks us college students experience when we go home from college after it has been a little while.
1. The huge excitement when you first get there.
2. Always having someone to talk to who won't get bored by your conversation.
3. Everything revolves around you, what you want to eat, what you want to do..
4. You can sleep in your comfy bed.
5. You don't have to walk to a dining hall to eat.
6. There's a variety of food and good tasting at that.
7. FREE laundry and no waiting time.
8. A bathroom all to yourself.
9. A nice spacious, hot shower without shoes.
10. Staying in your pajamas all day with no judgement.
11. Being able to relax

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.347577
Retrieved Text: “Ananda, consider, for example, a person who inhales deeply through his nose. After he has inhaled for a long time it becomes fatigued, and then there is a sensation of cold in the nose. Because of that sensation, there are the distinctions of penetration and obstruction, of emptiness and actuality, and so forth, including all fragrant and stinking vapors. However, both the nose and the fatigue originate in Bodhi. Overexertion will produce the characteristic of fatigue.
The eyes and ears have already been explained above. Now it is the nose entrance which will be discussed. “Ananda,” Shakyamuni Buddha calls Ananda’s name in order to cause him to be particularly attentive. “You should listen well to the doctrines I explain for you. Consider, for example, a person” - suppose there were such a one. What does this person do? He hasn’t anything to do, so he plays a joke on him self. How? He inhales deeply through his nose. He keeps sniffing in. He inhales sharply.
Now, usually we make use of our sense of smell when there is something to smell, but this person inhales deeply through his nose, and not only does he do it deeply, he does it for a long time. After he has inhaled for a long time it becomes fatigued. If you breathe in for a long time, you will feel tired. The nose will get tired. And when it gets tired false thinking arises. The nose gives rise to false thinking. What kind of false thinking? Probably it thinks, “Rest. Rest.” But

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.343001
Retrieved Text: Ecclesiastes 5:11 When good things increase, so do those who consume them; what then is the profit to the owner, except to behold them with his eyes?
The more you have, the more people come to help you spend it. So what good is wealth—except perhaps to watch it slip through your fingers!
When good things increase, so do those who consume them; what then is the profit to the owner, except to behold them with his eyes?
The more you have, the more everyone expects from you. Your money won't do you any good--others will just spend it for you.
The richer you are, the more mouths you have to feed. All you gain is the knowledge that you are rich.
When someone's prosperity increases, those who consume it also increase; so what does its owner gain, except that he gets to see it with his eyes?
When goods increase, those who eat them are increased; and what advantage is there to its owner, except to feast on them with his eyes?
As the number of goods increase, so do the number of people who consume them. What do owners gain [from all their goods] except [the opportunity] to look at them?
When goods increase, they are increased that eat them; and what advantage is there to the owner thereof, saving the beholding of them with his eyes?
When goods increase, those that eat them are increased; and what good is there to the owners thereof, except the beholding of them with their eyes?
When goods increase, they are increased that eat them: so what

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.290589
Retrieved Text: In today’s busy world many people never learned how to eat healthier. Most experts will agree it is very important to consume a well rounded diet containing an assortment of healthful foods. The secret is that you’re supposed to restrict your calorie consumption whilst performing this. How can you do so? These healthful food eating hints should assist you.
Eat wholesome portion sizes. This one is really quite straightforward. Eat in moderation. A lot people have heard that before but not many understand what a portion size is. For instance did you know that a part of meat is just 3 ounces? Does not seem like much but if you include some veggies and pasta you’ll have a healthy filling meal. Remember that many packaged foods inform you just how much a serving size is.
Variety is crucial. This just put, do not only eat 1 food group or perhaps 1 food from each group. For instance it is fantastic to eat an apple every day but its best to change it up and try new fruits. The exact same is true for many foods. Each has different nutrients in them, distinct advantages. Try new things you will never know what you like before you attempt it. It’s also wise to ensure you are eating nutrient rich foods from all of the food groups.
Be certain that you keep in a healthy weight. Your healthy weight is dependent upon a number of matters like; your gender, height, age, and heredity. If you carry around excess weight you’re putting your

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.288317
Retrieved Text: My Famous Tuna Fish Sandwich recipe is one of Jeff’s favorites and easy to eat with cracker for a quick snack.
I got this recipe from a newspaper clipping if you can believe that at a friends house that was her grandmothers.
I started thinking to myself how things never change they just look different. I’m sure some of you heard of Dear Abby where people wrote to her asking advice and sharing there recipes among her followers. This started in 1956 and today her daughter is online.
We have moved on to blogs from people all over the world sharing their journey in life. Some give advice, share recipes and so many other things. The part that is amazing is we still want to share with one another. The best part is the world became smaller with the internet. This allows us to share cultural food with people from all over the world today in just seconds.
I for one love Padhus Kitchen or My Darling Lemon Thyme. Which are on the other side of the world from me. Yet I can visit often to see what great food they making for their family. I love trying new foods and love that there are people like me with the same passion in life for food. So next time you get a recipe from a friend or a loved one, just remeber it most likely has gone around the world and back to you. Enjoy!
It's famous for a reason!
Drain the tuna and squeeze access with hands.
Mix mayo, mustard and relish

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.252739
Retrieved Text: In Egypt about 15% of people are Christians. They are the only part of the population who really celebrate Christmas as a religious festival. Most Egyptian Christians belong to the Coptic Orthodox Church and they have some very unique traditions for Christmas.
Christmas Day isn't celebrated on the 25th December but on 7th January (like in Ethiopiaand by some Orthodox Christians in Russia and Serbia).
The Coptic month leading to Christmas is called Kiahk. People sing special praise songs on Saturday nights before the Sunday Service.
For the 43 days before Christmas (Advent), from 25th November to 6th January, Coptic Orthodox Christians have a special fast where they basically eat a vegan diet. They don't eat anything containing products that come from animals (including chicken, beef, milk and eggs). This is called 'The Holy Nativity Fast'. But if people are too weak or ill to fast properly they can be excused.
On Coptic Christmas Eve (6th January), Coptic Christians go to church for a special liturgy or Service. The services normally start about 10.30pm but some chapels will be open for people to pray from 10.00pm. Many people meet up with their friends and families in the churches from 9.00pm onwards. The services are normally finished shortly after midnight, but some go onto 4.00am!
When the Christmas service ends people go home to eat the big Christmas meal. All the foods contain meat, eggs and butter - all the yummy things they didn't during the Advent fast! One popular course if 'Fata' a lamb soup which contains bread, rice, garlic and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.234395
Retrieved Text: Is your amygdala getting warm?
The debate about nature versus nurture will go on forever. Do people come with most of their personal traits already decided, or can we be shaped by the way we grow up? Can we change ourselves? We may now know what leads some people to go meat-free, and it may well be hard-wired into their brains. On the other hand, they may have changed the way their brains behave by holding strong beliefs. Either way, vegetarians’ and vegans’ brains register different reactions to the suffering of others, and it’s measurable.
In a recent study, neurologists used MRI to monitor the brain activity of the test subject while they were shown a series of pictures. The subjects consisted of 20 omnivores, 19 vegetarians, and 21 vegans. Each subject was shown 150 random images, 70 of which were neutral, 40 were of bad things being done to humans, and 40 were of bad things being done to animals. The scientists looked at the activity in the areas of the brain where compassion resides, and found differences did exist.
If you are wondering where compassion resides, according to experts, it’s in a few spots in the amygdala and the prefrontal cortex.
Omnivores, Vegetarians and Vegans all responded to images of other humans being harmed, thankfully. But Vegetarians and Vegans seemed to respond more to both the human pictures and to the animal suffering.
It may come as no surprise to you that there are people who are more concerned with animal suffering, and that they choose not to eat

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.219368
Retrieved Text: A wise son listens and does what his Dad says; but bad ones don’t listen.
Your mouth will eat things that taste good if good words come out of your mouth.
When you watch what you say you are guarding your life.
Blabbermouths cause lots of trouble and bad stuff.
but hard workers will have lots of everything.
If you are doing right, you hate lying.
Bad ones will be very embarrassed and ashamed.
but doing bad things trips up the sinners.
but the bad ones will only have darkness.
when people are puffed up in their hearts.
Anyone who hates God’s words will be totally ruined and gone but ones who fear and do God’s words will be happy and have big rewards.
Ones who don’t listen will be poor and embarrassed but ones who listen, everyone will hold them high and think good things about them.
If you go with wise people you will be wise and if you go with silly people you will be silly.
and good things come to the ones who follow the Lord.
A wise woman builds up her house but a silly one tears it down by what she does.
Right ones fear the Lord and bad ones hate Him.
When bad words come out of your mouth, trouble will come but wise words keep you safe.
Go away from a silly person when you see that he is silly.
Wise ones see where they are going but silly ones walk in lies.
There is a way that seem right but leads to death.
Even when laughing the heart can be sad.
but silly ones run into it yelling

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.194284
Retrieved Text: 1The Pharisees gathered around Jesus. So did some of the teachers of the law. All of them had come from Jerusalem. 2They saw some of his disciples eating food with "unclean" hands. That means they were not washed.
3The Pharisees and all the Jews do not eat unless they wash their hands to make them pure. That's what the elders teach. 4When they come from the market place, they do not eat unless they wash. And they follow many other teachings. For example, they wash cups, pitchers, and kettles in a special way.
5So the Pharisees and the teachers of the law questioned Jesus. "Why don't your disciples live by what the elders teach?" they asked. "Why do they eat their food with 'unclean' hands?"
6He replied, "Isaiah was right. He prophesied about you people who pretend to be good. He said, " 'These people honor me by what they say.
7Their worship doesn't mean anything to me.
They teach nothing but human rules.' (Isaiah 29:13) 8You have let go of God's commands. And you are holding on to the teachings that men have made up."
9Jesus then said to them, "You have a fine way of setting aside God's commands! You do this so you can follow your own teachings. 10Moses said, 'Honor your father and mother.' (Exodus 20:12; Deuteronomy 5:16) He also said, 'If anyone calls down a curse on his father or mother, he will be put to death.' (Exodus 21:17; Leviticus 20:9) 11But you allow people to say to their parents, 'Any help you might have received from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.155391
Retrieved Text: The 'Bake Off' veteran's new book is a joyfully sharp analysis of how to love eating (and yourself).
Americans may be most familiar with Ruby Tandoh from her run as a contestant on the Great British Bake Off in 2013, but since then, the 25-year-old author has grown what started as a recipe column in The Guardian into a body of food writing that is as incisive about the relationship between eating disorders and health culture as it is on the undervalued appeal of food memoirs.
Her new book, Eat Up: Food, Appetite and Eating What You Want, brings it all together into a sort of broad manifesto on eating itself, incorporating a mix of personal experience, recipes and readings of everything from Da Vinci's The Last Supper to Nora Ephron films, with the goal of, she says, helping "you fall back in love with food." She spoke to Food & Wine about the book, re-democratizing food, and yes, what she thinks of the latest season of Bake Off.
After the Great British Bake Off, I got a baking column in The Guardian that was mostly straight up recipe writing. But as time went on, I realized that I was actually less interested in writing recipes, and more interested in the context that surrounded those recipes: the stuff that informs the ways we eat food, and the ways we pass on culinary traditions.
As I was collecting ideas for the book, I found that I kept coming back to things like popular culture, and I wanted to delve into music,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.137759
Retrieved Text: As the owner of Okay Café in Neukölln, Marie-Louise ‘Makki’ Crona creates delicious things to share with others, pastries and home cooked meals that come directly from the heart. Born and raised in Stockholm, where going out to eat is more expensive, “I missed just hanging out at each other’s homes, so this was also a reason why I started cooking more here for other people.” The crowd favorite was always her cinnamon buns, which she baked according to traditional Swedish style, simple, rustic, and seasoned with a hint of cardamom…. Read more.

================



======= Instance Index 451 =========
Input Text: It is possible to renew

Which is the correct answer?
- sunflowers
- oil
- steel
- stones

Target Text: sunflowers

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.636593
Retrieved Text: Q. Can I renew a Key Texts item?
It is possible to renew a Key Texts item, however you are only able to do this in person, it is not possible to renew online. You should bring the item back to the Key Texts room and return it on the self-service machine. You can then re-issue the item to yourself, as long as the item has not been booked by any other user.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.012125
Retrieved Text: If you have an expired Individual Taxpayer Identification Number should renew it as soon as you can. If you do need to renew it, you can by submitting a W-7 Form. Returns with expired ITINs will be delayed. If your ITIN is expired, you may also lose out on benefits until you renew it. It can take the IRS 11 weeks to complete an ITIN renewal during tax season, so renew yours as soon as possible.
Call 844-545- 5640 to make an appointment at an IRS Taxpayer Assistance Center.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.403101
Retrieved Text: Certificate was not automatically renewed for the domain.
Manually renew the certificate in Plesk > Domains > example.com > Let's encrypt by clicking Renew button.
Is it possible to use one webmail URL for different servers in Roundcube?
What is MX record and how it should look?
Does Plesk interface's web server support TLS 1.3 protocol?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.306166
Retrieved Text: Earlier this month, and after many weeks of frustrating delay, the various ends of the PayPal system were linked and up-loaded to the Trust’s web-site. Thus, it is now possible for members to join the Trust or renew their subscriptions.
The membership year remains from 1st June to 30th July the following year.
Members who have yet to renew for the current year (1.vii.2013-30.vi.2014) are urged to do so as soon as possible, in order that they may participate in and vote at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.20306
Retrieved Text: If you activated the automatic renovation, we will try automatically to renew your domain the day that wins.
To renew a domain with advance payment will add a year to the date of present expiration. To be expected until the last moment will not give more time you.
An expired domain cannot be bought by 2-3 months. During this period, nobody can buy it. The date in which the domain will be again available is variable and depends on the used extension.
Once the expired domain, we will erase it of our platform. All the accounts of post office or you would ally associates to this domain will stop working. The accounts of post office equal will erase.
The extensions of domain of Spain as .es, .com .es and .org .es impose to renew 30 days before the date of expiration of the domain.
Certain extensions of domain allow to renew still a domain several days after it has won. Nevertheless, nothing guarantees that it is possible to be done and the renovation will be able to have an additional cost.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.99633
Retrieved Text: It’s good to be reminded of our baptismal promises and of God’s grace and hope for us. From time to time in our life of worship, we renew our baptismal vows. The gathered community is called to renew their vows as part of each celebration of baptism. We also renew our baptismal vows on other occasions, such as the Baptism of the Lord, celebrated in January, or at the Easter Vigil.
For some, it may be appropriate to renew their vows in a separate rite. This might be a response to an intentional time of faith formation, similar to preparation for confirmation. Sometimes, following a time away from the life of the church, people wish to reaffirm and solemnize a renewed commitment to the life and mission of the Christian community. Or it might be part of one’s journey from one Christian tradition to another. For others, their faith journey simply leads to a desire to renew vows they took earlier.
Those interested in Reaffirmation of Baptismal Vows should begin the conversation with our priest. A time of faith formation may be appropriate. The rite is most suitably celebrated at the Easter Vigil or when a bishop visits the parish. Other days in the church year are possible too.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.888591
Retrieved Text: I dont have a credit card, and so I am unable to complete the Apple billing address, which means I can not download anything from the App Store. It there a solution for this?
My dad keeps getting all my apps that I download. why?
How to renew Apple Developer Membership manually?
How can I renew my Apple Developer Membership account manually? Is it possible to do this? I know that developer.apple.com/support/renewal describes renewing but does not explain manual renewal.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.747574
Retrieved Text: Marble and Stone Polishing Products and Accessories - Parish SupplyMarble and stone polishing is easy with Parish Supply's range of diamond abrasive discs, finishing products and accessories.yespany marble grinding products,Polishing Products - Stone ProDiamond Renew. Diamond Renew Marble, Line & Travertine Polish Powder. Product Description: Diamond Renew is a polishing powder containing diamond abrasive that allows you to achieve the highest possible shine and clarity on marble, travertine and line. Diamond R. More Information.
Home - Eastern MarbleEastern Marble | Granite and Marble SupplyALPHA WATER FEED AIR POLISHER AIR 680. Alpha Professional Tools WATER FEED AIR POLISHER AIR 680. Details · IC 5 Extra. “The Original” 5 Extra Marble Polishing Powder. Details · Line-1071.yespany marble grinding products,Marble floor - Grinding and polishing - HTC Floor SystemsThe HTC method for grinding of a marble floor gives the marble a unique luster, quality and evenness.
Nuova Mondial Mec S.r.l. is Leader in the production of yard saws and machines for processing marble. Top quality products, prompt deliveries and a key after sale service are among Nuova Mondial Mec main strengths. Nuova Mondial Mec is currently Leader in the production of cutting machines, polishing machines and.
Radial Arm Tooling. Adhesives & Caulk. Sealers & Cleaners. Installation Accessories. Sinks & Rodding. Electric & Air Hand Tools. Saws & Fab Equipment. Material Handling. Safety & Dust Control. Tile Tools & Supplies. Floor Restoration & Maintenance. Concrete Floor Prep & Polishing. The One Floor. Laser Products.
Diamond Renew. Diamond Renew Marble, Line & Travertine Polish Powder. Product Description: Diamond Renew is a polishing powder containing diamond

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.714581
Retrieved Text: Couples renew their vows at regular intervals, such as to celebrate their tenth, 25th and 50th wedding anniversaries, or at times when they want to celebrate their love between those important milestones. Renew your vows privately or invite only your closest friends and family members, or throw a huge party so you can celebrate your partnership with everyone.
Renew your vows by reenacting your wedding ceremony.
For you and your partner, tone romantic way to renew your vows is to recreate your perfect wedding day from years earlier. Remember that special day by reenacting your ceremony while you renew vows. Add new lines to the vows, have your dress altered to reflect your new style, invite new and old friends, and upgrade your rings with special stones to represent the years that have passed and the memories you made, or try to recreate the original day as closely as possible.
Some couples dream of taking a romantic vacation, and renewing wedding vows gives them one reason to plan one. Decide together on the perfect location to renew your vows and keep the ceremony as intimate as possible. Choose a getaway at a secluded mountain resort and renew your vows privately, for example. Or visit a quiet beach and repeat your vows while the sun sets. One of the most important things you can do is prepare your vows, which should reflect the way your love has endured and grown, before you travel.
If your spouse likes surprises, renew your vows on the spot in a romantic place. For example, invite

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.705577
Retrieved Text: What does the zoo have to do with your energy bills?
On June 27th, the Renew Boston team joined more than 20,000 people in attending the Franklin Park Zoo’s Free Day. Visitors flocked to the zoo and, enticed with animal stickers and the lure of lower energy bills, stopped by the Renew Boston booth.
The Renew Boston team shared details on the benefits of its program and signed up a few dozen residents for free home energy assessments. Many residents were familiar with Renew Boston and planned to schedule appointments for Home Energy Assessment as soon as possible. For those new to the program, they were equally excited to learn more about how to reduce their home energy use and costs, as well as the instant savings measures they can receive (such as CFL light bulbs, shower heads, programmable thermostats, building insulation, etc.) - all at no cost to the resident! Overall, it was a great day at the zoo.
If you missed their booth at the Franklin zoo last Friday, Renew Boston will be at the Bethel Baptist Church in Roxbury from 6-8pm, on Monday, July 21, 2014. For more information about Renew Boston and upcoming events, visit RenewBoston.org and follow them on Facebook and Twitter.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.627339
Retrieved Text: Why the domain backordering service is important?
To be able to explain why domain name backordering service is important, first we need to talk about what happens with the domain name when it enters the expired status.
When the owner of a domain does not renew its registration by the expiration date of the domain, the domain goes into “expired” status.
Next 30 days, is the grace period while the domain name is shut down, but the domain owner still can renew the domain for a standard renewal fee.
Though it is possible that the owner has forgot to renew, or just lazy, but it can also indicate he may let go of that domain name – in other words he will not renew, so anyone that sees value in that domain could try to get it.
On the last day the domain name will be officially dropped from Domain database. In those first few minutes, when the domain name is freed and availabe, the backordering service will attempt to get the requested domain name for you.
Having a backorder service on a domain name does not guarantee that you will get the requested domain name, as the registrant might renew his registration or there are other agencies which are also trying to get that valuable domain name.
The professional service has more chance to be successful, than individual that is trying to get it manually, so it is the recommended way. Having that in mind, if the service is unsuccessful in acquiring the domain name requested, then you do not have to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.555288
Retrieved Text: The ActiveSync component of MDaemon was actually originally a one-off development. The aim was to ensure Android and iOS users weren’t left completely in the cold at a time when developer Alt-N Technologies’ focus was Blackberry users following their acquisition by Research In Motion (RIM). At that time RIM only wanted the bare minimum functionality to differentiate the Blackberry experience from the competition.
Since then ActiveSync usage has increased dramatically and as a result, additional development by Alt-N (possible because they’re no longer owned by RIM) has added features such as Security, Policies, Email Synchronisation and Push email notifications, along with support for later ActiveSync protocols.
In the upcoming MDaemon 13.5, support for connecting desktop email clients such as Outlook 2013 and Windows 8 Mail using ActiveSync protocols is being added.
The product has evolved significantly (and will continue to evolve) and as a result a single one off price of approximately £100 plus VAT simply isn’t commercially feasible.
As always our friends over at Alt-N are being very open, honest and fair in describing and implementing the changes – for full details along with answers to some FAQ’s please visit the page on our Web site here.
Your existing key will continue to give you access to all the ActiveSync features that you currently have access to.
Your existing key will provide you access to all the new ActiveSync features coming in 13.5 (and any further releases prior to v14’s release).
When v14 is released, it’s up to you whether you renew your key.
Your existing key won’t stop working if you choose

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.395832
Retrieved Text: If you need to renew an existing CA-signed certificate from the same CA, see Renew an Expired Certificate.
BeyondTrust client software must be able to validate the SSL certificate of their appliance in order to establish secure connections. To do this, they must trust the certificate authority of the appliance's server certificate. If this CA is changed without preparing the clients beforehand, then it is possible to permanently lose connectivity to the clients due to failed SSL validation. To avoid this, the Secure Remote Access Appliance must be properly updated with product builds from BeyondTrust Technical Support and provisioned with the new CA-signed certificate.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.383327
Retrieved Text: renew, restore, refresh, renovate, rejuvenate mean to make like new. renew implies a restoration of what had become faded or disintegrated so that it seems like new.
restore implies a return to an original state after depletion or loss.
refresh implies the supplying of something necessary to restore lost strength, animation, or power.
renovate suggests a renewing by cleansing, repairing, or rebuilding.
rejuvenate suggests the restoration of youthful vigor, powers, or appearance.
What made you want to look up refresh? Please tell us where you read or heard it (including the quote, if possible).

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.37707
Retrieved Text: Keto Renew Diet The puzzle behind my proportional body figure is none other than Keto Renew Diet. Without a doubt, it is the principle supplement, which showed my dreams substantial by trimming down the waistline with the twists that I for the most part expected to wear. It not simply helped me to get a svelte adorable physical make-up, yet furthermore upgraded my lifestyle and dietary examples. To know more, continue scrutinizing the review formed underneath.
What is Keto Renew Diet about?
Keto Renew Diet It is a changed weight lessening supplement, which assists with giving more thin and slimmer constitution. In perspective of the regular condition, the 60 dietary compartments of this thing empower you to witness suspicious results by melting down the present fat from the body. It pieces and controls the osmosis of fat to crush its troublesome reaction in the body. This method decreases the fat to slimmer your waistline. Just as this isn’t adequate, this supplement will keep the instability in tendency level by keeping your nerves calmed and free.
What Does Keto Renew Diet Contain?
Keto Renew Diet Exemplified with 60% HCA, found in Keto Renew Diet, it transforms into the principle part of this thing. Beside this, it in like manner contains compelling cell fortifications and fat blockers to reduce the maintenance of fat by the body quickly. Arranged in a GMP guaranteed lab, the fixings are especially made to pass on promising results soon.
How Does Keto Renew Diet Work?
Keto Renew Diet The viable blends used as a piece of this supplement work

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.359852
Retrieved Text: Nutri-Review.com > Health > Nerve Renew Review – Will It Work?
Nerve Renew is an all natural product created by the Neuropathy Treatment Group to help fight the pain related to neuropathy. The Neuropathy Treatment Group is an expert to find natural ways to lessen these unpleasant symptoms, working specifically with this form of pain. Over time, their learning from your errors, along with considerable research, has business lead the group to produce Nerve Renew.
When doctors diagnose neuropathy, they often times suggest going for a vitamin B health supplement, ones which contain highly concentrated degrees of various vitamin B’s as well as alpha lipoic acidity. Many users of the treatments have found rest from their neuropathy after they take them constantly. Regrettably, these supplements are really expensive and frequently have to be combined and matched to provide even little relief.
Nerve Renew was made to fight the pain that originates from neuropathy, but to take action within an affordable way. Without other supplement available that may be in comparison to Nerve Renew, it is actually a breakthrough for individuals who are sick and tired of experiencing their neuropathy symptoms.
Nerve Renew contains an assortment of B vitamin supplements that are really powerful and also have been clinically which can support neuropathy. As well as the B vitamin supplements within the dietary supplement, Nerve Renew also includes a stabilized form of alpha lipoic acidity. To help expand support the fitness of those who take the product, Nerve Renew consists of antioxidants and other natural extracts.
All these elements serve to make

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.226686
Retrieved Text: Prevention is better than cure! Ensure you have a good doormat to prevent as much dirt as possible entering your home.
Keeps your carpets looking their best. A good tip is to rake your carpet prior to using the vacuum cleaner. This will loosen dirt, pet hairs and raise the pile, making vacuuming more effective.
Swift action to stop them spreading or penetrating the carpet fibres. Scrape solids with a spoon or palette knife, always work towards the centre of the spillage to prevent spreading the stain. Blot liquids with a clean white cloth or paper towel.
Keep your carpets looking as good as the day you bought them. There are too many risks involved if you shampoo the carpet yourself or use unqualified carpet cleaning companies. For a guaranteed professional service that you can be sure of, call Renew on 0844 8717982.
Most stains that are allowed to dry overnight will become more difficult to remove. This also applies to hot beverages as they become heat set. So whenever possible always deal with any stains as soon as they happen. Cover gloss paint with cling film or polythene to prevent drying.
Blot any surface liquid, or in the case of other spills, remove as much of the spillage as possible.
Holding the Renew Organic Stain Remover approximately 12" away, direct the spray to cover the whole stain.
Using the bottom of a dessert spoon, agitate the solution on & around the stain.
With a clean white cloth, apply pressure and blot up the renew Organic Stain Remover solution. Never rub the stain or

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.164319
Retrieved Text: Cosmetic treatments on Am I a good candidate for a hair transplant treatment at Renew Clinic?
Am I a good candidate for a hair transplant treatment at Renew Clinic?
Home Ask a specialist Am I a good candidate for a hair transplant treatment at Renew Clinic?
What are the attributes of a candidate for a hair transplant treatment?
For the right candidate, hair restoration with surgical or nonsurgical methods at Renew Skin & Health Clinic can significantly improve one's appearance and general state of well-being. However, at Renew Skin & Health Clinic because professionalism is the key word, we carefully select and decide who is a good candidate for a hair transplant of any type, wanting to make sure that the final result will be successful. The right candidate for a hair transplant procedure at Renew Clinic should also have realistic expectations before undergoing the cosmetic treatment.
The attributes of a good candidate for hair restoration surgery performed at Renew Skin & Health Clinic include the understanding of the fact that the hair loss might continue to progress even after the hair transplant is performed and the prescribed medication is taken.� Possible patients for hair restoration are the men who have been losing their hair due to MPB for more than 5 years and men who have been balding for many years and they already have a stabilized pattern and they are just interested in adding some hair for a more youthful appearance. Hair transplant if also beneficial for those who lost hair due to trauma, burns or cosmetic procedures such

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.132929
Retrieved Text: Archbishop Cupich wants your participation!
St. Linus in 2020. We will begin giving details about this process so that we are prepared. For now, please pray for the process and the renewal it will generate.
The Renew My Church initiative continues throughout the Archdiocese, and as we have mentioned will eventually reach us. When our parish becomes an activated group, sometime in the next year of two, there will be many meetings and discussions, led by the Archdiocese. The Archdiocese is very prepared for this process, and will help make the changes as ‘easy’ as possible. In the meantime, pray for the Renew My Church initiative and the currently activated groupings.
Essentially, the Church is asking that we develop a sustainable model of Parish life for the next generation (or 2) in the midst of a reduced number of clergy. Developing such a model of parish life can be life-giving, but only if we understand it will require change on all of our parts. In the midst of fewer clergy, can the Church still be alive and vibrant? Of course it can!! The groupings will give us the opportunity to see and explore new possibilities.
The Renew My Church initiative which I have mentioned in the past, will begin at St. Linus in 2020. I will begin giving details about this process so that we are prepared.
For now, please pray for the process and the renewal it will generate.
The challenge the church faces today especially as it implements Renew My Church is that none of us is so possessive or

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.128268
Retrieved Text: Domain name registration is not a permanent thing. You have to renew it annually or you will lose ownership of your domain. So, it is essential that you do not forget to renew your domain name registration. But unfortunately it is quite possible to forget to renew a domain name. Domain name registration cost and renewal cost is more or less same. Availability of coupon codes such as godaddy renewal coupon can reduce the price to a great extent.
So, what do you do to avoid such a situation? You can opt for auto renewal of your domains. This way you never have to remember all the registration dates and times of renewal. Your registrar will inform you before the renewal is due. And the renewal charges will be debited from your bank account directly or else charged to your credit card. Once the renewal has been done, the registrar will let you know of the successful renewal through emails.
In case you don’t want to continue with the domain name, you can let them know once your pre renewal email has been sent. They generally send the email a few days before renewal so you have plenty of time to let go of the domain. The whole process is very easy with minimum hassle so you will save yourself a lot of trouble by choosing auto renewal for your domain.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.119591
Retrieved Text: We called it a day to Inspire... Believe... Achieve and our 5th Annual Conference and first ever Awards Ceremony certainly did all that!
A wonderful day of celebration with Lesley Griffiths, AM and Cabinet Secretary for Environment and Rural Affairs and Mick Brown, CEO of Robert Owen Community Banking, sponsors of the Senedd and Awards. The two sessions were led by John Rose of the Lottery and Neil Lewis of Renew Wales and supported by excellent speakers Paul Allen and Amy Cameron, but the stars of the show were definitely the award finalists and winners who demonstrated what it is possible to achieve when you put your mind to it. We had a packed audience of 100 delegates and special guests, all there to celebrate the achievements of Communities and that of Renew, in their fight against climate change. John Rose was particularly pleased to announce further funding for the next two years, which was met with abundant applause! The day was rounded off with a fantastic poetic summary of the day from Emily Hinshelwood who captured the positive buzz and enthusiasm of the day. Thanks to the Big Lottery Fund and the Renew Wales Staff, Coordinators, Mentors, Community Groups and all Stakeholders for making the past five years a tremendous success!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.0572405
Retrieved Text: We excel even in the basics to give you the optimal JoobsBox VPS hosting experience possible.
Get your JoobsBox website up and running on your new VPS server in less than an hour with our free JoobsBox transfer service. Our technical support is 24/7 available and can initiate the transfer for you right away.
No skills? No time? No problem - with your fully managed JoobsBox VPS Hosting you get 24/7 expert JoobsBox Support as well.
Some go unmanaged, some help you manage your server – we offer real fully managed JoobsBox VPS Hosting. This means great support for both your JoobsBox website and server so you can focus on creating an amazing JoobsBox website while we handle the heavy work.
Register or transfer an existing domain for free with every JoobsBox VPS hosting plan.
Every JoobsBox VPS hosting plan comes with a Free Domain Name. If you already have a domain you can get a free transfer to FastComet. Either way, you will never need to renew your domain name again – we will renew it for you free of charge, for as long as you have your JoobsBox website hosted with us.
No sneaky surprises - renew your JoobsBox VPS Hosting on the same great price you signed up for.
Tired of being charged extra for being a loyal customer? We have strict fair policy for 100% customer satisfaction – no hidden fees, no surprises. You will always renew your JoobsBox VPS Hosting on the same great price you sign up for and we will never charge you extra.
to get the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.016388
Retrieved Text: Membership renewal is in full flow. Over 1,000 members have registered with the new web site created to host our renewals. Around 1,300 direct debits will be applied for tomorrow and over 300 renewals have been made by phone. I don’t yet know how many members have renewed by cheque, but based on what’s happened in previous year, less than 25% of the membership still need to renew.
I am at Warners next week and will amongst other things review the renewal campaign to date. As with every year there will be things to learn. We already plan to change the invitation slightly and a second batch will be sent out late next week or early the week following – I’ll update Shed Notices when this happens.
There has been a small but frustrating instance of members joining instead of renewing. Warners have refined the descriptions of the Joiner and Renewal subscription offers. They read very differently: each has a concise description to differentiate them; the first lines contain either the words “new member” or “renewal”; and they’re on separate tabs in the system (though this isn’t a change). Hopefully the opportunity for confusion should now be minimal. I don’t know whether it’s possible to generate a warning if you try to subscribe to something you already have, but I’ll be talking to Warners about this next week.
Finally, may I remind those who haven’t yet renewed that renewal in person at the National Garden Railway Show on 7th April will not be an option. I proposed this in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.009307
Retrieved Text: The permanent residency in United States is indicated by a card which is known as green card. Green card has been originated in 1946 and is used until now. It was referred as green card because of its green color but later its color has been changed in 2010. It is an immigration process to live permanently in United States. It serves as a proof that an individual is a law full resident of United States. Every citizen must possess updated permanent resident card else he will be removed from the United States. Many people don’t bother to update their green card which causes several problems to them. For those who want to update their green card and worried about how long does it take to renew green card here is the process and other further details.
If you are permanent resident of United States then although you can’t be deported from US unless you involve in such act which takes your right to live in United States. Still, the green card has a limit of 10 years. After every 10 years you need to renew your green card. Now the problem is how long does it take to renew green card. It is important to realize six months before the card has to be expired because you need to apply for renewal of green card before it expires. If you realize late then you have apply for renewal as soon as possible.
To know exactly how long does it take to renew green card here is the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.006446
Retrieved Text: Renew Newcastle, in association with The Lock-Up, is pleased to present Creative Talks, a series of breakfast lectures presented by people who are making a living from their creativity. Hear of their pathway to success, the lessons they have learned (good and bad) and the pearls of wisdom they want to share with you.
This is followed by an audience Q&A and the opportunity to mingle with local creatives from a wide range of backgrounds.
Subscribe to the Renew Newcastle e-newsletter or like Renew Newcastle on Facebook to be kept in the loop about upcoming talks in 2016.
Meet, greet and eat at Creative Talks.
Creative Talks is kindly hosted by The Lock-Up.
Breakfast is generously sponsored by The Newcastle Herald.
Creative Talks is made possible by the generous support of Newcastle City Council.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.006292
Retrieved Text: Smartcards expire after two years if they are not renewed, for IG purposes.
When the renewal date approaches you will be prompted to renew at each login, so that you can renew your own card before the expiry date.
being taken to the relevant webpage on the Care Identity Service (CIS) to enter the information.
There is a relevant leaflet.
2.been granted the activity B0263 or B1300 role.
If a Smartcard is not renewed within the two year period, prior to expiry, it will no longer be possible to use the card to access EPS.
A face-to-face meeting with the RA is required – explained above. The RA will use the relevant leaflet.
Q. What if I cannot access the CIS to renew online?
A. An N3 connection is required. Check with your IT provider or PMR system supplier, most systems should allow access to the CIS*. For guidance on troubleshooting other EPS issues see here.
* You may experience problems with accessing the CIS if you are using certain browsers. See here for more.
Q. Why can’t my old Smartcard be renewed?
Older cards with numbers beginning 01, 02 or 03 (in the bottom right hand corner on the back) cannot be renewed or unlocked. Speak with the Registration Authority about getting a new Smartcard in the case the old one reaches its renewal date, or becomes locked.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.979284
Retrieved Text: Renew Medica, London’s leaders in laser hair removal and advanced skin care, have introduced one of America’s top selling skin care ranges, Image, across all 12 of their clinics and to help celebrate they are offering 100 SuperGorgeous readers £10 off one of their bespoke Image peels!
Renew Medica offer a range of Image peels, from a very light resurfacing treatment through to a deeper exfoliation treatment, which can be used to treat every kind of skin complaint, including acne, fine lines, pigmentation and dry, lifeless skin. You will initially have a consultation with one of Renew Medica’s highly trained practitioners who will really listen to your needs and what you are hoping to achieve, before they prescribe a bespoke Image peel that is most suitable for you.
Along with this your Renew Medica practitioner will advise you on other treatments available that will compliment your peel, and aftercare products that will allow you to achieve the best results possible, leaving you feeling refreshed and rejuvenated.
Renew Medica have also undergone a recent facelift of their own, with their new look and feel clinics being introduced at their Knightsbridge branch and soon to be rolled out across all 11 others throughout the year.
For your chance to receive £10 off a Renew Medica Image peel please email alice@supergorgeous.co.uk with your email address and contact details – the first 100 to be received will win!
Offer runs until midnight on 10th April.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.9735365
Retrieved Text: What Do I Do if I Forgot to Renew My Vet Tech License?
Veterinary techs must have a valid license to continue to work.
1 What Jobs Can I Get With a Veterinary Technician Education?
2 What to Do if Your CNA Certificate Is Expired?
Veterinary technicians care for animal patients under the supervision of a veterinarian. Because the work directly affects the well-being of the animals, each state requires the professionals to acquire training, pass a licensing exam, and maintain a valid license. There are penalties for failing to renew a veterinarian technician license on time. However, they are less severe for those techs who can renew theirs as close to the specified date as possible.
The renewal period for veterinary technician licenses varies by state, but it is typically one to two years after initial certification or after the last renewal. You can check your license for the renewal date to determine the number of days past the reissue date. Many states provide a grace period in which you can renew without a penalty. If your state does this, you can submit an application for renewal without any repercussions. Contact the regulating agency for veterinary technicians in your state to determine whether you are within this grace period. You could also check any renewal notification the office might have sent, or search for this information on the agency's website.
You may still be eligible to renew your license after the grace period. However, you would have to pay a fee for renewing late, in addition to the renewal fee. This

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.926896
Retrieved Text: If you are a Canadian permanent resident, you should be holding a valid permanent resident card. As of 2002, permanent residents who land in Canada receive their permanent resident card (also called a PR card) automatically. If you landed in Canada prior to this time, you have to apply for one on your own. To apply, please contact us. We can help you prepare your application for your initial permanent resident card.
Has Your Canadian Permanent Resident Card Expired?
The first thing you need to do if your permanent resident card has expired is ensure that you make an application for a new card. Your PR card will expire every five years, and you must renew it every time.
In the best case scenario, you should apply to renew your PR card as soon as possible when you notice it is going to expire soon. The most ideal time to renew your PR card is between two to three months before the expiry date on your card.
Photocopies of a primary identity document, two secondary identity documents, proof of your physical presence in Canada, two photos that meet the requirements for a permanent residency card and possibly other documents depending on your individual circumstances – such as if you are a minor or did not meet the residency requirement.
You must also include the Supplementary Identification Form and the fee receipt to show that you’ve paid the fee for the application.
What is the Residency Requirement for a Canadian Permanent Resident Card?
The residency requirement is a very important part of being a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.925562
Retrieved Text: We excel even in the basics to give you the optimal Owl dedicated hosting experience possible.
Get your Owl website up and running on your new Dedicated server in less than an hour with our free Owl transfer service. Our technical support is 24/7 available and can initiate the transfer for you right away.
Most hosting companies charge extra for backup and backup restore services. We give you full, unrestricted access to your dedicated server daily and weekly Owl backups. Moreover, our 24/7 technical support is always ready to give you a hand if you need help restoring your Owl website.
No skills? No time? No problem - with your fully managed Owl Dedicated Servers you get 24/7 expert Owl Support as well.
Some go unmanaged, some help you manage your server – we offer real fully managed Owl Dedicated Hosting. This means great support for both your Owl website and server so you can focus on creating an amazing Owl website while we handle the heavy work.
Register or transfer an existing domain for free with every Owl Dedicated Server order.
Every Owl Dedicated hosting plan comes with a Free Domain Name. If you already have a domain you can get a free transfer to FastComet. Either way, you will never need to renew your domain name again – we will renew it for you free of charge, for as long as you have your Owl website hosted with us.
No sneaky surprises - renew your Owl Dedicated Server on the same great price you signed up for.
Tired of being charged extra

================



======= Instance Index 31 =========
Input Text: Alligators

Which is the correct answer?
- eat gar
- eat only foliage
- have live births
- are warm-blooded

Target Text: eat gar

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.874538
Retrieved Text: Crocodiles and alligators are both reptiles from the same order of animals, named Crocodylia. There are however a number of important differences which set these apex predators apart. Read on to find out what some of these differences are while enjoying all our animal facts for kids.
Crocodiles have a longer, more V-shaped head then alligators.
The fourth tooth of a crocodile sticks out when its mouth is closed.
Crocodiles are better adapted to living in seawater.
Crocodiles are more aggressive than alligators.
Crocodiles tend to have a lighter appearance than alligators.
Crocodiles in the wild are found all over the world while alligators are only found in the US and China.
Alligators have shorter, wider heads that are more U-shaped than crocodiles.
Alligators strongly favor freshwater while some species of crocodile live in seawater.
Alligators tend to have a darker appearance than crocodiles.
Alligators in the wild are only found in the US and China while crocodiles are found all over the world.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.853535
Retrieved Text: John T. Flaherty is chief of design in the New York City Bureau of Sewers. Flaherty is also the resident expert on the most durable urban legend in the history of cities. Flaherty, a good-humored man with an alligator cigarette lighter on his desk tells all, “There are no alligators in the New York City sewer system”.
Alligators are a small part of Flaherty’s business. There are 6,500 miles of sewer lines in New York City ranging from 6-inch pipe to monster sewers as big as a small band shell. Flaherty said, “A well-functioning sewer is a rather pleasant atmosphere-nice and cool in summertime, warm in the wintertime.” It seems just the place for an alligator, but it is not. The legend holds that travelers to Florida adopted baby alligators, tired of them and flushed them down the toilet, sending them to the city sewer system where they grew to immense size.
Flaherty says there are things living in the sewers, most of them rats. There are also insects and some stray fish. There have been some bodies and a few gangs that have set up subterranean sewer clubhouses. There are no alligators because there is not enough space and not enough food. The torrents of water that run through the sewers during a heavy rain would drown even an alligator.
This urban legend is an example of creepy contaminations. The theme of Alligators in the Sewers is of animals contaminating the human environment; of animals lurking where they do not belong. Alligators in the Sewers is one of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.562826
Retrieved Text: National Aquarium | Do You Know Your Crocodilians?
Crocodiles, caimans and alligators, oh my! They may look similar, but there are key differences between these toothy reptiles.
They're all members of the order Crocodilia, but that doesn't mean that crocodiles, caimans and alligators are the same animal. The easiest way to tell the difference between the two better-known species, crocodiles and alligators, is by taking a look at their heads: crocodiles have slender, V-shaped heads, while alligators have broader, U-shaped heads. Their teeth are also telling; when crocodiles close their mouths, both their top and bottom teeth are visible, but only the alligators' upper teeth are visible.
According to a recent study, there also may be a less obvious difference between crocodiles and alligators: the proportions of the bones in their forelimbs and hind limbs. The study suggests there may be slight differences in the lengths of these bones—it suggests that alligators have shorter humerus bones in the forelimbs and shorter femurs in their hind limbs than crocodiles—and these findings can provide more information on the way these two animals move.
Caimans, on the other hand, belong to the same family as alligators, so it's trickier to tell them apart. But to do so, you take a look at their—you guessed it—heads. Caimans have the same broad, U-shaped head as alligators, but have longer, thinner teeth than their alligator counterparts. As a general rule of thumb, these reptiles are typically smaller than both alligators and crocodiles, though adult black caimans can grow to be up to 14 feet long.
There's also

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.562822
Retrieved Text: Jan. 11, 2018 - These North Carolina alligators have adapted to survive in a frozen pond. In response to the cold, they are using a survival technique called brumation. Alligators brumate by slowing down their metabolism and becoming lethargic. Brumating allows alligators to regulate their body temperature and survive all kinds of weather. During extremely cold years, they can stay still for much of the season. As the season ends, the alligators will go through thermoregulation and their bodies will return to normal temperatures.
These North Carolina alligators have adapted to survive in a frozen pond.
In response to the cold, they are using a survival technique called brumation.
Alligators brumate by slowing down their metabolism and becoming lethargic.
Brumating allows alligators to regulate their body temperature and survive all kinds of weather.
During extremely cold years, they can stay still for much of the season.
As the season ends, the alligators will go through thermoregulation and their bodies will return to normal temperatures.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.344112
Retrieved Text: Are There Alligators in South Carolina?
In the United States, alligators can be found in the southeast, including in South Carolina. They can also be found in Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi and Louisiana.
Alligators do not have a tolerance for salt and are therefore found in freshwater environments. Alligators prefer warmer climates and areas that have a high amount of prey, vegetation and mud. However, they can tolerate freezing temperatures in the water. Alligators typically inhabit swamps and marshes, but they can also be found near rivers or small bodies of water.
Alligators create burrows that are up to 20 feet deep in mud banks. They use the burrows or dens to hibernate during times of cold weather.
Alligator Vs. Crocodile: Is There Any Difference?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.292788
Retrieved Text: Recently a seven-foot alligator was videoed by TWRA Region 1 personnel in West Tennessee at the Wolf River WMA in Fayette County. This latest sighting is one of several confirmed sightings of alligators in Southwest Tennessee.
Alligators are naturally expanding their range into Tennessee from the southern border states. TWRA has not stocked any alligators in Tennessee. Alligators expanding into Tennessee is just another species that we must learn to coexist with like many of the other southern states.
Alligators are opportunistic feeders that prey on fish, turtles, snakes, frogs, and waterfowl. Occasionally they will feed on larger animals such as possums, raccoons, and deer.
Alligators can survive Tennessee winters by going into a hibernation-like dormancy called brumation. They can withstand periods of ice by sticking their snout out of the water before it freezes which allows them to continue breathing.
TWRA would like to remind everyone that alligators are a protected species and catching or shooting one is a violation of the law. If you come across one while exploring the outdoors in West TN, leave it alone and enjoy Tennessee’s unique biodiversity.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.266933
Retrieved Text: Ask anyone from the Midwest, even the west coast their thoughts on alligators and you’re likely to hear a range of responses from, “scary” and “vicious” to “exciting” or “interesting”. To most Floridians, living with alligators is simply part of life in the sunshine state, and a very special part indeed. So what is it about these curious reptiles that we love so much? Here are just a few thoughts that make living with alligators Gators, Gators, EverywhereSouth Florida is known for its lavish beaches, gorgeous sunsets and even prettier people. But it’s also home to scores of American alligators. Gators, as we lovingly call them, have been around for generations, inhabiting Florida’s swamps, marshlands, rivers and lakes for centuries. In fact, alligators can be found in all 67 counties throughout the state.It’s true, there’s no escaping gators in these parts. Typically, gators try to keep to themselves, but as the population surges, as it always does, human-gator interaction becomes more and more prevalent. And that’s why there are stories in the news every so often of gators showing up in residential areas, swimming pools, even on front porches of unsuspecting homes.The Work of the Gator Boys Alligator RescueWhile most residents are aware that living with alligators in South Florida is just business as usual, it doesn’t mean coexisting with reptiles is easy or comes naturally. In fact, quite the opposite is true, and that’s where the good work of the Gator Boys Alligator Rescue comes in handy. Expert gator handlers, with a love all things

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.249393
Retrieved Text: Alligators are very large, dangerous aquatic reptiles that can cause damage and danger if they are in close proximity with humans. In areas like Florida, where the swamps and waterways encourage both alligator and human habitation, alligators can become a problem. For anyone who owns a home in an area populated by alligators, the danger from these toothsome beasts is something better eradicated. Although they are large creatures, trapping an alligator does not actually take a traditional "trap." Getting rid of alligators is more efficiently done with a couple of easy steps that are closely related to fishing.
Attach the fish hook to a length of rope. Tie the fish hook on tightly, as it will need to hold up to the weight of an alligator.
Bait the hook with a large piece of beef, chicken or fish. Alligators are very motivated by food and will aggressively jump for the bait once they find it.
Suspend the bait over water that is frequented by alligators. Throw the rope over a pole or tree branch and adjust it so that the hook is 2 feet above the surface of the water. Tie the rope securely. Alligators will jump up to get the bait and get hooked. Allow the hook to hang closer to the water to trap smaller gators.
To trap alligators alive, use commercial trip-snare traps instead of hooks.
Trap gators more effectively by baiting hooks at night to take advantage of an alligator's natural feeding time.
Alligators that are relocated have a proven record of returning to their old habitat.
Due to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.232044
Retrieved Text: In November, two American alligators were flown from the Poconos to Wisconsin to undergo surgery. The story took a sad turn Tuesday morning when one of the alligators died unexpectedly. The alligators had been recovering in their own personalized enclosures built in the basement of the veterinary hospital.
In November, an unlikely pair took to the skies when two American alligators were flown from the Poconos to Wisconsin to undergo surgery.
The story took a sad turn Tuesday morning when one of the alligators died unexpectedly.
"I'm just blown away by it," said the alligators' owner, John Boyko of Bridgeport, Conn.
Boyko keeps them along with nine other gators in a Price Township home he purchased specifically for his reptilian pets.
The gators were injured last summer when five kids broke into the house and pelted the animals with more than 50 rocks.
Nine-year-old "Juvie Gator" and 6-year-old "Baby Gator" suffered the worst of the injuries.
Juvie had a fractured leg, and Baby, who died Tuesday, suffered ulcers and a hernia after eating some of the rocks the children threw. Baby Gator came to Boyko in 2005 from the Catskill Game Farm.
Juvie underwent a 7-hour operation to repair its leg, and Baby had the rocks successfully removed from its stomach.
Baby seemed to be recovering well from the surgery, Boyko said. Two weeks after the operation, a scope procedure revealed most of the ulcers were healed.
It's not unusual for alligators to eat rocks in nature, according to the alligators' veterinarian, Mike Wenninger, formerly of Creature Comforts in Saylorsburg.
But because Baby's ulcers cleared up soon

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.226837
Retrieved Text: How did dinosaurs hear? Researchers now have an idea thanks to alligators. In a new study, researchers have discovered that American alligators process sounds the same way that barn owls and chickens do. And because birds and reptiles last shared a common ancestor nearly 250 million years ago, the finding means the shared hearing strategy originated before dinosaurs existed.
Sound reaches each ear at different times. The brain uses this lag to figure out where in space the sound came from. In birds, the brain creates a map from this time difference to pinpoint a sound’s location. Unlike birds, mammals do not create these neural maps. However, they still use this gap between when each ear hears a sound to deduce its position. Since birds and mammals use different strategies to process sound, that means hearing evolved differently in the two groups. So, to get a better grasp on how hearing evolved, Carr turned to alligators.
When Carr and her colleague, Lutz Kettler, a neuroscientist at the Technical University of Munich in Germany, peered at the brains of birds and alligators under the microscope, they saw that the brain structures looked quite similar. “So we suspected there might be neural maps [in alligators] like in birds,” Kettler said.
To find out how alligators process sound, the researchers played tones through headphones to 40 anesthetized American alligators. As the reptiles listened to the sounds, the researchers monitored the response of the part of the alligators’ brain stem that sorts out incoming sound information. When the researchers compared the alligators’ hearing

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.202757
Retrieved Text: Alligators do not hibernate during winter, but they do brummate. Brummate is when an alligator slows down its metabolic rate, but doesn't enter a state of hibernation.
Alligators are cold-blooded animals and prefer warm weather and warm water temperatures. In areas where winters are cold, alligators will try to stay submerged in water or find a burrow to rest. These areas provide less temperature changes than being out in the open air and can help the alligator retain warmth.
When alligators brummate they remain very still. Many will lie near the bottom of their burrow, only surfacing to breathe. Some float on top the water or lie on vegetation during the coldest parts of winter.
Browse Relevant Sites & Find Do Alligators Hibernate. All Here!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.164038
Retrieved Text: Alligator is a genus in the order Crocodilia. There are two living species: the American alligator and the smaller Chinese alligator. Together with the caimans, the gharials, and the crocodiles, they make up the order Crocodilia.
The first alligators existed about 37 million years ago. However, older species of alligators have become extinct.
An average adult American alligator weighs 360 kg (790 lb) and is 4.0 m (13.1 ft) long. However, they can grow to 4.4 m (14 ft) long and weigh over 450 kg (990 lb).
The largest alligator ever recorded, found in Louisiana, was 5.84 m (19.2 ft) long.
The Chinese alligator is smaller. It is rarely longer than 2.1 m (6.9 ft). In addition, it weighs considerably less than the American alligator. Male Chinese alligators rarely weigh over 45 kg (99 lb).
Nobody knows how long alligators live, on average. An 80-year-old alligator named Muja, living in the Belgrade Zoo in Serbia, is thought to be the oldest alligator living in captivity.
Although the alligator often moves slowly, it can run very fast for short times, especially in very short lunges. Usually, alligators' main prey are smaller animals they can kill and eat with a single bite. If the prey is not big enough to eat in one bite, they may drag the animal into the water to drown. They may also bite their prey and then spin or wildly until bite-sized chunks are torn off. This is called a "death roll".
Alligators are generally timid towards humans and tend to walk or swim away if a human comes near

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.138334
Retrieved Text: Whether you're a full-time resident, or just visiting the area, there's a long list of great things to see and do in Southwest Florida.
At the top of that list is exploring the Florida Everglades, with its many nature preserves, wetlands, and wildlife management areas. Many of the animals that call these preserves home are on the protected species list. And one of the most popular inhabitants of this wetland paradise is the American Alligator.
NEVER FEED ALLIGATORS -- it's dangerous and illegal. When fed, alligators can overcome their natural wariness and learn to associate people with food. When this happens, some of these alligators have to be removed and killed.
Alligators are a fundamental part of Florida's wetlands, swamps, rivers and lakes, and they are found in all 67 counties. Florida continues to experience human population growth. Many new residents seek waterfront homes, resulting in increased interactions between people and alligators.
Although most Floridians understand that we have alligators living in our state, the potential for conflict exists. Because of their predatory nature, alligators may target pets and livestock as prey. Unfortunately, people also are occasionally bitten. Since 1948, Florida has averaged about five unprovoked bites per year. During that period, a little more than 300 unprovoked bites to people have been documented in Florida, with 22 resulting in deaths.
In the past 10 years, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has received an average of nearly 16,000 alligator-related complaints per year. Most of these complaints deal with alligators occurring in places such as backyard ponds, canals, ditches and

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.113607
Retrieved Text: If you observe a tagged alligator, please report the sighting to Town Biologists. The simplest way is to use the Town’s online application. Simply open the map, zoom to the sighting location, click the small alligator icon in the upper right hand corner, and follow the on-screen instructions. You can also report a sighting by emailing Jim Jordan with details of the sighting (Date, Time, Location, Behavior, Tag Number and Color).
The Kiawah Conservancy, in partnership with TOKI, KICA, the Medical University of South Carolina (MUSC), and Clemson University began an alligator study in 2015, focusing primarily on alligator health and physiology. The Clemson study continued during 2016-2017 and 39 alligators have been captured to date. This new TOKI/KICA study will take advantage of these capture efforts to obtain additional information on alligators.
All captured alligators are fitted with visible, numbered tags so that they can be easily identified in the field by biologists, residents, and visitors. Two visual tags (blue for males, yellow for females) are placed on each alligator, one behind the head and one on the tail. Capture efforts focus on areas where nuisance alligators are the most prevalent, typically near popular fishing and crabbing locations. Several recent studies have suggested that capturing and handling alligators increases their fear of people, thereby, reducing human/alligator conflicts. Observations of tagged animals will allow biologists to document changes in alligator behavior after capture. In addition to visual tags, a subset of 12 alligators were fitted with VHF transmitters in 2016. In addition, 5 alligators were fitted with GPS

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.07658
Retrieved Text: In a study which significantly upgrades the badass-ness of alligators, researchers have revealed that the creatures quite often kill and eat sharks.
Despite being freshwater animals, alligators quite regularly pounce on and eat four species of shark, a new scientific study has found.
Dr Nifong found instances of alligators eating lemon, nurse and bonnethead sharks – by pumping the stomachs of 500 alligators.
Prof Steven Gabrey at the Northwestern State University of Louisiana agreed ‘gators will eat anything that will fit in their mouths’, but has never found shark in their stomachs.
A 19th century article tells of hundreds of alligators and sharks ‘fighting like dogs’. Dr Nifong also found accounts of sharks eating American and Australian crocs.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.01886
Retrieved Text: LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. - Firefighters at Walt Disney World were warned to stop feeding alligators at one of the resort's fire stations two months before an alligator killed a toddler.
According to emails obtained by News 6, Reedy Creek Emergency Services admonished firefighters for feeding at least one of two alligators at Station No. 3, which is less than a half-mile from Seven Seas Lagoon, where 2-year-old Lane Graves was pulled into the water by a gator in June and killed.
In the first email, dated April 17, a dispatcher alerted his supervisors about a problem with gators near the fire station.
"They are coming out in the parking lot much more than others in the past. They are not docile gators, they are mean, and they are out looking for food because people are feeding them," the email said.
Communications Captain Claude Rodgers addressed the fire command staff.
"It was brought to our attention firefighters are feeding the alligators (this is illegal)," Rodgers wrote. "As you can imagine this is making the communicators nervous because they are fearful of walking to their car and their leg becoming dinner."
Reedy Creek District administrator John Classe said Disney's animal-control department was contacted, but he did not know whether either alligator was ever removed.
A Disney spokeswoman said Wednesday that it was unclear whether the gator had been removed.
Sara Brady, who represents the Graves family, said Lane's parents had no comment about the emails.
Feeding alligators is illegal in Florida.
More than a million alligators live throughout Florida, though the species remains listed as a protected

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.982862
Retrieved Text: Here’s A Freaky Restaurant Grandma Forgot To Tell You About.
Let's face it: In 2015, this tourist attraction wouldn't be an attraction at all, but a lawsuit waiting to happen. But from 1907-1953, this Los Angeles location earned a small fortune because it was so popular. Basically, it invited visitors to do something that was probably unwise: hang out, play, and eat with alligators.
Alligator Farm was started by Francis Earnest and his partner Joe Campbell, and contained almost 1,000 exotic alligators. The farm offered such attractions as watching the alligators being fed with live chickens, perform tricks and wrestle with humans. It sounds absolutely insane, but we've got the photos to prove it.
These were some of the early postcards from the park, just in case you wanted your friends and family to know that you let your baby play with baby alligators.
Or let your toddler do this.
Clearly, getting up close and personal wasn't really seen as a problem here.
The visitors were encouraged to treat the alligators as hands-on as possible.
This is a real photograph of some young ladies dining in a pond of swarming alligators at feeding time.
Feeding time was a popular activity.
As well as, apparently, letting your child be approached by a horde of hungry gators.
Miraculously, none of the visitors were ever recorded as being bitten.
But then again, maybe they just didn't write it down.
Even pets were welcome to join in on the fun.
If those images weren't insane enough for you, check out this video footage from the park.
For the residents around the park, it was

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.930183
Retrieved Text: Cats, dogs, even horses. Ask kids their favorite animal, and these may be the most common answers. But what about alligators?
For junior Alanah Grisby her fascination and love for alligators began when she was 10.
One of her favorite memories was going to Florida and being able to see alligators in person. “It was a dream come true.” Grisby was bummed when she wasn’t able to go to Gatorland but was grateful she at least got to experience Wild Florida Airboats & Gator Park. She recalls being able to physically hold an alligator. “It was really cool holding him,” she said.
Her dreams don’t stop there. Grisby’s passion for the animals have helped her plan out the rest of her life. “I’m going to go to college and major in zoology,” she said. “I plan on studying abroad in Africa and study the savannah safari.” After she earns her degree she would like to reside in Florida and work with alligators and other animals.
With alligators being her main focus, Grisby is an animal lover in general. “I want to help the animals that are endangered,” she said, adding that she dreams of opening an animal sanctuary one day.
“Alligators aren’t endangered, but of course they will be there!” Planning to help as many animals as she can she wants to go down in history as someone who made a difference.
Grisby wants to make people realize that alligators are not cold-blooded killers. “People think that they’re just going to kill you,” she said.
While crocodiles will kill their own children, Grisby

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.907343
Retrieved Text: There are two species of alligators: the American alligator and the Chinese alligator, neither species is endowed with what one would call superior intelligent. Neither are the owners of this cat.
I grew up in Florida. We lived on a lake, swam in that lake, saw alligators in that lake--even witnessed a fight between two large male alligators. What we were smart enough never to do was feed the alligators, or let our dogs swim in the lake without someone watching for 'gators.
Alligator are poikilothermic (cold-blooded) which means their body temperature is at the mercy of their surroundings. On cold nights, alligators stay underwater because water loses heat to the atmosphere slowly. When the air warms up, and the sun is out, gators sunbath. People mistakenly assume these large, lumbering, groggy-looking reptiles are too slow to be dangerous. Far from it. Gators are capable of alarming bursts of speed. Their main prey of small (cat-sized) animals, which they can kill and eat in a single bite, are taken in split second lunges.
In a behavior called the 'death roll,' large prey are grabbed, and dragged under water. The gator then spins, twisting off bite-sized chunks.
"Most of the muscle in an alligator's jaw evolved to bite and grip prey. The muscles that close the jaws are exceptionally powerful, but the muscles for opening their jaws are comparatively weak. As a result, an adult human can hold an alligator's jaws shut barehanded. It is common today to use several wraps of duct tape to prevent an adult alligator from opening

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.906713
Retrieved Text: Dustin Bockman caught and killed a very large alligator over the weekend with some friends. He shot the thirteen foot creature with a bow and arrow, in Mississippi’s first statewide official alligator hunt. It was a record-setting catch, but this seems to be sort of a sad accomplishment, because the alligator did nothing to humans ever. In other words, it had not attacked or harmed humans, so killing it seems more about bragging rights than good sense.
It has been thought by some that these smaller, prey-size alligators ranging from four to seven feet long are typically the nuisance alligators, meaning that they get into areas where there are humans, such as backyards, golf courses, roadsides, parks and swimming pools.
One might argue that it was just one very large alligator that was killed in Mississippi, but actually another one of about the same size was also killed in the same time period.
It has been estimated that Mississippi has 32,000 – 38,000 wild alligators. Fourteen counties don’t have records of alligators, but Jackson county has about 7,500 and Hancock has 3,900.
The state department of wildlife, fisheries and parks has estimated that alligators in Mississippi are larger than in other Southern states. Over twenty percent of alligators at Little Sunflower River in Yazoo and Sharkey Counties were estimated to be over ten feet long. The fact that there are large alligators in these areas is not a problem, if there are not many humans around. These animals do not hunt and eat humans.
One of the recent gator killers has

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.888515
Retrieved Text: Which hotel had live alligators living in marble ponds in the lobby until 1948?
If you guessed The Jefferson Hotel (1895) in Richmond, Virginia, you guessed correctly!
The alligators that lived in the marble pools in the Palm Court at the Jefferson were world famous with visitors and guests of the hotel. Numerous Richmonders and hotel guests enthusiastically donated pet alligators to the hotel. Old Pompey, the last alligator living in the marble pools of the Jefferson's Palm Court, survived until 1948. Bronze statues of the alligators now decorate the hotel.
Today the Jefferson Hotel is still the hub of Richmond society, and has been welcoming guests for over 120 years.
Learn more about The Jefferson Hotel and book your next stay.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.867653
Retrieved Text: In alligators and other crocodilian species, being bigger than your conspecifics can have decisive benefits: Females only accept males larger than themselves as mates and larger alligators are much more likely to win territorial fights. However, direct physical confrontations can lead to lethal injuries so it would be advantageous if fights could be avoided by individuals reliably signalling their body size to potential mates and rivals early on. One way to achieve this is by "honest" acoustic cues to body size in vocalizations. A team around Tecumseh Fitch at the Department of Cognitive Biology at the University of Vienna has now identified cues to body size in calls of American alligators, which is the first finding of this kind in reptiles.
American alligators produce very low-pitched rumbling roars, so called "bellows", year-round and most frequently during mating season. Interestingly, the bellowing displays differ between the sexes, as study co-author Kent Vliet from the University of Florida had previously described: Only male alligators produce a "water dance", visible due to water droplets sprinkling over their backs, preceding the audible bellow.
For the current study, lead-author Stephan Reber and Judith Janisch of the University of Vienna recorded the bellows of 43 adult American alligators at the St. Augustine Alligator Farm Zoological Park in Florida. Then the curators of the institution, Kevin Torregrosa and Jim Darlington, together with the two researchers, measured the head and total body length of all the alligators up close with measuring tapes and hand-held laser-distance-measurement devices.
In a detailed acoustic analysis, Reber found that frequencies produced by

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.83136
Retrieved Text: We just wrapped up harvest season at the swamp and have now introduced more baby alligators to our family here at Alligator Alley! But before these eggs hatched, we had to retrieve them from their nests – you know, the nests made and guarded by angry mama alligators. Not the safest task, but a life-changing experience for sure.
Every year during harvesting season, typically alligator eggs begin to hatch and use their egg tooth to crack open their shell and escape into the world. Once they have emerged from their shells, they immediately begin their search for food and dodge predators along the way.
On alligator farms, the staff often assist the mother in the process, which is called “harvesting.” Basically, the farmers will retrieve the eggs from the nest and place them in an incubator. After they hatch, the hatchlings become new additions to the farm!
These baby alligators are watched over by their protective mama alligator until she believes they are ready to “take on the real world” by themselves. This generally takes about a year and then the baby alligators join a pod for up to three years postpartum. Staying in pods help protect the young from predators like raccoons, large fish, birds of prey and even other alligators!
As eggs usually hatch in June or July, they begin to leave the juvenile stage and transition into adulthood while still protected in their pods. Once the young alligators have reached four feet in length, they are then considered virtually invulnerable in the wild (and at the swamp),

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.788631
Retrieved Text: The American alligator is a relatively large species of crocodilian. On average it is the second largest species in the Alligatoridaefamily, behind only the black caiman. As with all crocodilians, and as opposed to many mammals where size eventually diminishes with old age, healthy American alligators may continue to expand throughout their lives and the oldest specimens are the largest. Very old, large male American alligators reach an expected maximum size of up to 4.6 m (15 ft) in length, weighing up to 453 kg (1,000 lb), while females reach a maximum of 3 m (9.8 ft). On rare occasions, a large, old male may grow to an even greater length.
The American alligator is considered an apex predator throughout its range. They are opportunists and their diet is determined largely by both the size and age of the American alligator and the size and availability of prey. Most American alligators will eat a wide variety of animals, including invertebrates, fish, birds, turtles, snakes, amphibians, and mammals. Hatchlings mostly feed on invertebrates such as insects, insect larvae, snails, spiders, and worms. As they grow, American alligators gradually expand to larger prey. Once an American alligator reaches adulthood, any animal living in the water or coming to the water to drink is potential prey, due to the size and power of the American alligator.
However, most animals captured by American alligators are considerably smaller than the American alligator itself. Stomach contents show, among native mammals, muskrats and raccoons are some of the most commonly eaten species. In Louisiana, where

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.763018
Retrieved Text: Did you know that all alligators are crocodiles, but that not all crocodiles are alligators?
Crocodiles and alligators are both part of the reptilian order Crocodylia. But they're part of different families, Crocodylidae and Alligatoridae respectively. Usually when people say "crocodile," they really mean "crocodilian." In total, there are some 23 unique species of crocodilians, including those in the lesser known family, Gavialidae.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.752527
Retrieved Text: During spring, alligators become more active and visible which most residents in Florida are aware of. When temperatures rise, their metabolism increases and causing them to become hungry, leading them to begin seeking prey. Although alligator bite incidents resulting in serious injury are rare in Florida, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC) recommends taking precautions when having fun in and around the water.
Florida’s state reptile is the American alligator and is an important part of Florida’s wetland habitats. You can find this large reptile throughout the state in freshwater lakes, ponds, swamps, and slow-moving rivers.
Alligators control their body temperature by basking in the sun, where they can be easily observed. If you see an alligator, keep your distance and never feed alligators because it is dangerous and illegal. Alligators that are fed can overcome their natural wariness and will learn to associate people with food.
According to the FWC, the most active time for Alligators happens between dusk and dawn. In order to reduce the chances of conflicts with alligators, only swim during daylight hours and in designated swimming areas.
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission also recommends pet owners to keep their animals on a leash and away from the water because pets can resemble an alligator’s natural prey.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.738768
Retrieved Text: The great Florida swamp is a terrible place to raise a family.
Wading birds with nests in the Everglades worry constantly. Bandits are everywhere. They steal babies and eat them, sometimes in front of the parents, or off to the side, where the crunching and chewing by raccoons and possums are easily heard.
Over time, a study released Wednesday says, egrets, herons, ibises and storks that nest on islands developed a strategy. They nestle on tree limbs near alligators, which chase and sometimes eat nest raiders. For that service, alligators demand a heavy price — some of the birds' offspring. That's right: child sacrifice.
Birds often produce more chicks than they can care for, so one falling out of a nest to be eaten by a gator when the chick would otherwise starve is just nature being cruel. They're not exactly shoved out, but grow weak from neglect, or are accidentally bumped by siblings wrestling for food.
For years, anecdotal evidence suggested that birds engage in this type of behavior all over the world, said the study's lead author, Lucas Nell, who was a student at the University of Florida during the two-year research that ended in 2014. But he looked for something new — whether alligators enjoyed the benefits of this Faustian bargain.
As it turns out, according to the study published in PLOS One, they do. Gators that inhabit tree islands with noisy bird colonies are six pounds heavier than gators that live about a half-mile away. "They're just taking advantage of what they know to be a food

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.713024
Retrieved Text: We got to hold a juvenile alligator during our swamp tour.
First let me set your mind at ease, we were only hunting alligators with our eyes and our cameras (though we did eat some alligator bisque while in New Orleans). While most activities in New Orleans center on history, culture, and cuisine, the city provides a unique opportunity for travelers to experience nature as well on a New Orleans swamp tour. The Louisiana swamps and bayous, just a short drive from New Orleans, give visitors the chance to take a boat ride and see swamp animals and plants in the great outdoors.
A canal through the Jean Lafitte National Park and Preserve.
We took our swamp and bayou tour through the Jean Lafitte National Park and Preserve. The park is named for Jean Lafitte, a pirate in the Gulf of Mexico in the early 1800s. Jean Lafitte Swamp & Airboat Tours is the only company in Louisiana that can guide guests through the national park. We joined one of their tours through Gray Line Tours New Orleans.
There are lots of gators on a New Orleans swamp tour.
Tours travel through the Louisiana swamp on special swamp boats, traveling through canals and bayous. The canal, a straight waterway built for oil drilling and logging, joins the Bayou Aux Carpes. Bayou means slow moving water, and the bayous are natural waterways that bend and turn through the swamp, bordered by bald cypress draped in cascading Spanish moss and the occasional mistletoe.
Turtles hanging out in the Louisiana swamp.
The swamp is teaming with

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.704157
Retrieved Text: An alligator swims Friday, March 6, 2015, in the newly renovated Mississippi Delta Country exhibit at the Tennessee Aquarium in Chattanooga, Tenn. Renovations to the exhibit included the addition of 13 small new alligators.
Download the Tennessee Aquarium's free app, which offers a schedule of events and programs, along with an interactive checklist of all the animals to see.
José is no longer the lone gator in the tank.
The Tennessee Aquarium has hosted one alligator at a time since it opened, but now the Delta Swamp exhibit is home to 13 male American alligators — and José is learning to share his newly revamped home.
"He has blended right in with the new alligators," said Dave Cheris, an animal care specialist at the aquarium. "He is becoming one of the pack."
Friday marked the grand opening of the aquarium's newly renovated Delta Country Alligator Bayou, which re-creates the feeling of being in a coastal swamp with overgrown vegetation and tree stumps. Visitors walking through the exhibit can watch the alligators during feeding time and as they lie in piles atop logs. The glass walls of the open-air tanks allow everyone to watch as the scaly reptiles use their long tails to propel themselves through the water.
A shack made of rustic wood rests on the far bank of the exhibit, and alligator trainers emerge from it twice a day to feed fish and rodents to the cold-blooded reptiles.
The new alligators aren't Jose's only co-inhabitants in the exhibit's three open-air tanks. There are turtles, more than 10 varieties of fish and an

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.656528
Retrieved Text: Attaining a length of six to eight feet at adulthood, the American alligator is North America’s largest flesh-eating reptile. The alligator’s thick and powerful tail, used for propulsion and defense, accounts for half its body length. Similar in appearance to the endangered American crocodile, the American alligator has a stockier build and broader head and snout; unlike crocodiles, alligators’ teeth are not visible when their jaws are closed.
Alligators inhabit the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Texas, and the Carolinas. Their preferred habitat includes shallow lakes, ponds, swamps, marshes, and rivers. Widespread hunting threatened the species with extinction in the 1960s, causing the American alligator to receive federal protection under the Endangered Species Act in 1973. Today, the species has made a remarkable recovery, such that controlled hunting is permitted in some areas. The American alligator still receives federal protection as a threatened species. Alligators have an average lifespan of fifty years.
Alligators enjoy an extremely varied diet, feeding on delicacies such as insects, frogs, fish, turtles, birds, and land mammals. At home in the water, and surprisingly agile on land, alligators have a distinct advantage against any potential prey that finds itself in or near their grasp. Although instances of alligator attacks on people are relatively rare, human negligence and continued habitat destruction could lead to further tragedies.
Two of the best places to observe American alligators in the wild in Texas are Aransas National Wildlife Refuge and Brazos Bend State Park.

================



======= Instance Index 239 =========
Input Text: An example of conservation would be

Which is the correct answer?
- burning
- sinking
- burying
- going green

Target Text: going green

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.047667
Retrieved Text: The Conservation Commission and the Westford Conservation Trust together have organized the Westford Land and Trails Stewards to take care of the conservation land in town. The Stewards regularly monitor conservation land areas to be aware of current conditions, and particularly to ascertain whether the land is being respected as it should be. The Stewards also maintain trails to keep them from getting overgrown.
Currently, a group of Stewards goes on organized trail projects regularly on Tuesday mornings. As an example, in November the group worked on a flooded area at the north end of Greystone Pond. They made two bypass trails over higher ground so walkers can now walk around the entire pond on dry land. These fresh-air projects are fun and everyone is welcome. If you would like to join, contact Bill Harman (692-3907, harmanwh@comcast.net).
In some cases, Stewards have found dumping of leaves and/or grass clippings on Conservation Land, although that is prohibited. Some people may ask why dumping of leaves or clippings is not permitted. Although these are natural materials, they would change the ecology of the land and spoil the natural conditions, which are the main purpose of Conservation Land. Dumping of leaves, etc., would also impair the attractive, natural conditions of the land, and degrade the appearance of the neighborhood. For land under Conservation Restriction, the most direct reason for the restriction on dumping is simply that it is explicitly prohibited in the Conservation Restriction as recorded in the Registry of Deeds.
Maps of trails in Westford can be found at the Westford

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.037222
Retrieved Text: An agricultural conservation easement is a voluntary, legally recorded deed restriction that is placed on a specific property used for agricultural production. The goal of an agricultural conservation easement is to maintain agricultural land in active production by removing the development pressures from the land. Such an easement prohibits practices that would damage or interfere with the agricultural use of the land. Because the easement is a restriction on the deed of the property, the easement remains in effect even when the land changes ownership.
Agricultural conservation easements are created specifically to support agriculture and prevent development on the subject parcels. While other benefits may accrue because the land is not developed (scenic and habitat values, for example), the primary use of the land is agricultural.
Agricultural conservation easements are held by land trusts or local governments, which are responsible for ensuring that the terms of the easement are upheld. The easement may be donated to the easement holder, purchased (if the easement holder can obtain funding), or a combination of the two. Each agricultural conservation easement is negotiated between the landowner, the easement holder, and any funding sources.
An increasing number of California cities and counties have adopted agricultural conservation easement programs to help mitigate the impact of farmland conversion to non-farm uses, particularly urban development. These programs typically require the proponent of a project that would result in urban development of farm land to purchase agricultural conservation easements on other land that result in the permanent preservation of that land for agricultural production.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.976307
Retrieved Text: I have just attended a big international conservation meeting for the past week and there was a lot of discussion about the “Cecil the Lion Phenomenon.” In many discussions, the terms animal welfare and animal rights were brought up frequently, and it was very clear that many conservation scientists do not know the difference between the terms, or the differences between those who advocate on issues that are more about individuals than species or populations. When the term “welfare” was brought up, it was often with scorn and PETA was almost always the organisation that was given as an example. This really does show a fundamental lack of understanding about advocates and organisations that represent individual animals, and that could be major (even essential) assets and allies in conservation.
Animal rightist – As the name suggests, animal rightists believe animals have fundamental rights, and may advocate for essentially a “bill of rights” for some, or all, animals. This again is a spectrum, with those on the far end advocating that even keeping domesticated pets is wrong. But conversely, many religious cultures are essentially animal rightist, such as Buddhism. Many vegetarians, and especially vegans, though not those who practice these eating patterns for health purposes, would effectively be somewhere in this spectrum. Conservation scientists often lump all animal rightists with extremists, but that is akin to saying that all Republicans (for the Americans) or Tory/Conservative voters (for the British) are just like Sarah Palin/Donald Trump or Nigel Farage, respectively (other nations feel free to add your own extremist

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.851732
Retrieved Text: A recent paper published in the academic journal Cogent Environmental Science presents the results of a multi-stakeholder exercise aimed at identifying conservation priorities in Peninsula Malaysia. The paper ranks 35 conservation priorities and according to the authors this list is, “expected to influence the work of policy-makers and others in Peninsula Malaysia and can be used as a model to identify conservation priorities elsewhere”.
By 2025, at least 20% of terrestrial areas and inland waters, and 10% of coastal and marine areas, are conserved through a representative system of protected areas and other effective area-based conservation measures.
The authors explain that “there is a lack of clear priorities for conservation” in Malaysia, and add that the lack of funds allocated for the environment and related sectors in the 2016 Federal Budget could be interpreted as an example of the low priority given to the environment and biodiversity.
a prioritisation exercise would be useful to guide conservation policy and practice, optimising the limited available resources, especially if it involves the participation of key stakeholders such as government agencies, non-governmental organisations (NGOs), academics and the private sector.
not all relevant stakeholder groups were invited to participate in this prioritisation exercise. Farmers, indigenous communities and poachers were not involved and their views are likely to differ compared with those of the four groups involved.
The multi-stakeholder process involved two workshops held at the University of Nottingham Malaysia Campus and co-hosted by the Malaysian Ministry of Natural Resources and the Environment. The themes were identified in the first workshop. Then an online survey was used

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.735546
Retrieved Text: Sadly, 75% of coral reefs are in danger today. Most people don’t realize how crucial coral reefs are to the balance of our natural environment. While coral reefs only cover 0.0025% of the oceanic floor, they generate half of the Earth’s oxygen and absorb nearly one-third of the carbon dioxide generated from burning fossil fuels.
At Hazelett Marine, we pride ourselves in our eco-friendly product and strive to be environmental stewards, continuously doing more in the realm of ocean conservation. Traditional chain mooring systems generally have a 3 to 1 scope and rake the seabed when boats pull and shift due to the direction and strength of the wind and tides. This damages sensitive eelgrass and coral reef systems. The Hazelett conservation elastic system, connected to a block or Helix screw anchor, floats above the seabed with a minimal environmental footprint.
Because chain is so destructive to ocean environments, more and more harbors, counties, cities and countries around the world are prohibiting chain moorings and are requiring conservation elastic moorings to help preserve our natural environment. The research has been done and the results are clear. In Rhode Island, for example, eelgrass has made an incredible comeback over the last 10 years due to efforts to minimize chain. As a result, the RI EPA is restricting any new or chain replacements and instead is encouraging the switch to conservation moorings.
Hazelett Marine is involved in several eelgrass restoration projects and we have partnered with organizations doing impressive work in ocean conservation. Reef Life Restoration, as an example, is working

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.688898
Retrieved Text: Ann Lewandowski of the Water Resources Center and partners at the University of Wisconsin, Purdue University, and the North Central Region Water Network are developing training and support resources for users of the Agricultural Conservation Planning Framework (ACPF).
The Pollution Control Agency and local governments have worked hard over the past decade to develop water resource management strategies for the major watersheds of Minnesota. But the process for implementing those strategies at the smaller sub-watershed scale is less well developed. The ACPF addresses this sub-watershed scale. It is an ArcGIS-based tool giving local governments the ability to quickly analyze terrain, identify high priority sites where conservation efforts should be focused, and locate specific sites where specific conservation practices would be appropriate. This information saves valuable time by making field visits and stakeholder meetings more targeted and effective.
Download links for the ACPF toolbox and databases.
In the next year, project collaborators will add guidance for using the ACPF as part of a watershed approach to implementing conservation. The group will present workshops and add online resources to support the field staff who interpret the ACPF output maps and use them with stakeholders to get effective conservation practices on and off the ground.
An example of map generated by the ACPF showing opportunities for conservation practices in the Whitewater watershed.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.407486
Retrieved Text: Biodiversity is at its richest in developing countries. Enforcing conservation practises is difficult because for local people, surviving in the short-term by exploiting their resources is more pressing than protecting them for future generations. For example, Kenya's national parks and reserves would be worth about US$270 million per year if it were developed.
In this feature, Henry Nicholls suggests that if locals are expected to conserve their environment, developed countries will need to provide sufficient recompense. Indirect approaches — such as community-based ecotourism — are not enough of an incentive, argues the author. Direct payments to local people, to prevent them fishing or hunting endangered species, could be far more effective in preventing environmental degradation.
However, critics of direct payments believe that they lend conservation a mercenary edge. Instead, they say, locals should be educated and made aware of biodiversity issues as a long-term conservation strategy.
SciDev.Net debate: Biodiversity and development: are they compatible?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.365181
Retrieved Text: Today I note the publication of an editorial by Eddie Game, myself and Andrew Knight in Conservation Letters. Andrew is the former Editor-in-chief (EiC). Eddie is the current EiC. When Andrew was at the helm and Eddie and I were associate editors we got to talking about what it means to do policy relevant conservation science. After all, the mission of Conservation Letters is to publish policy relevant science. Recognizing the role of luck and happenstance, we acknowledge that scientists often do conservation science with no notion, a vague notion, or perhaps a clear notion of how this science could become policy relevant. Often this has to do with policy windows that open up, allowing the opportunity to change how some resource is managed through international agreement, domestic law, agency policy, or managers adopting a common practice. We consider all of these to be ‘policy’ in the broad sense. Despite this, our collective impression is that our conservation science community very rarely enters a project with a mind to actively design the science to be policy relevant. Admittedly, this can be difficult. The pace of science is slow relative to the pace of policy. Science pretty much needs to be road ready by the time lawmakers address a law in order for the science to matter. Management practice may be more forgiving, waiting for the science in order to inform management practices.
Recognizing these constraints, our intent was to write a statement about how one might structure science to maximize the potential for the outcome to be

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.331503
Retrieved Text: Established in 1998, Mosman Heritage Fund is celebrating its 20th year. Over the last two decades it has funded works including roof restoration, brick tuck pointing, fencing replacement and facade restoration, including the above example of a property located on Spencer Road within the Holt Estate Heritage Conservation Area that has been transformed by the reinstatement of the open front verandah. The matching verandah posts and timber framed windows contribute to an enhanced streetscape in the conservation area. Small reinstatement projects like this are just the sort of works Council would like to contribute towards.
Council can offer dollar for dollar grants of up to $3000 for works to a Heritage Item and up to $1000 for works to properties located within a Heritage Conservation Area under Mosman Local Environmental Plan 2012.
To be eligible for funding, works must involve the repair, maintenance or reinstatement of missing items that contribute to the heritage value of the building and would be visible from the public domain.
Applications are encouraged and there are no application fees. For more details and how to apply please visit Council’s website.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.279291
Retrieved Text: The question of how to maximise the effectiveness of conservation programmes has been fundamental to conservation policy for decades. From the ‘fences and fines’ approach typified by early national parks to the ‘inclusive’ approach of community-based resource management, the debate continues as to how each conservation dollar (or, equally importantly, yen or rupee) is best spent.
Contemporary approaches which aim to ensure a financial return for individuals and communities engaging in conservation practices give rise to the question of whether we can put the right price on conservation.
It is generally acknowledged that the strict exclusion of resource users from national parks does not result in positive conservation outcomes. Even back in the Middle Ages, European kings had to resort to fairly draconian measures to combat wildlife poaching in royal reserves, including offenders being blinded or having various limbs removed – or both. Whilst this may have succeeded in instilling fear amongst the populace, the fact remains that strict exclusion removes access to essential food and water resources, resulting in the perennial problem of enforcing strict no-take reserves.
Alternative approaches have emphasised that enforcement is facilitated when local resource users can accrue benefits from wildlife conservation associated with the development of activities which depend upon maintaining these resources – most commonly ecotourism. The realisation of these ‘indirect incentives’ cannot be guaranteed, however, as they reflect drivers at various scales including, for example, individual capacity to diversify into tourism, the quality of tourist infrastructure nationally and international events which directly impact upon the tourism sector.
Consequently, recent attention has been directed

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.182037
Retrieved Text: Buying Land Encumbered by a Conservation Easement | Hawthorne & Hawthorne, P.C.
Pictured: An eastern redbud in full bloom in Prince Edward County, Virginia. Conservation easements do a lot to preserve the natural beauty of Southside Virginia, but owning a property with a conservation easement on it isn’t right for everyone. Let the conservation easement attorneys at Hawthorne & Hawthorne make sure that purchasing a property encumbered by a conservation easement won’t conflict with your plans for the property.
What Do You Look for When Buying Real Estate that Is Encumbered by a Conservation Easement?
You have your heart set on buying a certain piece of real estate. But then you find out that it has a conservation easement on it. How do you know whether or not the conservation easement will cause problems for you? Potential purchasers of real estate are increasingly having to ask themselves that question as conservation easements become more and more common in Southside Virginia.
There is no one-size-fits-all answer to that question. Different people looking at buying the same conservation property will have different concerns. Really, the best way to answer that question is by asking another question: What are your goals for the property? In other words, what are your intended uses for the property? Only by determining how you want to use the property can you determine whether or not the conservation easement is a good fit for you.
With that in mind, let’s go over some of the most common goals that potential purchasers have and some of the most common pitfalls

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.1484
Retrieved Text: Capitalization does not matter: use upper, lower, or mixed case. For example, AIDS, Aids, and aids is treated as the same.
You can use AND in the Topic field, but not in the Publication Name or Source field.
You can use NEAR in most fields, but not in the Year Published field.
You can use SAME in the Address field, but not in other fields.
Keep in mind that case does not matter when using search operators. For example, OR, Or, and or returns the same results. We use all uppercase in our examples as a matter of style.
Note: The Korean Journal Database does not include the SAME operator as a search operator.
Wildcards (* $ ?) are supported in most search queries; however, the rules for using wildcards will vary by field.
To search for an exact phrase, enclose the phrase in quotation marks. For example, the query "energy conservation" will retrieve records that contain the exact phrase energy conservation. This applies only to Topic and Title searches.
If you enter a phrase without quotation marks, the search engine will retrieve records that contain all of the words you entered. The words may or may not appear close together. For example, energy conservation retrieves records containing the exact phrase energy conservation. It will also find records containing the phrase conservation of energy.
If you enter two words separated by a hyphen, period, or comma, then the term will be interpreted as an exact phrase. For example, the search term waste-water will find records containing the exact phrase waste-water or the phrase waste water.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.051046
Retrieved Text: The Resource Stewardship Evaluation Tool (RSET) is a new, free tool through National Farmers Union (NFU) and the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS). It is intended to help Iowa farmers and ranchers improve their working lands conservation efforts, and consequently improve topsoil and nutrient retention, as well as safeguard Iowa’s waterways.
RSET modernizes conservation planning and helps farmers and ranchers better identify their conservation goals. After a quick RSET evaluation, participants receive easy to read results. They can take to their local NRCS office to discuss which practices will best help them improve their soil health and reduce runoff. After implementing these practices, RSET can continue to evaluate how they are working for the participant’s operation.
 Completely free, voluntary and confidential tool available to assist farmers in their conservation planning.
 Conservation targets (thresholds) are based on specific field locations.
 Easy-to-read evaluations make starting the conservation conversation easy.
 Evaluation results are confidential and go no further than the farmer’s hand.
 If farmers choose to do so, results can be shared with landlords or farming partners to discuss the benefits of adding conservation practices.
The results that come from the RSET will look like the example above. Results like these help farmers to make better decisions both environmentally and monetarily.
 If you are located in Polk, Story, Jasper or Marion counties in Iowa, you can contact your NRCS office about completing an evaluation.
 Additional counties will be added in the future.
 You will meet NRCS staff to put your information into the tool.
 After the evaluation is complete, you are

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.98668
Retrieved Text: Ex-situ conservation means literally, "off-site conservation". It is the process of protecting an endangered species of plant or animal by removing part of the population from a threatened habitat and placing it in a new location, which may be a wild area or within the care of humans. While ex-situ conservation comprises some of the oldest and best known conservation methods, it also involves newer, sometimes controversial laboratory methods.
Endangered animal species are preserved using similar techniques. The genetic information needed in the future to reproduce endangered animal species can be preserved in genebanks, which consist of cryogenic facilities used to store living sperm, eggs, or embryos. The Zoological Society of San Diego has established a "Frozen zoo" to store such samples using modern cryopreservation techniques from more than 355 species, including mammals, reptiles, and birds.
Showy Indian clover, "Trifolium amoenum", is an example of a species that was thought to be extinct, but was rediscovered in 1993 [Connors, P. G. (1994) "Rediscovery of showy Indian clover". Fremontia 22: 3–7] by Peter Connors in the form of a single plant a site in western Sonoma County. [U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Arcata Division, 1655 Heindon Road, Arcata, Ca.] Connors harvested seeds and grew specimens of this critically endangered species in a controlled environment.
The Wollemi Pine is an another example of a plant that is being preserved via ex-situ conservation, as they are being grown in nurseries to be sold to the general public.
Ex-situ conservation, while helpful in man's efforts to sustain and protect our environment, is rarely enough

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.959467
Retrieved Text: We often get asked if we offer direct conservation, support and restoration services for customer's posters. The answer is sadly no.
Why do you not offer these services?
- At the present we really enjoy the pace and purpose of our conservation and restoration efforts. To compete with other major restorers, would require us to make a larger time and financial commitment and we fear it would only dilute the reasons why we do it - to bring old posters back to life. We have come to the conclusion that our purpose in conservation and restoration will never be financially driven. Plus, we really enjoying working on our schedule and on the projects we find challenging and meaningful.
What if I send you a poster, would you back and sell it for me?
-We are not taking consignments at this time, but we could always purchase the poster out right from you if you want to sell it.
Will you ever offer conservation and restoration services?
-There are no plans to offer these services at this time.
If I wanted one of your posters that you were selling linenbacked, would you restore it for me?
- Depending on the poster and our workload, this may be the only time we would consider backing a poster "on demand". Else we would be happy to have it backed for you by a third party. We know what to look and ask for in a restorer, so you can be confident that it would be done right.
Is there any type of conservation or restoration that you would

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.956417
Retrieved Text: the development conforms with the guidance set out in conservation area documents.
7.4 The Department does not wish to stifle development in conservation areas. The emphasis will be on the careful control and positive management of change, to enable the area to remain alive and prosperous, but at the same time to ensure that any new development accords with the area’s special architectural or historic interest.
7.5 Designation as a conservation area puts an onus on prospective developers to produce a very high standard of design, which respects or enhances the particular qualities of the area in question. Notwithstanding the acceptability of proposals in terms of other planning issues, where any proposed development would harm the character, appearance or setting of a conservation area it will not normally be permitted.
7.6 General issues to be taken into account in assessing development proposals in a conservation area include the appropriateness of the overall massing of the development, its scale (the expression of size indicated by the windows, doors, floor heights, and other identifiable units), its proportions and its relationship with its context i.e. whether it sits comfortably. Development should be in harmony with, or complimentary to, its neighbours having regard to the adjoining architectural styles. The use of materials generally matching those which are historically dominant in the area is important, as is the need for the development not to have a visually disruptive impact on the existing townscape. It should also, as far as possible, fit into the “grain” of the conservation area, for example, by respecting historic layout,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.939398
Retrieved Text: Mapping and conservation importance rating of the South African coastal vegetation as an aid to development planning.
In 1989, the opportunity was identified to create a botanical map series which could be used by authorities to make informed decisions and which would highlight the potential impact significance of proposed coastal developments on affected plant community types. In the past, vegetation impact assessments were conducted on a site specific basis and usually included community descriptions and species lists, which contributed little towards objective decision making. Impact significance at a broader, more meaningful spatial scale, for example bio-geographical regions, was rarely established. Based on the needs and the recognised problems, the CSIR developed a protocol for coastal vegetation mapping. Keywords: Conservation, South Africa, Coastal vegetation mapping.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.867846
Retrieved Text: Targeting threats alone “won’t save our wildlife” … so what would?
I was fortunate to be a co-author on the paper recently published in Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment led by Viv and Ayesha Tulloch, “Why do we map threats? Linking threat mapping with actions to make better conservation decisions.” (see media release PDF).
This is a great thinking piece about why we should probably not use threat maps “as is” to inform conservation decisions and how threat maps should be included as part of the decision process. I would recommend reading this paper if you are new to structured decision making and would like an easy read. The authors have done a fantastic job at explaining the risk of not following a transparent decision making process.
As a side note, our priority threat management work in the Pilbara was highlighted as a good example of making transparent decisions (No doubts they are other good examples in the literature!). It’s always a privilege to be acknowledged by our peers, it’s even better when these are esteemed close collaborators. Thanks for your support!
Pilbara shows how to save the most species per dollar: report now available!
We are pleased to announce the release of our report on ‘Prioritising threat management for Pilbara species of conservation significance’ (PDF, 10Mo)(The Conversation). This was a very rewarding collaborative project with scientists from CSIRO, QUT, UQ, and WA Dept Parks and Wildlife, with input from 49 experts across land management, policy, industrial, agricultural, indigenous and academic sectors, and was funded by Atlas Iron through the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.849623
Retrieved Text: There is a distinction between the techniques of conservation and restoration, often a very important judgment call when assessing damages. The word and techniques of “restoration” may apply if, in the case of a tarsia incastro inlayed desk, new “old” wood is used to replace that which is missing. On the other hand, “conservation” may be best understood in the following two examples: If the original finish on an antique of virtue responds to careful cleaning and a building of worn areas using the same finish, then it is conserved, that is, saved. Only in cases where enormous damage to the finish is irreversible, is the option to “restore” decided on. Another example of “conservation” is in the approach to a missing element in, for example, a 14th century Italian carved and painted wooden statue of the Virgin. If a missing section of a crown on such were of concern to a museum or private collector, London Joiners Ltd. would suggest that a replacement for the missing piece be made from clear acrylic, a representative solution, rather than an irreversible intrusion on the original work.
There are however many instances in which restoration and/or the making of missing pieces is justified. There are countless instances of thieves taking the silver, drawers and all, from dining room sideboards and commodes. London Joiners Ltd. has made several such drawers, of old wood in period techniques, to replace that which was missing. Regarding table surfaces, it is not uncommon for dining tables or other similar surfaces to be French Polished

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.81542
Retrieved Text: What can you do to protect your property when you die?
Can you protect property, even after you die?
Under new proposals, land could be protected by current owners, who wish to preserve it for conservation purposes, and protect against future development. This would cover wildlife sites, and ancient woodland.
Ordinarily covenants can only be enforced by those benefiting from the covenant, and in many cases that person can be hard to trace.
Take for example, the farmer who has bought land with an agricultural tie. Fifty years later, a subsequent owner wishes to sell a field to a developer. If the developer builds houses on the field they could be in breach of that covenant. But the only person who could enforce that covenant is the farmer of fifty years ago. They are no longer alive, and their successors in title are not easily traced. The developers can make reasonable enquiries, but if the original owner or their successor in title cannot be found, they can take their chance, get some insurance, and develop the land regardless.
However, this proposed law could mean that landowners can protect their land from the developers, and ensure that it remains as conservation land beyond their ownership.
A covenant can be agreed between the landowner and a body dedicated to conservation such as the Wildlife Trusts or Natural England. This body can then enforce the covenant against any future owner. The conservation body would be named on the title deeds, and would therefore be more likely to be traceable, and have a vested interest in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.795696
Retrieved Text: On March 22nd BHA officially endorsed Georgia's Outdoor Stewardship Act.
Southeast Board Member, Chris Jenkins said "the Act positions the state of Georgia as a true leader in conservation, and will be a great example for other states to follow in the future."
Georgia has long benefited from a legacy of elected leaders who understood how important our land and natural resources are not only for the economy, but also for the recreational opportunities many citizens enjoy - including hunting and fishing.
As our population and economy continue to grow, however, there is a very real threat that access to land as well as the habitats for both game and non-game wildlife could be greatly reduced or even lost for future generations.
The Georgia Outdoor Stewardship Act (HB332), along with legislation calling for a voter referendum (HR238) would dedicate 75% of the existing sales and use tax on outdoor recreation equipment to the protection of the state's lands, water and game and non-game wildlife. This legislation will be considered by the General Assembly in 2018.
Hunters and angers spend an estimated $2.3 million on their sport every year and support thousands of jobs in every part of our state. In addition, they are the primary source of funding for conservation land management through the federal Pittman-Robertson and Dingle-Johnson Acts as well as state license fees.
Funds generated by the Georgia Outdoor Stewardship Act would be additive to these existing funding sources and could only be used for projects approved by the Department of Natural Resources and consistent with established goals for conservation.
While

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.538046
Retrieved Text: Supervisors of the district are publicly elected officials who serve a three-year term. The role of the conservation district supervisor requires the person to be a leader by being aware of the different resource conservation needs within the district. They are to be an example of conservation management by practicing applicable conservation methods, and by promoting the ethics of good resource stewardship.
The public is invited to attend our board meetings. They are held at 6:30 pm on the fourth Thursday of each month in our conference room, unless otherwise noted. Please contact our office at (937) 372-4478 for details.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.474865
Retrieved Text: The world is currently facing rapid changes that are triggering conservation crises at a global scale. There is an increasing need for conservation leaders who can tackle the major issues and drive change for a more sustainable future. The MPhil in Conservation Leadership, offered by Cambridge University, aims to train students to address the conservation issues we currently face in an integrative and interdisciplinary manner and develop the necessary skills that students need to lead and act effectively.
Dr Chris Sandbrook, Lecturer in Conservation Leadership, chats to Conservation Careers Founder Dr Nick Askew about the nature of the course and benefits for graduates. If you would like to find out more about this exciting degree, applications for October 2015 are now open (closes 2nd December 2014).
How would you describe the MPhil in Conservation Leadership?
The easiest way to describe the course is that it is a bit like an MBA in Conservation. What we are trying to do is to help establish conservation professionals who have been working in conservation for a number of years and have shown signs that they have potential to be quite significant leaders in conservation in the future.
We are trying to help them to get the practical skills needed to achieve that, so the course is a combination of understanding emerging themes and concepts in conservation alongside more practical training such as management, human resources, doing media interviews and that sort of thing.
Developing the soft skills that people need to succeed in organisations is important because we get a lot of people who

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.470776
Retrieved Text: You wish to develop your understanding of technical and scientific aspects of food, farming and the countryside and are keen to progress to university and a science related career, for example in animal nutrition, breeding and genetics, animal health and welfare, environmental science or artisan food processing or brewing.
You are hoping to work in agriculture and would like to progress onto our Level 3 Agriculture Diploma.
You would like to pursue a career in agriculture and progress onto out Level 2 course.
You are interested in working in countryside conservation, wildlife management, forestry, estates or river management.
You already work in or would like to work in game and wildlife management.
You have a keen interest in conservation, game and wildlife management and wish to develop good practical skills.
You want to explore game and wildlife management and associated industries such as forestry, fisheries, estates and river management.
You want a career in areas of environment and conservation management.
This course is ideal if you have a passion for the environment and conservation and would like to gain relevant, hands-on industry experience; throughout the course you will complete a work placement, as well as have the opportunity to work with voluntary organisations.
This course is an ideal introduction into the land-based agricultural industry, where you will gain the hands-on practical skills, experience and knowledge of a variety of farming disciplines, designed to prepare you for employment.
You want to work in a land-based industry and are looking to gain the right experience and knowledge.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.460934
Retrieved Text: Closed parks will likely be reopened. Direction of the Department of Natural Resources will be reviewed. And $16 million in federal funding for conservation that hangs in limbo will be promptly addressed. Those are among the reasons many members of Illinois’ conservation community are optimistic about Lt. Gov. Pat Quinn replacing Rod Blagojevich as governor.
Closed parks will likely be reopened.
Direction of the Department of Natural Resources will be reviewed.
And $16 million in federal funding for conservation that hangs in limbo will be promptly addressed.
Those are among the reasons many members of Illinois’ conservation community are optimistic about Gov. Pat Quinn replacing Rod Blagojevich as governor.
“I think given Quinn’s past performance over the last six years conservation will finally have a friend in the governor’s office,” said Claudia Emken, associate director of conservation for The Nature Conservancy in Illinois. “That’s something we haven’t had in six years.
That type of advocacy is not lost on Eric Schenck, Illinois biologist for Ducks Unlimited.
“Quinn has taken genuine interest and leadership on the Illinois River Coordinating Council and has tried to set up something similar for the Mississippi River,” Schenck said.
As another example, Schenck noted Quinn’s appearance at the 2004 dedication of a restored 400-acre wetland near Spring Lake in Tazewell County.
In regards to the DNR, Quinn said he would “promptly review the DNR director’s position.” That may be bad news for former state representative Kurt Granberg, whom Blagojevich appointed as DNR director on Jan. 16.
Even so, Granberg said Quinn will be better for conservation and the DNR than Blagojevich.
Quinn also

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.451496
Retrieved Text: Ross Harvey recently completed a project funded by Stop Ivory, and works for the Governance of Africa's Resources Program of the South African Institute of International Affairs, which is funded by the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs through the Norwegian Embassy in Pretoria.
A broad range of multilateral frameworks such as Rio+20, the Convention on Biological Diversity and the Sustainable Development Goals seek to address this. They envision a mutually beneficial and synergistic relationship between conservation and development objectives.
CITES decisions can improve the livelihoods of people who live in Africa. But only if the convention connects with other multilateral environmental efforts to protect biodiversity. It also needs to avoid imposing external norms without due regard for local realities. For example, in the absence of any ivory trade, member states should commit to other ways to finance conservation and improve local communities’ livelihoods. After all, these are the people on the front line of the battle against poaching.
Ivory trade for the good of the communities?
Probably the most controversial issue at this year’s CITES Conference of the Parties (CoP17) is the question of how to protect African elephants. This is an instructive lens through which to address how trade decisions may impact livelihoods.
From 2007 to 2014 roughly 27,000 African elephants a year have been killed illegally to satisfy demand for ivory in East Asia. But the threat to the elephants is geographically differentiated.
CITES protects some species from trade altogether by listing them on Appendix I if they are critically endangered. It lists other species on Appendix II if trade

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.389023
Retrieved Text: I live in Houston, Texas, where big business is, well, BIG. I can't be seen as an environmentalist who will never be satisfied—that is simply not going to get me anywhere here. But being recognized as an environmentalist who works with big businesses, who conserves wildlife and land through national parks, state parks and nature preserves, and who takes the health and well-being of cities into account gives me more “street cred” with potential and existing donors.
When I got the call to come work for The Conservation Fund in September of 2015, I was so excited. The Fund is a nonprofit that is run like a business; instead of membership or an endowment, we have a revolving fund, which is a working pool of capital that can be deployed quickly to protect the places that we and our partners have deemed the highest priorities for conservation. The Fund’s triple-bottom line to conservation—always taking into account the environmental, economic and human impact of our projects—was something I knew would be a great fit with the business community and mentality of Gulf Region. That philosophy is what made me want to work for The Conservation Fund and what wakes me up excited for work every morning. We are not just changing the way conservation is done throughout the United States, we are changing the way development is done.
Most grassroots nonprofits are in crisis mode, understandably. I’ve been there many times in my previous work in development at other nonprofits. There is always a state of emergency and need

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.386717
Retrieved Text: There are many animals that have become extinct in the wild but continue to be maintained in Zoological parks.
(i) What type of biodiversity conservation is observed in this case?
(ii) Explain any other two ways which help in this type of conservation.
(i) It is an example of ex-situ conservation (off-site conservation). In this approach, threatened plants and animals are taken out of their natural habitat and placed in to suitable settings and given special care.
(ii) Cryopreservation and tissue culture are two ways that help in ex-situ conservation.
In cryopreservation, gametes of threatened species are preserved in viable and fertile conditions at sub-zero temperatures, which help in preserving these cells for longer periods.
In tissue culture, plants are propagated from a small mass of tissue, called callus.
Solution There Are Many Animals that Have Become Extinct in the Wild but Continue to Be Maintained in Zoological Parks. (I) What Type of Biodiversity Conservation is Observed in this Case? Concept: Biodiversity Conservation.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.369532
Retrieved Text: Botanic Gardens have long been centres of excellence for plant conservation; collectively they conserve more than 40% of threatened plant species in their living collections and seed banks. However, many small gardens have limited resources to pursue plant conservation, particularly those in developing countries, where often the greatest plant diversity is found. Such gardens may be in need of garden infrastructure, trained staff or funding to dedicate to conservation activities.
BGCI will manage a Global Botanic Garden Fund, allowing small gardens to apply for grants of £1,000. Gardens will submit short applications detailing their conservation problem and how the funds will be spent. Botanic gardens themselves are best placed to comment on their own needs to increase their capacity for plant conservation. Providing highly targeted small grants enables resources to be directed where they are most needed and where conservation impacts are greatest.
Plant diversity conserved in botanic gardens, which will be measured by more collections of threatened species, greater capacity to care for threatened plant collections etc.
Our project will help develop plant conservation activities at small botanic gardens across the globe. Each individual grant will help gardens to develop an aspect of their garden to better contribute to the conservation of the world’s plant diversity, be that through improved facilities for propagating plants, increased public engagement through new signage or seed collection trips for threatened species. Success will be demonstrated with tangible outcomes from all grants made.
Our on-the-ground projects rely on cooperation with local communities; without their input and participation, achieving plant conservation is much more difficult.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.345007
Retrieved Text: BOOK EXCERPT: Creation of successful long-term strategies for protection or management requires explicit consideration of biological and ecological patterns at different scales. Species differ in their size, mobility, physiology, and life history, and each responds to the same physical setting in different ways and at different scales (Addicott et al. 1987; Kotliar and Wiens 1990). Thus, the planning scale appropriate for one species is rarely fully appropriate for others. Different species, communities, and ecological processes occur over different quantifiable spatial and temporal ranges. As a result, each can be observed over a set of characteristic scales. Additionally, ecosystem threats, and effective methods and actions for alleviating them, have characteristic scales at which they can and must be observed. Although specific threats to individual species, or small groups of species, can be recognized, ranking biodiversity elements or ecosystem threats to determine priorities for conservation is a challenging but necessary task. Significant gaps remain in our understanding of scaling, independent of data quality issues. Scaling discontinuity (Wu and Li, 2006) is one of these. An invasive species, for example, may be appear rare and patchily distributed at the local scale, yet continuous at the regional scale. Using only local-scale data, one would conclude that this species is of little conservation importance, but the regional data would suggest it to be a huge pending threat....Likewise, as the scale of a conservation plan changes, new questions can arise because of perceived change in relationships between targets and threats. As we discussed, an example of this is the sage grouse. At

================



======= Instance Index 462 =========
Input Text: Pulse accelerates

Which is the correct answer?
- when cooling down after a work out
- when running pace increases
- when running pace slows
- when entering into a sleep state

Target Text: when running pace increases

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.16391
Retrieved Text: After having proved its usefulness in disintegrating kidney stones for many decades, ESWT has also recently made its way into orthopedics, surgery, rheumatology and rehabilitation. Pneumatically generated pulses emitted by a hand piece are targeted on the painful areas of the body. This is proven non-invasive solution that accelerates recover of injured tissue.
Success rate - 90% improvement for heel pain (Journal of Orthopedic Research 2005).
During shockwave or pulse activation therapy, chemical processes are stimulated at the synaptic contact sites of the nervous system. A complex stimulus pattern is stored at the synapses. The pathological association between pain and muscle tone and/or vascular tone is broke as a result of shockwave or pulse activation therapy, thus enabling natural movement patterns to be returned and recalled.
Shockwave therapy provides improved blood circulation in the treated pain regions. A long-term change in metabolism is achieved in areas that have a naturally poor blood supply.
Three or four treatment sessions are required approximately one week apart. No anesthesia is required. Pulses are targeted to the affected areas for about 4 or 5 minutes (200 hits). Regular activity may be resumed immediately following treatment.
Occasionally there may be some minor discomfort during and/or after the treatment. Bruising, redness or swelling may occur. The initial symptoms may take 3 or 6 months after the last treatment to completely resolve.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.93829
Retrieved Text: CRONIGON 2He38 is a three-component mixture comprising 60% argon, 38% helium and 2% carbon dioxide. The addition of helium into the mixture accelerates welding speeds significantly relative to CRONIGON 2. This translates into vast productivity gains. High welding speeds also have the advantage of lower distortion, thus avoiding the need for costly rectification procedures. CRONIGON 2He38 produces welds with good fusion properties, coupled with low reinforcement and porosity characteristics. This extreme quality virtually eliminates the need for reworking or repairs.
This mixture is used for MAG welding across a wide variety of stainless steel alloys, proving particularly effective on thicker material sections. CRONIGON 2He38 is most effective in spray (free flight) and pulse transfer modes. The ideal operating range is between 6 and 15mm, although it can be used successfully outside this range.
Easier for welder to set up.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.28124
Retrieved Text: Gathering data to inform policies has traditionally been a complex, time consuming and expensive process, often requiring researchers to choose between in-depth studies of small population groups, or superficial inquiries into large population groups. Big data analytics offers the possibility of using technologies to carry out faster and more cost-effective data gathering for policymaking.
Pulse Lab Kampala is a data innovation lab where policymakers and in-country development experts can work side by side with data scientists and engineers to explore new ways of using digital data and analytics.
These six projects are in the early stages of development, but with support and funding to grow, we at Pulse Lab Kampala think the outputs of these projects, in the form of tools, technologies and methodologies, could prove to be powerful assets to the development community both here and further afield.
One project that we are particularly excited about involves leveraging state-of-the-art technology to incorporate people’s voices into the policy development in Uganda. Here, as in many countries, there remains a digital divide with some key groups - particularly elders and those in rural areas - lacking access to ICTs and social media. Community radio, by contrast, is a ubiquitous service that the majority of Ugandans can access. Culturally, local radio remains a popular place for many people to share opinions, often in local dialect, via phone-ins. By using technology to capture audio and transcribe the content into text, radio can become a digital big data source.
One planned application is to use data analytics to support policymakers in gaining real-time understanding

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.065256
Retrieved Text: When physicists bend very intense beams of charged particles in circular orbits near the speed of light, this bending throws off bits of light, or X-rays, called synchrotron radiation. The U-M-led researchers used their device to bend visible light to produce light with a wavelength in the terahertz range. This range of wavelength is considerably larger than that of visible light, but much smaller than the waves your microwave produces—and can penetrate clothing.
Synchrotron radiation is usually generated at large-scale facilities, which are typically the size of several football stadiums. Instead, U-M researchers Roberto Merlin and Meredith Henstridge’s team developed a way to produce synchrotron radiation by printing a pattern of microscopic gold antennae on the polished face of a lithium tantalate crystal, called a metasurface. The U-M team, which also included researchers from Purdue University, used a laser to pulse light through the pattern of antennae, which bent the light and produced synchrotron radiation.
Anthony Grbic, U-M professor of electrical engineering and computer science, led the team that designed the metasurface with former doctoral student Carl Pfeiffer developing the metasurface.
The metasurface is composed of roughly 10 million tiny boomerang-shaped antennae. Each antenna is considerably smaller than the wavelength of the impinging light, said Henstridge, lead author of the study. The researchers use a laser that produces “ultrashort” bursts or pulses of light which last for one trillionth of a second. The array of antennae causes the light pulse to accelerate along a curved trajectory inside the crystal.
The light pulse creates a collection of electric dipoles—or, a group

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.018251
Retrieved Text: "We rely heavily on content caching, and more than 80 percent of our pages cached using Pulse Secure. The Pulse Secure Virtual Traffic Manager has not only reduced the load on our infrastructure and made our Web site perform much faster, it’s enabled us to be even more responsive to our customers’ needs and deliver 100 percent uptime."
Triboo helps its customers accelerate e-commerce activities with state-of-the-art technology services. The fastest growing technology company in Italy, according to Deloitte Technology Fast 500, Triboo offers integrated Internet services to leading brands, including Henkel, Ferrari, Maserati, Piquadro, and Coccinelle. This rapid growth has enabled the company to diversify its offering to include new strategic business units that include e-commerce, Web marketing, and Web design. With its blue chip client roster, the company recognized that its network infrastructure needed to be able to handle a large volume of Web traffic without causing service interruptions or creating significant management and maintenance burdens for its IT team. It wasn’t simply a matter of ensuring an excellent online experience for brand customers, it was also imperative to the growth and sustained success of Triboo.
Triboo explored multiple options and decided to do trial run of a Pulse Secure solution on one of its busiest Web sites. The Pulse Secure Virtual Traffic Manager is a software-based Layer 7 Application Delivery Controller (ADC) designed to deliver a faster, high-performance user experience with more reliable access to public Web sites and enterprise applications. The solution maximizes the efficiency and capacity of Web and application servers and accelerates

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.34002
Retrieved Text: Irradiation of aqueous [AuCl4]− with 532 nm nanosecond (ns) laser pulses produces monodisperse (PDI = 0.04) 5 nm Au nanoparticles (AuNPs) without any additives or capping agents via a plasmon-enhanced photothermal autocatalytic mechanism. Compared with 800 nm femtosecond (fs) laser pulses, the AuNP growth kinetics under ns laser irradiation follow the same autocatalytic rate law, but with a significantly lower sensitivity to laser pulse energy. The results are explained using a simple model for simulating heat transfer in liquid water and at the interface with AuNPs. While the extent of water superheating with the ns laser is smaller compared to the fs laser, its significantly longer duration can provide sufficient energy to dissociate a small fraction of the [AuCl4]− present, resulting in the formation of AuNPs by coalescence of the resulting Au atoms. Irradiation of initially formed AuNPs at 532 nm results in plasmon-enhanced superheating of water, which greatly accelerates the rate of thermal dissociation of [AuCl4]− and accounts for the observed autocatalytic kinetics. The plasmon-enhanced heating under ns laser irradiation fragments the AuNPs and results in nearly uniform 5 nm particles, while the lack of particles' heating under fs laser irradiation results in the growth of the particles as large as 40 nm.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.996506
Retrieved Text: Great alternative to Intel's stock cooler especially when space is at a premium.
Gelid's POLAR CPU cooler is designed for HTPC, Panel PC, Car PC, 1U Server and Thin ITX systems. The height of the heatsink is just 27 mm meaning it will fit most slim low profile cases. The POLAR also has an improved heatsink fin configuration to achieve high cooling performance in a compact design. The cooler weighs only 127g and especially conforms to lightweight Panel PC and Car PC applications.
A quiet 75mm frameless fan with the intelligent GELID PWM (Pulse Width Module) control was chosen to be integrated into the heat sink. The fan blades are optimised to a minimum fan speed of 1400 rpm while still being able to guarantee high airflow. The intelligent GELID PWM control keeps the fan quiet but accelerates the fan speed whenever additional cooling is required. The multi-award winning high performance GC-2 thermal compound is already pre-applied on the heatsink. The POLAR is compatible to Intel Celeron, Pentium Dual-Core, Core i3 and Core i5 CPU with a maximum TDP of 65W. The cooler fits multiple Intel CPU sockets such as LGA 1150, 1151, 1155 and 1156.
Decent CPU fan but not an upgrade over the standard Intel unit. A lot slimmer and easier to clean though if that's what you're after.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.976936
Retrieved Text: We currently have 11 of this Fanuc Servo Amplifier in stock!
MRO Stock has a 1-year warranty on New, Remanufactured or Repair. A Core Exchange offer is available for repairable faulty units.
The Fanuc A06B-6089-H105 is a Servo Amplifier Single Axis Unit, input voltage 200 to 230 volts, L axis Rated at 15.7 amp.
MRO can ship this item same day before 4 PM EST for no extra cost and before 6 PM with a rush fee. Shipping options vary by location. Contact for an accurate quote.
The FANUC A06B-6089-H105 is part of the Alpha Series of Motor Control Servo Amplifiers.
Before connecting the power source to the machine, be sure to check the voltage of the power sources. The power requirement for the servo amp is the sum of the power requirements of all the individual servo motors. When a servo motor accelerates or decelerates rapidly, it may require twice as much power as the continuous rating for several moments. Check on the input voltages when one servo motor accelerates or decelerates simultaneously and keep the voltage above 170Vac. When the motor and power control have separate power inputs, be sure to remove the jumper connecting the L1C and L1, and have a jumper connecting the L2C and L2. Because the drive circuit for the A06B-6089-H105 operates using a pulse width modulation system using IGBTs, high frequency leakage current flows from the motor windings and power lines to the ground through stray capacitance. The leakage current may cause the ground fault interrupter of leakage protection relay to stop functioning. There

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.383879
Retrieved Text: The Pulse Wave Velocity assessment is performed using an infrared finger clip probe that measures blood volume changes. The amount of light absorbed is directly proportionate to the volume of blood in the finger. When the heart contracts, it produces a direct wave that travels down to the finger. This wave is reflected in the lower body as well as down to the finger. It is this combination of the direct wave and reflected wave that is measured and recorded by the finger probe.
The pulse wave is a physiological phenomenon, observable and measurable in the arterial system during blood circulation. During one heart systole a certain blood volume is expelled. This propagates through the arteries due to the reciprocal transformation between kinetic energy of a segment of the expelled blood volume and the potential energy of a stretched segment of the resilient vascular wall. We can observe the changes in pressure, blood flow, velocity and profile throughout the whole pulse wave. It can be used for classification of the artery elasticity.
Pulse wave velocity analysis is a classic index of aortic stiffness and is a predictor of cardiovascular mortality in hypertensive cases. Since aortic pulse wave velocity is dominantly influenced by age, this finding may be of major importance for the evaluation of cardiovascular risk in the elderly.
Aortic PWV nowadays is considered as a marker of CV risk independently of blood pressure level, but in conjunction with heart rate. Since PWV is increased particularly in the elderly, this analysis may be considered as important for geriatric populations.
Starting

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.088079
Retrieved Text: Tallysman’s new TW5340 smart antenna is designed to pair Tallysman‘s Accutenna technology antenna with STMicroelectronics’ Teseo II receiver. The combination makes the smart antenna accurate for use in all environments, including urban canyons, according to the company.
The TW5340 is a multi-constellation GNSS Smart Antenna that provides simultaneous GPS/GLONASS/SBAS reception. It is designed for use in professional-grade applications such as precision timing, network synchronization, low current applications, and tracking/positioning applications.
To illustrate the advantages of this technology coupling, simultaneous recordings of vehicle position were conducted using two smart antennas — one with and one without Tallysman’s Accutenna technology — in an area of downtown Ottawa, Canada, notorious for high levels of multipath signals. Results show how the high multipath signal rejection capabilities of Tallysman’s Accutenna technology greatly improves accuracy, the company said.
The Tallysman TW5340 smart antenna.
The TW5340 supports STMicroelectronics Autonomous A-GPS, which accelerates GPS positioning by predicting satellite ephemeris data based on previous observations. This results in extremely fast time-to-first-fix. The TW5340 can be configured to output up to three NMEA 0183 message lists with navigation update rates up to 10 Hz. RS232, CMOS, and USB interfaces are available with input voltage options of 3,3V, 5.0V, and 12V. A standby-mode feature provides for very low current consumption (<100uA) and is particularly useful in battery-operated applications.
A standard one pulse-per-second 1PPS synchronized to UTC time is available as a single ended output or as a differential output at RS422 levels.
Tallysman’s Windows-based Configurator enables simple configuration of parameters such a baud rates, output message rates, constellation, tracking parameters, 1 PPS configuration

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.04064
Retrieved Text: The pinnacle of dramatic style, stunning performance and absolute comfort, our Accident Free 2010 Ferrari California in Red is as ideal for your daily commute as it is for a pulse-pounding canyon run. At the heart of this convertible is a potent 4.3 Liter Turbo V8 that unleashes an energetic 483hp at your command. Paired with a responsive Manual transmission, our Rear Wheel Drive California accelerates to 60mph in an astonishing 3.8 seconds and hits a top speed of 193mph. With brilliant handling, precise steering, and strong Brembo brakes, you'll be looking for reasons to get out and enjoy the art of top-down driving!
Our classic California prancing horse grand tourer is a head-turner with sleek curves, long flowing lines, and a folding hardtop that can be closed in 15 seconds when the need arises. Unique from every angle, this convertible commands attention with its powerful presence and the growl of the V8. Inside the lush cabin, the Italian craftsmanship and prestigious DNA of our California is breath-taking. The race-inspired steering wheel, hand-stitched supple leather and attention to detail will seduce you at first sight. Enjoy a wealth of amenities such as Bluetooth connectivity, iPod compatibility, ample cargo space, a backup camera, a navigation system and well-placed cup holders. With a range of customization options, this exquisite machine can be tailor made to suit your lifestyle perfectly.
Now is the time to reward yourself with the power and prestige that can only come from Ferrari. Print this page and call us Now... We Know You Will Enjoy Your

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.782306
Retrieved Text: The stat decrease that can be applied by Barb Shuriken+ is considered a penalty.
+2 HP, +1 Mt Accelerates Special trigger (cooldown count-1).
+2 HP, +2 Spd Accelerates Special trigger (cooldown count-1).
+2 HP, +3 Def Accelerates Special trigger (cooldown count-1).
+2 HP, +3 Res Accelerates Special trigger (cooldown count-1).
The effect of Barb Shuriken+ is identical to Kagami Mochi+.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.768159
Retrieved Text: BACKGROUND: Pacing algorithms to prevent atrial fibrillation (AF) have been tested in studies of modest size and duration with inconclusive results. OBJECTIVES: To prospectively evaluate the relationship between subclinical AF and stroke in patients 65 years of age or older with no previous AF receiving a first pacemaker or an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator for standard indications. Three months following device implantation, pacemaker patients were randomized to have continuous atrial overdrive pacing (CAOP) algorithm turned "ON" or "OFF." The primary study outcome was development of electrocardiogram-documented AF >6 minutes. RESULTS: A total of 2343 patients were randomized and followed for a mean of 2.5 years. The primary outcome occurred in 60 patients in the CAOP ON group (1.96% per year) and in 45 in the CAOP OFF group (1.44% per year; relative risk 1.38; 95% confidence interval 0.94-2.03; P = .10). Major clinical events (stroke, myocardial infarct, cardiovascular death, systemic embolism, heart failure hospitalization) occurred at similar frequencies in the 2 groups. In the CAOP ON group, 133 of the 1164 patients (11.4%) crossed over to CAOP OFF compared with 12 of the 1179 (1.0%) who crossed over from OFF to ON (P <.0001). False-positive device detections of AF were more common among patients assigned to CAOP ON (23%) than among patients assigned to CAOP OFF (7.7%; relative risk 2.99; 95% confidence interval 2.40-3.74; P <.001). Pacemaker generator replacement for battery depletion occurred in 4.4% of the subjects randomized to CAOP ON and in 2.5% of the patients assigned to CAOP OFF (relative risk 1.70; 95% confidence interval

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.547783
Retrieved Text: Cardiac muscle tissue contraction and peacefulness. Specialized guidelines that cardiac muscle group contraction uses at both of those mobile together with the organ values.
Hjem > Cardiac muscle tissue contraction and peacefulness. Specialized guidelines that cardiac muscle group contraction uses at both of those mobile together with the organ values.
The mammalian heart is known as a particular body organ. For a start, its muscle mass is unable to get depleted. Its myogenic, which is to state that it initiates the pulse without requiring stressed excitement. Its muscular tissues have different comes with for specific functions. This paper speaks about the contraction and leisure of cardiac lean muscle fibers, their attributes plus the pattern put into practice in contraction and comfort governed by its heart’s conducting application.
activation. Initiation of your heart beat gets started from the sinus node.7This impulse is passed on towards atrioventricular node by way of inter-nodal paths.8 Much more conduction ensues from the atrioventricular package, better known as moderator rings. Signals make it to the ventricular muscle tissues thru Purkinje fibres.9The ventricles then engage in diastolic and systolic stages in the pulse. Substantial branching within the performing model would ensure uniform muscle excitement.
The typical presumption is muscular comfort usually takes no energy. This may not be factual. As calcium mineral plays a role in muscle activation, its amount is to be lowered to slow down excitation. The ions are, for that reason, pumped into the sarcoplasmic reticulum; on the concentration gradient.10 This method will require electricity. Subsequently, both the contraction and relaxation are vigor-seeking activities.
A

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.197889
Retrieved Text: Rig count and fracturing-crew activity are the pulse of the energy industry; as energy commodity prices increase, so do these vital numbers.
During the past year, crude oil prices jumped 36% from $49.59/bbl (WTI) at the beginning of August 2017 to $67.68/bbl on 1 August 2018, with a maximum price of approximately $74/bbl in late June 2018.
The price increase experienced during the past year has renewed investments in many plays. However, a long-term project, such as offshore deepwater field developments, would require a minimum sustainable oil price to be profitable. We, therefore, have not seen massive investment in developing challenging sand-prone fields that require large capital investment up front to complete wells with expensive and sophisticated sand-management and -control techniques. Perhaps the demand has not yet justified sustainable prices, leading some oil companies to rebalance capital allocation by increasing dividend payouts or stock repurchasing programs while waiting for the market forces to establish a price benchmark.
In this respect, in the energy industry, no news very often is the best news; any geopolitical instability and tensions could cause oil prices to fluctuate abruptly and make operators feel uneasy about investing in capital-intensive projects.
To stay in the know of the latest projects trending in the energy industry, read the featured papers and recommended additional reading and attend the upcoming 2018 SPE Annual Technical Conference and Exhibition 24–27 September in Dallas and the Asian Pacific Oil and Gas Conference 23–25 October in Brisbane, Australia.
SPE 187237 Self-Assembling Nanoparticles: A Unique Method for Downhole Sand Consolidation by Rajendra Kalgaonkar, Saudi Aramco, et

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.143011
Retrieved Text: Cheeko Air Stone Bar 6"
The Cheeko Aqua-Mist Air Stone bar creates a dazzling underwater scene. Increases surface agitation, accelerates oxygen replenishment and helps release carbon dioxide build-up.
The Cheeko Air Stone bar creates a dazzling underwater scene. Increases surface agitation, accelerates oxygen replenishment and helps release carbon dioxide build-up.
The Penn-Plax Aqua-Mist Air Stone bar creates a dazzling underwater scene. Increases surface agitation, accelerates oxygen replenishment and helps release carbon dioxide build-up.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.021631
Retrieved Text: VBS Direct Ltd - What is Class-IV Laser Therapy - Innovative solutions for the veterinary professional.
K-Laser Dynamic therapy uses several pulse frequencies to produce a combination of analgesia, inflammation reduction, biostimulation and antimicrobial effects, thus accelerating the regeneration of tissues and increasing cellular energy. Cells are then able to thus absorb nutrients more quickly and eliminate waste substances. As a result of the exposition to laser light, the cells that constitute tendons, ligaments and muscles are repaired more quickly.
K-Laser Dynamic Therapy has anti-oedemic effects since it produces vasodilation while activating the lymphatic drainage system, which results in swelling reduction.
The wavelength of light not only determines colour in the visible spectrum, but also it's depth of penetration into the body system. In general, longer wavelengths allow energy to penetrate more deeply into the body than shorter wavelengths. Wavelengths also have different absorption efficiencies for particular body structures.
This wavelength is well absorbed by the melanin contained within skin ensuring a high energy concentration within the superficial tissue layers. Laser therapy provides excellent results in wounds healing and scar tissue regulation as the light both inhibits bacterial proliferation and increases cellular growth.
Blood is the body's main transport system. It provides cells with oxygen required for metabolism and removes waste. The 970nm wavelength is well absorbed in allowing a large part of the energy delivered by the therapy to be is transformed into heat. The deep tissue layers are thus transformed into localised heat points that create temperature gradients at cellular level. They also boost local microcirculation thanks to the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.826843
Retrieved Text: Changed the parameters of the divisional howitzer: damage in the city 4000 (was 3000).
The parameters of the MLRS are changed: damage in the city of 8000 (was 6000).
Parameters of motorized infantry were changed: the population required 5 (was 4), food consumption 5 (was 4).
Parameters of the landing were changed: the population required 5 (it was 3), food consumption 5 (it was 4).
Redressed windows edicts, section War. They now also do not slow down, and become more beautiful.
The stable accelerates the training of troops in the range of 1-5 (it was 1-4).
Foundry accelerates the training of troops in the range of 2-7 (it was 1-6).
The military plant accelerates the training of troops in the range of 4-10 (it was 1-8).
The military unit accelerates the training of troops in the range of 3-8 (it was 1-4).
Guards part accelerates the training of troops in the range of 3-8 (it was 1-4).
The parameters of the gun were changed: the training time was 540 (it was 600), the damage in the city was 1000 (it was 900).
The parameters of the mortar were changed: the type of damage was bursting (it was special), the training time was 540 (was 600), the damage in the city was 1600 (was 1400).
Changed mortar parameters: damage in the city 250 (was 200).
The parameters of the divisional howitzer were changed: speed 5 (was 4), training time 1920 (was 2400), damage in the city 3000 (was 2500).
The parameters of the MLRS are changed: training time is 4800 (it was 5100), damage in the city was 6000 (there were

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.788485
Retrieved Text: j-bennettdeath_666 Thank you Heretical Sect for delivering such powerful music that carries stories with it that shall never be forgotten! Deadly vocals mixed with the low and high drops of deep growling guitars. You guys are amazing! You will definitely be going many places! thanks again! Favorite track: Punish the Christ.
Comes in a 4 Panel Digipak w/ matte finish. Limited to 300 worldwide!!
Includes unlimited streaming of Rotting Cosmic Grief via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality download in MP3, FLAC and more.
HERETICAL SECT is a reclusive collective fixated on the physical and spiritual genocides of the Southwest.
The Southwest; represented through a nostalgic lense of cowboy culture, rarely exposes the most brutal atrocities of American history. Churches chained shut and lit on fire with the congregation inside, severed limbs piled in the streets, and disease and slavery are burned into the memory of the landscape. These horrors are sonically juxtaposed against the natural beauty of the high desert. Expansive skies, deep canyons, painted red rocks, all witnesses to untold butchery and grief.
HERETICAL SECT features members of other prominent Santa Fe (NM) bands, yet members remain hooded and anonymous. Although the band rarely appears live, it is a primary conceptual entity for its members. May all life learn to die.
"Heretical Sect is your new favorite band that you have never heard of! Over the course of four dense and intense tracks, they show you why they are bringing something new to the game. I don’t want to box them into a genre because their songs evoke a sense

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.767298
Retrieved Text: June 3, 2013 — Physicists from the Max-Planck-Institute of Quantum Optics produced electron pulses from a laser accelerator whose individual particles all have nearly the same, tuneable energy.
Electrons with a velocity close to the speed of light are hard to control. Using them as a tool for applications at the frontier of ultrafast physics requires them to be packed into extremely short pulses with tunable energy. A team around Laboratory for Attosecond Physics (LAP) group leaders Dr. Laszlo Veisz and Prof. Stefan Karsch, both based at Max-Planck-Institute of Quantum Optics (MPQ) has now achieved that feat by using a laser-driven accelerator. They created electron pulses with few-femtosecond duration, whose many individual particles all have nearly the same, but widely tunable energy. These monochromatic electron pulses can be used to create ultrashort flashes of light in the extreme ultra-violet or even X-ray range, who in turn are a versatile tool for probing fast processes in the microcosm.
Bunches made up of electrons travelling close to the speed of light have a great potential in medicine or probing the microcosm, if their properties can be well controlled. Usually such pulses are provided by conventional radio-frequency (RF) accelerator systems, which are on one hand large and costly and on the other hand can only provide ultrashort particle bunches with even more costly tricks and great particle losses. Accelerating particle bunches with a laser might become a viable workaround for these problems. Its main problem, however, has always been the difficulty of giving the same energy to all particles in a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.758308
Retrieved Text: Market Pulse: Should you hedge your bond portfolio?
The Fed raised rates last week and is expected to do so again in the fall. Long-term rates might rise, too, if economic activity accelerates. Is it time to hedge your bond portfolio to limit your risk?
Many people think so. Some investors are hedging portfolios by owning the Direxion Daily 20-Year Treasury Bear 3X (TMV), a fund that attempts to deliver triple the daily inverse returns in treasuries, or the ProShares Short 20+ Year Treasury (TBF), which moves inverse to treasuries but without leverage. But buyer beware.
Leveraged and inverse funds serve a purpose for day traders, but are not good long-term investments. Just look at 2008. Suppose someone had the foresight to predict the fall in real estate values and bought ProShares UltraShort Real Estate (SRS).
If the investor bought SRS on Oct. 1, 2008, right before the financial collapse, and held it through the rest of that year, the investor would have been right but would have lost 30 percent. Another example, Chinese stocks lost half their value from mid-March 2008 through October 2008, but ProShares Ultra-Short China (FXP) lost nearly 20 percent of its value. So leverage cuts both ways.
Some bond exchanged-traded funds (ETFs) place hedges more efficiently by matching durations to their bond holdings. Two good examples are ProShares Investment Grade Interest Rate Hedged (IGHG) and ProShares High Yield Interest Rate Hedged (HYHG).
I’m not hedging my fixed-income portfolio. I’ve avoided treasuries and short-term investment-grade corporates because their low yields make them vulnerable to rising rates. Rates would

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.711205
Retrieved Text: MedStar Authors catalog › Details for: Topically applied stem cell conditioned media accelerates donor site healing and vascular response.
Details for: Topically applied stem cell conditioned media accelerates donor site healing and vascular response.
Topically applied stem cell conditioned media accelerates donor site healing and vascular response.
by Chen, Jason H; Kebede, Michael M; Epstein, Stephen E; Travis, Taryn E; A; Moffatt, Lauren T; Shupp, Jeffrey W.
Conference: 12th Annual Academic Surgical Congress, , Las Vegas, NV, 17/02/07/Full author list: Chen JH; Kebede MM; Epstein SE; Travis TE; Moffatt LT; Shupp JW.Local accession number: A2017_418.Institution(s): MedStar Health Research Institute | MedStar Washington Hospital CenterDepartment(s): Surgery/Burn ServicesActivity type: Conference Activity.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.34976
Retrieved Text: IngredientsAyurveda texts and modern research back the following facts: Sensitive plant (Lajjalu) has astringent and styptic properties that are beneficial in treating bleeding piles. Zinc calx (Yashad bhasma) accelerates wound healing by epithelial ..
Ayurveda texts and modern research back the following facts: Sensitive plant (Lajjalu) has astringent and styptic properties that are beneficial in treating bleeding piles. Zinc calx (Yashad bhasma) accelerates wound healing by epithelial (surface tissue) regeneration.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.334572
Retrieved Text: Best options at Plantation Auto Sales as a 20-year-old.
Home » Auto » Best options at Plantation Auto Sales as a 20-year-old.
This masterpiece comes at an exclusive price of $124,990.
Synonymous with excellence and pulse-pounding, driving excitement, our Accident-Free 2015 Porsche 911 Turbo S AWD is proudly presented in Black! High performance is close at hand when your fire up the Turbo Charged 3.8 Liter 6 Cylinder and feel 520hp jump to your command with the 7 Speed Automatic PDK. You’ll blast to 60mph in just over 3 seconds and enjoy nimble handling with ultimate thrills in this All Wheel Drive coupe all while getting near 24mpg! Check out the incredible wheels and rear spoiler! Examine the photos of our 911 Turbo S and you’ll see it’s sculpted to aerodynamic perfection.
Slip inside this Turbo S and immerse yourself in the Premium interior that Porsche has to offer. Enjoy the immaculate heated leather seats and the cabin that is comfortable and well-suited to daily use with a wealth of top-shelf conveniences including touch screen stereo, Navigation, sunroof, leather trim, and incredible audio System.
At the heart of this convertible is a potent 4.3 Liter Turbo V8 that unleashes an energetic 483hp at your command. Paired with a responsive Manual transmission, our Rear Wheel Drive California accelerates to 60mph in an astonishing 3.8 seconds and hits a top speed of 193mph. With brilliant handling, precise steering, and strong Brembo brakes, you’ll be looking for reasons to get out and enjoy the art of top-down driving!
Our classic California prancing horse grand tourer

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.334572
Retrieved Text: Shockwave (also called Pressure Wave) therapy is a non-invasive highly effective treatment method for pain that promotes accelerated repair of injured soft tissue, bone, heel and joint pain.
Extracorporeal Pulse Activation Technology (EPAT), also known as Shockwave or Pressure Wave, is a modern treatment whereby high-energy sound waves are introduced into the painful areas of the body. This high-energy sound waves accelerate healing by stimulating the metabolism and enhancing blood circulation to regenerate damaged tissue. It is one of the most advanced, non-invasive treatment methods cleared by the FDA.
Shockwave therapy is noninvasive. First a gel is applied to the treatment area and then pressure waves are released through the applicator as it is moved over the treatment area. One treatment usually lasts 5-10 minutes and most people feel significant relief after 2-3 treatments. Shockwave therapy accelerates healing by using your body’s existing and natural healing agents such as red blood cells, growth factors and stem cells.
Back to Function is one of the few healthcare facilities that offers Shockwave therapy. Our EPAT machine was manufactured in Switzerland by Storz Medical and has no equal as far as safety and effectiveness. Most people are good candidates for Shockwave therapy, however patients who are pregnant, have a pacemaker or current cancer are not suitable for treatment. Patents can return to work/sport after treatments and in most cases there is no downtime.
At Back to Function we have experienced staff that can answer your questions and make an appointment for you to come in for a consultation by calling 310-534-1900 or email

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.265334
Retrieved Text: When an object falls it accelerates due to its weight (the downward force of gravity acting on the objects mass). As it accelerates its velocity increases. The increase in velocity is accompanied by an increase in air resistance (drag). Eventually the air resistance acting upwards on the objects equals the weight acting downwards. The overall force on the object is balance or zero; it therefore cannot accelerate and continues to fall at constant velocity. This is referred to as the terminal velocity.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.1662445
Retrieved Text: Vanity - Anti-Ageing Serum - Bema Boutique eCommerce, This product keeps the skin hydrolipidic layer naturally moisturized, elastic and tonic. Thanks to its lifting formula, it clearly smoothes the wrinkles by filling the skin tissues. It accelerates the skin metabolism process and stimulates the connective tissue production by filling the missing spaces. This product keeps the skin hydrolipidic layer naturally moisturized, elastic and tonic. Thanks to its lifting formula, it clearly smoothes the wrinkles by filling the skin tissues. It accelerates the skin metabolism process and stimulates the connective tissue production by filling the missing spaces.
This product keeps the skin hydrolipidic layer naturally moisturized, elastic and tonic. Thanks to its lifting formula, it clearly smoothes the wrinkles by filling the skin tissues. It accelerates the skin metabolism process and stimulates the connective tissue production by filling the missing spaces.
From Purextract of Arctic Cloudberry, Isoflavons of Soya bean, Plantosomas of Ginseng and Indian Pennywort.
Aqua/Water, Glycerin, Olea Europaea* (Olive)Fruit Oil,Glycine Soja* (Soybean) Oil, Soy Isoflavones, Rubus Chamaemorus Seed Oil, PanaxGinseng Root Extract, Centella Asiatica Extract, Phospholipids, Benzyl Alcohol,Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate, Lecithin, Alcohol, Xanthan Gum, CitricAcid, Parfum/Fragrance.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.162355
Retrieved Text: Relieves all temporary physical pain and accelerates healing of sprains, sunburn, scalding and abrasions.
Is noted for relieving the pain of childbirth, often transforming birthing into a spiritual experience.
Relieves fear and trauma of impending surgery and markedly accelerates recovery following surgery.
Greatly reduces the pain of terminal cancer and decreases the amount of pain and medication necessary.
Relieves aches and pains of the elderly and settles fussy children, promoting naps and nighttime sleep.
Is an excellent antidote for stress.
Combats Jet Lag and stabilizes the pyche following sudden emotional shock or severe physical trauma.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.1348095
Retrieved Text: Collagen activates platelets through the immune-type GPVI receptor, but the mechanism by which this receptor has adapted to function in platelets under conditions of rapid blood flow is unclear. Additionally, it is unknown if responses to collagen are conserved in nucleated thrombocytes found in non-mammalian vertebrates, which do not express GPVI. Here we show that the GPVI proline-rich domain accelerates GPVI signaling kinetics and is required for maximal adhesion to collagen under flow. The proline-rich domain accelerates signaling through binding and directly activating the Src-family kinase Lyn. Chicken thrombocytes are potently activated by collagen but do not form 3-dimensional aggregates under arterial flow conditions, a profound contrast to platelet function. Despite selective expression of most platelet-specific genes, thrombocytes contain a significantly lower density of α2bβ3 integrin on the cell surface. These studies identify a novel molecular mechanism by which GPVI accelerates immune signaling kinetics and demonstrate partial conservation of hemostatic cell responses to collagen under flow.
Schmaier, Alec A., "The Evolution of Platelet Responses to Collagen Under Conditions of Hemodynamic Flow" (2010). Publicly Accessible Penn Dissertations. 203.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.029884
Retrieved Text: "Repeated Restraint Stress Exposure During Early Withdrawal Accelerates" by Ryan Glynn, J. Rosenkranz et al.
A major challenge for treating cocaine addiction is the propensity for abstinent users to relapse. Two important triggers for relapse are cues associated with prior drug use and stressful life events. To study their interaction in promoting relapse during abstinence, we used the incubation model of craving and relapse in which cue-induced drug seeking progressively intensifies ('incubates') during withdrawal from extended-access cocaine self-administration. We tested rats for cue-induced cocaine seeking on withdrawal day (WD) 1. Rats were then subjected to repeated restraint stress or control conditions (seven sessions held between WD6 and WD14). All rats were tested again for cue-induced cocaine seeking on WD15, 1 day after the last stress or control session. Although controls showed a time-dependent increase in cue-induced cocaine seeking (incubation), rats exposed to repeated stress in early withdrawal exhibited a more robust increase in seeking behavior between WD1 and WD15. In separate stressed and control rats,equivalent cocaine seeking was observed on WD48. These results indicate that repeated stress in early withdrawal accelerates incubation of cocaine craving, although craving plateaus at the same level were observed in controls. However, 1 month after the WD48 test, rats subjected to repeated stress in early withdrawal showed enhanced cue-induced cocaine seeking following acute (24 hours) food deprivation stress. Together, these data indicate that chronic stress exposure enhances the initial rate of incubation of craving during early withdrawal, resulting in increased vulnerability to cue-induced relapse during this period, and may lead to a persistent increase in

================



======= Instance Index 11 =========
Input Text: An example of data collection is

Which is the correct answer?
- Deleting case files on the computer
- Touching evidence without gloves
- speaking with a witness
- Throwing documents in the trash

Target Text: speaking with a witness

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.243359
Retrieved Text: In my efforts to break out of my relational database paradigm and into a NoSQL paradigm I have been working through some real world examples of database models that I have used in the past and trying different ways to convert them into a NoSQL database.
This is an example of three four different ways to store and access a document consisting of a parent and child relationship in a CosmosDB database.
The repository is located at https://github.com/mattruma/SampleCosmosDbParentChildPersistence.
For more information on data modeling in CosmosDB see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/modeling-data.
In most of the demo I provided examples of storing and retrieving the document with direct reads and writes to CosmosDB as well as an example that follows a more repository like the pattern, the latter allowing for better testing.
For an explanation of the repository pattern please see https://www.codecompiled.com/csharp/repository-pattern-in-csharp.
In your Azure account navigate to CosmosDB and create a single CosmosDB account, in my example I created a CosmosDB account called mjr-003-cosdb.
You should set the partitionKey for all collections to orderId.
That’s it as far as setup goes!
This example demonstrates a single document that includes both the Order and the Order Line Items.
This is an example of an embedded data model, read more at https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/modeling-data.
Executing this example inserts an Order document, which includes both the Order and related Order Line Items, into the orders collection.
This example demonstrates inserting an Order document into an orders collection, and the related Order Line Item documents (see below) also inserted into the orders collection.
This is an example of a referenced data model, you can read more at https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cosmos-db/modeling-data.
The

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.063402
Retrieved Text: 2009-01-08 Assigned to WELLS FARGO FOOTHILL, LLC, AS AGENT reassignment WELLS FARGO FOOTHILL, LLC, AS AGENT SECURITY AGREEMENT Assignors: OMNITURE, INC.
2009-11-18 Assigned to ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED reassignment ADOBE SYSTEMS INCORPORATED ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST (SEE DOCUMENT FOR DETAILS). Assignors: OMNITURE, INC.
A method and system for the efficient customization of website tracking data includes a data collector with a user interface for assigning custom events and attributes to events occurring on a website. The data collector receives custom tracking data from the website in response to the occurrence of an event to be tracked. Customization of tracking data is achieved through the use of an embedded tracking code and associated data collection file. The embedded tracking code is configured to report tracking data customized for the website. The data collection server is configured via a graphical user interface to receive and store the customized tracking data. A configuration string from the data collector is inserted into the data collection file on the web site. In this manner, the data collection server and website is customized to collect customized tracking data efficiently without assistance from others.
This application claims priority under 35 U.S.C. § 119(e) to U.S. Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/393,004, filed Jun. 28, 2002, entitled “Custom Insight Module,” the contents of which are incorporated by reference. This application is related to U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/608,515 entitled “Click-Stream Data Collection” , filed on Jun. 26, 2003.
This invention relates to tracking user traffic on websites, and more specifically, to a method and system for generating custom events

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.881832
Retrieved Text: where <returnType> (the return value) is a generic Java class or a primitive type (such as int, double, and so on).
The collection of JavaBeans data adapter uses an external class (named Factory) to produce some objects (the JavaBeans) that constitute the data to pass to the report. To use a collection of JavaBeans as a data adapter in Jaspersoft Studio, you must create an instance of the Factory class and provide a static method to instantiate different JavaBeans and to return them as a collection (java.util.Collection) or an array (Object). The following example shows how you might create write an instance of the Factory class.
A data adapter based on this class would represent five JavaBeans of PersonBean type.
Once you have created your Factory class instance, you can create a data adapter that uses your collection of JavaBeans.
2. To create a connection to handle JavaBeans, select Collection of JavaBeans in the list of data adapter types.
The fields necessary to create a collection JavaBeans appear.
3. Create a name for your adapter.
4. Enter the name of your Java class in the Factory class. For the example above, you would need to specify the class name for TestFactory.
5. Enter the name of the static method in your Factory class. In the example above, this is generateCollection.
6. By default, the field names in your JavaBeans become the field names in your data adapter. If your JavaBeans definition has field descriptions, and you want to use these as names in Jaspersoft Studio, select Use field description.
7. If necessary, you can add the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.843033
Retrieved Text: makes it clear that you are retrieving the data that is associated with the key “B” – this is what an associative array is all about. In general you store some value along with a key and the key is used to retrieve the data. This is also the reason that an associative array is also referred to as key,value storage.
You will see displayed A, B C, Count – that is the associative array has four items not three.
This mixing of associative data and properties is a problem if you are trying to create data handling objects. For example, if you want to create a collection object you can’t simply add methods to the object that is going to be used to store the collection and expect for in to work.
As we will see there really isn’t a 100% good solution to the problem but the end results are very usable.
Let’s take the approach of implementing a constructor function that generates a collection object with the methods we need. The data can be stored internally in an associative array.
Notice that if the key isn’t in the collection the returned value is undefined.
For example a removeAll could be used to clear the collection. You could extend the definition of item to be item(key,item) and allow the user to change the item associated with the key – so creating a mutable collection.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.827452
Retrieved Text: The primary area of a Smart View, on the left side of the window.
The anchor card displays graphs of the most important metrics of the anchor entity over a period of time.
The primary subject of a Smart View, shown in the anchor card.
A logical group of Collection Zone services that gather availability, performance, or model data about devices.
Collectors use generic protocols (ICMP, SNMP) or customized protocols (API calls) to gather data.
The value of a metric at a specific time.
A query that uses a specific protocol to request one or more metrics from a device or application.
For example, to gather system uptime from a Linux host, an SNMP data source requests a specific OID, and an SSH data source runs the uptime command.
A physical or virtual system, or a virtual or cloud infrastructure, from which a Collection Zone gathers availability, performance, and model data.
Example systems include servers, routers, storage systems, and switches. Example infrastructures include Amazon Web Services, VMware vCloud, and Microsoft Azure.
The base set of properties that characterize a group of devices. A device may belong to only one device class.
Device class properties identify the data to collect and the protocol for collecting data.
Resources that belong to a specific device, or processes that run on a specific device.
For example, file systems, applications, and network interfaces are device components.
The process of identifying device components.
The results of discovery are used to populate the model.
A system, process, or feature for which Zenoss Cloud gathers or is sent data points.
A message that is sent to the event processing service.
External events

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.71051
Retrieved Text: I chose. of a diverse range of design, data collection methods and analysis of multiple sources of. Data collection methods in educational research are used to gather information that is then.
This method of study is whereby examiners observe the target group or. As for the vanguard case study of case study research, Merriam conceives. A case study in psychology is a descriptive research approach used to obtain in-depth information about a person, group, or phenomenon. Case study method collextion indexed in many introductory research textbooks and is often taught in qualitative. Ethnography is a vase developed case study method of data collection in psychology the study of cultures and.
T. Some, or all of the material in this helpsheet, appear in:. The qualitative case study method is, although its widely used, not completely. Art and Method of Qualitative Interview. Integrating the data during data collection, analysis, or discussion. May 2017. Usually, psychologists study a single case, but in other instances, a group of people is also applicable.
Yin, 2014 Creswell, 2014 Stake, 2005). Method Primary Feature Main Advantages Main Disadvantages Case Studies An individual, group.
Case studies also tend to use qualitative data, such as interviews, but may occasionally use quantitative data as well, like questionnaires. Second is closer to an experimental study, case study method of data collection in psychology with control. Case studies involve analysis of small data sets, such as one or two companies, that.
Casting nets and testing specimens: Two grand methods of psychology. The three main psychology research methods colleftion surveys, case studies and. Various

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.541973
Retrieved Text: You can query data stored in MongoDB directly from your client application code with the MongoDB query language. Data access rules defined on the Stitch server for each MongoDB collection let you securely filter results based on the logged in user or the content of each document.
The employees collection contains documents describing each employee in an example company. Each document includes the employee’s name, email, role, salary, and information on the employee’s manager. In the following example, we query the employees collection for all documents and display the formatted results in a table.
Try uncommenting the limit and sort read options in the query. The results displayed in the table should update to reflect your changes.
See the Pen Access Data Securely - Query MongoDB by Shannon Bradshaw (@mongodb-docs) on CodePen.
You may not want to allow every employee to see the data of every other employee. We can use collection rules to control the data that each user can access without changing the query pattern.
For the following example, we’ve copied all of the employees collection data into a new collection named direct_reports. This collection is protected by a MongoDB Service rule that only allows a query to return documents that describe the logged in user or one of their direct reports.
If the logged in user’s email address matches the value in the email field of a document, that document describes the user so we allow them to read it. We also allow users to read documents that describe their direct reports, i.e. when the user’s email matches the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.531092
Retrieved Text: Create, read, or delete data in a Cloud Firestore database.
Create a Firebase project at the Firebase console where your data is stored.
Generate a key for the service account.
For more about Cloud Firestore generally, see the Get started with Firestore in the Cloud Firestore documentation.
Note: Cloud Firestore is currently in beta release. Features and support will continue to improve as the product matures.
The following examples illustrate how to configure support for Cloud Firestore extension actions using the ExtensionCallout policy.
The following ExtensionCallout policy adds a document called freewill@example.com to a users collection. The data property specifies the fields and values of the new document.
In this example, the ExtensionCallout policy retrieves the value of the freewill@example.com document from the users collection. Here, the <Output> element's parsed attribute is set to false so that the returned result will be JSON as a string, rather than JSON parsed into an object. For more, see the <Output> element reference.
In this example, the ExtensionCallout policy deletes the lizzie@example.com document from the users collection.
In this example, the ExtensionCallout policy queries a cities collection. Query results are filtered by the state and population fields. Here, the <Output> element's parsed attribute is set to false so that the returned result will be JSON as a string, rather than JSON parsed into an object. For more, see the <Output> element reference.
Deletes a single document from a collection.
colName Name of the collection containing the document to delete. String None. Yes.
docName Name of the document to delete. String None. Yes.
Retrieves the contents of a single document.
colName Name of the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.457052
Retrieved Text: This article describes how to create custom data entities and entity properties. Entity types correspond to the name of collection to which they are posted. For example, if you create a new custom "dog" entity, a "dogs" collection will be created if one did not already exist. If a "dogs" collection already exists, the new "dog" entity will be saved in it. All user-defined properties are indexed, and strings that contain multiple words are keyword-indexed.
Note: The methods cited in this article should be used to create custom data entities. If you are using one of the API Services BaaS SDKs, use one of the entity type-specific SDK methods to create default data entities.
When a new entity is created, API Services will automatically create a corresponding collection if one does not already exist. The collection will automatically be named with the plural form of the entity type. For example, creating a custom entity of type 'item' will automatically create a collection named 'items' in which all future 'item' entities will be saved.
entity_type Entity type to create. API Services will create a corresponding collection if one does not already exist. To add an entity to an existing collections, use the pluralized collection name for entity_type.
This example uses the iOS SDK.
This example uses the Android SDK.
properties Map object that contains the entity properties. The 'type' property is required.
Object that contains the entity properties. The type property is required.
Optionally, you can set getOnExist:true, which returns an existing entity from the API if you try to create a new entity with

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.321766
Retrieved Text: Below are the ABF data request specifications for acute hospitalizations in an Excel workbook. The Excel workbook contains three sheets "APC data specs” sheet contains the overall specifications, the"Diagnosis array format” sheet provides extra detail and an example of how the diagnosis array is to be populated and the"ESWT Cluster Array Format” shows how to form the elective surgery procedure array.
Below are the ABF data request specifications for sub-acute hospitalisations in an Excel workbook. The Excel workbook contains four sheets "Subacute & nonacute” sheet contains the specifications for the additional sub-acute items requested to be collected at a patient level, the "Palliative” sheet provides details of the items to be collected for each palliative care phase, the "Eg ABF Admitted SAC DSS”sheet contains examples of the data to be supplied for sub-acute cases and the "AROC Impairment Codes 2012” sheet provided the list of valid AROC Impairment Codes.
Below are the ABF data request specifications for Emergency care hospitalisations in an Excel workbook. The Excel workbook contains two sheets “Emergency Services Care DRS” sheet contains the specifications for the aggregated data collection, the “Emergency Department Care DRS” sheet contains the specifications for the patient level collection.
Below are the ABF data request specifications for non-admitted hospital care in an Excel workbook. The Excel workbook contains four sheets the “ABF NAP Patient level DRS” sheet contains the specifications for the patient level collection, the “ABF NAP Aggregate DRS” sheet contains the specifications for the aggregated data collection, the “Tier 2 Version 2.0” sheet provided the list of valid Tier

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.284046
Retrieved Text: A common data architecture in pre Drupal 7 websites is the use of a separate content type to represent groups of fields that can have multiple values in an original main content type. For example, you might have a content type called Portfolio Gallery. Galleries can have multiple images, and each image field needs a couple of text fields to provide additional image data(photographer name, location etc).
This example would be created with a Portfolio Gallery content type and a Portfolio Image content type, where Portfolio Galleries can reference several Portfolio Images. This kind of approach works but can result in a convoluted content creation process and can require a lot of extra contrib modules to streamline UI, as well as advanced views and theming techniques to get the displays working properly.
As Drupal 6 reaches the end of its life cycle, more and more sites with a data architecture similar to our example are being migrated to Drupal 7. This represents an excellent opportunity to eliminate this architecture, and take advantage of Drupal 7’s capabilities to improve on it.
Enter Field Collections. The Field Collection module provides us with a new entity that solves a lot of the issues that we faced in our example. It works pretty much as you would expect by the name, allowing us to define collections of fields and make them available in content types or even other field collections. Field Collections solve the problem of representing groups of fields that have multiple values in a single piece of content, and is the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.265074
Retrieved Text: In this blog post, I will provide a worked example demonstrating the five different types of filter operations in Flow.
Each of these filters is used to select a specific subset of rows from a target data collection into a designated result data collection. The five different types of filters each have their various applications and make up some of the elementary operations that are integral to powerful workflow design.
The filter operations are considered a subset of the Working Data actions in Flow. The Working Data actions are the set-based actions in the framework - that is - they are part of the group of operations which take in datasets as input and produce datasets as a result.
This blog post will focus on the simple (non-dynamic and non-variable based) implementations of these different filter operations. In a later blog post, I will provide a detailed explanation of the more advanced configurations of these various actions such as filtering based on variables or embedding filters in loops.
In the section below, I provide a brief overview of each of the different types of filters. I then include a comprehensive video walkthrough which shows examples of how to configure and implement each of these different filters.
The Conditional Filter (simply called Filter) is used to filter out records from a target input data collection which match a sequence of conditional rules.
We may want to explicitly select a subset rows where the State = CA and Sales > 20000.
The Conditional Filter also gives the option to subset the records which do not

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.227205
Retrieved Text: WDCM (Weighing Data Collection Mobile app, i.e. "W Data Collect"): Smart mobile device app that captures real-time weighing data from connected scales, display weighing information and send data the WDCS.
WDC (Weighing Data Collection) System has two versions: Standard Version and Customized Version.
Standard Version supports standard features such as weighing data capture, storage, and management, as well as real-time weight display and control, plus transaction records (users can enter customer information).
Customized Version supports all standard features of Standard Version and furthermore supports client-specified functionality. For example, if a particular client need to use a barcode scanner and a label printer with WDC (Weighing Data Collection) System, then the corresponding customized version would have additional support for a barcode scanner and a label printer, allowing WDC to automatically get a product serial number from a scanned barcode and then automatically print a shipping label that includes product serial number and shipping weight.
​This video demonstrates operating procedures of a WDC (Weighing Data Collection) System, using a customized version as an example. Special customization features are demonstrated: Barcode scanner for automatic serial number reading, plus automatic label printing via a label printer.
​This is a tutorial video for installing and configuring EXCELL Bluetooth dongle driver on the computer -- using the Fernland BLE Tool.
This is a tutorial video on how to use a computer to send 'tare' command wirelessly to the Scale-IoT® QWS scale -- using the Communication Tool on the computer.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.162043
Retrieved Text: Circonus brokers have the ability to both actively collect and passively receive telemetry data from systems.
Active collection (also known as polling) is when the broker plays the active role in collecting data from a system. This usually is as simple as the broker asking a system a question and then waiting for the answer(s).
Circonus's architecture is specifically designed to overcome scaling challenges often present in polling-based monitoring systems. Circonus can scale to hundreds of thousands of polling checks without issue.
The opposite of active collection is when the broker plays a passive role in data collection. In this scenario, the broker collects telemetry data from the system being monitored as it is emitted.
Circonus's design eliminates the scaling challenges associated with active data collection, allowing users to choose the method that offers the most value on the data in question.
The decision usually depends on data velocity and observability. If the data you are interested in is occurring quickly and persistently (a high maintained velocity), then it is often the case that you want to assess the system by observing actual work. This would mean we should use a passive monitoring setup to collect such data. However, not all systems expose this data in a way that can be observed passively, so you are limited to systems that expose data in this way (over protocols such as statsd, collectd, or HTTPtrap).
For example, say you would like to monitor a MySQL database server and must decide whether to use Active or Passive Collection. Ideally you would like to know how

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.120516
Retrieved Text: Built from pimcore/pimcore@cb0caf with pimcore-docs@7e2aaa .
Object field collections are predefined sets of data and layout fields, that can be added to objects at an arbitrary amount.
An object field collection is very similar to an object itself. It has a class or in this case field definition which needs to be made first, and then different field collection definitions can be used to add sets of fields to an object.
So with some restrictions you could say, a field collection is an object within an object.
When adding a field collection field to an object's class definition, the developer needs to specify the allowed field definition types for this field.
The user can then decide which and how many of the available field definitions shall be added to the object.
Field definition data is stored in a separate table for each field definition and object class. The naming convention for these tables is: object_collection_COLLECTION-NAME_OBJECT-ID. Such a table contains all the field data, the concrete object's id, field name and index of of the field collection within the field collection data field. In order to fully understand the data structure of objects and field collections, it is best to enter some example data and have a look at the tables created by Pimcore.
Of course, field collection data can be set programmatically as well. The following code snippet illustrates how this can be achieved. Let's say there is an object class collectiontest and a fieldcollection called *MyCollection. There is an object field called collectionitems which is of the type field collection.
If you want

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.11298
Retrieved Text: You can configure a Data Collection Event to send an email notification if the event does not start by a specified point in time. This is useful to notify users or system administrators that visualizations are not getting updated due to a dependency that is not satisfied.
This feature is only available for data collection events that fire daily or less frequently.
Select the required Data Collection Trigger from the list.
The Data Collection Trigger Editor opens.
Specify the time that should trigger the notification. In the above example, a notification email will be sent if the event does not start by 02:15 AM.
Enter the email address to which the notification is to be sent.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.073929
Retrieved Text: Q.1 Define Data and Information. Differentiate between Data and Information.
Data is the collection of raw facts and figures. It is without any proper meaning.
Data may be collection of words, numbers, graphics or sounds.
1) When students get admission in a college. They fill admission form. This form contains raw facts (data of student) like name, father’s name, address of student etc.
2) During census, data of all citizens is collected.
Processed data is called information. When raw facts and figures are arranged in some order then they become information. Information has proper meanings. Information is useful in decision-making. Actually we process data to convert it into information.
1) Stored data of students can be used to print address labels of students.
2) Census data is used to get report/information about total population of a country and literacy rate etc.
Q.2 Describe types of Data.
There are followimg types of Data.
1) NUMERIC DATA:Numeric data consists of 0 to 9 digits, + and – sign and decimal point etc.
It consists of all alphabetic letters A to Z, a to z and blank space etc. For example, Pakistan, Ahmad, Abdul Rahim, GCC , RYK, Ahmad etc.
It consists of alphabet letters, digits and special characters like #, $, % etc.
For example, House Number 10-A, 14-August-1947, F-16 etc.
Graphic data or image data consists of charts, graphs and images etc. For example a collection of maps of countries, a collection of family pictures etc.
VIDEO DATA:Video data consists of moving pictures. For example movie, TV dram, TV news etc.
6) MIXED DATA:Mixed data consists of combined data of two or more

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.063292
Retrieved Text: Statistical data sets are collection of data maintained in an organized form. The basis of any statistical analysis has to start with the collection of data, which is then analyzed using statistical tools.
Therefore statistical data sets form the basis from which statistical inferences can be drawn.
Statistical data sets may record as much information as is required by the experiment.
For example, to study the relationship between height and age, only these two parameters might be recorded in the data set.
However, if a more comprehensive study in required, then the experimenter might want to record the height at birth, weight, nutritional background, family history, etc.
Therefore the researcher needs to determine beforehand what kinds of data are required to be recorded in the statistical data sets.
Certain things are common to all statistical data sets. For example, the order of the data does not matter, which means the arrangement of the data within the data set is not important. Therefore the researcher has the freedom to organize the subjects under study in whichever order she finds it convenient.
Creating a statistical data set is only the first step in research. The interpretation and validity of the inferences drawn from the data is what is most important. However, this task is not possible without the data sets. Hence these are the starting point for most research in social sciences, medical sciences and physical sciences.
Huge statistical data sets are already available for many areas.
For example, the international genealogical index contains family history of many people in the past. If a researcher needs to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.934692
Retrieved Text: A traffic data collection apparatus includes a generating unit configured to generate traffic data that is information on traffic processed by a device under management, a computation unit configured to calculate the amount of computational resources spent by the generating unit to generate traffic data during a predetermined collection granularity period, and a determination unit configured to determine that traffic data is excessive when the amount of computational resources calculated by the computation unit exceeds a predetermined threshold.
The present invention relates to a traffic data collection apparatus, a traffic data collection method, and a program for managing traffic data in a network system.
Traffic data, which is information on traffic processed by individual nodes, is used to determine whether additional nodes that make up a network system need to be installed and to determine the status of each node for maintenance and management of the network system.
Examples of elements that constitute traffic data include data indicating a failure in wireless resource acquisition or resource busy, a call connection failure factor, and a handoff failure factor.
PTL 1 discloses a technique for collecting traffic data and determining the allowable range in which the volume of traffic is processed in accordance with the traffic data.
PTL 2 and PTL 3 also disclose techniques for analyzing traffic data and determining occurrence of a failure in accordance with the traffic data.
As the wireless communication technology is advancing, the number of functions of each node in network systems is increasing. The increased number of node functions leads to an increase in categories of elements

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.918177
Retrieved Text: The ScatterPointSeries are represented on the chart as not connected data points presented by an arbitrary Template. Each scatter data point has X and Y values which make the position of the data point in the data source and its location on the plot area unrelated. For example the third data point in the data source may appear before the first data point when plotted. There are also scatter line and scatter area series which behave in the exact same way with the only (visual) difference that the points define a line and area respectively.
ScatterPointSeries class inherits from the CartesianSeries class - See the inherited properties.
XValueBinding: Gets or sets the binding that will be used to fill the XValue of ScatterDataPoint members of the DataPoints collection.
YValueBinding: Gets or sets the binding that will be used to fill the YValue of ScatterDataPoint members of the DataPoints collection.
Here's an example of how to implement a RadCartesianChart with the ScatterPoint Series.
Then, create the sample data.
Finally, create a chart using XAML.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.800673
Retrieved Text: Materials and instructions for the Knowrob tutorial will be put here. The following list is still an incomplete collection of items. You will be notified by mail once it is completed.
Go through the KnowRob basics tutorial to make sure everything has been installed correctly.
Download and extract the data labeling tool and the example data for the tutorial. Try to start the labeling tool and to load the example data into the program. You should see a video image and several markers on the timeline. With PgUp and PgDn you should be able to jump through the marker sequence and see the updated video images for each marker.
The presentation slides can be downloaded from here.
The ROS.org page on KnowRob lists several tutorials and links to further information. The KnowRob wiki is a collection of information on many topics related to the KnowRob knowledge base.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.794376
Retrieved Text: A waste management system for associating a collected refuse bin with a corresponding user of that bin. The system comprises a GPS tracker unit on-board a collection vehicle for recording the GPS co-ordinates of each refuse bin during refuse collection therefrom by the collection vehicle. A central server is configured for communication with each of a plurality of collection vehicles so that the GPS co-ordinates of each refuse bin collected during a refuse collection may be communicated to the central server. The server is further configured to effect a datastore lookup for comparing the GPS co-ordinates of the collected refuse bins with pre-recorded geographical data of a plurality of users for associating each refuse bin to a corresponding user.
This application claims benefit of Great Britain Patent Application No. 0818315.4 filed on Oct. 7, 2008.
The present invention relates to a waste management system for associating at least one of a plurality of refuse bins with an appropriate user. In a preferred implementation such association may be effected during actual refuse collection. The present invention more particularly relates to a waste management system which records at least one parameter during refuse collection and compares the recorded parameter with pre-recorded data of registered users to identify the user.
Waste management systems are well known in the art. Collection vehicles may follow planned routes when collecting refuse from bins which are assigned to users or follow ad-hoc routes. It is known to charge per collection and also to charge per weight of refuse collected. If the latter arrangement is used, a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.775599
Retrieved Text: To put upon the files or among the records of a court; to note on the fact date of its reception in court.
To march in a file or line, as soldiers, not abreast, but one after another; generally with off.
Steel instrument, having cutting ridges or teeth, made by indentation with a chisel, used for abrading or smoothing other substances, as metals, wood, etc.
Collection of related information A file represents a single entry in a disk directory , but can be of almost any size Programs are stored as application files WORD EXE is an example Programs create data files Budget XLS is an example of a data file created by EXCEL A data file is often useful only to the program that created it However, interchangeability between programs is becoming more common.
Named collection of information that is stored on a computer disk Also, an internet protocol that refers to files on the local disk.
Set of related information that a computer can access by a unique name Files are the logical units managed on disk by the computer's operating system Files may be stored on tapes or disks.
Collection of data of information stored under a specified name on a disk.
Collection of data treated as a unit, such as a list, document, index, note, set of procedures, etc Generally used to refer to data stored on magnetic tapes or disks See also filename, extension, and file type.
Collection of related data treated as a single unit In a computer, a file can exist on a disk, magnetic tape, or

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.756445
Retrieved Text: CHAR – CHAR is the fixed length and value shorter than are padded space. The maximum length of CHAR is 255.
VARCHAR – VARCHAR is variable length and we can specify the length of the field. (example : name VARCHAR(64)). Maximum length of VARCHAR is 65355 bytes.
It supports traditional UNIX timestamp with nanosecond precision.
cast(date as timestamp) – Midnight of the year/month/day of the date value is returned as timestamp.
cast(string as date) – If the string is in the form ‘YYYY-MM-DD’, then a date value corresponding to that is returned. If the string value does not match this format, then NULL is returned.
cast(timestamp as date) – The year/month/day of the timestamp is returned as a date value.
Float – Floating point types are nothing but numbers with decimal points. Generally, this type of data is composed of DOUBLE data type.
Decimal – Decimal type data is nothing but floating point value with higher range than DOUBLE data type. The range of decimal type is approximately -10-308 to 10308.
Missing values are represented by the special value NULL.
Complex Types can be built up from primitive types and other composite types. Data type of the fields in the collection are specified using an angled bracket notation.
Example – array (‘abc’, ‘abcd’ ); First element is accessed with array.
2. MAP – Collection of key-value pairs. Fields are accessed using array notation of keys (e.g., [‘key’]).
Example – ‘first’ -> ‘abc’ , ‘last -> ‘xyz’ is represented as map(‘first’, ‘abc’, ‘last’, ‘xyz’).
3. UNIONTYPE – It is similar to Unions in C. At any point of time, an

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.735949
Retrieved Text: START will conduct a three-part desk study culminating in the development of enhanced data collection frameworks for counterterrorism effectiveness. Part one will examine the state of empirical research on counterterrorism effectiveness building off previous START work conducted for the Department of Defense, which resulted in an online knowledge tool—the Influencing Violent Extremist Organizations (I-VEO) Knowledge Matrix. Part two will consider ways in which START’s terrorism data can be leveraged to measure counterterrorism effectiveness, taking START’s Government Actions in Terrorist Environments (GATE) project as one example.
Finally, START will use the information from the aforementioned efforts to develop an enhanced data collection framework, which will eventually enable the collection of data on “blue” (e.g., counterterrorism) actions and effectiveness, as well as additional data on “green” (e.g. relevant contextual data) and “red” (e.g., data on terrorist behavior) as desired, in a way that is optimized for integrated analysis alongside data from existing START databases (e.g., GTD, BAAD2, LEADIR). The enhanced data collection framework will be used to systematize data collection occurring at different levels of analysis. This will enable more efficient and accurate integrated analysis using both multiple existing START datasets, as well as with future START datasets. As such, this project will allow policymakers and practitioners to accurately and efficiently inform counterterrorism decision-making using multiple different types of datasets.
This report will involve rigorously structured desk-based research and background interviews/consultations with SMEs.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.726564
Retrieved Text: In MongoDB we use the find and findOne methods to find data in a collection.
Just like the SELECT statement is used to find data in a table in a MySQL database.
To select data from a collection in MongoDB, we can use the find_one() method.
The find_one() method returns the first occurrence in the selection.
To select data from a table in MongoDB, we can also use the find() method.
The find() method returns all occurrences in the selection.
The first parameter of the find() method is a query object. In this example we use an empty query object, which selects all documents in the collection.
No parameters in the find() method gives you the same result as SELECT * in MySQL.
The second parameter of the find() method is an object describing which fields to include in the result.
This parameter is optional, and if omitted, all fields will be included in the result.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.70372
Retrieved Text: Excel Data Entry Form Template. ease the pain of data entry with an excel forms template pryor learning solutions. excel data entry form template from accountancy templates youtube. excel data entry form template sampletemplatess sampletemplatess. 29 images of calendar with free template for excel data entry. 6 excel data entry form template exceltemplates exceltemplates. excel data collection template invitation template. excel data entry template example spreadsheet template accounting advanced payslip generator. 7 excel input form template exceltemplates exceltemplates. create data input form excel best photos of data collection template excel 6 month ease the. create a data entry form in excel free microsoft excel tutorials. [Orangecountyseniorphotos.com].

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.700375
Retrieved Text: For mobile data collection-based programs aiming to amplify their impact or increase their direct client interaction, short message service (SMS) has become an increasingly effective form of mobile engagement.
SMS technology can be used as a standalone data collection solution or as a way to enhance existing communication channels with targeted notifications or periodic reminders.
And for projects using CommCare, SMS notifications have helped to improve the efficiency, communication, and data collection of organizations and individuals providing frontline services.
With a growing number of users of mobile data collection tools, targeted messaging campaigns can offer programs a direct line of contact to the people they aim to serve. When you implement targeted messaging into your data collection plan, you will be able to connect more readily with your users and beneficiaries.
What are the benefits of using SMS?
When implemented properly, SMS notifications can spur heightened participation, improve relationships between frontline workers and beneficiaries, and offer immediate feedback to users. In fact, some research suggests that regular motivational messages could produce changes in behavior that lead to improved treatment adherence and clinical outcomes.
Our messaging service was originally built in response to the need to communicate with patients in clinical trials, send out medication reminders and appointment confirmations, and coordinate staff communications and activities. As such, it supports two-way messaging, broadcast messages, and reminders that can be scheduled for recipients based on configurable data elements such as date of registration or language preference.
Since its inception, many programs have used CommCare Messaging as both a core data collection workflow and as a complement

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.70017
Retrieved Text: This week we’re going to consider an often-overlooked function of your IT operations management system: data collection and correlation.
It’s easy to focus on the reports and the dashboard views. That’s what we all look at, day in and day out. So, it’s also easy to forget about the basic data collection and subsequent data correlation that goes on behind the scenes automatically. The last time you thought about that was probably during the platform sales pitch.
But collection and correlation represent a crucial step. If relevant data doesn’t get into the system, then there can be no downstream magic.
The data collection subsystem must be capable of ingesting a wide variety of data delivered by multiple protocols. It will poll systems, applications and services, either directly or via downstream distributed clients. It will accept SNMP traps and event and alert notifications. It will absorb system logs, event logs, application and service logs.
And it must do so without creating a bottleneck or dropping potentially important packets. Downstream filtering can help here, but adequate processing power and network bandwidth are prerequisites.
Auto-discovery of new devices, applications and services is a valuable tool, but you shouldn’t depend on them without periodic verification. Managed devices often have performance plug-ins such as performance poller modules. These should be verified to ensure that they are configured properly, lest you auto-discover misleading information. As you know, you should always ensure that you are collecting the proper data from any new service.
A simple ICMP poller is great for up-down ability testing, while a fully instrumented SNMP-based application

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.695126
Retrieved Text: Take a step back and think about the data available to your business. Chances are it has grown exponentially, and will likely continue to do so into the future. While this can be useful as more data equals a better, clearer picture of what is going on in your business, there is still a large amount of data that is useless. In order to prevent you and your company from being overwhelmed, you should have a well defined data collection system in place.
What is well defined data collection?
Everyone collects data, even people who don’t use computers. The key to being able to successfully leverage the data you have available to your business lies in a strong foundation – in this case, how you collect your data. With an appropriate system in pace you will know what data to collect and measure, and just how important it is. From here, you can more effectively analyze and interpret it, allowing you to make more informed decisions.
Often the most important data you need is in relation to your customers. Your first step should be to define important customer interactions. For example, if you own an online store, you will likely want to know where your customers come from, the items they click on, items they add to their cart, and items they ultimately buy.
By first identifying important interactions to track, you can then look for metrics and data collection methods related to these interactions. This makes it easier for you to track the most important data.
Don’t just focus on

================



======= Instance Index 477 =========
Input Text: To experience evaporation you can

Which is the correct answer?
- Pour water into a lake
- Run water in a facet
- Put plastic over a plant
- Watch the rain fall

Target Text: Put plastic over a plant

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.320698
Retrieved Text: The All-Clad HA1 Nonstick Saucepan is great for making sauces, heating liquids, cooking food in liquids and reheating. With high, straight sides and generous surface area, this saucepan holds heat well and limits evaporation. Because of its shape, it's ideal for making sauces, heating liquids, cooking food in liquids and reheating. Can be used with or without its lid to control evaporation. With HA1 Hard Anodized cookware, you can experience the renowned quality of All-Clad and the ultimate convenience of nonstick. The All-Clad cookware's three layers of PFOA-free nonstick coating ensure effortless food release and make cleanup a breeze. Even more, Hard Anodized nonstick cookware offers dishwasher safe convenience, induction compatibility, and warp-resistant strength.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.185328
Retrieved Text: Evaporation source is used for the heating the film substrate and vaporized to the material.
Current evaporation source used mainly resistance heating, electron beam heating, induction heating, arc heating, and laser heating and other forms.
Resistance heating evaporation source: resistive evaporation source is simple, economical, reliable, and is widely used. Heat resistance heating evaporation source material generally used in W, Mo, Ta, Nb and other refractory metals and Ni and Ni-Cr alloys.
Sometimes a lot of material can not be used in the form of resistance heating evaporation, such as usual visible and near-infrared optics coating of insulating material. In this case an electron beam heating method must be used.
3. the electron gun evaporation kinetic energy of particles, is conducive to obtain a dense, good film adhesion.
4. Disadvantages: the structure is more complex, more expensive.
Leading-Coating Company also can offer all kinds of the evaporation sources for your coating machines. And our technical team also can give you suggestions if you need. Please feel free to conatact us if you have any requirement for the evaporation vacuum coating machines and evaporation resources.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.701794
Retrieved Text: The rate of evaporation is defined as the amount of water evaporated from a unit surface area per unit of time. This parameter is an important indicator of the need for water of agricultural area’s and also for hydrologists to monitor the water balance of an area. Measuring the level of evaporation is especially important in mine sites to determine the rate of improvement in water quality.
All Unidata’s evaporation systems measure how much water evaporates from a US Class A evaporation pan by measuring the water level in an adjoining still well. In agriculture people rather talk of evapotranspiration, meaning the combined evaporation of the soil and the transpiration of plants.
Unidata supplies three models of evaporation system that cover nearly all evaporation measurement applications. Typically these systems are able to be used in dams and other water bodies, mines and remote installations, farms and pastoral leases, salt producers, fresh water producers and irrigation systems. The simplest model is a manually operated unit while the most sophisticated is automated to the point where it requires only infrequent intervention by an operator.
The more complex evapotranspiration monitoring can be performed on a site if weather parameters such as wind, relative humidity, temperate and solar radiation are available. When these parameters are analysed as well, evapotranspiration can be determined by formulae such as Penman / Monteith.
Using a stillwell 6529G reduces the impact of fluctuations in the pan’s water level caused by wind. The water level in the stillwell is measured using a modified 6541 Water Level Instrument. This arrangement delivers

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.380342
Retrieved Text: Tags: circulator, Conserves Energy, Dish Washer proof, High Temperature tolerance, lid, precision immersion, Precision Immersion Circulator, Prevents Evaporation, sous vide, sous vide container, Sous Vide Water Bath.
Enjoy a restaurant grade cooking experience with this tailored lid for your Anova Precision Immersion Circulator – for use with the popular 12, 18 or 22 quart containers by Rubbermaid. Practically eliminates evaporation/water loss, so that you can cook for long time periods, without worrying about refilling water. Corner-cut for effective use of the space in your bath. Thoroughly tested in our laboratories for extended time periods, the lid will reduce energy consumption by more than 50% – makes for environmentally friendly and reasonably priced cooking. Crystal clear, and completely transparent – makes it easy to see the food while cooking. Owing to the high quality polycarbonate manufactured by Beyer AG, Germany, the lid is durable and strong – and easy to clean. Completely safe to put in the dishwasher.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.322098
Retrieved Text: Water levels in your pond will fluctuate, mainly related to warmer weather and increased evaporation. Evaporation on the whole is unavoidable in a pond environment however it can be reduced by increasing shade over the pond and reducing water flow in times of hot weather.
To combat water loss through evaporation you should regularly top up the pond using tap water treated with Fresh Start, these top ups should not replace your regular water changes.
If you suffer with evaporation in a pond with fish it is important to keep the water level topped up as evaporation may decrease oxygen levels. If oxygen levels are depleted you may see your fish swimming nearer or gasping at the surface of the pond. If the water level has dropped considerably you should support your fish with Stress Away and Pond Guardian Pond Salt to reduce the impact of the stress caused by deoxygenation.
If you fear there may be a leak in your pond it is important to find the hole in the pond liner which you can repair using the correct repair kit for your liner. You can usually find the hole along the water line at the level the pond water stops dropping.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.260553
Retrieved Text: MVR Evaporator Energy-saving and efficient performance outstanding, the equipment can fully use the evaporation of two times steam energy, so can reduce the demand for external energy.
3, some drugs evaporation condensed crystallization.
First of all, in use, the MVR evaporator does not require steam evaporation, pure with the recovery of two times steam preheating and mechanical compression can maintain normal evaporation. Secondly, in the evaporation process, also do not need to set the condensation system, do not need cooling water to cool two times steam.
At the same time also can achieve low-temperature evaporation, so MVR evaporator can be used for heat-sensitive material enrichment.
Third, the entire evaporation process consumes very little energy, it is understood that the use of MVR evaporator evaporation per ton of water requires at least 30KW of electrical energy consumption, the total efficiency of the equivalent of 20 evaporator. From the above introduction can be seen, for users, the MVR evaporator not only good evaporation effect, but also very obvious energy efficiency.
MVR evaporator can not only reduce operating costs, but also greatly improve energy efficiency, reduce waste, with good social and environmental benefits.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.205307
Retrieved Text: In former article, we have introduced a lot about the rotary evaporator, including the working principle, sorts and application in kitchen. Rotary evaporator is common instrument in laboratory, it consists of motor, distillation bottle, heating pot and condenser, it is widely used in the fields of chemistry, medicine, bioengineering, etc. Today I will introduce what is rotary evaporation, and it’s advantages and disadvantages.
Rotary evaporator is controlled by the motor so that to make the rotary flask keep rotating and to enlarge the evaporation in rotary flask. Rotary evaporation is mainly used for separation and condensation of solid reagents. The working principle is: put the sample in the bottom of rotary flask, then heating by water bath or oil bath. The rotary flask will keep rotating under the power of motor when heating. In this case, the solvent can spread the whole flask, so that to prompt the evaporation area and speed.
Rotary evaporation removes solutes and solvents at relatively low temperatures. Rotary evaporation is mainly used to collect solutes, the purpose of collecting solution is for recycling and reducing pollution. In addition, rotary evaporation is heated by a water bath or a oil bath. For liquids that are not easy to boil, rotary evaporation can be further operated under boiling conditions. Conversely, for liquids in boiling, rotary evaporation can control its temperature and pressure to near or below the boiling point to ensure it evaporation. Generally speaking, rotary evaporation can greatly reduce the time of experimentation compared to vapour evaporation. Usually, rotary evaporation can be completed in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.199476
Retrieved Text: E-beam evaporation is a process similar to thermal evaporation i.e. a source material is heated above its boiling/sublimation temperature and evaporated to form a film on the surfaces that is stroke by the evaporated atoms. This evaporation method has just like thermal evaporation a pore ability to cover steps which also makes this method ideal for lift-off processes. A noticeable advantage of e-beam evaporation over thermal evaporation is the possibility to add a larger amount of energy into the source material. This yields a higher density film with an increased adhesion to the substrate. Because the electron beam only heats the source material and not the entire crucible, a lower degree of contamination from the crucible will be present than in the case of thermal evaporation. By using a multiple crucible E-beam gun, several different materials can be deposited without breaking the vacuum.
The Cryofox electron beam deposition system is a series of vacuum deposition systems that use electron beam deposition. You can get an electron beam deposition system that has either a single or a split chamber. Either form of electron beam deposition system is usable for both small-scale manufacturing of high-end components and for R&D projects. The electron beam deposition system can contain up to eight different materials in its sources making it possible to perform advanced multi-layer structures and still maintain the vacuum.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.09983
Retrieved Text: The Panbo climate computers have been designed in cooperation with Siemens and Honeywell.
The philosophy behind this cooperation is the application of worldwide knowledge on climate control to the mushroom industry.
Siemens and Honeywell have a great experience and reputation in manufacturing hardware for climate control systems. Panbo Systems BV has a lot of practical knowledge about the climate for mushrooms and compost.
Together they combined their knowledge to develop the most innovative new climate computer in the mushroom industry. Panbo has a computer system for growing rooms (Panbo 600 Grow Computer), phase I composting bunkers (Panbo 400 Bunker Computer) and phase II and III composting tunnels (Panbo 500 Tunnel Computer).
The Panbo climate computers are designed using a very straightforward concept, simple to use and allowing the programs to be easily extended with upgrades. Panbo is also able to make an on-line connection with the computers to give their clients professional help whenever needed.
With our computer system we can measure the evaporation in the room by hanging dry and wet bulb sensors in the path of the incoming air duct, and by taking a reading in the growing room as well. You get the extent of evaporation using the difference between the two measuring points.
The controls from Panbo include a figure for evaporation, expressed in grams of moisture per hour per m2. Controlling the evaporation improves the quality and shelf life of the mushrooms. Especially in the 3rd flush the quality and the quantity of the mushrooms are higher, and it reduces the risk of bacterial blotch considerably.
With evaporation-based

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.098127
Retrieved Text: Product categories of Vacuum Evaporation Metallizer, we are specialized manufacturers from China, Vacuum Evaporation Metallizer, Vacuum Evaporation System suppliers/factory, wholesale high-quality products of Vacuum Metallizer R & D and manufacturing, we have the perfect after-sales service and technical support. Look forward to your cooperation!
Vertical single door type, Vertical double door type, Horizontal double door type, Square advertising board evaporation coating machine, Silicone oil protective film evaporation coating machine , Rainbow color evaporation coating machine, Inner coating evaporation coating machine, Laboratory/small size evaporation coating machine, etc.
1) It can be widely used to do the decorative coating and function coating on the surface of plastic, ceramic, glass , resin, candle and metal material .
2) high efficiency, full automatic, integrating the vacuum technology, evaporation coating and electromechanical integration technology together. Its an ideal equipment to do the high-grade decorative coating .
3) It can be widely used in Crafts, gifts, hardware appliances, accessories and electronics, machinery, light industry and other industries.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.076462
Retrieved Text: Efficient rotary film evaporator is an evaporation and distillation equipment of high efficiency which is used to distribute liquid and form uniform thin film for evaporation or distillation by high-speed rotation. It also has functions as deodorization, defoaming, heating and cooling unit operations, etc.
1, High heat transfer coefficient, evaporation capacity, evaporation intensity can reach 200kg/m2 • hr, high thermal efficiency.
2,The material heating time is short, about 5 seconds to 10 seconds, and work under vacuum conditions, more favorable to the heat-sensitive materials, to maintain a variety of ingredients do not produce any decomposition, to ensure product quality.
4, Change the direction of the scraper groove rotation, you can adjust the material in the evaporator's care time.
5. The inner wall of the evaporation section barrel is precisely boring and polished, and the surface is less prone to coking and scaling.
6, Easy to operate, product index adjustment is easy, under confined conditions, can be controlled for continuous production.
7, The equipment covers an area of small, simple structure, easy maintenance, easy to clean.
It can be widely applicable to Chinese and Eastern pharmaceutical, food, light industry, petroleum, chemical industry, environment protection, etc.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.962696
Retrieved Text: All liquids evaporate if exposed to certain elements. The rate at which a liquid evaporates depends on its molecular structure. The other factors that affect evaporation are surface area, temperature and air movement. You can do a few fairly simple experiments to demonstrate the effect that the various factors have on the rate of evaporation.
Molecules contained in a liquid evaporate from the surface area. This means that the larger the surface area, the faster the rate of evaporation. Test this by putting water into two different containers. Use one that has a diameter of a 3 or 4 inches, such as a glass, and another that has a diameter of 8 to 10 inches, such as a bowl. Put 2oz of water into a measuring jug then transfer it to the glass. Do the same for the bowl and then place the containers next to each other. This means all the other factors that affect the rate of evaporation are identical. Leave the containers for one hour. Pour the water from each container into the measuring jug and write down how much water is left. The amount of water left in the bowl is much less than is left in the glass, due to the difference in surface area.
Temperature affects the rate of evaporation. The higher the temperature, the more molecules move, enabling them to escape from the surface of a liquid. Fill two same-size glasses with 2oz of water. Put one glass in the refrigerator and the other in a warm place, perhaps near a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.873558
Retrieved Text: In a new animation of moisture transport in the atmosphere of moisture transport in the atmosphere, you can watch last year's precipitation fall over land and sea. See tropical cyclones develop and unfold. The animation is made by climate modeler Mats Bentsen at the Bjerknes Centre for Climate Research and Uni Research.
The new animation shows moisture transport in the atmosphere from 1st September until 30th November 2014. In it you can see precipitation, evaporation and moisture content in the atmosphere and watch how they move across the globe. At the same time you can see the sea ice grow in the Arctic and the new winter's snow settling across North America, northern Europe and Russia.
Watch the large amount of precipitation moving over the north Atlantic and into the west coast of Norway from 26th to 28th October, resulting in the flooding in Odda and Flåm on the west coast of Norway. Around the same time you will also see the Alps turning white.
Shades of white indicate the total moisture content in the atmosphere, most of which is water vapour. Pink shades indicate the amount of evaporation, while blue shades show precipitation.
Mats Bentsen, researcher at Uni Research and the Bjerknes Centre, created the animation and received help from Øyvind Breivik at the Norwegian Meteorological Institute in downloading the historical weather forecast data from ECMWF (European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecast). The background is a composite image from satellite data made by NASA's Earth Observatory.
The animation clearly shows snowfalls. Looking east of Central Norway on 5th November, you

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.75518
Retrieved Text: The choice of a compressor for a certain piece of cooling equipment depends primarily on two factors.
As we have seen, all the cooling system needs an element of control, which may be an expansion valve or a capillary tube. In circuit equipped with a capillary tube, the pressure in the suction and discharge sides equalize during the shutdown of the compressor. In this type of circuit, the compressor is powered by a motor that has a low starting torque.
Whereas, in a circuit with an expansion valve, only coolant flows through the valve when the compressor is on. After a while, the pressures between the suction and discharge do not equalize. In this case, the compressor is equipped with a motor with a high starting torque.
LST - Low starting torque, used in capillary systems.
HST - High Starting Torque, used in systems with expansion valves.
- Freezers operating at very low temperatures ranging from -25°C to -35°C.
- Dehumidifier that works with an evaporation temperature above 0°C.
The heat absorption by the refrigerant will depend on the evaporation temperature.
A certain temperature in the evaporator corresponds to a certain pressure. The gas density is low at low temperatures and therefore only a small amount of heat can be absorbed during evaporation. If the evaporation occurs at a higher temperature, for example, 0 ° C, the pressure and density increase and the amount of heat will be greater.
For this reason, we can conclude that the work done by a compressor motor will be higher than that achieved by the same compressor at a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.7362
Retrieved Text: An Ocea® Pool cover can have a huge effect on the amount of overall energy you use to maintain and run a swimming pool.
Using a cover will greatly reduce the heat loss through evaporation saving up to 85% of overall heat loss from the pool water and thus significantly reduce the heating costs of the pool. Stopping evaporation also directly effects the quantity of chemicals used to maintain hygienic water conditions and reducing the amount of water needed to top up pool after evaporation.
To control the humidity within your indoor pool hall a dehumidification and an air heating system will be required The capacity of this sophisticated equipment will be determined directly by the amount of evaporation that it will be required to handle. Using a cover will mean that the average amount of evaporation will be greatly reduced and therefore the capacity of the unit required and the capital cost of the dehumidification system can be greatly reduced by opting to use a pool cover.
An Ocea® Solar cover has been specifically designed and developed to harness the maximum amount of energy available and transfer it directly to the pool water therefore dramatically reducing the annual heating costs.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.716759
Retrieved Text: 1. Buy a covered water tank.
If you are in the midst of purchasing an industrial water tank, keep evaporation at bay and choose one that comes with a cover. When the water is covered, it isn't exposed to sun, wind and other elements that create evaporation. If you've already bought your water tank and it's uncovered, check out the tips below.
2. Build a shelter around your water tank.
If your tank always seems to be losing water from evaporation, consider building a shelter around it. The roof of a simple metal building keeps sunlight away from your water tank, and the walls block the wind.
If your budget allows and you create a building with heating and cooling in it, you can try to keep the temperature at optimal levels to ensure evaporation doesn't occur. You may have to experiment a bit to see which temperatures work the best, but in most cases, cool temps are optimal.
3. Add a floating cover to your water tank.
If putting up a building doesn't work for your site, consider adding a floating cover to your water tank. These covers sit on the top of the water in the tank, and they rise and fall as the water levels change. There is a range of different floating covers, but ideally, you should look for one that is resistant to sunlight and made to withstand exposure to the elements.
4. Create a wind block.
Wind plays a huge role in evaporation. Essentially, as the sun heats up the water, some of the water droplets turn to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.705172
Retrieved Text: An apparatus for forming a film having high uniformity in its film thickness distribution is provided. An evaporation source is used in which an evaporation cell, or a plurality of evaporation cells, having a longitudinal direction is formed, and by moving the evaporation source in a direction perpendicular to the longitudinal direction of the evaporation source, a thin film is deposited on a substrate. By making the evaporation source longer, the uniformity of the film thickness distribution in the longitudinal direction is increased. The evaporation source is moved, film formation is performed over the entire substrate, and therefore the uniformity of the film thickness distribution over the entire substrate can be increased.
2. A method of manufacturing a light emitting device comprising the steps of: disposing an evaporation cell in a chamber, the evaporation cell having a length of 300 mm or greater in a longitudinal direction of the evaporation cell; disposing a substrate over the evaporation cell in the chamber; heating the evaporation cell to evaporate an organic material contained in the evaporation cell and to form a light emitting layer over the substrate; and changing a relative position of the substrate with respect to the evaporation cell in a direction orthogonal to the longitudinal direction of the evaporation cell in the chamber while evaporating the organic material.
3. The method according to claim 2 wherein the evaporation cell is moved in the step of changing the relative position of the substrate.
4. The method according to claim 2 wherein the light emitting device is a display device.
5.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.673162
Retrieved Text: When the Earth begins to get too hot, the water increases in temperature. As the water continues to get hotter, it begins to undergo a phase change in which water turns to gas. The water droplets turn into water vapor because the temperature has caused the individual water molecules to speed up considerably. This process of heating water up and turning it into vapor is known as evaporation.
Evaporation should not be confused with boiling because when water undergoes evaporation, only water molecules that are on the surface of the water are actually turning into water vapor. Under conditions of boiling, the entire water has reached a complete phase change and therefore, the water is being turned into gas at a much faster rate. The steam that is rising off of a pot of boiling water is water vapor evaporating.
Pressure: The higher the pressure, the slower the evaporation because there is more pressure on the surface of the water keeping the molecules in place. If pressure is removed, the molecules can more freely launch themselves.
Concentration: If the air is already very humid, it will take much longer for a cup of water to evaporate than if there is no water in the air at all. The more concentration, the slower the evaporation rate.
Density: If a substance is more dense, the evaporation rate is slower. This is why alcohol evaporates faster than water, while water evaporates faster than mercury. Alcohol is less dense than water which is less dense than mercury.
Surface Area: If all of the heat is

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.629854
Retrieved Text: The perfect solution for odd shaped or large pools where a physical cover may not be practical, Heatsavr™ is an effective liquid pool cover that greatly reduces heat loss and evaporation from your exposed pool surface. It is made of simple biodegradable ingredients that form a mono-molecular barrier to slow the heat and water loss by substantially slowing evaporation. Evaporation is one of the main forms of heat, water, and chemical loss from swimming pools and spas. Slowing evaporation also has the added advantage of lowering humidity.
Heatsavr™ is added directly to the pool water at a rate of 1oz per 400 sq. ft. of surface area. It can be applied either manually on a daily basis, or by utilizing our Automatic Metering System to administer the product for you.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.513142
Retrieved Text: GE�s Evaporation System to Help Boost Production, Reduce Liquid Waste Requiring Disposal.
GE�s wastewater evaporation technologies have been selected to improve wastewater recovery at an existing oil sands project near Fort McMurray in Alberta, Canada. The facility utilizes once through steam generators (OTSGs) to produce steam, which drives the steam assisted gravity drainage (SAGD) process for the production of bitumen, which is a heavy crude oil produced from oil sands.
GE�s system will recycle a portion of the OTSG blowdown, thereby decreasing the volume of liquid waste from the facility and increasing the volume of boiler feed water available for generation of steam and production of bitumen. The use of GE�s evaporation technologies for the recovery of OTSG blowdown is gaining traction in the Alberta oil sands, where producers are seeking sustainable production processes that satisfy increasingly stringent environmental regulations. This project is the fifth to utilize GE�s evaporation technologies for OTSG blowdown treatment. To date, 14 SAGD projects have selected GE evaporation technologies, including six over the past 19 months, for their produced water and OTSG blowdown treatment applications.
�We are aligning our businesses to best meet the needs of Canada�s oil sands industry by offering more energy and water efficient products and services,� said Jeff Connelly, vice president, engineered systems�water and process technologies for GE Power & Water.
For example, in December 2011, GE opened a new oil sands support center in Fort McMurray to provide greater local support to customers as they experience significant growth in this important sector. In 2012, GE also is scheduled to open

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.50961
Retrieved Text: Due to the reasonable structural design, the industrial wastewater evaporator can meet the production requirements of continuous feeding and continuous discharging, and with the cooperation of forced circulation, the internal structure makes the crystal and the clear liquid effectively and quickly separated. It can be used for evaporation and crystallization of sodium chloride, phenylalanine acid, sodium sulfate, ammonium chloride and ammonium acid; materials such as barium chloride, zinc sulfate, calcium chloride, ammonium sulfate and sodium hydroxide.
At present, the performance of the industrial wastewater evaporator is outstanding in the evaporation process: the temperature is relatively low, the evaporation speed is fast, the evaporation energy is low, and the evaporation concentration is high, so that the liquid having a large viscosity is easy to flow and evaporate, and it is not easy to scale. And it can be designed as single-effect or multi-effect evaporation unit according to the characteristics of the material and the amount of evaporation.
From the current application situation, industrial wastewater evaporators have been widely used in the chemical industry, metal mining smelting, pickling waste liquid in large steel plants, wet desulfurization waste liquid treatment in power plants, and so on. Due to the characteristics and complexity of various solutions in various factories, we will make corresponding technical solutions according to the composition and content of the crystal precipitation solution provided by the user for structural design and selection.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.46692
Retrieved Text: Evaporation is a process by which a substance changes from a liquid state to a gaseous state at temperatures below the boiling point of the liquid. In nature, evaporation—especially from the oceans—plays a key role in the water cycle by moving water from its liquid state on Earth’s surface to the atmosphere as water vapor. The rate of evaporation depends on the temperature difference between the surface of the liquid and the air. The greater the difference in temperature, the faster evaporation occurs.
All molecules in a liquid move, but some move faster than others. As the molecules at the surface of a liquid absorb heat energy from the environment, they begin to move around more quickly. When the molecules are moving fast enough—when they have enough kinetic energy to break the bonds that connect them to other water molecules—they are able to “escape” from the surface of the liquid as gas molecules.
Evaporation is not the only process by which a substance can change from a liquid to a gaseous state. The same change can occur through boiling. As a liquid is heated, its molecules absorb heat energy and move faster, as occurs in evaporation. In boiling, however, bubbles of vapor form within the liquid and rise to the surface. The temperature at which this occurs is known as the boiling point of the liquid.
There are two key differences between evaporation and boiling. The first difference is where the change of state occurs. Evaporation takes place only at the surface of a liquid, whereas boiling may occur

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.419132
Retrieved Text: Our customers are often confused as to whether their pool is leaking or if their water loss is just due to natural evaporation. On one hand if pools are leaking, they usually leak below ground and leave no direct evidence that there is even a leak. On the other hand evaporation can remove several inches of water per week at certain times and even in Winter periods, during windy and dry conditions, evaporation rates can match or exceed that of the Summer periods.
1. Fill your pool up to an adequate level that will allow your filtration to operate and not require you to further top the pool up within a 1 week period.
2. Somehow take note of this water level point in the pool, this is usually easiest achieved by noting the level inside the skimmer box and taking a measurement with a ruler or tape measure.
3. Take a normal 10 litre plastic bucket and fill the bucket approximately ¾ full with water. Mark the level of this water on the bucket with either tape or a felt pen.
4. Place this bucket directly beside the pool.
5. Now monitor the water level in the pool and the bucket over the next 4-7 days. If you are using the pool during this period, ensure that no excessive splashing goes on that would affect the outcome of this test. And obviously do not top up the pool with water or perform any filter backwashing during this period.
Essentially if the pool loses noticeably more water than the bucket, then it

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.413078
Retrieved Text: When performing any type of vacuum heat treatment it is always important to be aware of the possibility of evaporation and/or sublimation of elements, which can be present in the material being processed, introduced into the vacuum system with the workload, inherent in the equipment design or introduced during maintenance, repair or rebuilds. In cases where evaporation may be a concern, the vaporization rate is of prime importance and is directly related to the furnace pressure (the higher the pressure, the more frequent the collision of gas molecules and correspondingly, the few metal atoms leave the metal’s surface).
Vaporization is the process that occurs when a chemical or element is converted from a liquid (or a solid) to a gas. When a liquid is converted to a gas, the process is called evaporation or boiling; when a solid is converted to a gas, the process is called sublimation. The pressure exerted by the vapor of a liquid in a confined space is called its vapor pressure. As the temperature increases so too does its vapor pressure. Conversely, the vapor pressure decreases as the temperature decreases.
The vapor pressure differs for different substances at any given temperature, but each substance has a specific vapor pressure for each given temperature. At its boiling point the vapor pressure of a liquid is equal to atmospheric pressure. For example, the vapor pressure of water, measured in terms of the height of mercury in a barometer, is 4.58 mm at 0°C and 760 mm at 100°C (its boiling point).
All metals evaporate as a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.404636
Retrieved Text: Scientists have observed unexpected changes in the seawater salinity and they are increasingly concerned about the potential impact on ocean currents. The salinity of seawater can accelerate the water cycle which can cause extreme weather events like floods and drought.
To investigate the issue of ocean salinity scientists have boarded the research vessel Knorr, which set sail on September 6, 2012. NASA’s Aquarius instrument is part of a separate research project that has been measuring seawater salinity from space since August 2011.
In addition to ocean salinity, researchers are exploring the water cycle which involves the ways that water circulates between the Earth’s oceans, atmosphere, and land. This process involves precipitation and return to the atmosphere by evaporation and transpiration.
Although seawater is not uniformly saline throughout the world, the vast majority of seawater has a salinity level between 3.1 percent and 3.8 percent. Ocean salinity has been stable for billions of years, however scientists have observed that the salinity of seawater has been changing over the course of the last five decades.
These changes in salinity are accelerating the water cycle. As global temperatures get warmer, evaporation increases, altering the frequency, strength and distribution of rainfall around the planet.
Salinity, water cycle, temperature and weather are interconnected phenomenon. Ocean salinity is important because it affects ocean circulation; this in turn affects ocean temperatures, which can alter the weather.
Seawater which is high in saline can cause radical alterations in weather patterns. Salty water has a tendency to sink while warmer water rises to the surface, this impacts ocean currents which then

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.363785
Retrieved Text: What are the key aspects to be kept in mind before buying Evaporation Boat for metallizing?
What is resistivity of Evaporation Boat?
Resistivity is a measure of the resisting power of a specified material to the flow of an electric current.
A boat with low electrical resistivity will readily allow electrical current to flow through it, thereby failing to heat up. On the other hand, highest electrical resistivity is limited by metallizer’s power supply. Therefore, it is desirable that the boat be of optimum electrical resistivity so that it heats up slowly, allowing aluminum to melt on it and cause uniform coating.
What is wettability of Evaporation Boat?
Simply put, this is a measure of how the molten metal (aluminum, in most cases) will behave when in contact with the ceramic boat. Better wettability of the boat will mean improved quality in coating. Impurities in the evaporation boat can lead to poor wettability. Molten metal not spreading evenly, puddle forming, spitting etc. are some of the issues we face when the boat is not wetted properly. Although high wettability is quite desired, it comes at the cost of the life of boat. In other words, very high wettability leads to lower resistance to corrosion. Therefore, an ideal evaporation boat will have balance between wettability and resistance to corrosion.
When aluminum liquefies on the boat, it starts reacting with boron nitride present in the boat and forms aluminum nitride and compounds of boride, thereby corroding the boat. With time, fissures, grooves and cracks form on the surface of the boat which results in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.307146
Retrieved Text: Evapotranspiration plays a significant role in the hydrologic cycle of all basins, yet is only ccasionally measured in the Arctic. One simple index method to evaluate evapotranspiration is the evaporation pan. The energy environment surrounding the simple evaporation pan varies considerably from that of the natural environment. Yet, an evaporation pan is a sound way to determine and estimate the potential evapotranspiration, and actual evapotranspiration can be estimated from evaporation pan data by determining and employing a pan coefficient. An evaporation pan was initially installed in 1986 in the northern foothills of the Brooks Range on the North Slope of Alaska in Imnavait Creek Basin, collecting data for 22 years. The total summer maximum, average, minimum and standard deviation of pan evaporation were 34.9 cm, 29.9 cm, 19.7 cm and 9.3 cm, respectively from 1986 to 2008 (1989 missing). Both, the seasonal water balance and the Priestley-Taylor method for the 2.2 km² Imnavait Creek catchment were used to produce seasonal estimates of actual evapotranspiration. When used in conjunction with the evaporation pan measurements, an average pan coefficient of 0.58 was found in both cases, which was very similar to what was found in an earlier study on Imnavait Creek Basin. The evaporation pan results can also be correlated effectively with other measured variables (such as thawing degree days, air temperature, net radiation, vapor pressure deficit, precipitation, wind speed, and wind direction); this is a method that allows one to predict potential evapotranspiration in areas where it is not measured at broader spatial scales.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.295053
Retrieved Text: Understand when water loss from your pool is too much.
The average residential swimming pool in the United States contains between 18,000 and 20,000 gallons of water. All pools lose water for different reasons, including natural forces or a defect in the pool construction or plumbing system. Water loss can shift the balance of pool chemistry and affect the sanitary quality of pool water. It can cause component damage if the level of pool water drops below the skimmer inlets and air is sucked into the system. Because water loss may be gradual in pools, homeowners may not recognize it until the problem becomes quite advanced. Most residents then have questions about the source of the water loss, its severity and what can be done to reverse the problem.
How Much Water Should a Pool Normally Lose?
All pools lose water naturally due to evaporation. This loss alone is not a sign of any dysfunction. The rate of evaporation varies according to the average relative humidity of the local climate, the daily temperature range, wind conditions, the use of a pool heater and even the amount of activity in the pool that increases splashing and other water turbulence. A residential pool without a pool cover will lose about 1/4 inch of water level per day or about 2 inches per week solely due to evaporation. This can amount to between 10,000 and 20,000 gallons of water loss per year, depending on the size of the pool and the factors that increase or decrease evaporation. Another cause of normal water

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.275217
Retrieved Text: When it comes to renewable energy, solar and wind typically dominate the discussion.
However, a new method, harvesting energy from water evaporation, is in its early stages and many believe has potential to solve a wide array of power problems in the future.
Recently, scientists wrote a model in order to determine whether or not energy from evaporation could prove to be viable moving forward, the full details of which can be seen in the journal Nature Communications.
Ultimately, the researchers determined the energy capable of being produces is comparable to that of solar and wind which is intriguing to say the least.
According to the “evaporation engine” from Ozgur Sahin, the process works by utilizing a material that changes size when there’s a lot of water inside it.
As the material, say spores for example, enlarge, the water evaporates and the spores shrink as it gets hot.
Sahin explains you can then harvest energy from this motion of enlarging and contracting, by connecting the materials to a generator as the evaporation engine sits on the surface of the water.
By connecting the spores to shutters, the amount of electricity that is released can also be controlled or even stored for future use.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.25619
Retrieved Text: Distinguish, differentiate, compare and explain what is the main difference between Boiling and Evaporation for Class 9 in points in tabular form. Comparison and Differences.
Evaporation process occurs when we heat the liquid. For example, as the sun heats water in a puddle, the puddle slowly shrinks. The water seems to disappear, but it actually moves into the air as a gas called water vapor. This is an example of evaporation.
All molecules in a liquid move. Some move faster than others, though. As the molecules at the surface of a liquid absorb heat, they begin to move around more quickly. This gives them the energy to break the bonds that connect them to other water molecules. When the molecules are moving fast enough, they are able to “escape.” They leave the surface of the liquid as gas molecules.
Define what is Boiling and Boiling point?
Evaporation is not the only process that can change a substance from a liquid to a gas. The same change can occur through boiling. As a liquid heats up, its molecules absorb heat and move faster. When the liquid starts to boil, bubbles of vapor form within the liquid and rise to the surface. The temperature that causes this to happen is known as the boiling point of a liquid.
2. Boiling process is quick as compared to evaporation.
3. In the boiling, bubbles are formed whereas in evaporation no bubbles formed.
4. Boiling occurs throughout the liquid. Evaporation takes place only from the exposed surface of the liquid.
5. Boiling occurs at a definite temperature known as

================



======= Instance Index 250 =========
Input Text: Sleet is made of

Which is the correct answer?
- a substance used to keep drinks cold
- snow and manmade materials
- small crystals of salt
- phosphates and other chemicals

Target Text: a substance used to keep drinks cold

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.323029
Retrieved Text: Please visit our facebook for the latest information!
UPDATE 2:30PM FRIDAY - Over the last 24 hours the storm has trended slightly south with the heaviest snows. The sleet/snow aspect of the storm has become very clear for eastern Wisconsin where 2-3" of sleet accumulation is now expected Saturday into Sunday AM, in addition to snow later in the event. I trimmed up snow totals in the south with the main snow band becoming better defined in general, though there is still some uncertainty regarding snow in southern Wisconsin on Sunday. Otherwise everything is on track. Made some tweaks to the forecast below.
SUMMARY - A strong low pressure system is currently developing across the region which will intensify overhead tonight, lasting through Saturday(with breaks potentially), then redevelop to the southeast on Sunday. Heavy snow, sleet, freezing rain, rain, thunderstorms, and gusty winds are expected during this long duration weather system. We believe this storm will have a major impact on Wisconsin.
Scattered precipitation began this morning in the form of rain and t-storms in the south. Rain (mixing with snow north) will become more organized tonight into Saturday morning when the majority of snow will fall across Minnesota and far Western Wisconsin.
Long Duration - Not everything will come at once and there will be lulls in the action, especially during the day Saturday. The storm will evolve throughout the weekend and locations that start with rain are likely to end with snow. By Sunday most of the activity will be centered on the eastern half of the state.
Heavy

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.252398
Retrieved Text: The Isle of Man is a British Crown Dependency located in the middle of the Irish Sea.
On the one and only day that I spent there I was treated to their typical weather, which by my standards is anything but typical.
Snow, wind, sleet, rain and bright sunshine made appearances over the course of three hours during my photography session window. At one point there was sleet and sunshine at the same time. I guess that’s to be expected when you’re surrounded by an angry sea in March.
Thank goodness for this indoor location in Douglas.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.928495
Retrieved Text: Temperatures across the north are currently between 32 and 34 degrees and will fall below freezing by early afternoon. The predominant precipitation type has been rain mixed with sleet and occasional snow over the past hour or so. The continuation of sleet mixing in with rain is expected through much of the morning hours with minor accumulations anticipated. After sleet changes over to snow, a light dusting of snow may also be possible. Any light sleet accumulations will cause hazardous travel conditions. Thus, an advisory has been issued.
* WHAT...Light sleet accumulations. Additional sleet accumulations of less than a tenth of an inch are expected.
* WHEN...Until 1 PM CST this afternoon.
* ADDITIONAL DETAILS...Light sleet accumulations can lead to slick roadways and create a motorist hazard, especially on elevated roads and bridges. Please use caution when driving, as road conditions may become hazardous.
A Winter Weather Advisory means that periods of sleet will cause travel difficulties. Be prepared for slippery roads. Slow down and use caution while driving. The latest road conditions for the state you are calling from can be obtained by calling 5 1 1.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.726765
Retrieved Text: The area could see between 1 to 4 inches of snow, with a mix of ice, sleet and rain.
STAUNTON - Weren't we all in light sweaters and our best fall attire last week? Well, you better pull out the heavier layers, because the forecast is calling for snow.
Temperature are set to drop to the high-20s and the low-30s by Wednesday night into Thursday.
Yes, you read that right. It's not even Thanksgiving and the Shenandoah Valley is set to see some snow this week.
The National Weather Service has issued a winter storm watch as of 3:46 p.m. Tuesday. It was upgraded to a warning Wednesday. The warning is in effect until 1 a.m. Friday.
According to Accuweather, snow and sleet mix will start Wednesday night.
A chance of snow, freezing rain and sleet will occur between 1 a.m. and 4 a.m., then freezing rain and sleet. There is a 80 percent chance of precipitation with new snow and sleet accumulation of around an inch possible, the alert said.
For Thursday, there will be freezing rain and sleet before 1 p.m., then rain and freezing rain, possibly mixed with sleet between 1 p.m. and 4 p.m., then rain, possibly mixed with sleet after 4 p.m., the alert said. There is a 100 percent chance of precipitation with new sleet accumulation of around an inch possible.
The NWS is predicting between 1 to 4 inches of snow. There's also a 1 in 10 chance the area could see between 7 and 12 inches of snow or a 9 in 10 chance we could

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.683737
Retrieved Text: A sudden fusillade of sleet. Just audible over the rattle: a blue jay doing its imitation of a red-tailed hawk.
Mid-morning and the yard is seething with birds—chickadees, sparrows, juncos, nuthatches, titmice—foraging and singing despite the sleet.
Thick fog, and the road gray with sleet that fell in the night. Three red-bellied woodpeckers are whinnying back and forth in the treetops.
It’s still. The birds seem restless. Then the snow starts: mixed with sleet at first, then in big clumps, giving the ground a mottled look.
The whisper of sleet falling on sleet. A snowbird bursts from under my chair where it must’ve been foraging and joins the rest of the flock.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.52392
Retrieved Text: So, there's no school tomorrow. They actually cancelled tonight!
snow and sleet expected across the North with sleet, rain and freezing rain changing to rain Downeast later tonight into Wednesday morning.
Sleet and freezing rain will change to Rain Downeast.
Snow, sleet and freezing rain will continue over central areas changing to freezing rain By Dawn. Snow across the North will change to sleet and freezing rain Wednesday morning but remain all snow across far northwestern Maine. A substantial accumulation of sleet is possible across northern areas late tonight into Wednesday morning.
Winter Storm Warning remains in effect until noon EST Thursday.
Locations: Northern and east central Maine.
Hazard types: Heavy snow and significant sleet and freezing rain.
Snow accumulation: 4 to 8 inches.
Sleet accumulation, 1 to 2 inches.
Ice accumulation, around one half an inch.
Timing: continuing into Thursday morning.
Impacts: High to very high impact. Expect hazardous travel. Snow, sleet and ice will produce slippery conditions. Accumulation of snow and ice along with some wind may cause tree limbs to snap with scattered to numerous power outages possible.
It was all rain here in CT we had over 2" of rain.
All rain here in RI, too. Hope you stayed snugged in today!
How do you feel about this? Are you as happy as the kids?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.49953
Retrieved Text: the creek is still and reflects the bare winter trees.
spreading about on the surface of the creek.
the same way I feel sleet falling and hitting against my skin.
bits of cold fire sear my skin.
on my cheeks – the ice tapdancing against the fallen leaves.
The frogs are silent now.
Yours is interesting too, Toni. I liked all the contrasts. I couldn’t make head or tales of mine, just what came to my nutty mind. I might should change the last verse.
I think we’ve gone for the same kind of sensation, Toni – cold. I like that you’ve chosen the creek to convey the coldness with the echo of the ‘eek sound, even in the ‘bits of ice making circles over circles / on my cheeks’, and the silent frogs are echoes of Basho.
I really like how you took the word ‘sleet’ and matched it with other -ee- and -ea- words. It adds an edge to the description of the cold.
Ahhh, this is a really nice reflection. I’d like to be out in the woods today, in the ice and cold.
I really love the observation of the circles on circles… exactly the look of open water exposed to sleet.
I wonder this to Toni. Your questions and reflections are a beautiful way of showing the feelings of sleet more clearly. I love this!
I live in a part of Oregon that does not experience sleet often ~ I felt plenty of it growing up in the Midwest. I recall the sting, the bite. Now I experience what we call “corn snow”

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.143564
Retrieved Text: A winter storm system packed with moisture is bearing down on New Jersey Monday night and, even though it won't be dumping heavy snow on most areas of the state, it is expected to deliver a nasty -- and potentially dangerous -- mix of snow, sleet, freezing rain and plain rain.
Fears that a thin coating of ice could form on roads and overpasses just in time for the Tuesday morning rush hour have prompted Gov. Phil Murphy to declare a state of emergency and also prompted the National Weather Service to issue a winter storm warning in several counties in northern New Jersey.
The weather service is expecting 4 to 7 inches of snow and sleet to fall in Sussex County and 4 to 6 inches of snow and sleet to blanket five other counties that are under a winter storm warning as of 6 p.m. Monday: Hunterdon, Morris, Somerset, Warren and western Passaic.
Those areas could also get a coating of ice ranging from one-tenth to two-tenths of an inch -- enough to cause slick roads and add heavy weight to tree limbs and power lines.
Every other county in New Jersey, except for Cape May County, are under winter weather advisories because of the anticipated mix of snow, sleet and freezing rain.
AccuWeather is predicting 1 to 3 inches of snow and sleet across a wide swath of New Jersey, and 3 to 6 inches of snow and sleet in far northern areas of the state.
Latest snow forecast from the National Weather Service, for most of New Jersey

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.130344
Retrieved Text: As I understand it, sleet refers to frozen rain but I'm not totally familiar with it. Right now I'm not in Australia but Georgia, the former Soviet republic. And at the moment it's raining but not just rain. There's also some mushy snowflakes falling. I've never seen this before and wonder if we even have a word for it in English. Would it be referred to as sleet after all? It's 2 degrees above zero centigrade now so frozen rain seems unlikely.
Rain and snow mixed (also known as sleet) is precipitation composed of rain and partially melted snow. This precipitation can occur where the temperature in the lower part of the atmosphere is slightly above the freezing point (0 °C or 32 °F). Its METAR code is RASN.
Meteorologists around my geographical area (New England) refer to it as a "wintry mix" most of the time. But it's clear that "sleet" is what is meant here.
From the Wikipedia entry for rain and snow mixed.
It's not sleet — that's tiny ice pellets which generally fall in winter. Hail is also ice pellets, but they are produced by a different meteorological process, and can occur any time of year.
If there's a word for snow and rain at the same time, it's so obscure that the weathermen around here (Boston) don't know it. This often happens when it starts raining, and then becomes cold enough to snow, or vice versa. The weather reports usually call this "rain changing to snow", "snow changing to rain", "a mix of snow and rain",

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.111286
Retrieved Text: Thunder Snow, Lightning, Hail, Sleet, Blizzard Freezing Rain and some strange dust or pollen covering the snow and tinting it brownish.
Today in Saint Cloud, MN all you had to do was wait about a half hour and the weather would change from Blizzard conditions to Thunder Snow and Hail and Sleet to calm and then back to Blizzard conditions.
Footage shows lots of crashes, snow, lightning flashes, hail sleet with a wide variety of footage.
Clip 1 Driving on Interstate 94 in hail and sleet with blowing snow and poor visibility and VO talking about it.
Clip 2 Blizzard Warning on a road sign along Interstate 94.
Clip 5 Driving and talking about the different sky scenes as it is brighter by the blizzard conditions but darker by the thunderstorm.
Clip 6 – 7 Roller accident recovery on Highway 10.
Clip 8 Semi Truck jackknifed and facing the wrong way on the exit ramp.
Clip 9 State Trooper blocking traffic on Interstate 94.
Clip 10 Semi Truck jackknifed and facing the wrong way on Interstate 94.
Clip 11 – 16 Blowing snow in blizzard conditions before the thunder snow.
Clip 17 Hail and sleet from roof camera.
Clip 18 Driving in hail and sleet.
Clip 19 – 22 Snow plows.
Clip 23 – 24 Wind blew over a parking lot street light. Showing aftermath of it smashed on the ground.
Clip 25 – 26 Funky looking snow with a brown tint to it from dust or pollen.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.108654
Retrieved Text: As a snow lover, this winter in Maryland has been quite disappointing, so I take whatever I can get. Today we got a snow/sleet/rain mix that at gave a slight white tint to the grass and put a slushy coating on the roads. Altogether, it definitely made for a great day to relax around the house. With these events, I’m always asking myself what I can learn about God through the weather.
Psalm 147 describes God’s awesome power, and part of the description involves how he hurls down His ice like crumbs. Apparently God was eating a giant loaf of iced bread, and the crumbs that dropped from His table made up our amazing display of sleet and wet snow. When you consider the amount of ice that falls, the power to make this happen is nothing short of amazing–drawing our attention to our Creator in awe. Just think about this for a minute. One inch of water on one acre of land weighs 113.31 tons. (a little over 200,000 pounds). The forecast for today calls for a little over .5 inches of rain/sleet/snow, so on my 4 acre property, God will drop 400,000 pounds of water (2,000 tons). That’s 7.7 million tons of water in my county alone (a relatively small 213 sq. mile county by the Chesapeake Bay). That’s only one of the the probably 20 counties in our area getting rainfall today. God’s “crumbs” of ice weigh over 7.7 million tons…all of which he dribbles down from the sky. Put another way, that’s the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.017092
Retrieved Text: There’s more snow coming Sunday night, according to the National Weather Service.
Winter isn’t done with Fairfield County just yet.
The National Weather Service has announced a Winter Weather Advisory in effect from Sunday, Feb. 12 through Monday, Feb. 13, at midnight.
According to the forecast, there’s a chance of snow and freezing rain after 3 a.m. Sunday.
Between 3 a.m. and noon Sunday, snow and sleet are expect followed by freezing rain.
“New snow and sleet accumulation of one to three inches possible,” the weather service says.
Forecasters are predicting more rain and sleet before midnight, then a chance of snow overnight. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New snow and sleet accumulation of less than one inch possible.
On Monday, Feb. 13, the forecast is partly sunny, with a high near 36. Breezy, with a northwest wind 20 to 25 miles per hour, with gusts as high as 43 mph.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.01104
Retrieved Text: FAKE VS. REAL: Can you tell which forecast is true?
SINK SCENARIO A: "Rain and sleet before 11 am, then rain, snow, and sleet between 11 am and 2 pm, then snow and sleet likely, possibly mixed with freezing rain after 2 pm. High near 36. Northeast wind 13 to 15 mph, with gusts as high as 23 mph. Chance of precipitation is 90%. Little or no ice accumulation expected. New snow and sleet accumulation of less than a half inch possible.
SINK SCENARIO B: "Rain and snow before 2 AM, then changing to rain, sleet and snow between 2 am and 5 am, possibly mixing with freezing rain before 8 am, then rain through 11 am. High 35. Snow, freezing rain and rain likely from 11 am to 4 pm. Wind 8 to 13 mph, with gusts as high as 21 mph. Chance of precipitation is 80%. Little or no snow and sleet accumulation."
OPTION 1: Don't Steal My Sunshine. With tropical road temps of 75-80 F today and a mid March sun angle, light precip amounts and marginal air temps in mid 30s suggest the weather impacts would be as minimal as the applicant list for a job at the White House this year.
Any snow / sleet or freezing rain that would fall in daytime hours would quickly melt away like ice sculptures at an Australian Christmas Party. A 50% chance this comes true, with a varied collection of school districts delaying, others open on time, and everyone else complaining about something.
OPTION 2: Come and Get Your

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.008858
Retrieved Text: Some slippery driving conditions this morning will be compounded by a chance of sleet this afternoon then into the weekend with more snow.
According to Shawn Cable of the KSFY TV Severe Weather Center early morning snow and freezing rain made for slick roads today. Icy roads will be an issue for much of the day along and east of the James River Valley.
In Sioux Falls, a Winter Weather Advisory is in effect from noon until 6:00 PM today. Light snow will continue off and on throughout the day with light freezing drizzle and sleet mix in at times. Accumulation will be light - less than an inch - but it will definitely be enough to make roads and sidewalks slippery throughout the day and into this evening.
This afternoon along the Interstate-29 corridor travelers can expect a mix of precipitation. The back side will see light drizzle and that system will push eastward through the day making the end of the workday commute slick.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.854145
Retrieved Text: As a strong Nor'easter arrives in the area, the most updated forecast from the National Weather Service calls for a mix of snow and sleet with rain Monday night in most spots, with the wintry mix likely to continue for a longer period in Putnam and Dutchess.
A Winter Weather Advisory is in effect in Putnam until 7 a.m. Tuesday and in Dutchess until 1 p.m. Tuesday.
A High Wind Warning is in effect until 6 a.m. Tuesday in Southern Westchester. A Wind Advisory is in effect until 1 a.m. Tuesday in Northern Westchester and Rockland and a Flood Watch for Rockland and all of Westchester until 6 a.m. Tuesday.
Rain arrived around 4 p.m. Monday on a day marked by gusty winds. Some parts of the area, especially near the coast, could see up to 3 inches of rainfall.
The winds, which could gust as high as between 50 and 60 miles per hour during the evening in Westchester and Rockland, could lead to power outages, with the rain becoming heavy at times and mixing with snow and sleet before midnight.
Rain and sleet overnight will become all rain after 3 a.m. in Westchester and Rockland.
Putnam and Dutchess are all likely to see sleet continue through the early morning hours Tuesday. Putnam could see 1 to 3 inches of sleet accumulation. Dutchess could see 1-3 inches of snow, sleet accumulation.
Rain will taper off in the early afternoon Tuesday on a day in which the high temperature will reach the low 40s but strong winds will persist, making it feel more

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.851358
Retrieved Text: The National Weather Service has cancelled its blizzard warning for New York City as snow and sleet continues to fall across the Tri-State area, CBS NEW YORK reports.
A winter weather advisory is now in effect for the city, Hudson and northern Nassau counties until 8 p.m. The new forecast calls for between 4 to 8 inches in New York City. The storm was expected to dump a foot or more of snow on the New York City area with wind gusts of up to 55 mph.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said at a news conference today that the storm ended up shifting west, meaning there is less snowfall in the city and Long Island and more in the Hudson Valley and the western part of the state. The heaviest snowfall is still expected through the afternoon, with snowfall rates as high as 2 to 4 inches per hour. The snow will change to sleet, then rain by midday. It will change back to all snow before ending in the evening. Read more at CBS NEW YORK.
See, I told you that DeBlasio was lying. He only created this crises so you dummies should be distracted from his ongoing corruption case.
There has to be a certain amount of accountability anyone knows whenever it is me tioned that sleet or rain might enter the picture the whole thing is a bust every single time!
Why is there no accountability?!
Because as you state, the media plays on the gullible people’s fears. Fear and “crises” is what sells. Never let a crises go to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.80031
Retrieved Text: File photo by Laurie Asseo.
An early arrival of winter forced the cancellation of Thursday’s nine-race program at Laurel Park.
Horses were at the gate for the first race when the decision was made to cancel racing due to deteriorating weather conditions from Winter Storm Avery.
Early morning snow turned to sleet and freezing rain by afternoon with temperatures in the mid-30s and a wind chill in the mid-20s. The forecast called for a 100 percent chance of rain into Friday.
“The weather turned worse as the day went on with the sleet and ice, and with the safety of our horses and horsemen in mind, we felt it was in everyone’s best interests to cancel,” Maryland Jockey Club President and General Manager Sal Sinatra said.
All wagers from races 1 through 9 were refunded. Laurel will remain open for simulcasting including its planned seven-race LARC simulcast from Monterrico, Peru which has a scheduled post time of 5 p.m.
Live racing is scheduled to return to Laurel with a nine-race program Friday, Nov. 16 beginning at 12:30 p.m.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.76124
Retrieved Text: It's going to be cold, really cold this weekend. The area will see a mix of snow, freezing rain and sleet.
STAUNTON - It's going to be cold, really cold this weekend. The area will see a mix of snow, freezing rain and sleet.
According to the National Weather Service, there is an enhanced threat for a winter storm for most areas Saturday and Saturday night. The wintery precipitation may continue into Sunday.
A winter weather advisory is in effect from Saturday at 7 a.m. to 9 p.m., according to the NWS. Snow, sleet and freezing rain expected with total snow and sleet accumulations of up to one inch and ice accumulations of up to two tenths of an inch expected, the advisory said.
Our area is expected to see more freezing rain and rain than snow, according to NWS meteorologist Kyle Pallozzi.
Precipitation will be moving in Saturday afternoon and into Saturday night and possibly Sunday morning, Pallozzi said.
"In terms of precipitation type it definitely could start as a mix or snow, but expect it to go over to rain Saturday evening or Saturday night, he said. "The vast majority of it will fall as rain."
Saturday is expected to see snow, freezing rain and sleet before 1 p.m., then freezing rain and sleet between 1 p.m. and 4 p.m., then rain or freezing rain after 4 p.m.. Chance of precipitation is 100 percent, according to the NWS.
Saturday night there should be a mix of freezing rain and rain through the night. On Sunday, rain is likely, mixing with snow after

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.748718
Retrieved Text: Aetomilitsa will have a temperature between 3.2°C and 5.6°C. Aetomilitsa will be extremely calm, with only a slight breeze as its wind speed will be 2 Beaufort, east.
We should primarily see sleet, with the only exceptions being partially clear skies and sleet in the early morning and in the morning, respectively.
You will encounter sleet, which makes driving harder and more dangerous, so be careful and try not to drive very fast. Alternatively, you can enjoy staying inside and playing board games. The sleet will be activity on most part of the day. The temperature at the end of the day will be 4.5 degrees.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.74268
Retrieved Text: He felt as if he had trawled the City and now he found himself faced with the most insignificant little backstreet shop yet. ‘Dawson’s’, the dilapidated sign above the shop front read. He crossed to the window and looked within. A tiny chocolate Labrador puppy peered back at him, its eyes sparkling with excitement. Its fellows, presumably from the same litter, appeared to be snoozing fitfully, all rolled into a large cream and brown mass that gave an occasional quiver in its collective slumber.
Sleet turned to the door and pushed it open, causing an old fashioned bell to tinkle as he did so. As he stepped across the threshold he was assailed by an unmistakable animal smell which took him back about twenty years. Thoughts of his childhood pets sprang instantly to mind. The small pup stood up on its hind legs to greet him with a series of comical yelps which served only to alert the rest of the brood, the multi-coloured conglomeration pushing itself apart, eyes like little beads fastening upon his presence. They began to yap together and Sleet moved further into the shop in an attempt to reduce their agitation.
The owner of the shop, a small pot bellied and bespectacled gent, surely past retirement age, pushed through a beaded curtain that hung across the doorway at the rear of the shop. He looked his customer up and down before nodding a greeting, “can I help you, sir?” he enquired.
“Zotic!” the bird attempted to repeat.
The shopkeeper appeared indignant, “never said that, did I!”

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.697023
Retrieved Text: Recently, there have been a ton of penguins with beta hats waddling around the server Sleet. While Sleet is a very popular server for rare penguins, most of the betas you've been seeing on Sleet are fake. Yes, fake. They've used an item adder to get their hat, which is cheating. Below I've provided a list of these fake betas. Please note that this list is incomplete, and I'll be adding more fake betas as I find them. * = I'm 100% sure they're fake.
You are now exploring Secret File #959: G@M3$. Enjoy.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.661898
Retrieved Text: A cold start to the day with the chance of sleet and snow later on.
This morning will be a cold, bright and frosty start.
Temperatures today will range from 3 °C to freezing.
The Met Office has said there will be "isolated outbreaks of rain, sleet, and snow overnight".
On Saturday it will remain cold with outbreaks of rain and sleet remain possible, but most places dry.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.653374
Retrieved Text: A STATUS YELLOW snow-ice warning has been issued for this afternoon, with heavy rain set to turn to sleet and snow later today.
Met Éireann issued the warning this morning for Munster, Leinster, Cavan, Monaghan, Galway and Roscommon. It will come into effect at 2pm this afternoon and remain in place until 8am tomorrow.
A separate Status Yellow rainfall warning is also in place for Munster and Leinster and will last until 6pm today.
Heavy rainfall will give accumulations of 25 to 30mm.
“Heavy rain will turn to sleet and snow today,” Met Éireann said.
“Much of the snow will be above 300 metres with just a local dusting of snow at lower levels.
Wet and slushy roads are likely to become icy in places overnight as temperatures drop below freezing.
Rain in southern counties is set to spread northwards to most areas by this afternoon, turning heavy in some areas with a risk of spot flooding.
The rain will turn to sleet and snow in places as the day goes on, with temperatures dropping to between 1 and 5 degrees.
A lot of the rain should clear by tonight, with temperatures dropping to -1 to 2 degrees. Frost and icy stretches are expected in places.
Tomorrow will be a cold, bright day with a mixture of sunshine and scattered showers.
The week ahead is due to be unsettled, with showers and bright spells.
Email “Heavy rain, sleet and snow forecast today, with temperatures dropping to freezing tonight”.
Feedback on “Heavy rain, sleet and snow forecast today, with temperatures dropping to freezing tonight”.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.571276
Retrieved Text: The National Weather Service forecasts mostly sunny skies today, warmer, with a high near 28. Overnight, there's a chance of snow showers after 4am. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 27. Chance of precipitation is 30%.
Sunday: Patchy drizzle. Cloudy, with a high near 42. Southwest wind 11 to 16 mph, with gusts as high as 26 mph.
Sunday Night: A chance of light rain before 7pm, then areas of drizzle with a chance of light rain after 7pm. Cloudy, with a low around 38. Southwest wind around 15 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Monday: Showers likely, mainly after 5pm. Partly sunny, with a high near 49. South wind 11 to 14 mph, with gusts as high as 25 mph. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Monday Night: Showers, mainly before 11pm. Low around 32. Breezy, with a south wind 17 to 22 mph, with gusts as high as 39 mph. Chance of precipitation is 80%. New precipitation amounts between a tenth and quarter of an inch possible.
Tuesday: A chance of rain and snow showers before 8am, then a slight chance of snow showers between 8am and 11am. Partly sunny, with a high near 35. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Tuesday Night: Mostly cloudy, with a low around 19.
Wednesday: A chance of snow. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 31. Chance of precipitation is 40%.
Wednesday

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.563358
Retrieved Text: Nespresso USA file a declaratory judgment complaint against Ethical Coffee Company requesting judgment that Nespresso does not infringement ECC’s patent. Nespresso USA, Inc. v. Ethical Coffee Company SA, No. 16-194-GMS (D. Del. July 13, 2017). In response, ECC filed a counterclaim against Nespresso, as well as three additional defendants which are Switzerland corporations. The Swiss Defendants moved to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction. Judge Sleet granted the motion. In doing so, Judge Sleet found that general jurisdiction was not present because “there [were] no ties between the companies and Delaware that render them essentially at home in this state[.]” Id. at 5. Regarding specific jurisdiction, Judge Sleet found that the Swiss Defendants were not subject to personal jurisdiction under the stream of commerce theory because they did not “did not introduce the Nespresso machines into the stream of commerce,” therefore ECC could not demonstrate that they “placed–or otherwise influenced the placement of–the Nespresso machines into either the United States market generally or the Delaware market specifically.” Id. at 6-7. Nor could the Swiss Defendants be held responsible for the actions of their subsidiary, Nespresso, because the mere ownership of a subsidiary or a patent, without more, does not justify the assertion of personal jurisdiction on the parent/foreign patentee. Id.at 7. Judge Sleet also found a lack of evidence to support personal jurisdiction under an agency theory. Id.at 8-9. Because of the “bare assertions” in this case, Judge Sleet denied ECC’s request for jurisdictional discovery. Id. at 14.
Judge Gregory M. Sleet recently considered defendants’ motion to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.54193
Retrieved Text: A winter storm is bearing down on New Jersey Monday evening and promises to deliver a mixed bag of wintry precipitation to much of New Jersey over the next day and night. Tuesday travel will be difficult and dangerous in some parts of the state, depending on how long sub-freezing temperatures remain in place. Up to a half a foot of snow and sleet accumulation is expected.
As of Monday evening, a powerful area of high pressure anchored in southeastern Canada has reinforced cold air in the lowest levels of the atmosphere, including the surface. It also has pushed back the leading edge of precipitation into extreme southern New Jersey, where it has been lightly snowing and raining all day. Gradually Monday evening, as a surface low moves from the Ohio Valley into the eastern Great Lakes, warmer air will push precipitation north across the state. By daybreak, almost everyone should be seeing snow and sleet, except perhaps extreme northern New Jersey. Eventually, that warm air surge will also change precipitation type to rain — freezing or plain rain depending on surface temperature.
Of course, for New Jersey and the rest of the mid-Atlantic, the devil is always in the detail of how quickly this transition from frozen precipitation to rain occurs. This setup suggests its a prolonged bout of frozen precipitation, but I think it’s sleet that dominates the day for central and northern New Jersey. The cold surface high will do its dirty work in locking cold air in place, barely moving from its position in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.477736
Retrieved Text: Posted April 14, 2018 .
Sleet, possibly mixed with freezing rain before 5pm, then sleet, possibly mixed with snow and freezing rain. High near 32. Windy, with an east wind 24 to 26 mph, with gusts as high as 46 mph. Chance of precipitation is 80%. Total daytime ice accumulation of 0.1 to 0.2 of an inch possible. Total daytime snow and sleet accumulation of less than a half inch possible.
Awful weather on top of heavy rains yesterday. Creeks are blown out, not a weekend to come fish.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.457672
Retrieved Text: Colosseum Arkansas Razorbacks Charcoal Sleet Embossed Full Zip Hoodie $59.99 Get geared up for the dropping temperatures with this Arkansas Razorbacks Sleet Embossed hoodie by Colosseum. This hoodie features a lightweight design that is great for layering. Welcome the change of seasons with your Arkansas Razorbacks style intact with this ultra comfortable hoodie.
We did not find results for Embossed.
For Arkansas Razorbacks Men NCAA Shorts from the. Arkansas Razorbacks Colosseum Big Tall Sleet Embossed.
Wearing Arkansas Razorbacks Apparel is the ultimate way to unite with fellow fans alumni and students. Show your college colors while embracing the camaraderie of game day in Arkansas Gear and Arkansas Merchandise featuring authentic T shirts sweatshirts and hats Colosseum Kansas State Wildcats Newborn Infant Purple Big Logo Pullover Hoodie. Mens Colosseum Cardinal Arkansas Razorbacks Big Tall Sleet Embossed. Colosseum Arkansas Razorbacks Charcoal Big Tall Sleeper T Shirt. Arkansas Razorbacks Colosseum Anchor Full Zip Jacket Charcoal. Promotional Results For You.
Mens Colosseum Charcoal Arkansas Razorbacks Anchor Full Zip Jacket.
Arkansas Razorbacks Colosseum Wedge Short Sleeve Polo Shirt.
Maybe you would like to learn more about one of these? Concepts Sport Arkansas Razorbacks Charcoal Pinpoint French Shorts.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.43036
Retrieved Text: Are you looking the best price for Columbia Women's Sleet To Street Interchange Jacket, Black, Large and you want to get great deals & best buy this product? Or you want to find some reviews from people who have used this product before you buy it?
You are at the right place. I'll give you some tips before you decide to buy Columbia Women's Sleet To Street Interchange Jacket, Black, Large. So you are not disappointed after buying it and in accordance with the product you need.
You can also find price comparisons from sellers, so you really get the best price currently for the Columbia Women's Sleet To Street Interchange Jacket, Black, Large.
If you are interested in buying Columbia Women's Sleet To Street Interchange Jacket, Black, Largeyou may try to find full description and product details.
Interest to Buy This Product? Check our store for more information and get special offers for Columbia Women's Sleet To Street Interchange Jacket, Black, Large.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.411335
Retrieved Text: 9:30 p.m. update: Another line of showers is moving through the Austin metro area with a mix of rain, sleet and freezing rain, the National Weather Service said.
This will cause some bridges to ice over and could lead to dangerous driving conditions overnight.
A winter weather advisory is in effect until 7 a.m. Saturday.
2:00 p.m. update: Ongoing sleet showers across Central Texas on Friday have prompted the National Weather Service to issue a winter weather advisory for Travis and Williamson counties and parts of the Hill Country until 6 p.m.
The weather service says sleet is expected to accumulate primarily on grassy surfaces but some slushy conditions on roads could make it dangerous to drive. People should be wary of slick roads on their evening commutes, the service said.
The cities of Austin, Georgetown, Llano, Burnet and Fredericksburg are included in the advisory area.
Earlier: Light rain falling as sleet or graupel — we'll explain that later — continues to plague the morning commute across the Austin metro area.
With surface temperatures near or slightly below freezing, drivers should be careful to watch for "isolated slick spots on area bridges and overpasses under any heavier bursts of precipitation, the National Weather Service warned in a bulletin Friday morning.
"Temperatures are expected to warm above freezing by the late morning hours," forecasters said.
The weather service received reports of sleet from across Central Texas Friday morning, from Austin-Bergstrom International Airport as early as 6:20 a.m., as well as from West Lake Hills in western Travis County, Thrall in eastern Williamson County and near Anderson

================



======= Instance Index 441 =========
Input Text: Volume can indicate

Which is the correct answer?
- how an object reacts to heat
- whether an object is expansive
- how an object smells
- the state of matter of an object

Target Text: whether an object is expansive

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.382225
Retrieved Text: The Grow EBS Volume action is used to automatically grow an EBS volume. Since resizing of EBS volumes is not possible, the growing proces involves replacing the original volume with a larger copy. The original volume is detached from the EC2 instance and the new (larger) volume is attached to the EC2 instance.
Volumes can be grown by specifying a volume id directly ("by volume"), or volumes can be grown by specifying an instance id and device ("by instance").
If you choose to grow a volume "by volume id", the action should not be set to repeat. The first time the action executes, the volume will appear to "grow". However, on subsequent executions, the original volume will simply be copied, or the action may fail completely if the original volume was deleted.
Indicates whether the volume to grow is specified by it's volume id, or by an instance and device combination.
Valid only if "Volume Identification Method" is set to "By Instance".
Indicate the instance id of the EC2 instance on which the volume is attached. This value usually looks like "i-84a3dc7b". This instance must reside in the region specified.
Indicates the device name of the volume. This value usually looks like "/dev/sda1".
Valid only if "Volume Identification Method" is set to "By Volume".
Indicate the volume id of your EBS volume to grow. This value usually looks like "vol-84a3dc7b". This volume must reside in the region specified.
Indicates how the volume should be grown.
Add Fixed - Add a fixed amount. The Size field is the number of GB to add.
Add Percent - Add a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.486214
Retrieved Text: To take a screenshot on your LG Nexus 5, simply press and hold both the Power button and the Volume Down button simultaneously. Your screen will flash and you will hear a shutter sound to indicate the screenshot has been taken. Your new screenshot can be found in the Gallery application under the Screenshots folder. ..
To take a screenshot on your ZTE Zmax, simply press and hold both the Power button and the Volume Down button simultaneously. Your screen will flash and you will hear a shutter sound to indicate the screenshot has been taken. Your new screenshot can be found in the Gallery application. This method refers to the ..
To take a screenshot on your Amazon Kindle Fire, simply press and hold both the Power button and the Volume Down button simultaneously. Your screen will flash and you will hear a shutter sound to indicate the screenshot has been taken. Your new screenshot can be found in Internal Storage | Pictures | Screenshots. This ..
To take a screenshot on your Vivo X5, simply press and hold both the Power button and the Volume Down button simultaneously. Your screen will flash and you will hear a shutter sound to indicate the screenshot has been taken. Your new screenshot can be found in the Gallery app. Learn more about your Vivo ..

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.290712
Retrieved Text: This is a potentially very serious alarm that may indicate data loss. Some of the data on the volume cannot be located. This alarm indicates that enough nodes have failed to bring the replication factor of part or all of the volume to zero. For example, if the volume is stored on a single node and has a replication factor of one, the Data Unavailable alarm will be raised if that volume fails or is taken out of service unexpectedly. If a volume is replicated properly (and therefore is stored on multiple nodes) then the Data Unavailable alarm can indicate that a significant number of nodes is down.
Investigate any nodes that have failed or are out of service.
You can see which nodes have failed by looking at the Node Health pane in the Overview page in MCS.
Check the cluster(s) for any snapshots or mirrors that can be used to re-create the volume.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.878527
Retrieved Text: To take a screenshot on the Samsung Galaxy S7, simultaneously press both the power button (found on the top right) and the home button (found on the bottom center of your device). A shutter sound as a quick flash on the screen will let you know the screenshot has been successfully taken. Screenshots are by ..
To take a screenshot on the Samsung Galaxy S5, simultaneously press both the power button (found on the top right) and the home button (found on the bottom center of your device). A shutter sound as a quick flash on the screen will let you know the screenshot has been successfully taken. Screenshots are by ..
To take a screenshot on the LG G4, Press and hold the Power Button and Volume Down Button simultaneously to create a screenshot. The screenshots are saved in the Gallery app under the Screenshots album. This method refers to the following models: H815, H815TR, H815T, H815P, H812, H810, H811, LS991,VS986, US991 Learn more about ..
To take a screenshot on your Sony Xperia Z3, simply press and hold both the Power button and the Volume Down button simultaneously. Your screen will flash and you will hear a shutter sound to indicate the screenshot has been taken. Your new screenshot can be found in the Album application. This method refers to ..
To take a screenshot on your Motorola Moto G, simply press and hold both the Power button and the Volume Down button simultaneously for two seconds. You will see a preview of the screenshot taken as well

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.866035
Retrieved Text: Synthetic runoff testing (level 3) can be used to measure the filtration rate of filtration practices if the available water supply can provide a sufficient water volume and discharge: fire hydrants can typically produce between 2 and 4 cfs for up to approximately 30 minutes and a water truck can produce up to approximately 1 cfs (0.028 m3/s). Most commercial water trucks hold approximately 500 ft3 (14,160 liters) of water, but a large water truck can hold up to 1000 ft3 (28,320 liters), allowing the maximum discharge for approximately 20 minutes.
Given accurate contours, drafting software such as AutoCAD can be used to calculate the volume of a stormwater filter, or the volume can be approximated as shown in example 8.2. If the practice is initially empty, the volume of water required is the volume of the stormwater filter plus the estimated volume of water that will pass through the filter while the practice is being filled. Also, the water supply must provide a discharge that can fill the practice in an acceptable amount of time (i.e. 1 hour). The process of determining if a water supply is adequate is demonstrated in example 8.3.
Synthetic runoff tests can be used to detect the presence of macropores within a filtration practice. Sand filtration design recommends a saturated hydraulic conductivity (k) of 3.5 ft/day (1.07 m/day) (Claytor and Schueler 1996, Minnesota Stormwater Manual). If the results from the synthetic runoff tests indicate that the hydraulic conductivity for the filtration practice is larger than 280 ft/day (85.34 m/day), macropores may be

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.17288
Retrieved Text: I don’t think the rainbow colors properly indicate volume increase/decrease, though. Might want to modify it a bit.
Rainbow Volume Knob is a free UI design resource made by Dribbble user Zan. As far as I can tell, its license is Unknown.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.893784
Retrieved Text: Our joint survey on contracting-out production, R&D and other functions finds a lot of mixed feelings.
Outsourcing provides options for food and beverage manufacturers to grow their businesses, fill niche product lines and execute many functions more efficiently — from production to product development R&D to maintenance. Yet, new survey findings indicate outsourcing is not favored by all; and for many, it has left a bad taste on their company palates.
A diverse group of food and beverage manufacturers responded to this survey. More than one-third of survey participants (36 percent) report annual revenues greater than $500 million, and another 17 percent report revenues of $100 million to $500 million. Approximately 44 percent of companies produce processed foods, followed by miscellaneous/other (34 percent), bakery products (29 percent), snacks (29 percent) and meat, poultry and seafood (29 percent).
Food Processing and Grant Thornton LLP, the audit, tax and business advisory firm, collaborated on this survey, taken in August and September of 2008. Some analysis was provided by consultants MPI Group. There were 115 respondents of all sizes and from all segments of the food industry (see methodology for details).
We hope if offers insights to help you evaluate your own outsourcing prospects and challenges.
As measured by sales volume, nearly one-third of food and beverage manufacturers (32 percent) indicate that none of their production is outsourced. Another 54 percent report that one-quarter or less of their sales volume is outsourced. Just 11 percent have outsourced a majority of their production and 6 percent outsource all production.
Other top reasons for outsourcing production were

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.443008
Retrieved Text: Support and Resistance levels formed by the wicks at either end. These form the boundaries of how far the bulls and the bears could push price in the session just finished.
Volatility and/or Volume. This can be seen by the extent of the candle body. If the body is relatively long, it may indicate increasing interest, volatility and possible volume. If the real body is relatively short, it often indicates a lacklustre market in which neither the bulls nor the bears have gained the upper hand, and it may further indicate little volume of orders. Of course, it may also indicate a session in which price was very tightly contested, with a near match of buyers and sellers. But generally speaking, lots of interest in a currency will see an extended candle body.
The open and close tell us where the bulk of the trading likely occurred. They also represent consensus views with regards to price. Where price opened tells us how the market valued the currency at the beginning of the session; where price closed tells us what the market valued the currency at when trading ceased for that particular session. Of themselves these values may represent little. However, used in conjunction with the levels of other candlesticks, as well as indications such as pivots, Fibonacci etc, this can be potent information.
The difference between Forex candlesticks and candlesticks in other markets, e.g. Stock Markets. Click the following link to discover why Forex Candlesticks are different and how important it is when trading forex.
Use the candlestick body or

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.426988
Retrieved Text: The WonStart earbuds are true wireless in every sense of the word because the earbuds don’t have any wires connecting them which means they're more discreet. Also, because of no wires getting in the way, there is less chance of therm getting yanked out of your ears!
If you’re wondering whether the Wonstart Bluetooth 4.2 earbuds slip out of the ears, they don't fall out even when bouncing up and down which is perfect if you plan to wear them while exercising.
The Wonstart earbuds stay snugly in the ears thanks to the angled design of the earbud nozzle and winged silicone covers which provide a secure and proper seal inside the ear canal. They are also IPX4 rated so they're water resistant.
Both earbuds feature an LED light indicator as well as user controls. The Left earbud features the power button and the skip track button for skipping to the next or previous song. A single press skips to the next song while a double press skips to the last song.
The Right earbud also features a power button and volume button for increasing or lowering the volume. Single press the volume button to volume up and two button presses to volume down.
Maximum volume does not go up crazily loud, but it is loud enough. The sound quality is nicely even across the spectrum thanks to a flat frequency response that goes as high as 20Hz and as low as 20kHz.
The power button on the left earbud also doubles as the play/pause button in audio mode and answer call

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.183893
Retrieved Text: Arabic numerals preceding a colon indicate the volume number. Arabic numerals following the colon indicate code sections and rules. If no prefix is given following the colon, the Arabic numerals indicate sections of the Revenue and Taxation Code. Roman numerals following the colon indicate articles of the California Constitution.
1:202 — Volume 1, Rev. & Tax Code, Section 202.
1:Rule 911 — Volume 1, Property Tax Rule 911.
2:Gov. 31452 — Volume 2, Gov't Code, Section 31452.
1:XIII-26 — Volume 1, Article XIII of the Calif. Const., Section 26.
AGRICULTURAL PRESERVES. See OPEN-SPACE LANDS.
fruit and nut trees. See TREES.
preserves, agricultural. See OPEN-SPACE LANDS.
base year values. See VALUATIONS.
disabled veterans' exemptions. See VETERANS.
equalization, state board of. See EQUALIZATION, STATE BOARD OF.
escape assessments. See ESCAPE ASSESSMENTS.
railroad cars, private. See PRIVATE RAILROAD CAR TAX.
property tax revenue allocations. See PROPERTY TAX REVENUE ALLOCATIONS.
CITIES. See also LOCAL GOVERNMENTS.
COLLEGES, UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. See UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
CONSERVATION EASEMENTS. See OPEN-SPACE LANDS.
COUNTIES. See also LOCAL GOVERNMENTS.
board of equalization. See EQUALIZATION, COUNTY BOARDS OF.
supervisors, boards of: See SUPERVISORS, BOARDS OF.
COUNTY ASSESSOR. See ASSESSORS, COUNTY.
COUNTY AUDITOR. See AUDITORS, COUNTY.
COUNTY RECORDERS. See RECORDERS, COUNTY.
tax-deeded or tax-defaulted property. See TAX-DEFAULTED PROPERTY.
property tax postponement. See POSTPONEMENT OF PROPERTY TAXES.
See ASSESSMENT APPEALS BOARDS, COUNTY.
EQUALIZATION, COUNTY BOARDS OF. See ASSESSMENT APPEALS BOARDS, COUNTY.
private railroad car tax. See PRIVATE RAILROAD CAR TAX.
timber and timberlands. See TIMBER AND TIMBERLANDS.
IMPLEMENTS OF HUSBANDRY. See AGRICULTURE.
private railroad car tax—See PRIVATE RAILROAD CAR TAX.
timber yield tax. See TIMBER YIELD TAX.
conservation act of 1965. See OPEN-SPACE LANDS.
legal description. See LEGAL DISCRIPTION OF LAND.
postponed property taxes. See POSTPONEMENT OF PROPERTY TAX POSTPONEMENT.
NUTS. See FRUITS, NUTS

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.156509
Retrieved Text: The Fiio A1 portable headphone amplifier with volume control, hi-fidelity output, and four EQ modes provides maximum flexibility. It can be used for smartphones, computers, tablets, iPods, and MP3 players to increase volume and deliver a more satisfying experience when listening to audio. Featuring a sandblasted aluminum-alloy chassis, the portable amp uses a rechargeable lithium-ion polymer battery for power and weighs only 0.7 ounces. The four different EQ modes are switchable by briefly pressing the power button. A blue LED flashes to indicate each mode as it is selected.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.129553
Retrieved Text: android / platform / frameworks / base / 0d7e048^! / .
Fixed problems in audio effect volume control.
must be also active in STOPPING and STOPPED states.
// then indicate volume to all other effects in chain.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.113089
Retrieved Text: The Buzzer module plays a 4kHz tone. The volume of the buzzer circuit can be adjusted by changing the the amount of power running through it. The plus and minus signs indicate the direction in which the buzzer circuit module operates.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.064992
Retrieved Text: Our Ask.com Keyword Tool finds you the exact keywords that your customers are typing into Ask.com. You can generate thousands of keywords in just a few seconds, along with the search volume and cost per click data.
The Ask.com Keyword Tool will find thousands of the long tail keywords based on Ask.com searches. These long tail keywords are an invaluable source of ideas for content generation. They also help you speak the user's language in your content.
Using the Ask.com Keyword Tool's "Buyer Intent" tab lets you filter only those Ask.com keywords that indicate a user's interest in purchasing a product. This makes it easy for you to prioritize those keywords that can bring in more revenue.
Keyword Keg gets data from 11 Top APIs, in addition to Ask. This ensures that you get the maximum number of suggested keywords possible.
Ask does not release its search volume. All the tools that claim to have Ask's search volume are using Google's search volume and applying some algorithms to them. At Keyword Keg, we simply show you Google's raw search volume and let you decide how to compare between keywords.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.97699
Retrieved Text: What are the requirements for CA Spool to support EAV?
An Extended Address Volume (EAV) is a volume with more than 65520 cylinders.
The Extended Addressing Space (EAS) is the area on an EAV located beyond the first 65,535 cylinders.
The EATTR parameter can be used when you allocate a new data set on an EAV to indicate that the data set can reside in the Extended Addressing Space on anEAV.
With CA Spool r11.7 the checkpoint and spool datasets support EAS and may be allocated on extended address volumes (EAV).
The Checkpoint and SPOOLDS files can be allocated on a 3390-A device with EATTR=OPT and DSNTYPE=LARGE.
Also BUFSIZE=27998 is recommended in the ESFPARM.
With the CA Spool C Transformers, the A2PCFCOR file must be allocated with EATTR=NO if it resides on a EAV volume.
The STDENV file with the Java FSS must be customized to have the JAVA_HOME variable point to Java Edition V7 Release 0 or higher.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.942474
Retrieved Text: The Items resource may be accessed with a GET method – to retrieve filters of a specific BIB record’s items list.
This service provides the year, volume, and sublibrary of an item connected to a specific BIB record.
filters: May be used to indicate the year, volume, and sublibrary of items connected to a specific BIB record.
The returned XML includes the record filters: Volume, Year and Sublibrary.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.906833
Retrieved Text: the 2000 Revised Statutes of Alberta.
2. The type of statute volume. Two possibilities: the volume is part of a set of Revised Statutes - indicated by R.S.; the volume is an annual (also called sessional) volume that follows the most recent set of Revised Statutes - indicated by S.
4. The year or session. If using a print version, the spine of the volume and the title page will indicate the year/session. If using an online version, year/session will be part of full citation of act at beginning of online version. There is often more then one volume per session, especially if the session resulted in a lot of new legislation and/or lengthy new acts.
Example: S.N.S. 1973, c.1 and S.N.S. 1973 (2d Sess.), c.1 refers to two different statutes.
5. The chapter number. Each act passed in a particular session of parliament/legislature is assigned a unique chapter number that serves as its identifier for all finding and citation purposes. This can be a simple number, e.g. c 8, or a more complicated alphanumeric designation, e.g.
c L-16.2, c A.1, etc.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.900509
Retrieved Text: The watch offers visual, auditory, and haptic feedback. Whatever type of feedback is being used, it should clearly communicate the result of a user’s input. You can combine more than one type of feedback when you need to emphasize user input.
Haptic responses deliver feedback to users using vibration so they do not have to look at the screen. You can vary the duration and number of vibrations to communicate different meanings.
Users often find extended vibrations annoying. In addition, long vibrations drain battery power.
Haptic vibration can be created with different intensities. Because the watch is worn on the wrist, several factors can affect range of detectable vibration, including whether users are moving, whether they are wearing the watch, or how much they are focusing on the device. Haptic feedback should be provided selectively to avoid annoying users with unnecessarily frequent feedback.
Because users generally type to perform a task, they need quick feedback on whether or not they are typing correctly. Consider ways to minimize latency to ensure instantaneous feedback on typing. Haptic feedback should be as brief as possible, within the range that users can notice the vibration (for example, below 30ms).
Visual responses inform users of a current state. Provide visual feedback to inform users that they have reached the end of a scrollable page or that a button or icon has been pressed. Refer to Visual design for more details.
Overscrolling effects indicate that the user has reached the end of a scrollable list or page. It appears as a straight line, at the edge of both

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.892114
Retrieved Text: 1. Super mini size, the smallest volume and the lightest weight,beyond imagination stability and operability.
5. Four highlight colorful LED lights,indicate direction in the night, also can increase the visual perception of flight.
7. The quadcopter can fly both indoor and outdoor.
Send your inquiry to our good quality 2.4G 4CH Nano Micro Quad Copter products.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.807413
Retrieved Text: The supine posture has been shown to limit exercise-induced plasma volume expansion. Differences in hydrostatic pressure gradients between the standing and seated position indicate that treadmill exercise might promote a greater plasma volume expansion than cycle ergometer exercise. To test this hypothesis ten subjects performed intermittent high intensity exercise (4 min at 85% VO2max, 5 min at 40% VO2max repeated 8 times) on separate days on the treadmill and cycle ergometer. Changes in plasma volume expansion were calculated from changes in hematocrit and hemoglobin. Stroke volume (SV), trans-thoracic impedance (Z0), HR, and arterial blood pressure (non-invasive arm cuff, SBP & DBP) were assessed in the seated position before and postexercise. Zo increased (p<0.05) as subjects started exercise (both treadmill and cycling), indicating a reduction in central blood volume (CBV), which returned to baseline towards the end of exercise. Postexercise Zo returned to control levels within 30 min regardless of the previous exercise mode. A significant post-exercise hypotension was observed following cycle ergometer exercise (p<0.05) but not following treadmill exercise. Plasma volume increased 6.1±1.0% and 7.0 ± 1.1% (p<0.05) following treadmill and cycle ergometer exercise, respectively. The increase in PV was similar for both exercise modes. Initial differences in central blood volume disappeared over the course of the exercise protocol and during recovery, possibly indicating that there is a postural threshold and moving beyond it yields no further effect. The lack of differences between modes of exercise on plasma albumin content and Z0 indicate that the upright postures were not different from each other. As such, PV

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.722451
Retrieved Text: Closing date: 17thDecember2017 at 14.00hrs. Please clearly indicate "Application for ActionAid Tanzania Public Accountability and Youth Engagement Manager" in your email subject. NB: Whilst all applications received will be assessed strictly on their individual merits, qualified women are especially encouraged to apply. Due to the anticipated volume of applications, we regret that we can only respond to shortlisted candidates.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.719119
Retrieved Text: All nine magmatic eruptions at Pavlof Volcano in six of the years from 1973 to 1984 have occurred between September 9 and November 20. Volumes of erupted material range from 0.1 to 15.9 × 106 m3 (dense rock equivalent) at an average rate of ∼3 × 106 m3 yr−1. The volumes are estimated from eyewitness reports for two eruptions; the others are estimated from a relationship that we derive between eruption volume and harmonic tremor duration and amplitude. The volume of lava erupted is approximately time predictable. A significant correlation exists between the eruptions and yearly nontidal variations in sea level and may result from ocean loading. Calculated volume changes beneath the volcano due to ocean loading are from 0.02 to 2 times eruption volumes, and we postulate that the volcano acts as a long-period (several month) volume strain meter, with lava being preferentially erupted when strain beneath the volcano is compressive. The volcano did not erupt during the period 1978–1980, when tilt, seismic data, and sea level data indicate that deep aseismic slip may have occurred. Models of this event predict a volume increase beneath the volcano that might have compensated strain from magma injection. These observations indicate that Pavlof Volcano may be responsive to small, slow changes in ambient stresses or strains and that these changes may modify or trigger eruptions.
McNutt, Stephen R. and Beavan, R. J., "Eruptions of Pavlof Volcano and their Possible Modulation by Ocean Load and Tectonic Stresses" (1987). School of Geosciences Faculty and Staff Publications. 258.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.660065
Retrieved Text: Closing date: 17thDecember2017 at 14.00hrs. Please clearly indicate “Application for ActionAid Tanzania Public Accountability and Youth Engagement Manager” in your email subject. NB: Whilst all applications received will be assessed strictly on their individual merits, qualified women are especially encouraged to apply. Due to the anticipated volume of applications, we regret that we can only respond to shortlisted candidates.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.637653
Retrieved Text: v1.2.00: Brightness adjustment using volume up/down buttons.
v1.1.00: Settings to enable/disable the switching-off by touchscreen.
You need a small torch always with you to illuminate in any event ? Try this "white screen" flashlight that can be turned off by simply touching the screen.
Brightness adjustment using phone’s volume up/down buttons.
It disables screen timeout and set brightness to maximum automatically (only if your device is not in "Automatic backlight" mode).
Follow the calendar and never miss an episode of your tv shows. SeriesGuide is a useful application for those who like to watch a lot of tv shows and find it hard to keep track of all the timetables. This application makes everything easier for you: just add all the tv shows you follow or want to follow, connect to trakt.tv library to add some frie….
- Indicate Wi-Fi connection state on status bar. - Select and connect to SSID by long tap SSID text. - Enable, disable and toggle Wi-Fi by tap notification. Also available for Wifi State+ - Ping remote host periodically and indicate network reachability.
Enchanting night-time setting by Anne Paetzke. Clouds drift past while a star swings just out of reach. Supports large screens: Galaxy Tab, Nook Color, Xoom, and more! Includes settings screen. To select it: MENU -> Wallpaper -> Live Wallpaper.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.564624
Retrieved Text: How to pick up a suitable wig?
With the help of your hair, you can not only visually bring the shape of your face to perfection, but also hide some flaws. Such flaws may include: a too long or small nose, protruding ears, a short or long neck, a flat head, baldness or receding hairline, and so on.
Tall women would look really good with medium-length hair wigs, whereas women of small stature would be able to accentuate their neck and shoulder line by means of wearing a wig that has a bun.
Voluptuous women would look perfect with simply styled wigs, as the intricate ones would accentuate their volume.
Women with long necks should wear long and loose hair styled to hide this flaw. Contrarily, those with short necks should choose stylish, short haircuts.
Long noses indicate that men should avoid smooth and slicked-back hairstyles, instead opting for hairstyles that feature volume and backcombed layers. Long noses indicate that men should avoid smooth and slicked-back hairstyles, instead opting for hairstyles that feature volume and backcombed layers.
If you have low forehead, hide it with asymmetric fringes. If you take a pride of your forehead, do not let the hair to cover it.
The main rule: we reveal beautiful parts of our face and body and hide defects with hair.
The possibilities are endless when it comes to selecting fine wig styles. Shorter styles are generally easier to take care of, basically just fluff them and go. If you're going out for a special occasion you can add a beautiful hair clip to add

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.554634
Retrieved Text: Intraday profiles » many instrument classes resonate to particular time, volume or range harmonics over the course of the trading day. Like range profiles, except with mathematical regularity, intraday profiles slice into the price action and put buying and selling pressure up front, at a glance.
Session profiles » daily session breaks provide bookends and boundaries for the day. Session breaks are a forced pause in trading and they provide vital opportunities for market participants to reflect and adjust, which is why sessions are a critical time frame to include in your analysis.
Intermediate profiles » most traders shouldn’t live by intraday or intrabar analysis alone, particularly at boundaries important to trading life are considered – days, weeks, quarters, months and even years. Intermediate profiles provide quick way to visualize the larger context of price, volume and time and integrate them into your action plan.
Range profiles » a powerful way to profile specific sections of a chart without regard for specific time frame, such as a specific swing or balance area.
Composite Profiles » much like range profiles, Acme composite profiles are a time-frame-neutral way to identify important price areas over very long or even very short time frames.
Traditional profiling shows volume-at-price, the locations where the most volume was transacted. Said another way, fair and unfair price for the span covered by the profile. Powerful stuff. Traders take advantage of unfair prices and soak up all the liquidity at those locations and move price back to fairer regions. Conversely, price can languish for long periods at fair prices, transacting

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.493886
Retrieved Text: Is there a single best indicator for reversals — s.c.a.n.
Mark what would you use if you had to find a stock reversal? using only one indacator and or one overlay?
Well, I wouldn't want to have to use just one, but I think the most useful indicator, if you can call it that, in addition to raw price, is volume.
Price and volume should work together to advance the trend (up or down). So, a good price change should attract good volume, and good volume should produce a good price change (i.e. a long body making new prices for the current leg). Good volume means at least somewhat, but not extremely above the one month daily volume average. When price and volume don't "work together", further progress is less likely. Long wicks or tails, or very compressed range on good volume indicate price and volume are not working together.
Two other signs are "climax volume", where even though there might be a long body, there has been so much buying or selling that no one is left to buy (up leg) or sell (down leg); and the other is diminishing volume, where prices continue moving in the current direction, but on very low volume, indicating that new prices in that direction are not attracting interest.
But, if I could have an overlay or indicator in addition to price and volume, it would be price channels or Fast Stochastics. Prices in an uptrend often reverse around the lower 21 period price channel, and prices in a down trend often reverse around

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.465404
Retrieved Text: Clean the oil on the stick and plug it back into the vehicle engine, then pull it out and you will find the volume of oil in the engine. Generally if there is no oil leak, the volume will be normal.
This check applies to gasoline engines, if the diesel engine even though it is only a day after the oil change, the condition remains black. This is because the crust and the remaining oil stuck in the diesel engine component is more concentrated.
Apart from hose leaks, the connection of the engine components also needs to be considered. The area around the connection of the cylinder head and its cover, as well as the front cover of the engine has the potential for leakage.
Also note the bottom of the machine in the oil pan (charter) area. This component also often occurs engine oil leakage. If there is a rifle like this, it can mean that the machine is in trouble.
Oil leak even though it does not affect the engine output performance can make us overdrawn. Because we need to add oil at any time. If it’s late, then the machine can be problematic.
To make sure again, try turning on the engine. If the engine is still healthy then in one start the engine can live immediately. If the starting process needs to be several times it can indicate a problem of compression leakage.
Healthy machine suras tend to be calm and stable, if there is a rough sound it can indicate a problem such as a compression leak

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.461315
Retrieved Text: code(s) listed after the primary code that further indicate the cause(s) code for the current encounter or to define the need for higher levels of care.
the portion of the ICD-9-CM that list codes and definitions in numeric order. Also referred to as Volume One.
procedure codes used only for hospital coding. Volume 3 contains both a numeric listing and an alphabetic index.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.456519
Retrieved Text: Homebuilder confidence is bouncing back.
One month after an unceremonious dip highlighted by poor sales figures and dim prospects for the future, the National Association of Homebuilder’s Housing Market Index rebounded two points to 15 in July.
The monthly Housing Market Index is scored on a 1-100 scale. Readings above 50 indicate favorable conditions for homebuilders and the “new home” market. Readings below 50 indicate unfavorable conditions.
The Housing Market Index has not read higher than 50 in more than 5 years.
As a housing metric, the HMI is actually a composite of three separate surveys, self-reported by builders. The surveys ask about current single-family home sales volume; projected single-family home sales volume; and current buyer foot traffic levels.
The most noteworthy reading is the rapid rise in Projected single-family home sales. Although builders aren’t experiencing more foot traffic, they think sales will spike between now and the New Year.
That could spell bad news for Brentwood home buyers.
When builders harbor higher expectations for the future, they’re less willing to make concessions for upgrades and/or price. Your likelihood of getting “a great deal” as a buyer diminishes.
That’s why it’s good that mortgage rates are still so low. Low mortgage rates help with home affordability and can offset slight jumps in sale price.
Mortgage rates remain just above their lowest levels of 2011, and of all-time.

================



======= Instance Index 92 =========
Input Text: Stopped means lack of what?

Which is the correct answer?
- warmth
- velocity
- height
- plants

Target Text: velocity

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.427963
Retrieved Text: Unless the strategy for responding is adjusted, the disease could spiral out of control.
An Ebola Outbreak Has Just Been Stopped. Here's What It Tells Us About Containing Epidemics.
There has been significant progress, but there's room for improvement.
The low cost of making bioweapons means the risk is high.
We need a pandemic czar to fast-track new diagnostics.
Addressing the WHO's lack of innovation.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.748232
Retrieved Text: You hear the horn. You see the wayward pickup truck. You hear a window roll down. And then... nothing. Well, not nothing. But it’s at that point you expect an old-school royal rumble to break out. And it just doesn’t. In fact, the opposite happens, and it’s almost like I don’t know what to make of it.
I also don’t know what to make of the 1984-esque recitation of the Declaration of Independence, but your car is your temple, man, listen to whatever you want in it.
These days, a dashcam video that involves honking means inevitable fisticuffs. (A lack of honking, naturally, means an asteroid will soon come crashing out of the sky and completely obliterate a small Russian village.) So when everyone is not just all nice about it, but someone actually says “thank you for beeping at me,” it’s just not computing in my brain.
Courtesy? Appreciation? An acknowledgement of mistakes??????
This must be similar to how Neo felt when Agent Smith shot at him in The Matrix and the bullets just stopped.
We all make mistakes while driving. Owning up to them actually makes the world a better place.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.669566
Retrieved Text: The landlord came to the apartment to repair the leaky sink in the kitchen, which was leaky because the neighbors are doing some remodeling and wanted to separate our plumbing from theirs. The landlord works long hours, and has to deal with people who don’t always want to do what they should do – especially regarding paying money; the landlord’s job doesn’t really have anything to do with this. He stopped by around eight o’clock in the evening and went into the kitchen; he’d just come from work, and was still in his work clothes.
Of course, mostly I just don’t like being told what to do. Especially if it involves me scrubbing floors on my hands and knees with an oversized toothbrush because the mop doesn’t get any traction on these floors and has in any case disintegrated after decades of abuse. I’d just prefer not to.
No, I’m not going to show you the kitchen floor, because you’ll just agree with the landlord.
A much bigger problem is the lack of sealant around the sink which is causing the cabinet into which the sink was inserted to rot away.
This was especially irritating for two reasons: 1) his mother, who is the owner of the apartment, had just stopped by two nights before and had been perfectly satisfied with how we kept the place and, 2) Armenian men are not known for doing a lot of housework, which in my opinion means they shouldn’t comment on it, especially when it does not affect them directly (which is not

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.38696
Retrieved Text: Opposition councillors from all parties on Suffolk County Council have joined forces to challenge the administration’s decision to change the home-to-school transport policy to a nearest school system. Councillors are dismayed that despite shocking financial modelling, a weak business case and a distinct lack of clarity on what the change is supposed to bring, ill thought through proposals that will harm children’s educational opportunities have been railroaded through.
The Cabinet agreed unanimously to confirm the change in policy at a fiery meeting of the Cabinet on Tuesday 19th June, despite there being a record number of 33 public questions as well as two hours of challenges from councillors as to why the home to school transport changes should be stopped.
The call in, which was proposed by Labour’s Cllr Jack Abbott and seconded by the Liberal Democrat, Green and Independent Group’s Cllr Andrew Stringer means the councils Monitoring Officer will need to look at the decision again to see if it was a fair, justified and proportionate decision.
The call-in was submitted on 21st June 2018. You can view it here: Scrutiny call-in Review of School and Post16 Travel.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.366738
Retrieved Text: The phrase “beauty sleep” is jokingly tossed around a good deal in day to day life but have you ever stopped to consider there might be a reason for that title?
Is there actual science behind the colloquialism? The truth is that the amount and quality of your sleep actually has an effect on the health and appearance of your skin.
There are a few key problems that lack of sleep can cause to your complexion. First of all, it can mess up the vital reparative functions that sleep provides. When you sleep your body releases a human growth hormone. When you were young this hormone aided in your natural growth and when you’re done growing it then helps in strengthening and repairing your skin, muscles, and bones. So when you fail to get enough sleep your body releases too little human growth hormone which leaves your skin in disrepair. This results in the definition of fine lines and wrinkles, dull skin, and dark circles under the eyes.
Sleep deprivation can also negatively affect your skin’s ability to retain moisture which leads to dry, unhealthy looking skin. Your skin has a protein, keratin, that’s job is to keep moisture locked in the skin. Lack of sleep directly inhibits the amount of keratin in the skin. Dry skin accentuates existing lines in your skin and the lack of moisture can eventually lead to new wrinkles and crow’s feet. Moisture in your skin keeps it plump and firm so when lack of sleep dries your skin it can sag which leads

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.242588
Retrieved Text: This essence ignites joy and happiness in creative action. It helps remove the usual obstacles people experience when it comes to acting on creative inspiration. Obstacles such as procrastination, fear of failure and lack of self-belief. It enables a person to more easily manifest their creative purpose.
How well are you able to manifest your dreams? Is it a frustrating and difficult exercise or do you work towards them with love, joy and happiness in your heart? Manifesting the dream illuminated by the “Create Essence’ is the purpose of ‘Activate’.
Like all of the Aletheia Essences this one very powerfully awakens the heart. It connects the Will and Heart centres and asks that all actions be done with an open heart.
The connection to what we love most is very important. If we have temporarily lost that connection, if life has become a bit jaded and dull, the Activate essence will re-connect us with those things.
An important lesson of this essence is the balance of work, home and the joy of living. It asks us to build a home, whether physically or internally and to operate in the world from the safety and security of this place. It is when we act from a place of security and being loved that we act in the world from this place. It means that all our acts and creations are done with love and kindness. We don’t need to force our way, or our will onto the world. It is a co-creation with others, for our own and others benefit. To

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.177133
Retrieved Text: Manipulation is the Number One guilt game played by narcissistic, controlling people. This means manipulative and controlling people try to make you feel guilty to get their own way, regardless of what's good for you. They'll accuse you of insensitivity or disloyalty or a lack of Christian kindness, in order to pressure you into giving your time, your money, or even yourself into doing what they want--even though you are not being led by the Lord to do so. In this mini-book on manipulation, you will learn what tactics are used by controlling people, why you have been manipulated, and how to stop being manipulated. In other words, this Hope for the Heart mini-book, Manipulation, gives Christians the confidence to say no to people so they can say yes to God.
To stop being manipulated, you must sometimes say no to people so you can say yes to God. Manipulative traits are often passed on from generation to generation, but you have the power to stop the abuse and start the healing. Manipulation and deceit started all the way back in the garden of Eden when Satan convinced Adam and Eve to sin. The root cause is our own selfish desires, but they can be stopped with God's help, and you can walk once again on the path to wholeness.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.073553
Retrieved Text: After two years Apple TV and Chromecast are returning to Amazon. In a statement, an Amazon spokesperson said I can confirm we sorting Apple TV and Chromecast. That means Amazon will stock up on the devices. As of Thursday, December 14th, Amazon had listings for the Google Chromecast and the Apple TV 4k, but neither were available for order at the time. In 2015, Amazon stopped selling Google Chromecast and Apple TV devices. Saying, "It's important that the streaming-media players we sell interact well with Prime Video in order to avoid customer confusion." At the time, Amazon Prime Video was not easily viewable on either the Chromecast or Apple TV. Googled pulled YouTube because of a lack of reciprocity. Particularly that Amazon did not carry the Chromecast or the Google Home. Amazon's recent statements saying the Chromecast will return looks like a good sign. A Google spokesperson said, "We are in productive discussions with Amazon to reach an agreement for the benefit of our mutual customers." Earlier this month Amazon Prime Video finally came to the Apple TV. The app can be found in the App Store. Let us know what you think of this Amazon battle. For more coverage, checkout CNET. COM. Iyaz Akhtar and I'll see you online.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.986799
Retrieved Text: Dubuffet was born in Le Havre to a family of wholesale wine merchants who were part of the wealthy bourgeoisie. He moved to Paris in 1918 to study painting at the Académie Julian, becoming close friends with the artists Juan Gris, André Masson, and Fernand Léger. Six months later, upon finding academic training to be distasteful, he left the Académie to study independently. During this time, Dubuffet developed many other interests, including music, poetry, and the study of ancient and modern languages. Dubuffet also traveled to Italy and Brazil, and upon returning to Le Havre in 1925, he married for the first time and went on to start a small wine business in Paris. He took up painting again in 1934 when he made a large series of portraits in which he emphasized the vogues in art history. But again he stopped, developing his wine business at Bercy during the German Occupation of France. Years later, in an autobiographical text, he boasted about having made substantial profits by supplying wine to the Wehrmacht.
"For me, insanity is super sanity. The normal is psychotic. Normal means lack of imagination, lack of creativity."
"What culture lacks is the taste for anonymous, innumerable germination. Culture is smitten with counting and measuring; it feels out of place and uncomfortable with the innumerable; its efforts tend, on the contrary, to limit the numbers in all domains; it tries to count on its fingers."
"The State has but one face for me: that of the police. To my eyes, all of the State's ministries have

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.954795
Retrieved Text: COPENHAGEN, Denmark — We see dieters downing “detox” cleansers as a means to healthier bodies in a pinch, but what about a quick fix for those of us looking to de-stress and boost our minds? A study launched by The Happiness Researcher Institute in Denmark just may have found the solution.
As it turns out, all it takes to inject some good vibes into our brains is Facebook — err, actually, lack thereof. The folks at the HRI found that keeping off Facebook for one week can significantly improve one’s, aid concentration, and even perk up overall life satisfaction.
To come to this conclusion, the study had 1,095 people — 94% of which admitted to using Facebook at least one per day and 78% using it for at least 30 minutes a day — split into two groups. One group was banned from logging onto Facebook for a week, while a control group was told to continue using the site as they normally would.
After the week was up, the participants were asked a series of questions that provided some astonishing results.
People who continued to use Facebook were 55% more likely to be stressed. Those who stopped their social media habits experienced less concentration difficulties, felt more satisfied in their (real life) social lives, and were 18% more likely to feel present in the moment.
More people who didn’t use Facebook also reported feeling happier, enthusiastic, and decisive than those in the control group. Meanwhile, more people who stuck with Facebook reported feeling lonely, sad, depressed, angry, and worried than

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.836282
Retrieved Text: I've seen a number of posts in social media that deal with the lack of support that people feel they should be getting from their loved ones, friends and colleagues.
I personally am a people watcher. I'm in a way fascinated by what people do and how they act in certain situations.
After the death's of Kate Spade and Anthony Bourdain every one I know had some type of suicide prevention hotline number posted on their social media feeds/timelines. After two weeks, this stopped!
Did people all of a sudden just stopped committing suicide? No, something else happened in the 24 hour news cycle - I don't know what is was, but whatever it was it rendered suicide prevention non news worthy. Those people who posted about these tragedies move on to the next new thing.
Thus is called "the hypocrisy of grief."

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.759036
Retrieved Text: selects for nomination, the Democratic wing of Congress is going to oppose it in a fanatical matter. Trump nominee Brett Kavanaugh seems to have an impeccable record since becoming a judge.
His over 300 judicial decisions are mainstream and without question illustrate good juris prudence. However, he is a Trump nominee and thus, must be stopped by any means necessary, according to the Democratic side of Congress. They have not “thrown the kitchen sink” yet, but just about every trick, ethical, unethical or even illegal, is being tried.
The Democratic Congress is going through a mental crisis at the expense of our normal political process. Somehow, I hope this will straighten itself out through the next elections that are coming up. Dear Lord, may our voters and elected officials come to their senses and end this hatred and lack of tolerance.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.633032
Retrieved Text: For an Index of Common Musical Terms, go here.
Q: What is the difference between bouché and cuivré in horn music?
Q: What composer used the German word aufstehen in the horn parts of his first symphony, and what does the word mean in English?
Q: What is the "Natural Harmonic Series"?
Q: Of the four operas in Wagner's "Ring" cycle, which one contains the "Long Call" and which one contains the "Short Call"?
Q: What does the term Schalltrichter auf mean?
Q: What composer is generally credited with having first written for the technique known as "fluttertongue," and in what piece did the composer first use it?
A. Frequently used together, these French words are often found in music for horn by French composers: bouché means "stopped horn"; cuivré means "brassy"; bouché et cuivré means "stopped and brassy."
Some composers use the terms incorrectly, using cuivré (brassy) when they mean bouché (stopped).
Some players misunderstand the terms and play stopped horn when the music only indicates cuivré (brassy).
A. Gustav Mahler; "stand up." On the last page of his first symphony, he instructs the entire horn section (he wrote for 7 horns) to stand up!
A. The "Natural Harmonic Series" is called by various names: natural harmonics, overtones, bugle tones, open notes, etc., and sometimes an individual note in the series is referred to as a partial.
All of these terms are referring to the notes that occur naturally on a brass instrument without using any valves, i.e. just the open tones that the player can change between by buzzing the lips at varying intensities on the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.613097
Retrieved Text: As Evangelical Lutheran Church in Malawi (ELCM) is fighting to reduce the malnutrition cases in Malawi through its feeding centers, there is a concern of lack of support in the public hospitals of the country due to food shortage.
According to Mrs Agness Ndalama, the Women Coordinator of ELCM, all children who are highly affected by malnutrition are referred to health centers where they receive further treatment which include balanced diet food. But in the year of 2015, things will not be the same as other public hospitals have no food.
“The establishments of feeding centers in ELCM parishes was to reduce malnutrition to under five children as a complementary to hospitals especially when things get worse, but this year many lives of our children are at risk. It is very pathetic that these children are staying the whole day without food,” Mrs Agnes Ndalama explained.
Mangochi District is one of the districts where the problem has resulted into no food to any of the children.
William Peno is the District Health Officer (DHO) for Mangochi who on October 16, 2015 explained that the hospital stopped giving food to patients including the children affected by malnutrition due to lack of fund from the government.
“Mangochi hospital currently has stopped giving food to our patients due to lack of funding from the government and even there is no well wishers. This means that it will be difficult for us again to support the malnourished children.” William Peno explained.
Situation like this is what has worried the ELCM as it greatly depends on government

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.555838
Retrieved Text: Sadly Lion 10.7.5 is the last version of OS-X this system can run. Nothing newer is supported and will be even slower if you fudge it!
Between its older 32bit architecture and lack of supporting more than 4 MB of RAM and a slow 1.5 Gb/s SATA I drive interface it just can't support what modern OS's & Apps need today.
Your problems are related to how the Web has moved on to newer methods of rendering graphics which your current version of Safari can't understand.
This is also true for other older web browsers. Many today don't even offer 32bit services which is what is also hitting you as the app developers have taken 32bit services out of the code so these apps won't work on your system at all.
In addition Apple has long since stopped supporting both the hardware & OS so any security weakness they have can and ARE! Leveraged. So any site you visit can have a rogue worm that even the site owner doesn't even know it there!
Time to put this poor beast to pasture it served you well for many years.
Between its older 32bit architecture and lack of supporting more than 4 MB of RAM and a slow 1.5 Gb/s SATA I drive interface it just can't support what modern OS's need today.
In addition Apple has long since stopped supporting both the hardware & OS so any security weakness they have can and ARE! Leveraged by peopleLeveraged. So any site you visit can have a rogue worm that even the site owner doesn't

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.552442
Retrieved Text: Has anyone had experience or heard of someone's period stopping suddenly after stopping birth control?
I had been on birth control for three or four years. During this time my period was regular, due to the pills I guess. I stopped taking it in February and since then my period has been very regular, every thirty days. This month, seven months later, my period just stopped. I'm four days late at this point. We've been ttc, but I have been having a very hard time with tracking and had basically concluded that I'm not ovulating at all(I have a dr's appointment later this month to deal with that). I took a PT two days ago, just in case and got a BFN. I know that a lack of period is common in PCOS. I guess I'm just thrown off that it stopped so suddenly. One more problem to deal with in this journey.
What makes you think you aren't ovulating? While I've heard stories of people with regular periods having PCOS, it's usually due to weak ovulation, not no ovulation, since ovulation and the subsequent rise and fall of progesterone is what triggers you to bleed. My guess is that you are ovulating and this cycle you ovulated later than usual.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.536289
Retrieved Text: [Solved] IE Per-User Initialization Utility has stopped working!
Britec Tech Support Forum > Technical Support > Operating Systems > Windows 7 > [Solved] IE Per-User Initialization Utility has stopped working!
Everytime when i installed IE11 and restart computer and after login, the IE Per-User Initialization Utility has stopped working! what that means?
First thing is run the system file checker tool.
Go to search type in "cmd" hightlight cmd above, right click it and click run as admin.
in the command prompt windows type "sfc /scannow".
(09-10-2014, 03:25 AM)TopFreeware Wrote: First thing is run the system file checker tool.
i tried to run cmd as administrator, i typed sfc /scannow on next couple minutes, it says "Windows Resource Protection did not find any integrity violations" what that means?
That means it didn't find any issues.
Can you perform a system restore?
(09-10-2014, 03:44 AM)TopFreeware Wrote: That means it didn't find any issues.
Do you get the same error in Safe Mode?
(09-10-2014, 10:36 PM)GuiltySpark Wrote: Do you get the same error in Safe Mode?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.477747
Retrieved Text: Whether you want to sell your business or not, you should build a saleable business from the beginning.
When does a business fail? When customers aren’t happy? A product or service isn’t delivered on time? Poor workmanship? Or does it fail when there’s a lack of systems or businesses just stopped paying their bills?
Is your business achieving what you set out to achieve?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.448935
Retrieved Text: Something's been bugging me lately about the WWE. As a lifelong fan, and by no means an expert, I lay it out here.
On Nancy's smackdown of Mango Boy.
That's where they say the next version of yourself is. I've been several of those people already. I'm ready for what's next.
Devin Update, and today is not a good day if you're Roger Stone.
Picking something up this week again that got derailed last year. You may find it useful.
It's a Circle of Life kind of thing.
291: What's Best for Business?
I've had a problem for over 30 years. It's time I solved it.
289: Is It Blowed Up Yet?
Are you tired of the Reality TV Cliffhanger Presidency? I sure as hell am.
A followup to Tuesday's show when I lost my temper.
Q An A-Hole: Have you ever started your life over from scratch and if so, how did it go and how did you do it?
Well, it’s not something I like to talk about. Not because I’m ashamed of my past — far from it — it’s just that you can never be sure if the Statute of Limitations has passed in some locations.
As any Social Media/Motivational/Brand Influencer on the Internet will tell you, it's vitally important that you connect on a very deep level with your audience.
CONTENT NEVER DIES, AND NEITHER SHOULD YOUR LACK OF SHAME.
Have you stopped to consider what crowdfunding can do for you?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.41188
Retrieved Text: At some point or other, I forgot that the whole reason that I came off antidepressants was in order to make my body ready to have a child.
This concept makes me shake my head. It makes me furious.
I am at the cusp of ending my own existence because I stopped taking medicine that helped me with depression, because I wanted to make my body ready to create new life.
I feel ready to die because I wanted to have a kid. THAT IS SO WRONG!!!
Now that I am not on any antidepressants, I am no longer having seizures. I just lack the will to live.
I want the pills back. I’m willing to take the seizures with them as long as it means being out of this hell.
And screw me for even thinking of creating someone who might have to suffer like I’m suffering. That’s not love. That’s selfishness.
« I Am Not Going Anywhere.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.30123
Retrieved Text: Entertaining yet thought-provoking commentary on social, political, and philosophical principles, while analyzing today’s news and popular beliefs, dispelling myths, dogma and superstition.
Have you ever stopped to think about how different the Black experience would be if we had a seat at the table of all industries and career paths? How do you think the high Black unemployment rate and lack of presence in a decision-making capacity in most industries affects us? On this episode of The Axiom Amnesia Theory, Heit & Cheri are joined by Dr. Dullah to discuss what it's like to be a young, Black physician, and how the lack of Black physicians affects Black healthcare, and more! Topics include January 2015 unemployment rates for Blacks versus other groups, traditional versus entrepreneurial career tracks for Blacks, how it affects Blacks when they don't have access to Black physicians, Blacks in technology, Heit on his career as a web developer/software engineer, lack of presence of Blacks in many professional capacities, the social and economic repercussions of not having Blacks present in various industries, and more!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.282054
Retrieved Text: Not that it should matter either way...What Clark said was true and it had nothing to do with attacking John McCain's 'patriotism.' IT was about his (lack of) qualifications.
People twisted Clark's comment into being a slam on John McCain, but as I showed on this video, he was merely rejecting an attack on Barack Obama leveled by Bob Schieffer. Still, that hasn't stopped the media from pumping up the controversy.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.266336
Retrieved Text: My legs ached after the next day after my 2k run/walk. Pretty depressing. Still in my bid to cram as much ‘training’ as I could in the week before the race, I hit the gym and pedaled my way to race fitness…or at least as close as I could get to some semblance of it given the lack of time. This pretty much means my legs haven’t actually stopped aching since Tuesday. I kind of regret being a bit of a lazy arse the past couple of days now.
That being said, I did miss the aches. The past few weeks where I was down with the flu have been a chance for me to get a good rest after the 50k walk, but I was literally going stir crazy after a couple of days. Thankfully, I had friends in town so I was kept sort of occupied, but I still missed doing something…or moving. And more than just restlessness, it really felt as if something was missing.
You see, every time I go out for a run, a walk or hit the pool, there is that alone-ness that I actually really like. I actually enjoy those few minutes where nothing is going through my head except things like ‘dang, that’s a song I haven’t heard in ages’ or ‘wow, that stitch came on pretty fast’ (before all that is swiftly taken over by my incessant whinging in my head). Then there are those days where everything that could go wrong has and all I want to do

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.237648
Retrieved Text: My guest column, "High School Musical 2: Chock Full of Gay," has now clocked 1700+ comments. I stopped reading them a while ago, but I went back in this morning to pull out some more gems, expressly for your entertainment. But do you know how draining it is to read tween writing? I don't know how you teachers do what you do. Mad props to you.
So, because I lack a certain type of endurance, you get NOTHING.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.20074
Retrieved Text: If you believed some newspapers you would think that breastfeeding was inherently bad for maternal mental health. Headlines regularly shout about “pressure to breastfeed” and “breastfeeding bullies” making mums feel anxious and miserable. Calls are made for breastfeeding promotion to stop due to the perceived risk of ruining the motherhood experience.
But breastfeeding does not damage maternal mental health. In fact, a good breastfeeding experience can do marvellous things for women’s well-being. Alongside reducing risk of reproductive cancers, heart disease and diabetes, it can help mothers feel empowered, confident, and heal birth trauma too. Breastfeeding hormones are even thought to help reduce the impact of stress and sleep deprivation upon the body. It’s no wonder that numerous studies have found that when breastfeeding is going well, a woman’s risk of postnatal depression is lower.
But when women are unable to breastfeed as they had expected their mental health can be badly affected. Having a difficult breastfeeding experience and feeling forced to stop can leave women feeling devastated, grief stricken and very, very angry.
But, I repeat, the problem is not breastfeeding itself. Instead it is the lack of support and investment in infant feeding, new mothers and families more broadly. More than two-thirds of mothers who stop breastfeeding in the first few weeks do so because they needed more support, had pain, or difficulty latching a baby on. However, lack of investment in health services means that mothers are often forced to get on with it by themselves – often with the further blow of being told “the main

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.162523
Retrieved Text: The People’s Democratic Party ( PDP) chairman of Nasarawa state, Mr Francis Orogu has revealed that they are doing their best to make sure the house is in order and the party has set aside their differences and grievances and are working together to ensure the victor of the party in 2019 general election.
Orogu revealed that there has been a slight change in the zoning of their party due to its governorship candidate Hon. David Ombugadu choosing a running mate Hon. Ogoshi Onawo from the southern zone against the party zoning as the slot was earlier allocated to the western zone. The speaker position and the secretary to the state government (SSG) position which were allocated to the southern zone have now been shifted to the western zone.
According to him , Ombugadu was given an open ticket to chose so that he will not be pinned down by any body or group of interest rather than the strategy that can warrant the success of the party without hinderance .
The chairman debunked the rumor that his attack on the high way by gun men recently was likely sponsored by an aggrieved member of the party and explained that they were men of the underworld who stopped a random vehicle to rob. He blamed it on hardship and lack of employment “I feel it is very wrong for anybody to survive through that means , although the situation is hard these days, what you should be doing is praying that 2019 we will take over and give you

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.0742445
Retrieved Text: Many people conduct business without the help of an attorney. Oftentimes business dealings like transactions and agreements seem straightforward and simple to the layperson, but the reality is these matters have serious legal implications. Whether you are conducting business without a contract or are using a contract that was not drafted by an experienced attorney, you need to be aware of the risks you are facing.
One of the many benefits of a well written contract is that it is legally binding. This means both parties will be responsible for holding up their end of the contract. Imagine what would happen to a business if a supplier stopped supplying crucial parts? The business would come to a complete stop. Contracts give both parties legal recourse when a contract is broken. Unfairly or improperly drafted contracts can bind parties to unfair terms. People that sign contracts before reading or without fully understanding them put themselves at risk of serious financial jeopardy.
Some people may choose to write their own contracts or use generic contracts they find online, but these are fraught with problems. One of the most common problems with poorly written contracts is vague language. Contracts need to written with a level of specificity, which means generic contracts found online simply won’t do because vague terms are difficult, if not impossible, to enforce.
Poorly written contracts also often lack crucial provisions such as details on how to terminate the contract, compensation for breach of contract, and many others. Depending on your business and industry, many specific circumstances must be

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.057302
Retrieved Text: The term "bolting" means a plant has stopped the productive, growth stage, and is turning to the production of seeds. It is also referred to as "going to seed", which is exactly what the plant is focusing upon...... propagation of the species. It is a normal part of a plant's life cycle to produce seeds. Unfortunately, when a vegetable plant bolts, its harvestable days are over.
Bolting is common among lettuces, onions, cabbage, Bok Choy, and other cool weather crops.
Lettuce is turning a lighter green and is drier looking. Leaves taste bitter and dry.
The plant shoots a stalk upward producing little, if any leaves. Seed pods develop.
Onion plants produce a long, tall stem. A flower appears at the top.
The head of cabbage (or Kale) plants split, and a stem emerges. The stem ultimately develops a flowers and later seeds.
This is caused by stress on the plants, and sometimes, longer days. The most common plant stressor, is high temperatures and humidity.
Lack of sufficient soil moisture is another common cause of bolting.
Plants may also bolt due a lack of nutrients, disease problems, or insect infestations.
Once your plant has begun to bolt, there is no stopping or reversing the process. But, you can do things to delay plant bolting. Look to eliminate factors that cause a plant to bolt.
Note: Delaying or avoiding plant bolting, requires steps to be taken BEFORE bolting begins.
The most common cause of bolting is high temperatures. How does one go about lowering the outdoor temperatures? Unfortunately, there is little a gardener can do to provide relief.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.030355
Retrieved Text: That's a good idea... please tell me if that works out ok...!
I will. I’m not sure when I’m going back yet.
Oh that’s understandable. We stayed with some people who had some huge dogs that wanted to play apparently so they jumped up and basically put their front paws on my shoulders o_o that was a little crazy and I did not appreciate it.
like yeah no duh I’m not going to let you either. So I told her “I didnt really give you permission to touch me.” and she eventually stopped.
But a dog can totally be trained like that. Service dogs for example, before they pass their test they have to be able to walk through a busy public place and completely ignore any food or people— even if the people try to distract it.
I think it would be the Kill Order... maybe partially because the movies didn’t cover any of that information? Idk. I just found it interesting knowing what happened to cause them to make the maze since the first book starts literally in the maze.
Random question but would you rather be a service dog or solely a family pet dog?
Ah, that makes sense... Wait, was The Kill Order the book with the scene of the lightbulb and little Thomas being given to WICKED?
Try not to feel too lonely if you're single; enjoy this day if you're part of a couple...!
Or redefine what Valentine's Day means...?
Apparently, the forums that we know will be "ended" (for lack of a better word) soon...?
Can we continue talking on

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.938031
Retrieved Text: Most governments encourage people to eat fish for its health benefits. However, promoting increased fish consumption ignores its negative environmental impacts. Unlike the fast decline in meat consumption, due to its environmental impact, fish consumption remains high and at harmful levels. Worse still, despite scientists stating that fishing levels are already too high, they continue to increase fishing targets. For example, 2/3 of European fish stocks are overfished and 85% are below healthy levels.
There are attempts to create sustainable fisheries but this is a difficult task. Firstly, 2-5lbs of fish-food is needed to breed carnivorous fish such as salmon. This is akin to the meat industries resource demand, especially as fish-food is often made of smaller fish. It means more fishing to provide food for fish-farms. Thus, wild stocks are still at risk to provide farmed fish.
Secondly, these fish are kept in similar conditions to battery farmed chickens. Because of the close conditions, disease is rife and means chemicals are pumped into the water to fight things such as sea lice. These chemicals can then leak into the ocean, and can absorbed by farmed fish, wild fish and other species. These chemicals also pollute the surrounding ecosystems, and can be in the fish that reaches your table.
Everyone knows about the decline in fish stoc,but even when fishing is stopped it is extremely difficult for some species to ever recover; such high levels of fishing are having a permanent effect. Species decline disrupts the ecosystem and can enable outbreaks of ‘pest species’, such as the crown-of-thorns starfish,

================



======= Instance Index 17 =========
Input Text: Plants need light for

Which is the correct answer?
- love
- glucose
- reading
- driving

Target Text: glucose

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.593552
Retrieved Text: indoor office plants no light en no sac indoor office plants low indoor office plants no light.
indoor office plants no light office grow lights for indoor plants.
indoor office plants no light no sunlight plants office design office plants no sunlight office plants that need no office plants no sunlight plants best office office grow lights for indoor plants.
indoor office plants no light office plants low light best indoor plants best indoor plants low light indoor plants low light indoor office grow light.
indoor office plants no light common office plants plants no natural light choosing the best indoor plants for your home or indoor office plants no light.
indoor office plants no light no sunlight office light indoor plants need indoor office grow lights for indoor plants.
indoor office plants no light luxury plants that need no light and picture of plant indoor office plants amazing low light office grow lights for indoor plants.
indoor office plants no light house plants indoor plants the home depot ficus bush in in grower pot indoor office plants indoor office plants no light.
indoor office plants no light 9 low maintenance plants for the office green design innovation architecture green building indoor office plants no light.
indoor office plants no light desk plants beautifying office bonsai grass pots planters click to enlarge artificial plant indoor office grow light.
indoor office plants no light low light indoor plants indoor office grow light.
indoor office plants no light sunlight lamp for plants sunlight lamp for plants office plants no light indoor plants no light office grow lights for indoor

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.905718
Retrieved Text: What Are the Best Grow Lights for My Plants?
The post What Are the Best Grow Lights for My Plants? appeared first on TheLAShop Blog.
To find the best grow light for your plants, there are a few things you have to take into consideration. The first is the type of plant you are trying to grow. Plants that have large leaves need lower levels of light, so they should do fine under fluorescent or LED lights. Plants with smaller leaves need brighter light and would grow best under metal halide or high pressure sodium lights. You also have to take into consideration the environment that the plants find natural. Plants that are from the desert, such as cacti, need to have a stronger light, because that is what they have in nature. Tropical plants often need less light, because they are used to growing under trees in a rainforest.
What are the Best Grow Lights for Growing Plants Outside?
If you plant species that are native to your area, then you will not need any extra grow lights outside. If your plants are from a warmer, or more southern climate, than there are several ways to determine the best grow lights to use. Plants that thrive in the tropical and sub-tropical regions need to have at least 12 hours of light, every day. You can use a metal halide or high pressure sodium light that is suspended above the plants, to boost the natural light they get in the northern areas. You may also want to include your light

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.539
Retrieved Text: Don't Waste Any Time, Find Plants Sunlight On Zenya, Now.
Visit Bonnie Plants to Learn Everything You Need to Know to Help You Grow!
Find Deals on Plant Sunlight in Gardening Tools on Amazon.
When you buy a new plant, you may wonder what kind of light do plants need? Do all plants need the same amount of light? How can I tell if my plant is having problems with too little light? Keep reading to answer these questions on how light affects the growth of a plant. How Light Affects the Growth of a Plant. All things need energy to grow.
Sunlight helps plants grow through the process of photosynthesis. the leaves on the plants absorbs the nutrients and turn them into energy.
Testing How Sunlight Affects Plant Growth: I pass out the Experiment Steps - How Does Sunlight Affect Plant Growth to each student. They title the next page in their science notebooks "How Does Sunlight Affect Plant Growth" and glue their foldable in on that page. We go over each of the steps just as we did in the other experiments.
Water hydrates the soil which gives nutrients to the plant making it grow taller and stronger. It also helps keep the plant from drying out from the sun. Results Sun: How Does The Sun, Water And Soil Help Plants Grow? Water: Soil, like water and the sun give the plants nutrients.
The sun is the main source of energy for almost every living thing on Earth. It gives a plant the light energy it needs to photosynthesize, which converts

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.464777
Retrieved Text: If you’re tired of frying your vegging plants or you just can’t seem to get those flowering plants to bloom, you will with these 4 foot 54 watt T5 fluorescent bloom light bulbs. Designed with the light spectrum flowers and fruiting plants love, you’ll be able to cover your blooming plants with no problems.
Unlike other forms of grow light, T5 bulbs are meant to provide your plants with light that’s strong enough to grow but soft enough to not damage your plants.
You can move these 2700k light bulbs as close to your plants as safely possible without fear of heat stress or bleaching, which is important with ornamental flowers.
The warm red/orange spectrum these bulbs give off are just what your plants need when they need to stop growing and start blooming. Their light stimulates bud production and the blooming of flowers in fruiting plants. Whether you’re growing medical flowers that need to pop or you’re filling in gaps your primary light just can’t reach, you want Yield Lab’s 54w T5 fluorescent bulbs in your garden.
These bulbs are compatible with any standard T5 fluorescent grow light reflectors. Get your plants growing fast and strong with these 54 watt T5 light bulbs today!
We feel we should inform you that, at the time of writing, this product is selling for much less than $34.95 on Amazon.
This T5 bulb comes with a one-year warranty.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.460705
Retrieved Text: S: Last time we met, you and I were wondering if there might be creatures on other worlds, parts of other worldly food webs, looking up at the sky and wondering if they were alone in the universe, too.
I mean, alien plants aren't out there wondering about anything. Probably. But I wonder if plants here on Earth have plant-like buddies somewhere out there.
Plants on other plants... it's not that big of a stretch. Why?
Food webs, dude. On Earth, plants form the base of the food web. Animals can't exist without them, after all, plants take light energy and turn it into chemical energy. And when animal eat the plants, or eat the animal that ate the plants, they're consuming that energy.
So, plants are vital tot he survival of almost everything on Earth. That means that if you can believe there are creatures on other worlds, you might as well believe there are plants out there, too.
But, how could plants exist on other plants?
First, they need energy from light. Around here they get that from the sun, but on other plants outside our solar system, they could get it from their planets near a star. Alien plants could then use that starlight to power photosynthesis, the system Earth plants use to create sugar from light.
But, they need a few other resources for photosynthesis, too. Like, water and air. Specifically, they need a gas called: carbon dioxide, and a little bit of oxygen to help them use the energy that they make from photosynthesis.
Plus, plants need nutrients to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.443718
Retrieved Text: House plants can offer a refreshing visual effect to our indoor environment, especially those that have stunning flowers or foliage. Before buying a houseplant make sure to do a little research to discover the plant’s light, soil, temperature and humidity requirements.
Houseplants differ in light requirements as do outdoor plants. Some need bright, direct sunlight, while others may need only indirect sunlight. Still others may only need a minimum amount of light.
A plant with low light requirements would do well set back somewhat from a north-facing window, while one needing medium light may do well placed closer to a north facing window or set a few feet back from an east/west window. Plants with high light requirements can be placed in front of an east/west window or up to five feet away from a south facing window. Plants requiring direct light need close proximity to a southern light exposure.
Most house plants will do well with daytime temperatures between 65 and 75º F. An ideal situation is where nighttime temperatures only drop 5-10º. Keep plants well away from heat sources such as vents or wood burning stoves. Avoid placing plants near cold air sources like air conditioning units and keep them away from drafty doors or windows. Some plants are even sensitive to air blowing from an indoor fan. Do not allow foliage to touch cold glass window panes.
House plants vary in water needs. They may need more water when placed in direct sun or when planted in a light, well-draining soil. Check labels on individual plants for

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.299019
Retrieved Text: Hard LED Grow Light Strip with Full Spectrum LEDs, 36W IP65 Waterproof Dimmable LED Plant Grow Light Bar for Germination, Growth and Flowering, with 12V/3A Power Supply, Set of 3, All in Kit by LEDLampsWorld at Buy Online Guru. MPN: LLW-FSLGS-3-RW. Hurry! Limited time offer. Offer valid only while supplies last. Full spectrum LED grow light is now available! Wanna something to provide all aspects of care for your lovely little plant? Here is the answer!
Full spectrum LED grow light is now available!
Wanna something to provide all aspects of care for your lovely little plant?
Here is the answer! This LED grow light could produce lights of all kinds of wavelengths(400nm-800nm) that plants need.
Lights of wavelengths between 400nm-520nm and 610nm-720nm are highly demand in most stages.
Lights of wavelengths between 720nm-800nm could accelerate sprouting of seeds and flowering of plants.
No matter your plants are in sprouting, growing or blossoming, it could always provide a suitable brightness for your plants.
It's time to take the sweetheart of plants home!
Each hard grow strip light includes 30 powerful LEDs, provide enough brightness.
The remote controller has 10 dimming levels from 10% to 100%, meeting the daily needs of plants.
The control range is 32 yd, you could turn on/off the lights any time you want.
All you need to do is press "SPEED -" and "SPEED +" at the same time for several seconds.
The light would quickly flash for three times, that means the remote controller has made a connection with the LED Controller again.
Then you could use the remote controller to control the light

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.24217
Retrieved Text: Sunlight contains the full spectrum of light that plants need to grow, but plants growing indoors need lighting supplements to provide the energy for photosynthesis. Blue and red light waves are the two primary colors that your indoor plants need to thrive; different plants require different levels of each. Select your indoor lighting based on the types of plants you are growing in combination with the amount of daily sunlight your plants receive.
High pressure sodium lights, HPS, are one lighting choice for indoor growing that emits a red orange glow. Red and orange light waves trigger hormones that increase budding, flowering and foliage growth. Plants cannot grow well with only red light waves; too much red light can cause a plant to become spindly. HPS lights are good companion lights for indoor growing conditions with some natural sunlight or other lighting sources that have high levels of blue light waves.
Metal halide lights are a good lighting choice for growing your plants indoors when there is no sunlight available. Metal halide lighting emits more light rays in the blue spectrum. Blue light regulates the rate of a plants growth as well as other plant responses including stomata opening. Stomata control the amount of moisture a plant receives and loses. Combine metal halide lighting with another source of red lighting such as HPS, fluorescent or incandescent for optimum results.
Fluorescent grow lights are the most common options for homeowners growing plants indoors. You can purchase different types of fluorescent bulbs that are higher in red output for growing flowers

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.193554
Retrieved Text: Published 04/26/2019 08:09:03 am at 04/26/2019 08:09:03 am in Best Light Bulb For Growing Plants Indoors.
best light bulb for growing plants indoors growing plants indoor indoor plants best best light bulb for growing plants can plants grow indoors without sunlight growing plants indoors with led lights best light bulb for growing plants indoors.
best light bulb for growing plants indoors, how to select the best grow light for indoor growing urban organic its really easy for you to grow all kinds of vegetables herbs and sprouts inside all year long invest in a grow light and youll be happy, ways to grow herbs indoors under lights wikihow image titled grow herbs indoors under lights step , how to grow succulents in artificial light needles leaves howtogrowsucculentsindoorsinartificialgrow, growing plants indoor indoor plants best best light bulb for growing growing plants indoor grow lights for indoor plant amazing light bulbs for indoor plant growth and , grow lights for beginners start plants indoors the foodie gardener incandescent light bulb plant grow light foodie gardener blog, gardening under grow lights gardeners supply led grow lights are perfect for indoor seed starting as well growing as lightloving houseplants such as orchids, grow light bulbs light bulbs the home depot watt r incandescent agrolite indoor flood grow light bulb, plant grow lights which kind to choose better homes gardens hid plant grow lights pinterest plant light, choosing the right grow light do you need a grow light find out the best grow lights to use for indoor succulents, best light for growing

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.165396
Retrieved Text: In order to live and grow, plants perform the process of photosynthesis. This process begins when light energy is absorbed by the centers that contain chlorophyll pigments, therefore, converting it into chemical energy. The chemical energy is stored as sugars which are the food of the plants. The more sugars they create and consume, the bigger they become. All this explains why plants should be exposed to as much light as needed during their growth cycle.
When growing your crops indoors you need to have a light source that will substitute the sunlight. Luckily artificial light also helps plants to go through the process of photosynthesis. The important thing here is that, not all light sources are efficient and powerful enough for a potent plant. Therefore you should choose a strong bright light that will result in increased density and yields.
LED lightning is modern and energy efficient. They come in vast variety of sizes and forms; hence you can easily find a suitable one for your specific space and needs. The great popularity and the high demand for LEDs come from the fact that they can have extremely long useful life compared to any other type. Also, they are very economical considering the fact that they are energy efficient.
Another great and not so commonly known fact about LED grow lights is that these lights have the shades that plants need to thrive; the red and blue color. However, when buying LEDs make sure they also contain green or white (full spectrum) light. This is important to remember

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.161676
Retrieved Text: Believe it or not, these are significant nutrients for plants. Plants need carbon and can absorb it in the form of Carbon Dioxide to produce sugar. When the plant later burns / eats the sugar it needs oxygen for the aerobic (with oxygen) breakdown of sugar. Breaking down sugar provides a lot more energy than breaking down sugar without oxygen.
All known life needs water, but plants need it for different reasons than people. Plants need water to conduct photosynthesis. Plants split water in half then later form a water molecule through one cycle of photosynthesis. I guess there is a lot of energy in light.
Plants also need water to maintain their shape. Animal cells don’t have cell walls. Plant cells have membranes, like animals do plus a cell wall. The cell wall keeps the plant standing up. This is why plants don’t need bones, yet we find bones in animals. To keep plants upright water fills plant cells. The cell wall then contains the water inside. A plant cell is slightly pressurized. When plants don’t have enough water, they wilt. The plant cells are depressurizing and losing structure. Seen in the plant falling in height and bending to gravity’s will.
Most plants are autotrophs, meaning they make their own energy. They do this by capturing radiation from the sun and turning it into chemical energy. We use light to see but often can’t tell how much light is in the environment only if it is sunny or shady. Plants know precisely how much light they are being

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.15109
Retrieved Text: Fall and winter mean shorter days and lower indoor light for many gardeners and their indoor plants. Help your houseplants adjust to these changes and thrive throughout winter.
Move your plants to the sunniest, usually a south facing window, if possible. If space is limited rotate plants between low light locations to sunnier spots indoors. Turn plants regularly, so all the parts of the plant receive sufficient light.
Adjust your watering schedule. Plants growing in lower light conditions need less frequent watering. But take in to account air temperature as well. If you keep your house warm, the humidity is low and plants may dry out more quickly.
Stop fertilizing unless your plants are actively growing.
Group plants together to increase humidity, but give them enough space so their leaves and stems are held in their natural position.
A bit more information: Improve growing conditions by supplementing natural sunlight with artificial lights. New full spectrum energy efficient LED lights provide the wide range of light that indoor plants need.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.12711
Retrieved Text: Given the number of light for indoor plants brands nowadays, picking the best one is a very time-consuming task. Many companies regularly produce new light for indoor plants to compete for customers’ money. Fortunately, you can use the list of the top light for indoor plants to quickly choose the best product. There is also the extended top 30 list with more options.
We had to test hundreds of light for indoor plants in order to find the best options on the market. That is how we made the top list available below. Now you can choose a light for indoor plants you like out of our selection and immediately buy it!
Adjustable 360 gooseneck, the double goosenecks can be rotated to any angle and thus you can lengthen and shorten the distance between lamps and houseplants.
Build with heat-sink metal design, keeping ambient temperature at an optimal range for plant growth.
Timer, three options of timing setting up, 3 hours, 6 hours or 12 hours according to plans need.
Low heat output–don’t worry even close the lamp to your tender flowers and do not burn them.
With the usb design, you can choose to plug into a wall outlet or any usb interface like power bank etc.
Low power consumption but high luminous efficiency, long service life about 50, 000hrs.
You can adjust the brightness to 25%/50%/75%/100% of the light as plant needed.
Toplanet s plant lights provide the proper spectrums of light for photosynthesis which is the key to plant growth.
A wider range of applications, – vegasdoggy grow light is suitable for varieties

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.122585
Retrieved Text: Most gardeners are aware of the important relationship plants have with light. We are forever talking about the light preferences of plants. And every garden reference stresses how important it is to provide the proper light for different plants – indoors or outside. If you place a plant that needs a sunny location in the shade, it will languish and do poorly.
Yet, I’m not sure gardeners really understand why light is so essential to plants – and why a sun-loving plant will do poorly if it does not get enough light. And for that I blame the term "plant food."
In ancient times, early farmers eventually realized that if they spread manure over a field before planting a crop, it made the plants grow better. It was easy for them to assume that plants grew better because they ate what was in the manure. It made sense that, just like providing abundant food to a person makes them strong and healthy, the food provided by the manure made the plants grow better. So the idea that we are actually feeding plants when we add manure (or fertilizers) to the soil became entrenched and survives to this day. Am I right? Don’t we all "feed" our plants “plant food”?
The trouble is, we now know better. In the 20th century we discovered that plants carry out a remarkable chemical process called photosynthesis – meaning "to create from light." And photosynthesis, as it turns out, is the basis of life as we know it.
In photosynthesis, plants use a green pigment

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.096504
Retrieved Text: Many HID (HPS, MH, LEC / CMH) lighting fixture manufacturers advertise that their aluminum reflectors are 98% reflective, and therefore reflect 98% of the light their bulbs aim at the ceiling back toward your plants. They are technically correct in that for a single wavelength (color) of light, 98% of it is reflected by the special aluminum, but this is not the case with all wavelengths of light in the PAR region of the spectrum.
This graph of material reflectivity by wavelength is courtesy of Orca Grow Film, which makes the most-reflective film you can hang in your growing area- we use it in all of our grows to direct more light back to our plants.
Furthermore, many photons need to be reflected multiple times inside the reflector before finally being directed toward your plants. With 12% or more of the light getting lost with every reflection, a lot less of that upward-directed light is getting to your plants than you think.
Our LEDs only aim light downward toward your plants. There is no need for a reflector that gets dirty over time and reflects less light.
If you look at the actual PPFD averages we can deliver to your plants rather than the total light output of the "bare bulb", you&apos;ll see that our lights really can deliver more light per watt to your plants than HID.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.005392
Retrieved Text: Compelling your s in how for articles. Double healthy living then snake plant air purifying house plants. Impressive plants for silk artificial flower plants decorating ideas along with small pot ideas home interior. Robust images about house plants on lemon seeds nasa how to make most then house plants life for style guardian. Clever purify air huffpost houseplants to your home then purify air and houseplants to your home. Tremendous your home ly holistichealthly plus 26 house plants that detox air. Genial or under house plants to improve air quality gardening is. Sterling one also easiest to grow as tall houseplants that can live as wells as jade plant crassula ovata is succulent as wells as decades with proper care. Aweinspiring plants for low light then plants that need medium light types.
Compelling your s in how for articles in indoor house plants.
Double healthy living then snake plant air purifying house plants in indoor house plants.
Impressive plants for silk artificial flower plants decorating ideas along with small pot ideas home interior in indoor house plants.
Robust images about house plants on lemon seeds nasa how to make most then house plants life for style guardian in indoor house plants.
Clever purify air huffpost houseplants to your home then purify air and houseplants to your home in indoor house plants.
Tremendous your home ly holistichealthly plus 26 house plants that detox air in indoor house plants.
Genial or under house plants to improve air quality gardening is in indoor house plants.
Sterling one also easiest to grow as tall houseplants that can live

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.000385
Retrieved Text: Whether you are starting seedlings or growing plants indoors, one of the most important purchases is a high-quality grow light. Your young plants need light, and often different light than is traditionally in your house, so finding the best grow lights is essential to raising healthy and mature indoor plants. If you are growing a small batch of starters, it may be difficult to find a cost-effective non-commercial grow light. Even if you are growing a commercial garden, you’ll want to get an inexpensive grow light to meet your needs. In order to help you find the best, here is a list of some of the top grow lights on the market. Each one will be compared, and you’ll find out everything you need to know in order to purchase the right grow light to fit your needs.
1. What Is a Grow Light?
2. What Color Light Do I Need?
3. How Long Do I Need To Run My Grow Lights?
4. Where Should I Place My Grow Lights?
5. Can I Use an LED Grow Light?
6. How Many Grow Lights Do I Need?
Each grow light was selected based on a number of important factors. These lights are bestsellers and have high customer ratings.
All the grow lights on this list are also highly rated by professionals and offer a wide range of features and options. Whether you have a large-scale operation or a single plant, there is a grow light on this list that will fit your needs.
Grow lights can range dramatically in price, whether you are lighting one or

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.987621
Retrieved Text: All plants need light in order to grow, but different species require different amounts of light. Remember that some rooms in your house will be sunnier than others, depending on which way the windows face. Keep this in mind when selecting a spot for each plant, to ensure that it will grow properly.
Plants receive direct sunlight all day long. This is the ideal spot for species that thrive in full sun. Plants that require bright light should be protected from direct sun between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. in summer, however. A south-facing exposure is not a good place for plants that require little light, especially from April to October.
Plants receive direct sunlight in the morning and plenty of indirect light the rest of the day. Plants that thrive in bright light will do well in this setting year-round. Plants that require indirect light should be moved slightly back from the window in summer.
Plants receive direct sunlight in the late afternoon and plenty of indirect light in the morning. The sun is stronger and warmer here than in east-facing windows. This is a good spot for plants that tolerate a few hours' sun a day.
Plants receive plenty of indirect light in summer, but less light from November to February. Plants that prefer indirect light will do well here year-round. Some plants that require bright light may adapt to this spot in summer.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.979145
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Aquarium Plants' started by 1BGM1, Apr 9, 2017.
Anubias doesn't need to be planted in substrate and is low light, no CO2, but even low light plants need decent lighting. Java moss, moss balls, anacharis, wisteria, are some good easy plants.
Edit - Looks like Anders beat me to posting, haha.
Question Plants For Low Tech 20 Gal?
What Are Some Super Low Tech Plants?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.95312
Retrieved Text: tall indoor plants large for sale melbourne.
tall indoor plants large house low light.
tall indoor plants large for sale uk best low light house.
tall indoor plants large very low light decorate with.
tall indoor plants house safe for cats large that grow in shade.
tall indoor plants low light trees large plant house safe for pets in.
tall indoor plants large low light narrow house sweetheart plant in a or self watering for safe f.
tall indoor plants large plant pots planters for ceramic flower black and white color indirect light outst.
tall indoor plants large safe for cats trees low ht best popular luxury house awesome.
tall indoor plants magnificent house homey beautiful large photos decoration design ideas safe for cats.
tall indoor plants must see best low light ideas on large for sale nz.
tall indoor plants big leaf house large plant green ornamental safe for dogs.
tall indoor plants house plant large green leaves safe for cats and dogs lease a leaf.
tall indoor plants house plant containers picture gallery pot large safe for dogs p.
tall indoor plants low light 1 greenhouse best that grow in shade.
tall indoor plants best large more home depot.
tall indoor plants best large very low light houseplants.
tall indoor plants house large home depot fake this plant is and suited for or.
tall indoor plants monster greenery create an jungle with these large for sale nz.
tall indoor plants best low light small house home depot sm.
tall indoor plants house ficus the tree type known as rubber and also large that grow in shade p.
tall indoor plants house plant lighting requirements amazing

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.919786
Retrieved Text: Plants are cool some look good, some grow fruit, others return oxygen to the atmosphere. They are great to have around. One way to help plants grow is by installing one of the top 10 best led grow lights in 2019 in your greenhouse.
If you do not have a greenhouse, then these lights should work wherever you have an enclosed space growing legal plants. The energy savings you get from using one of the best LED grow lights helps you grow more plants or pay for other necessities.
Plus, the good news these lights mimic the sun. Your plants are not deprived of any solar nutrients they need to grow tall and healthy. When you want the best results, you have to go with the top of the line products. Anything else is not worth using.
To grow your plants the way you want them to be, this LED grows light brings you the sun indoors. It emits UV rays, IR radiation, and full spectrum f colors just like the sun emits. This means your plants get their full nutritious meal every time you turn the light on.
Also, it uses only 260 watts of power, saving you big time over the 100,000-hour lifespan of the LED light chips. Just make sure the light is between 2 and 3 ½ feet away from your plants at all times. No extra ballast needed, only plug and play.
One drawback to this LD grows light is that its power cord is a little short. Also, the light may use more wattage than

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.91855
Retrieved Text: LED grow lights have been around for a few years now. While perhaps a decade ago they didn’t quite live up to their full potential, now they are by far the best way to grow plants indoors. If you need help choosing one, here are our picks for the best LED grow lights.
Let’s first talk briefly about LED grow lights, their advantages and why you would choose to buy one. Following that, we can have a look at some pointers that will help you choose the most appropriate model for you.
What Are LED Grow Lights and Why Would You Want One?
LED grow lights are relative newcomers to the world of indoor horticulture, but they offer certain big advantages over the older styles of grow lights people have used traditionally.
The first big advantage is that LED lights run much cooler than more old-fashioned grow lights. While plants need a certain level of warmth to survive and thrive, old-style lights simply give off too much heat – much more than plants can absorb. This equates to wasted energy.
With LEDs, you are just creating the light that plants need without the extra heat, making them much more efficient.
As a result, LEDs are also much cheaper to run. If you run old-style grow lights that are constantly wasted energy as heat, you are using electricity for nothing. For this reason, LED lights can be an investment since they can end up saving you money on your electricity bill.
They have one other distinct advantage, too.
Light is emitted in a whole range

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.910156
Retrieved Text: Plants are like people, and they need the person who can protect them just like a friend. So you think to do some indoor Grow lights are the best friend of the plants LED Grow Form this indoor plants may get energy so that when a plant is outdoors, it can absorb vital Elements to grow.
Those components light is just one of the significant components. Each plant needs light to grow. In the lights that they get energy and elements that assist them to grow correctly. Without proper light, the plants can’t grow and cannot offer elements that are necessary to the flower and fruits.
It acts by providing your plants with the components that come from sunlight. Best-led grow lights replicate the wavelengths of the sun. That makes rays of light that provide nutrient to plants. LED Grow lights normally arrive in light because these lights are significant to get a plant. Plantation contemplate installing grow bulbs to design your backyard as well as to comes with assorted attributes, the nutrients to the given plants, and moreover, an indoor farmer will need not to be worried about weather condition, bugs or even insecticide. Among the advantages of using grow lights for indoor plants, they grow quicker than the plant. There is not any need to fret about 24 hours lighting to your plants.
They can mature within the home. Then you may get in touch with your indoor farmers if you are not aware of these items. An indoor farmer may offer you advice about greatest led

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.87454
Retrieved Text: houseplants have become a staple in many homes. Since the home often provides a less than ideal environment for these plants, it is important to select houseplants carefully. Select those plants that will grow in the environment provided.
Light: Light is often a limiting factor in growing houseplants. Most houseplants grow best in bright, indirect light, but many plants can adapt to various light levels. The amount of light in a house varies from room to room, depending on the number of windows in each room and the direction in which they face.
North-facing windows tend to provide the least amount of light. Plants that are tolerant of low light conditions may be able to grow in north-facing windows, but they should be placed within one foot of the sill. The light level may be slightly higher in summer when the sun rises from the northeast.
East-facing windows provide indirect light through most of the day and cooler temperatures. Flowering houseplants, which need cooler temperatures often do well in east facing windows.
South-facing windows provide the greatest amount of light, especially in winter, when the sun is lower in the southern sky. Plants that need direct light or high levels of light do well in southern exposures.
While the light is intense in a south-facing window, so is the temperature. If a plant cannot tolerate high temperatures, it can be placed to the side of the window where it can receive bright, indirect light. Sheer curtains or mini-blinds can also be used to regulate the amount of light received by plants

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.871517
Retrieved Text: Plants need light to grow and flourish. Some plants cannot survive outdoors in the winter, and if you do not have a yard, your only choice might be to grow plants indoors. Indoor plant growing can be difficult, though. Positioning your plants in a window does not always provide enough light, and it can sometimes be too much direct light. Grow lights are one solution to indoor plant growing. There are different kinds of grow lights and light system setups that vary according to the type of plant being grown. Use these steps to use the proper grow lights when growing plants indoors.
Determine what type of plant to grow.
Purchase the seeds for the variety or flora you wish to grow indoors. Base your decision on the space in your home and the amount of electricity you can use. Vegetable plants require more light than many exotic plants, for instance.
Learn what color light is needed.
Research the plant you have chosen to determine the colors on the light spectrum your particular plant utilizes most. Most plants use the entire spectrum, but red and blue are the most important. Your research should tell you what color your plant craves most. For example, African violets do best under blue light, but they also need red to flower.
Pick incandescent bulbs for a superior source of red light. These bulbs are most commonly used in the home. The amount of blue light emitted from incandescent bulbs is poor, however.
Select fluorescent bulbs to achieve as much as 3 times more light intensity than

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.832281
Retrieved Text: Indoor plants provide extra color, warmth, and texture to your home. Not only will they keep you engaged with gardening all-year round, but they also improve air quality indoors. While many indoor plants won’t give you a hard time growing them, they must receive proper care for them to thrive.
It is because there is a difference between growing plants in an ideal condition (as in a greenhouse) and growing them indoors. For you to achieve growing plants indoors, you must take a bit of adjustment.
For example, proper watering and the roles temperature and humidity play are the things to keep in mind for your indoor plant care. You must also not forget the appropriate lighting for your indoor plants. The ultimate trick is to imitate the condition of the plant’s natural habitat. Grow lights are what you need to attain this purpose.
Here’s an explanation of how grow lights help your indoor plants grow healthy.
Plants thrive and stay healthy through the chemical process called photosynthesis. In this process, there are closely related green pigments that are called chlorophyll, which help the plant grow and achieve its green color. When you have chlorophyll, water, nutrition, and the right amount of light, you will have no problem growing your plants.
But inside your home, there’s no sufficient light for you to grow plants, this is where grow lights enter into the equation.
Grow lights mimic daylight so your indoor plants will grow. They are essential for timing and forcing seedlings, growing plants in the winter, for commercial hydroponic plant production, and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.805779
Retrieved Text: If there is anything plants need, it’s sunlight. Even indoor plants, which can generally thrive with less light, need sunlight of a certain amount. Because plants generate the energy they need to live from sunlight, via the process of photosynthesis, researching the sunlight needs of candidate plants is very important.
Make sure that if you have a home that is in a particularly shady area you pick plants that can thrive with less light. Likewise, if you have a particularly sunny environment make sure you get plants that thrive with lots of light; believe it or not, some plants can actually be hurt by too much light!
For most people, keeping up with the watering of plants is little more than a quick, daily chore. However, if your job has you out of the house frequently (or even travelling frequently), you’ll want to consider choosing different indoor plants for homes in Philadelphia. Most plants in multi-season climates cannot simply be treated with a set-and-forget approach. However, certain plants do require less attention than others.
If you’re unable to tend to your plants daily, consider building an indoor succulent garden. Succulents are often some of the best indoor plants for homes in Philadelphia simply because of how little watering they need. Succulents also tend to flourish without much need for re-potting.
What many people do not think of when picking out plants for their home is how the scent and color of a plant might affect their living space. Most of the time, plant scents are wonderful and refreshing, but sometimes

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.805758
Retrieved Text: rubber plants indoor rubber plant growing rubber plant ficus elastic indoors types of indoor rubber plants.
rubber plants rubber plants need only basic care to look this good.
rubber plants ficus in self watering.
rubber plants low light houseplants rubber plant ficus low light houseplants safe for pets.
rubber plants if your rubber plant is still small and or you want it to grow much or to grow slowly your plant may only need.
rubber plants rubber plant dark leaves ficus.
rubber plants rubber plant design people predict biggest trends photos.
rubber plants ficus rubber plant ficus.
rubber plants rubber plant rubber tree tree ficus.
rubber plants ficus rubber plant.
rubber plants ficus tricolour rubber plant.
rubber plants rubber plant information taking care of a rubber plant outdoors.
rubber plants rubber plant rubber plant my city plants.
rubber plants baby rubber plant 2 plants 6 tall ship in.
rubber plants ruby rubber plant.
rubber plants rubber plant black prince 1.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.748762
Retrieved Text: * IR(wavelength: 730nm): IR can help plants grow; UV(wavelength: 380nm): UV can help plants grow and kill insects. But they are very harmful to human beings, so we kindly suggest you do not use IR or UV in your grow lights, but we can add 1 or 2 pieces if you really need it in a specific situation .
1. The light contains no infrared ray or ultraviolet radiation.
2. We can customize LED grow light for you based upon your request.
3.16 years old of the following personnel must use under accompanied by an adult.
★【DESIGN】Compare to the old generation, The plant grow light is made of soft light bar, can be installed in anywhere with any shape,Add light to plant light, stipulate their photosynthesis; help plants absorb nutrients, especially some trace elements; shorten the growth cycle; prevent the rampant growth of plants. As its versatile design allows it to be used for more than just a grow light! perfect for bedrooms and other places.
★【 IMPROVE PLANT GROWTH And HEALTH 】 Blue(wavelength: 400nm ~ 520nm): Help plants grow; Red(wavelength: 610nm ~ 720nm): Help plant sprout and flowering , and is the key for flowering plants,To help accelerate the growth of indoor plants, succulent plants, flowering plants,potted plants, rapidly promoting leaves and flowers blooming.
★【HOW TO USE】3 strips grow light bar,50cm/strip, 6W/strip,DC 12V power supply adapter.you need connect male to female end,you can hook all of them together in one long string. The last one plugged into the cord that goes into the wall outlet. you can just use 1 or

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.748613
Retrieved Text: Free Shipping Included! Induxpert 600W LED Light for Plant Growth - Full Spectrum LED for Indoor Plants, Veg, Flowers - Includes Hanging Chain - for Greenhouse, Horticulture, Hydroponics - Powerful Flowering Grower's Light by INDUXPERT at Community Greenhouse. Hurry! Limited time offer. Offer valid only while supplies last. Get Faster Growing, Healthier Plants With the Induxpert 600W LED Light for growing plants!Ready to take your indoor plant growth to the next level?
Get Faster Growing, Healthier Plants With the Induxpert 600W LED Light for growing plants!
Ready to take your indoor plant growth to the next level? Our ground-breaking light ensures even complete beginners can have green thumbs when it comes to growing thriving, healthy plants and flowers indoors. This is perfect for hydroponics and indoor gardening.
Two switches for Vegetative or Flowering stages. Turn on both switches for Full Spectrum lighting.
It's time to 'see the light.' Get our LED Light today and see for yourself what a difference it can make in the growth and health of your plants.
The unique design of our unit promotes greater light-gathering!
Our integrated light source technology improves color uniformity and luminous efficiency!
Give your plants the light they need to grow faster and healthier.Get your LED light (or lights) today at our Special Launch Price!
Try this lamp for 90 days - if you don't love it, you can return it.
GROW YOUR PLANTS The Induxpert LED Light for plant growth includes switches for Vegetative and Flowering Settings to provide your plants with the light frequency they need at the various growth stages to realize their

================



======= Instance Index 138 =========
Input Text: A white environment is likely to be found

Which is the correct answer?
- in a forest
- on a mountain
- in a desert
- in the ocean

Target Text: on a mountain

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.63544
Retrieved Text: The perfect destination for those who want to see the legendary white sands of the Philippines but also do not want to miss out on entertainments and nightlife, Boracay is the trophy destination of the country, one that can be noisy and crowded - in the commercial centre - but also secluded, paradisiacal while still just at a stone's throw away from where everything is happening.
The island's long, white, sandy beaches rival the best beaches of more popular destinations such as the Caribbean, the South Pacific as well as neighbouring Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia; while facilities are available to suit just about every imaginable holiday-related activity.
White Beach is the centre of the island: this is where the action is, and where most part of the hotels, bars, restaurant and shops are gathered. Divided in 3 sections - Station 1, Station 2, and Station 3 - White Beach groups together a bit of everything: the upscale environment and fine, white sands of Station 1, where the widest and most tranquil beach front area is located; the crowds, shops and bars of Stations 2, where all the parties go on at night; and the tranquil and laid back environment of Station 3 where middle range accommodation and facilities can be found.
Other beaches scattered along the coast of the island are much quieter and very likely the image of what most people expect on a tropical island: white sand, azure water, and relatively empty. Try Bulabog Beach on the eastern coast for some windsurfing; escape to the long and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.777374
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Black children who are brought to the emergency room for stomach pain and cramps are less likely than white children to be given painkillers, a new study suggests.
Using records from more than 2,000 ER visits, researchers found that white children and teenagers more often received painkillers available over the counter, such as ibuprofen and acetaminophen (Tylenol), or more powerful opioids, including oxycodone. The difference remained after the severity of children's conditions and various hospital-related factors were taken into account.
Dr. Robert Fortuna, a health services researcher from the University of Rochester Medical Center in New York, said it was "especially concerning" to see that pattern show up among kids.
Fortuna's own work and other studies have found similar racial disparities in painkiller prescribing with adult patients (see Reuters Health story of July 5, 2013 here: http://reut.rs/12r77jH).
"Moving forward, we need to better understand why these disparities exist and work to correct them," he told Reuters Health, noting that blaming the differences on doctors' racial biases would be an "oversimplified response."
"I don't believe the vast majority of physicians knowingly or consciously treat patients differently," he said. But, "The bottom line is that minority children in this study were less likely to receive pain medications, and that's concerning."
Oxycodone and other powerful painkillers have been in the spotlight recently as deaths from overdoses rise and more drugs end up in the hands of people taking them for non-medical purposes.
Dr. Tiffani Johnson from Children's Hospital of Philadelphia and her colleagues said the stressful environment of an ER and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.623852
Retrieved Text: Governing, for example, showed in 2014 that poorer neighborhoods, which tend to have more minorities, have disproportionately higher rates of pedestrian deaths. This could be because low-income neighborhoods tend to have lower-quality infrastructure; they may lack sidewalks, adequate lighting and sufficient road crossings for pedestrians.
Academics have also looked at how differences in the socioeconomic status, urban environment or alcohol use of different demographic groups might lead to disparities in pedestrian fatality rates.
But two recent studies -- one out of Portland, Ore., and the other out of Las Vegas -- raise another possibility: Drivers treat pedestrians near the roadway differently depending on their race.
In the Las Vegas experiment, researchers studied what happened when a white woman and a black woman of similar height and build in neutral clothing tried crossing roads at marked intersections in two different neighborhoods, one high-income and the other low-income.
The most alarming finding for the researchers was that, when the women were in the middle of the road, cars in the high-income area with the faster, wider road were seven times less likely to yield to the black pedestrian than the white pedestrian.
But when the women were waiting on the sidewalk for cars to slow down, drivers in the higher-income area were actually slightly more likely to stop for the black pedestrian than the white one.
Courtney Coughenour, a public health professor at the University of Nevada Las Vegas (UNLV) who led the study, says other experiments, including follow-up studies she has been involved in, have found similar disparities in motorists' reactions.
In fact, one

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.450523
Retrieved Text: BIG BAT, LITTLE BAT New models that consider bat size in relation to white-nose syndrome indicate that smaller bats like the North American little brown bat, Myotis lucifugus (shown), may be more susceptible to the disease and will struggle to survive future winters.
David Hayman of Massey University in New Zealand and colleagues modeled how bat hibernation environment and bat energetics relate to white-nose syndrome, which has killed millions of bats in eastern North America.
The researchers found that big brown bats (Eptesicus fuscus) are better survivors than little brown bats (Myotis lucifugus)— possibly because big brown bats tend to have more fat stores, lower metabolic rates and drier hibernation sites. Lower fat reserves and humid roosting sites leave little brown bats vulnerable to the white-nose syndrome fungus (Pseudogymnoascus destructans), the scientists think.
Bats in Europe, where the fungus that causes white-nose syndrome likely originated, also have high survival rates. Over time, they developed behaviors and physical traits that made them less susceptible to the disease, the researchers suggest.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.446661
Retrieved Text: SAN FRANCISCO - In a partial win for global biotech seed maker Monsanto Co (MON.N), a U.S. appeals court reversed a lower court’s order that called for the destruction of young genetically modified sugar beet plants, according to a ruling released on Friday.
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals found permits issued by the U.S. Department of Agriculture for juvenile biotech sugar beet “stecklings” should be given “full force and effect” and the plants need not be destroyed as a federal judge in San Francisco had ordered late last year.
Broader issues about the legality of broad commercialization of biotech sugarbeets are still undecided as the USDA works to complete a court-ordered environmental impact assessment of the crop.
But the 9th Circuit held in its decision Friday the young seedlings that were planted in September do not pose an imminent risk. The stecklings are designed to produce seed that ultimately might be made available for root crop growers in the 2012 season, or for breeding purposes.
“Injunctive relief is not now needed to guard against any present or imminent risk of likely irreparable harm.” the court found.
“We’re disappointed, but it’s a preliminary decision,” said George Kimbrell, senior attorney at the Center for Food Safety, a lead plaintiff in the case.
“This litigation is ongoing. It isn’t the final outcome of the case,” Kimbrell said.
“They could not cause any alleged harms to the environment,” he said.
Consumers and environmental groups have complained that the USDA illegally approved biotech sugar beets without the required environment impact statement.
The groups say the biotech beets are

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.34105
Retrieved Text: A new study published in the March/April 2008 issue of the journal Child Development finds that family wealth might partly explain differences in test scores in school-age children. The study, conducted by researchers at New York University, also found that family wealth is positively associated with parenting behavior, home environment, and children's self-esteem.
Prior research has documented the association between children's cognitive achievement and the socioeconomic status of their parents as measured by education level, occupation, and income. Many of these studies focused on the effect of poverty--defined by family income--on children's achievement, but household wealth (i.e., net worth) has received little attention.
This new study used new methods, including data from a new national study (the Panel Study of Income Dynamics and its Child Development Supplement). It explored many functional forms and sources of wealth, looking at different mediating pathways of wealth from distinct sources, and analyzing how wealth affects children's cognitive achievement at different stages of childhood.
The researchers found a marked disparity in family wealth between Black and White families with young children, with White families owning more than 10 times as many assets as Black families. The study found that family wealth had a stronger association with cognitive achievement of school-aged children than that of preschoolers, and a stronger association with school-aged children's math than with their reading scores.
Family wealth accumulated from different sources also was found to have a distinct influence on children at different developmental stages. Liquid assets, particularly holdings in stocks or mutual funds, were positively associated with school-aged children's test scores.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.296358
Retrieved Text: Jeremy Briggs, a doctoral candidate in sociology at Kansas State University, has conducted a study on racial profiling during traffic stops. From his national database, Briggs found that Black drivers were more than twice as likely as White drivers to be searched or arrested during a traffic stop.
While many studies have shown that Black motorists are more likely than White motorists to be stopped and have their car searched, Briggs’ study also includes data on gender.
His results show that White women stopped by police were the most likely group to be let go with only a warning. Black women were just as likely as White men to be ticketed, arrested, or searched. Black men were 2.5 times as likely as White men to be arrested and twice as likely to be searched.
They study found that the race of the police officer did not have a significant impact on the statistics.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.08932
Retrieved Text: We’ve already seen study after study that shows racial bias in stops made by the police, but a new study, perhaps the largest ever done, has found that black drivers are significantly more likely to be pulled over and searched than white drivers. This should come as a shock to absolutely no one.
A large-scale study of traffic stops across the U.S. found significant black-versus-white disparities in how often drivers were stopped and searched by police, as well as evidence of racial bias behind those disparities.
Black drivers were about 20 percent more likely to be stopped by police than were white drivers, according to a study published last week by Stanford University’s Open Policing Project.
Researchers looked at data for nearly 100 million traffic stops from 2011 to 2017, carried out by 21 state patrol agencies, including in California, New York and Texas, as well as 29 municipal police departments, including Denver; Tampa, Florida; and Fort Wayne, Indiana.
In terms of searches, the study found that, although police were more likely to find drugs, guns or other contraband in stops of white drivers, black drivers were still searched about 1.5 to 2 times as often.
The analysis “reveals evidence of widespread discrimination” in law enforcement’s decisions to stop and search drivers, the study said.
This is mostly a result not of overt racism, but unconscious racial biases. The police need “reasonable suspicion” to pull someone over and search them. White drivers who are searched are more likely to be found with contraband because their behavior showed actual reason to be suspicious,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.979445
Retrieved Text: ​As healthcare costs have risen, there's more emphasis on "wellness," which focuses on stopping issues before they start. If you spend a bit of money on prevention, then later you spend a lot less on larger, expensive problems.
Employee wellness programs have grown in popularity because the return on investment can be significant. A study that evaluated the findings of 63 white and grey papers on the effects of workplace wellness programs found a cost-benefit ratio of anywhere from 1.65 to 20.
In plain language, whatever you put in to a wellness program, you'll get something back in savings down the line.
Johnson & Johnson Companies (J&J) have had employee wellness programs in place since 1979. A group analyzing the differences in health trends and spending between J&J and similar companies found that on average, J&J saved $565 (2009 dollars) per employee. Employees were also less likely to smoke, be overweight, or have high blood pressure.
Show you care and feel better: When you care enough to offer a wellness program to your employees, they're likely to be more productive because they feel supported by their work environment.
The practice of yoga has shown to increase overall health and mood. The vast majority of yoga practitioners report that even if they have underlying health issues, yoga makes them feel more energized, less stressed, healthier and contributes to better sleep.
what are you waiting for? contact us to schedule your free demo class!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.910894
Retrieved Text: MONDAY, Sept. 24, 2018 (HealthDay News) — If Mom partakes of pot, her kids may be more likely to try it themselves at an earlier age.
That’s the contention of a new study, though it doesn’t prove that one causes the other.
Still, “early initiation is one of the strongest predictors of the likelihood of experiencing health consequences from marijuana use,” said lead investigator Natasha Sokol, who’s with Brown University’s School of Public Health Center for Alcohol and Addiction Studies, in Providence, R.I.
That’s why “in a shifting regulatory environment in which we expect adult marijuana use to become more normative, developing a deeper and more nuanced understanding of social risk factors for early initiation” is essential, Sokol explained.
For the study, the researchers analyzed data on 4,440 children and 2,586 mothers. More specifically, they assessed how a mother’s habit influenced the age at which her children started using the drug. They also considered the children’s behavior, mental abilities, social environment and family income.
The researchers also found the kids whose mothers used the drug were more likely to try it themselves at a median age of 16. In comparison, the children of women who didn’t use marijuana began using the drug at the age of 18. The researchers noted this link was more notable among white children.
That’s not to say there aren’t benefits associated with marijuana use, Sokol noted.
“Cannabis has recognized therapeutic benefits for treating a number of different medical conditions. There is also evidence that the availability of legal medical and recreational cannabis may reduce population opioid overdose deaths,”

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.824604
Retrieved Text: HBN is sometimes called White Graphite because it has a structure and properties that are similar to graphite. HBN is commonly used to improve tactile coverage, skin smoothing and anti-wrinkle properties of mineral make-up lines. It is also prized for its “oil absorbing” properties and even helps to shorten the make-ups drying time when applied and longer lasting wear features it provides. HBN has been found to be hypoallergenic, anti-bacterial and provides whitening properties which tend to make cosmetics with HBN ideal for use on problematic or sensitive skin types.
Handling Specifications: Product is a fine powder with hygroscopic properties (water loving). Particle size will increase when exposed to air/humidity/water due to attraction/clumping*. Be sure to seal tightly and store the product in temperature and humidity controlled environment. Since HBN is an extremely fine and fluffy material, try to minimize inhalation. Inhalation of such materials has been suspected to cause respiratory tract infections. The compound itself is not considered likely to be hazardous by inhalation, however, if symptoms occur consult your physician.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.593456
Retrieved Text: Digital distribution is a hot topic for insurers. The advent of new digital options, combined with new potential competitors, has increased the volume of discussion. In our experience, much of this is internally focused, with consumer preferences represented by personal preferences of insurer staff.
We recently came across a white paper which focused on consumers’ views of various distribution methods. Although the research is focused on the UK, we think it offers insights, as well as some counter-intuitive surprises, which raise new questions. We’d be interested in your take on the results.
The white paper, Distribution Strategies in Insurance, was published by Target, which provides software and services to insurers and financial services organizations in the UK, Australia, and New Zealand. The white paper used data from a commissioned survey, which collected data from 2,000+ working age adults in the UK, as well as a review of other studies.
What are keys factors for consumers?
The survey confirmed the obvious about consumers’ expectations: the most often ranked factor in considering an insurer, a product, or a renewal was price (80%).
Second and third factors mentioned were product features (60%) and brand (42%). The next two elements, almost as important as brand, were convenience (ease in obtaining a quote) – 36% and ability to speak to someone easily – 31%.
Clearly, consumers want the interactions and communications to be easy.
Interaction and communication preferences are not settled….
And consumers want to use their preferred communications channel.
Email is the preferred method of communication for the largest consumer segment (36%). The telephone is just behind (33%). Accessing

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.521109
Retrieved Text: Loosely clumped sedge of rocky shores; leaves narrow (3-5 mm); terminal spikelet at least partially pistillate; pistillate spikelets drooping on long peduncles.
Found on rocky beaches and crevices in bedrock along the Lake Superior shoreline.
White cedar, balsam fir, paper birch, lowbush blueberry, eastern ninebark, thimbleberry, big-leaved aster, violet butterwort, pale Indian paintbrush, starflower, harebell, ticklegrass, yarrow, bearberry, marsh bellflower, hair grass, spike-rush, butterwort, silverweed, dwarf Canadian primrose, wild rose, and mosses.
Primarily requires protection of the shoreline habitat and perpetuation of natural disturbance (winter ice, storms, wind) and hydrological regimes. This community occupies a stressed, potentially unstable environment; many of the species found in this community do not tolerate later stages of succession and require management that prevents woody plant encroachment. Likely sensitive to excessive recreational use, such as foot traffic. Protect from development.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.456738
Retrieved Text: On behalf of Morgan, White-Davis & Martinez, P.A. posted in Workplace Accidents on Thursday, December 27, 2012.
SeaWorld, a Florida company, remains on the radar of the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration, even after being investigated nearly two years ago. The investigation began after a trainer was grabbed and drowned by a killer whale in February 2010. The workplace accident was highly publicized and left SeaWorld under the supervision of OSHA for some time.
On behalf of Morgan, White-Davis & Martinez, P.A. posted in Construction Workers' Accidents on Friday, December 21, 2012.
Many workers in Florida know the dangers of their jobs. But the question is, does the public? A recent study conducted by researchers from the Division of Occupational and Environmental Medicine at Duke University along with two groups of carpenters found that many construction worker injuries go unreported due to the environment in which the workers are employed.
On behalf of Morgan, White-Davis & Martinez, P.A. posted in Workplace Injuries on Friday, December 14, 2012.
Despite government regulations and efforts by employers to increase safety in the workplace, many employees still find themselves hurt while on the job. A complete elimination of workplace injuries is likely impossible. This is why workers in Florida should be prepared in case it happens to them.
On behalf of Morgan, White-Davis & Martinez, P.A. posted in Workplace Accidents on Thursday, December 6, 2012.
Millions of people head into work everyday and few think about the ramifications of a single workplace accident. Many organizations are out there trying to make people aware of the damage

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.42115
Retrieved Text: These are the words of John Nash, Jr., the Nobel Laureate who inspired the book and the movie A Beautiful Mind and who suffered from schizophrenia, including paranoid delusions of grandeur during which he felt he could intercept secret messages with important content instructing him on how to rescue the planet.
How individuals experiencing psychotic symptoms come to interpret such messages is a fascinating question. In a recent academic talk, Stanford psychological anthropologist Tanya Luhrmann addressed this question by arguing persuasively for the influence of culture on the symptomatology of psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia (for a great recap of a similar talk by Luhrmann, see this blog post from PLoS). Strikingly, she claims, positive psychotic symptoms, in particular hearing voices, manifest differently in different cultures. In western cultures, individuals diagnosed with schizophrenia are more likely to hear negative voices of strangers telling them how bad they are or instructing them to inflict harm on self or others; in certain African and Asian cultures, individuals are much more likely to hear the voices of family members chastising them or even voices that are telling them uplifting messages, which may not be bothersome in the slightest.
That is to say, schizophrenia is not purely a biological disorder in the sense that modern psychiatry may sometimes have us believe. Rather, a diagnosis of schizophrenia represents a cluster of symptoms that is sensitive to social context, which in turn may interact with biology through epigenetics–genes themselves may be altered by one’s environment.
Several recent studies have investigated cross-cultural differences in auditory hallucinations

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.372765
Retrieved Text: A critical environmental report that is likely to determine the future of the controversial Keystone XL pipeline will be released “soon,” the State Department said Friday.
The pipeline, which would carry oil from Canada’s tar sands to the United States, has been caught in regulatory limbo for years, as the Obama administration has navigated competing business and environmental interests.
A draft of the environmental report released last year found that the pipeline would negligibly impact greenhouse gas production, as the Canadian reserves would be exploited regardless of the pipeline’s construction. The final report is expected to upset environment activists who oppose the pipeline.
The pipeline has been a source of political heartburn for the White House, with a strong coalition of environmental groups organizing against approval, and Republicans turning opposition to it into a symbol for over-regulation.
In remarks last year on climate change, Obama said he would only approve the project if it was in the national interest, adding that curbing carbon pollution was in the national interest.
Once the report is released, the Obama administration will have 90 days to make a final decision on the pipeline.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.329453
Retrieved Text: Everyone now knows that discipline is not synonymous with punishment. Discipline is about teaching appropriate behaviour. Punishment is about control.
According to the available research, raising kids in punitive environments can have far-reaching consequences that extend well into adulthood.
First things first. What does a “punitive environment” really mean? Punitive environments are those characterised by harsh physical and verbal punishment.
If you occasionally yell at your kids, that’s not a punitive environment.
If you criticize your kids severely every single day, that’s a punitive environment.
If you’re physically violent with your kids, you’re raising them in a punitive environment.
Punitive environments destroy kids’ sense of worth and can even destroy their lives. They have a negative impact on kids social, emotional and psychological well being.
A recent study analysed whether or not punitive environments had an impact on the lie-telling behavior of 3- and 4-year old kids.
The experimenter placed a toy behind a child then explained that she had to leave the room. The instructions given were “Don’t turn round to peek and look at the toy when I am gone”. The child’s behaviour was recorded using a hidden camera.
After one minute, the experimenter came back and asked whether or not the kid had turned around to look at the toy. The study found that kids raised in punitive environments were more dishonest and used more elaborate lies to conceal their dishonesty.
This conclusion confirmed earlier studies that found that children raised in punitive environments were likely to develop deception to avoid punishment, even for minor transgressions.
One 4-year study examined what impact mothers’ harsh

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.32574
Retrieved Text: Black teenager police killing rate 21 times higher than same rate for whites.
A memorial for Michael Brown in Ferguson.
A new study by Pro Publica of FBI data on police-involved deaths found that black males between the ages 15 and 19 are 21 times more likely to be killed by police than their white counterparts.
Could higher rates of crime commission by black teens relative to their white peers explain that difference? Or, put differently, are black teenagers simply that much more likely than white teenagers to be involved in situations in which police violence is justified?
The data suggest that the answer is no. This post by activist Tim Wise points to Department of Justice statistics that break down violent crimes by the race of the perpetrator. Combining these DoJ numbers—from 2008, the most recent year for which data appears to be available—with population info, it looks like black Americans are between two and three times as likely to commit a violent crime as white Americans. But even assuming that black male teenagers are three times as likely as white teenagers to legitimately threaten the life of a police officer doesn’t explain why they’re twenty times more likely to be killed by police.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.249996
Retrieved Text: Watercolor loves “painting” passages of white in watercolor but as many of you likely realize, he doesn’t paint them at all. Simply understands how to use the white of his surface to the best advantage. He discovered his own particular approach to whites while traveling. He would make quick sketches on the go. Because of the need for speed, he simply kept parts of the painting unpainted with the intention of returning to those areas later.
But it turns out those areas created dynamic lights and highlights that Reardon quite liked. He found that he could draw the viewer’s eye with the use of the pure white of the unpainted paper. These areas best captured the light, highlights, and atmospheric effects of the moment he was witnessing while working.
Reardon began experimenting with a range of subtle shades or tints of white to make his paper surface seem even whiter. For example, putting the darkest value next to the white of the paper for the greatest contrast. But there was not always a need for such extreme contrast. Reardon also discovered that a sense of searing whites can be created just as easily when he puts number-two values next to the number-one value of the white of the paper.
He creates near white areas with very diluted transparent pigments, such as a very light yellow, red, or blue. Placing these “number two” values next to a true white area (the white of the paper) makes the whites pop.
“The beauty of painting shades of white goes to the heart of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.218565
Retrieved Text: October 31, 2015 (White Earth Minnesota) – Tar Sands the filthiest, most carbon intensive oil on the planet from Canada and North Dakota are slated to cross Northern Minnesota, targeting sites significant to Native American communities and public lands treasured by people across America and around the world.
The proposal called the “Sandpiper” would establish a new energy corridor through the lake and wild rice country of Northern Minnesota, moving up to l.4 million barrels of oil a day across the state, with more pipelines expected to be added in the future.
On September 14, 2015 in a unanimous 3-0 decision, the Minnesota Court of Appeals revoked the Certificate of Need for the Sandpiper pipeline and required the Minnesota Public Utility Commission (PUC) to complete a full Environmental Impact Statement before proceeding with the permitting process. The Court found that the lack of an EIS constituted a violation of the Minnesota Environmental Protection Act.
However, Minnesota Attorney General Lori Swanson filed an appeal to the Minnesota Supreme Court in an attempt to overturn the ruling.
Northern Minnesota is home to the Anishinaabe who are Chippewa, Ojibwa and Cree. The White Earth Reservation was set aside as a homeland for the Anishinaabe. The White Earth reservation is the headwaters of the Mississippi River, a refuge for timber wolves, free range buffalo and Mahnoman (wild rice) the “food that grows on water” promised to the Anishinaabe by the Great Spirit.
The Court of Appeals found that the PUC was making decisions without following state law because it did not take into account the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.206707
Retrieved Text: Contents: 24 cards made of thick (1,4 mm), cardboard (85 x 85 mm) with coloured and black-and-white pictures on them.
Objective: to encourage a child to learn about pets, develop observation skills and a sense of responsibility, teach children to take care of those who are weaker than themselves. The tool is intended for lessons of natural science, language development and fine arts.
Colourful images of pets (dog, cat, guinea pig, hamster, rabbit, turtle, fish, canary, lizard and parrot) are depicted on 10 cards.
The drawings are realistic and remind of images of real animals and their fur colour.
Black-and-white drawings of pets environment (aquarium, cage, terrarium, mat, toy, leash, etc.) appear on the other ten cards.
A child has to find appropriate pairs of cards, i.e. a card with a black-and-white drawing of an appropriate environment must be chosen for a card with a pet (fish - aquarium). Fragments of coloured drawings of animals can be found on the other side of cards with environment drawings. This makes it easier for children to find a suitable cage for a particular pet.
Black-and-white drawings appear on both sides of a generalizing card: home environment where pets live is depicted on one side and a child taking pets outside for a walk is shown on the other side. Drawings are used for grouping cards with pets according to their care type: one group consists of animals which need to be taken outside and the other group includes animals which usually stay inside. A black-and-white drawing of a child’s room can be found on

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.159098
Retrieved Text: Is racism making black kids suicidal?
The suicide rate among black children has nearly doubled since the early 1990s, the New York Times reported last year. Meanwhile, a new Pew study has found that race relations in America have worsened over the past eight years.
Could these two findings be related?
According to a new study, 35% of black adolescents between ages 10-12 have thought about death, whether their own or death in general; and the more they'd felt discriminated against, the more likely they were to have thought about death.
"We know that suicide is a problem among black youths, and discrimination is one of many factors that may be contributing," Walker told me by phone.
The study looked at 722 black 10- and 12-year-olds from Iowa and Georgia who has completed a comprehensive questionnaire about their feelings. For a one-unit increase in racial discrimination, Walker and her coauthors found an approximately 4% increase in the odds of a subject having thought about death. Anxiety, which can be precipitated by discrimination, also played a role in suicidal ideation—the study found a 33% increase in the odds of thinking about death given a one-unit increase in anxiety symptoms. The study controlled for subject life events that may influence thoughts of death, like a stressful home environment. Because the dataset Walker and her colleagues drew from was focused on discrimination, there was no way to compare how many white adolescents had thought about death.
"Emerging adults who have a less than positive cultural identity and who internalize racism are also more prone to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.06442
Retrieved Text: It’s small, it’s hot, and it’s shrinking. Surprising new NASA-funded research suggests that Mercury is contracting even today, joining Earth as a tectonically active planet.
It’s small, it’s hot, and it’s shrinking. New NASA-funded research suggests that Mercury is contracting even today, joining Earth as a tectonically active planet.
Images obtained by NASA’s MErcury Surface, Space ENvironment, GEochemistry, and Ranging (MESSENGER) spacecraft reveal previously undetected small fault scarps— cliff-like landforms that resemble stair steps. These scarps are small enough that scientists believe they must be geologically young, which means Mercury is still contracting and that Earth is not the only tectonically active planet in our solar system, as previously thought.
The findings are reported in a paper in the October issue of Nature Geoscience.
“The young age of the small scarps means that Mercury joins Earth as a tectonically active planet, with new faults likely forming today as Mercury’s interior continues to cool and the planet contracts,” said lead author Tom Watters, Smithsonian senior scientist at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C.
Large fault scarps on Mercury were first discovered in the flybys of Mariner 10 in the mid-1970s and confirmed by MESSENGER, which found the planet closest to the sun was shrinking. The large scarps were formed as Mercury’s interior cooled, causing the planet to contract and the crust to break and thrust upward along faults making cliffs up to hundreds of miles long and some more than a mile (over one-and-a-half kilometers) high.
In the last 18 months of the MESSENGER mission, the spacecraft’s altitude was lowered,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.976015
Retrieved Text: Howdy , this picture is about Big Bear Cottages For Rent #5 Family Bear Cottage - Big Bear Lake - Take A Virtual Tour. It is a image/jpeg and the resolution of this file is 950 x 633. This picture's file size is only 96 KB. If You desired to save This attachment to Your computer, you should Click here. You also too download more images by clicking the following picture or read more at this article: Big Bear Cottages For Rent.
Picking a Big Bear Cottages For Rent #5 Family Bear Cottage - Big Bear Lake - Take A Virtual Tour can't be haphazard. The house white colour requires an exclusive design for that interior or exterior. This of course's unique design has to be done to create the house's impact white. Because the house that is white itself has constraints around the area of the room.
One thing to-do in the agreement of the house white by picking simple sleep of white colour according to the idea itself. With bedrooms are limited in dimensions is likely to be thought more happy. Not only this, the best layout is likely to make the space cool more wonderful and magnificent.
As for the bedlinen and poor cover themselves can use other colors such as gold, white, pink in addition to a mixture of many hues. You do not need to pick white coloring a mattress of white color which is dominated by white coloring.
Big Bear Cottages For Rent is often performed to produce an environment of calm. But there

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.938164
Retrieved Text: By Monica Lasky on January 14, 2019.
Many Candid Critters citizen scientists begin working on the project by setting a camera in their backyard. More often than not, these deployments show squirrels, deer, raccoons, and other wildlife that many of us see frequently near our homes. Of course, this leaves us wondering how much wildlife like to use these suburban areas, and if there are species that are species that are able to use these habitats better than others.
This is one of the thoughts on the minds of Candid Critters scientists as they set off to study the project’s data. In the figure below, there is a large disparity in the use of habitats of various development stages between several species. Developed habitats include areas that have a significant human presence, such as neighborhoods – in this graphic, the suburban (orange) and exurban (yellow) sites represent our ‘developed’ areas. As you can see, chipmunks and woodchucks tend to be found often in developed areas, while bobcats tend to very rarely be found near human development.
Figure 1. The percent of detections for all species observed on camera traps captured in each development level along the suburban-wild gradient in Raleigh, NC.
So why do some species use suburban areas, while others do not? There are several scientific theories behind this phenomenon. With mammals, the biggest factors are diet and sociality (tolerance of conspecifics). There is a lot of diverse and highly concentrated food in suburban areas, so those species that can eat a wide variety of items are more likely

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.933172
Retrieved Text: The human immune response can not only eliminate infections caused by viruses, bacteria and fungi, but can also kill cancer cells. Immunity is mediated by white blood cells. Among the different types of white blood cells, killer T cells can eliminate cancer cells, whereas regulatory T cells and some types of macrophages can block anti-cancer immunity and actually support cancer growth. The ability of killer T cells to eradicate cancer cells can be blocked by “immune checkpoint” proteins within the tumor microenvironment. Drugs have been developed to inhibit immune checkpoints (CTLA-4, PD-1 and PD-L1); thereby releasing the “brakes” on killer T cells to fight cancer. Using a combination of immune checkpoint inhibitors more than half of patients with widespread melanoma can experience long-term remission and possible cure.
Unfortunately, immune checkpoint inhibitors have been largely unsuccessful in patients with advanced prostate cancer. To better understand why they are not more effective, Dr. Subudhi’s team has evaluated the immune profile of primary and metastatic prostate cancers. They have found that the bone metastatic site is a highly immunosuppressive environment. This likely accounts for the poor clinical responses seen in patients with metastatic prostate cancer treated with a single agent immune checkpoint inhibitor. The overall goal of Dr. Subudhi’s clinical trials program is to improve survival in patients with advanced prostate cancer by enhancing T cell functions while eradicating the immunosuppressive cells within the cancer. Ultimately, his aim is to make immunotherapies in prostate cancer as effective as they are in melanoma.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.928952
Retrieved Text: A new report released Wednesday on street checks and racial profiling by Halifax-area police found black people are six times more likely to be checked than white people in Halifax.
The number is about double the CBC News estimate that triggered this review. The review comes more than two years after data showed black people were three times more likely than whites to be subjected to the controversial practice in the municipality.
The independent report by Scot Wortley, a University of Toronto criminology professor, also found that police in the Halifax region do more street checks than police in Montreal, Vancouver or Ottawa. There were comparable rates in Edmonton and Calgary.
The 180-page report also found the practice of street checks has a disproportionate and negative impact on the African Nova Scotia community, contributing to the criminalization of black youth.
Wortley reported that black community members interviewed for the study said they are afraid of police, they feel targeted by police, and they are treated rudely and aggressively. They also said police treatment of black people has not improved significantly in the past 20 years.
Wortley was hired by the Nova Scotia Human Rights Commission in 2017 after a report from Halifax RCMP in January of that year found that in the first 10 months of 2016, 41 per cent of 1,246 street checks involved black Nova Scotians.
In what Wortley described as a “difficult statistic,” the report showed that 30 per cent of Halifax’s black male population had been charged with a crime, as opposed with 6.8 per cent of the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.899731
Retrieved Text: White conservatism generally stresses that while some whites surely dislike blacks and overtly discriminate against them, racism is no longer a significant societal problem. That is, there are a few “bad apples” in the American bushel, but not enough to affect the lives of most blacks or justify protest movements pushing for change.
Actual research into the subject, however, reveals a rather different story — one of widespread racial prejudice and discrimination that works to cripple any notion of equal opportunity.
First, we must address something many whites simply do not understand: racism can be measured scientifically. That is, researchers can either analyze real-world data or conduct experiments using the scientific method (controlling for outlying variables), which can demonstrate how large a problem racism actually is.
For example, mentioned below is a study showing resumes with “black” names are 50% less likely to be called back for an interview than identical ones with “white” names. In this experiment, researchers created fictitious resumes with equal job and educational achievements for the black and white “applicants,” sent them out to job openings in Chicago and Boston, and waited. The results indicate serious anti-black bias in the labor market.
Second, note that results like this are incompatible with the idea of a “few bad apples.” Were this an insignificant problem — were a black man or woman to come across a bigoted white employer just every so often, once in a blue moon, a 50% discrepancy would simply not be an expected or accurate result. The “bad apples” would not have the numbers

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.882541
Retrieved Text: The study compiled data from nearly 14,000 black and white youths age 12 to 17 completed the National Survey on Drug Use and Health. Among white youths, drug dealing and drug use were entwined. White youths reported using primarily marijuana but also listed prescription drugs, cocaine—when available—and hallucinogens. Among black youths, marijuana and, when available, crack cocaine were associated with drug dealing. With respect to prescription drugs, more than 40 percent of high school seniors said they bought the pills from a friend or relative.
The study found five percent of the households received public assistance. More than three percent of the youths surveyed admitted to dealing drugs. Among whites, males were twice as likely to deal drugs as females. Of the adolescent black males surveyed, nearly six percent admitted to selling drugs, compared to just one percent of adolescent black females. The study found white and black males who used marijuana were more likely to sell drugs. According to the study, black youths who use marijuana are 13 times more likely to deal drugs than black youths who don’t use the drug. White adolescents who abused prescription drugs were three times more likely to sell drugs than white youths who did not abuse prescription drugs.
The study then examined the socioeconomic status of the participants. The authors found that among black youths, there was no connection between receipt of government assistance and drug dealing. But the study findings get muddy when addressing individual level measures of socioeconomic status. According to the authors, the current research builds upon

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.833132
Retrieved Text: There is evidence that men have lower levels of health literacy than women.
One study found that men were than twice as likely as women to have inadequate health literacy (Reference: JECH).
An analysis of people with coronary heart disease in south London found that those with low health literacy were more likely to be male, from a non-white ethnic group, live in a more deprived area, have spent fewer years in education, and were less likely to be employed (Reference: BMJ).
A large study of British adults (970 males and 1246 females) found that women were more likely than men to recall seven out of nine cancer warning signs (sReference: K. Robb).
A US study of 4,700 adults with multiple sclerosis (MS) who were taking disease-modifying medications (DMMs) found that female MS patients report better awareness of disease symptoms and have more positive perceptions of their ability to manage therapy with DMMs than male MS patients (Reference: A. Vlahiotis).
According to a National Pharmacy Association study, more men than women admit that their understanding of medicines is poor (23.1% against 15.6% women) (Reference: National Pharmacy Association).
Men are twice as likely as women to take a new prescription medicine without first reading the patient information leaflet or seeking professional advice (10.9% of men against 5.1% women).
Men’s purchase of prescription-only drugs without medical advice, usually via the Internet, is of increasing concern because of the risks of toxicity and missed diagnoses.
A study of 935 men aged 35+ years in major UK cities, found that 1 in 10 purchased a prescription-only medication without

================



======= Instance Index 367 =========
Input Text: Leaves play a role in the making of

Which is the correct answer?
- carbon dioxide for humans to breathe
- the chemicals needed to make table salt
- helium for party balloons
- a life sustaining element humans need

Target Text: a life sustaining element humans need

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.70497
Retrieved Text: Santiago Hernán Solari appeared before the press ahead of the second leg match that Real Madrid will play tomorrow against Girona, in Montilivi (9:30 pm, beIN LaLiga).
Does making the semifinal depend on fitness, intensity or quality play?
“All 3, we have three open fronts and if we are going to fight until the end for every competition it is because every player puts intensity, effort, commitment and leaves it all on the pitch”.
Who is yours starter, Vinicius or Bale?
Is Vinicius ready to maintain his starting role?
“He’s okay, it was a scare because he received a really strong blow, he has evolved well, which is very important”.
Next articleA Copa Clásico awaits!
Half Spanish, half American, 100% Madridista and currently residing in Madrid.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.56164
Retrieved Text: Using traditional hand building techniques, Daisy creates ceramic forms by pinching and coiling clay allowing her to create natural and ergonomically shaped vessels and tableware.
Each piece bares the marks of the making process much the same as the environment leaves on the landscape. Growing up in rural Scotland influences and inspires her work, searching for a sense of wilderness through her forms and colours.
By allowing the colour of the glazes to play an important role in her work, she creates unique unpredictable textures and patterns that are emphasised by the shapes of the clay body.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.54536
Retrieved Text: This recipe turns everyday tomatoes into a delicacy! Coriander leaves play an important role in this chutney, and make for a delicious combination with the tomatoes. This chutney can be seasoned with a tadka too, if you want one at all.
Heat 2 tbsp oil in a pan and add in the first 4 ingredients. Sauté till mustard seeds start spluttering and urad dal turns brown, making sure not to burn them.
Once done, switch off the heat and add in red chillies and asafoetida.
After this mixture cools down, transfer it to the chutney jar of a mixer grinder and let it cool completely. Once fully cold, grind into a coarse powder.
In the same pan, heat 2 tbsp oil, add in tomatoes and green chillies. Sauté till tomatoes are thoroughly cooked and soft. Let it cool down.
Add these tomatoes to the ground powder along with coriander leaves.
Give it a whiz without making it too paste-like. Pulsing 3-4 times should be enough.
Note: Since this is an instant chutney, it tends to rot if kept outside. It stays for 2 days when refrigerated.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.786568
Retrieved Text: With child obesity still an epidemic in the U.S. and reams of research showing both the immediate and long-term benefits of youth exercise, it’s the duty of parents today to make movement and activity a part of kids’ lifestyles, says Bryant physical therapist Adam Carson.
And the first step in teaching kids to be active, Carson adds, is to be a good role model.
Play with Your Kids: Be a leader when it comes to activities with your kids by, first and foremost, making it fun! Starting at a young age, take them outdoors for a game of tag, building forts, playing catch, or to raking up a pile of leaves for jumping. Keep in mind that if you have fun being active, they’ll no doubt imitate the positive vibes.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.77664
Retrieved Text: HOLLYWOOD beauty Catherine Zeta Jones is signing up Charlotte Churchs boyfriend  to star in a film about a village rugby team.
Welsh rugby union ace Gavin Henson, 23, will make a guest appearance as himself in Coming Out.
The movie is being funded by Catherine, who is making her debut as a film producer.
She revealed: Its about a gay teenager from a little town in Wales who goes to London to pursue musical theatre. His father dies and leaves him the local rugby club in his will.
Gavin  dating singer Charlotte, 19  will play a member of an opposition team. Catherine, 35, also has a cameo role.
The movie will be filmed in Llanelli, West Wales, just 10 miles from Catherines home town of Swansea.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.726774
Retrieved Text: You searched for: Author "Brestic, Marian" Remove constraint Author: "Brestic, Marian"
13. Photosynthetic responses of sun- and shade-grown barley leaves to high light: is the lower PSII connectivity in shade leaves associated with protection against excess of light?
15. Effect of photosystem I inactivation on chlorophyll a fluorescence induction in wheat leaves: Does activity of photosystem I play any role in OJIP rise?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.66913
Retrieved Text: We are having a busy month!
We are all making friends and playing with each other.
We have been looking at our faces in the mirror and we have used paper plates and bits from our workshop area to make a self portrait.
In the role play area we are busy pretending to be dogs and cats and we are looking after our babies too.
Some of us have had our birthday and are now 4 years old! We have made birthday cakes in the playdough and sang happy birthday to each other.
28.09.18 - Our First Week!
8.10.18 - It's all about the leaves!
Through the year - watch us grow!
What Are We Learning This Half Term?
Through the year, watch us grow!
What are we learning in Reception?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.234995
Retrieved Text: The economy of the people revolves round the forest, agriculture and minerals.
A large number of people are engaged in agricultural activities. Cultivation of paddy, maize, cereals, wheat, oil seeds etc. are common. The people are either working as agricultural labourers or cultivators. Kharif and Rabbi are the main agricultural seasons. Karma festival is celebrated for good production of crops.
Out of total geographical area of 4302 sq. k.m., forest area covers nearly 2566 sq. k.m. The tribal economy revolves around using forest products, by products and minor products. Kendu leaves, Bamboo and its manufactured products, Mahua, fruits, leaves (used is the making of dona, pattal), lac etc. play an important role in the economic activity of the people. People also hunt animals for food and ‘Jani shikar’ festival is related to this hunting habit.
The geological reports say that the district is very rich in various mineral deposits. There is abundance of deposit of Coal, Bauxite, Laterite, Dolomite, and Graphite etc. Granite, Quartz, Fireclay, Felspar etc. The excavation and exploration of these minerals have provided job opportunities to the inhabitants of this hinterland to some extent because these minerals have not been fully explored at large scale and there are no mineral based industries in the district.
The quality of livestock is very poor. Cow, goats etc. are of local variety and the average milk yield is very less. There is a vast scope in the field of animal husbandry in Hazaribagh.
In place of old Mahajans and landlords, various banks are operating their branches is the district but it

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.23154
Retrieved Text: Fall is an ideal season for many. Why not? Aside from being an excellent time to enjoy nature and camp outdoors, it is also being considered as one of the perfect times for moving.
Moving during fall means avoiding the boiling heat while organizing your items and carrying heavy boxes. Though fall is not as prudent as winter, you can save yourself from stormy weather and snowy conditions.
Here are some things you should avoid when moving during fall season.
Fall leaves are definitely beautiful; however, they can be very dangerous as well. Do not leave your walkway unclean and unclear. If you neglect to clean up the fallen leaves, they can be slippery and wet and eventually, give you and your family a risky environment.
So, if you’ve decided to move to Goulburn, with the help of Bill Removalists Sydney skilled and proficient removalists in Goulburn, better clean up first the fallen leaves from pathway and any area around your property. A single slip and fall onto wet leaves can be a serious disaster, leading to damages items or worse, injury for you or for your family.
Your dress will also play an essential role to make your moving a stress free and comfortable one. Do not just dress as per your own choice. Dress according to the season. Comfortable clothing is always vital in your move. Mornings have a tendency to become on the cooler side, but it can quickly warm up as soon as the sun appears.
In order to accommodate the changing degrees, wear clothes in layers. This

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.196964
Retrieved Text: A beautiful, ear of sweetcorn with orange painted kernels and green felted leaves. A welcome addition to your little ones play kitchen and role play learning.
Each sweetcorn measures approximately 9.5cm x 3.5cm.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.195534
Retrieved Text: Patel not only described the agenda of the meeting to the West Bengal CM, but also stressed upon the important role Mamata needs to play tomorrow. This can be a sign of the bigger national role Mamata may have after oppositions only big face Nitish Kumar left the bandwagon. That leaves them with Soniya Gandhi, who lately keeps unwell and Rahul Gandhi whom the likes of Mamata or Navin Patnaik will never accept as a face to lead. And a Mayawati who is still struggling to set her house in Uttar Pradesh in order. This leaves only Mamata.
Ahmed Patel’s party may call it a ‘regular visit’, but what transpired in that 20 minutes will be clear only after Mamata takes up the united opposition issue in tomorrows meeting. And that probably will decide whether Mamata Banerjee is the new Nitish Kumar.
Fresh from his victory in Gujrat by retaining his Rajya Sabha seat in a nail biting competition, party veteran and Sonia’s trusted lieutenant Ahmed Patel, is back in the thick of things. The first political assignment is to have a one-on-one meet with all opposition party representatives before tomorrow.
Be the first to comment on "Patel meeting to the West Bengal CM agenda of the meeting stressed upon the important role Mamata needs to play"

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.16207
Retrieved Text: The globular balls at the tops of the puffball tree play an important role in maintaining the stability of the environment, by absorbing toxic gases from the atmosphere. The tree also absorbs the naturally occurring sodium from the soil, which will end up in the leaves of the tree. The Na'vi collect and eat the leaves as a source of salt for their diets.
A puffball tree (obesus rotundus) at scale with a Na'vi.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.031332
Retrieved Text: For many, fall is a favorite season because of the beauty, bright colors, and comfortable weather it brings with it. We all love the bright colors tree leaves change to, in fact, tree change viewing spots have even become tourist attractions. Hudson Valley has several great spots for viewing fall colors! While we love and look forward to this change, do you actually know why tree leaves change colors?
During spring and summer, tree leaves work hard to manufacture most of the food necessary for the tree’s growth. This food-making process takes place within a number of cells within the leaves. These cells contain chlorophyll. Chlorophyll is what makes leaves green in color. Chlorophyll absorbs energy from the sun that is used to transform carbon dioxide and water to carbohydrates (sugar and starch).
Along with these green pigmentations within tree leaves, there are also pigments of yellow and orange. However, these colors are masked most of the year by the huge amount of green pigmentation present within the tree leaves during the sunny months.
So, why do the yellow and orange pigments come through in the fall?
Because of changes in day length, and thus the amount of sunlight, as well as cooler temperatures, the leaves halt their food-making process.
When the food-making process is paused, the chlorophyll begins to break down.
During this breakdown, the green pigments begin to disappear and the vibrant yellow, and orange shades start to shine through.
During this change, other chemicals also form which allows for additional colors to develop (like red shades).
Temperature, light, and water supply

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.806536
Retrieved Text: Summary: Monica and Katie have been friends for years, but Monica is confused because now there are times when Katie is mean to her. She calls her names, talks about her in means ways to others, threatens Monica when she tries to play with mutual friends, and pointedly leaves her out of conversations and activities. Eventually Monica has no one to play with at recess so she starts to doubt herself and miss school because of stomachaches. Monica confesses her trouble with Katie to her mom who listens and helps her practice being more assertive via role-playing. The next day Monica confronts Katie in front of the other girls, and their relationship ends. Monica is sad about this loss, but she knows that real friends don’t treat each other the way Katie has treated her. She chooses to only be around people who really like her. Monica has new friends and no more stomachaches.
Hanna’s Comments: One benefit of this author’s books is the way she has the adult characters listening and then teaching appropriate coping strategies to the children. Be sure to check out the Forward by Susan Wellman, founder of the Ophelia Project. This introduction gives some details on emotional bullying aka relational aggression. In the back you’ll find Making a Difference: A Note to Parents & Teachers, a section called What can a Target do?, discussion questions, and lists of additional resources. Today’s book continues this week’s PBT focus on bullying before Anti-bullying week here in the US next week.
Idea(s) for Application: Read this

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.8022
Retrieved Text: What role does the tutor play in helping the student learn about her writing?
The role of a tutor is the ultimate multitasker. The tutor gathers information, reviews material, and determines how they can advise the student regarding their work. The tutor and the student work in a collaborative spirit while they both gain a deeper understanding of the writing process. The student leaves with enhanced writing skills and direction on how they plan to finish their project.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.697536
Retrieved Text: This week we have been noticing changes in the environment which means that it is Autumn. The children have been collecting conkers and leaves which they have noticed are turning into the lovely autumnal shades of brown, yellow and gold. Some children have begun to make their own autumn scenes and we plan to extend this next week by making an autumn display.
A few children made themselves a den on Monday. They wanted to make it very cosy and dark so we experimented with a variety of materials and comfy cushions. We decided to make this area a permanent feature so that the children have a small quiet zone to play in. We discussed where they would like to have it and decided on the area between the role play kitchen and the dressing up.
On Tuesday we had began our weekly sessions with Leo from A Star sports. He has been coming to do sessions with the children for some time now and the children have a lovely time going into the big hall in groups to do some fun games and activities. This will happen regularly on a Tuesday and we hope to arrange a different day next term so that other children who do not attend on that day will benefit from these sessions.
The dolls house has been very popular this week, in particular with the boys. It is lovely to see them role play the different characters and to hear their conversations. Another popular game has been the Georello which is a fantastic

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.690992
Retrieved Text: Microorganisms play a key role in facilitating the cycling of several elements in coastal environments, including nitrogen (N). N is a key component for maintaining high seagrass productivity and is often the limiting nutrient in marine environments. Seagrasses harbour an abundant and diverse microbial community (the ‘microbiome’), however their ecological and functional roles related to the seagrass host are still poorly understood, in particular regarding N cycling. Microorganisms capable of mineralising dissolved organic nitrogen (DON) may play a pivotal role in enhancing N availability in coastal environments such as seagrass meadows. Thus, the overall aim of my thesis was to enhance current understanding of abundance and diversity of the microbial community associated with seagrass meadows and their ecological role, with specific focus on N cycling. This was achieved by using molecular techniques together with 15N-enrichment experiments and nanoscale imaging techniques.
Firstly, I reviewed the literature on the potential effects that microorganisms associated with both the above- and belowground seagrass tissue may have on plant fitness and the relevance of the seagrass microbiome and I have highlighted literature gaps.
For my second chapter, I determined the abundance and community composition of bacteria and archaea associated with seagrass Posidonia sinuosa meadows in Marmion Marine Park, southwestern Australia. Data were collected from different seagrass meadows and meadow ‘microenvironments’, i.e. seagrass leaf surface, sediment and water column. I performed the quantitative polymerase chain reaction (q-PCR) targeting a series of bacterial and archaeal genes: 16S rRNA, ammonia oxidation genes (amoA) and genes involved in mineralisation of DON, via the urease enzyme (ureC). High-throughput

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.58508
Retrieved Text: Google will be the only component part of the media that grows this year. Attempting to keep up, Steve Ballmer of Microsoft insists that analogue media — newspapers, broadcast, that kind of thing — have 10 years left at best.
But on Planet Westminster, the old reflexes continue unhindered. The party leaders have initiated the bizarre rites deemed necessary to placate Rupert Murdoch ahead of an election.
22 June: David Yelland, the former editor of the Sun, is invited to Downing Street for a chat. He leaves three hours later.
26 June: Ofcom rules that BSkyB — one of the few UK outposts of News Corp that actually generates profits — should offer its sports and film channels to rival broadcasters at ‘regulated prices”. BSkyB pledges to ‘use all available avenues’to contest Ofcom’s findings.
6 July: David Cameron, the prospective prime minister of Great Britain, makes a speech in which he promises to ‘take power away from the political elite’by restricting the power of Britain’s 790 quangos. In particular, Cameron promises that if he is elected, Ofcom ‘as we know it will cease to exist”.
Its remit will be restricted to its narrow technical and enforcement roles. It will no longer play a role in making policy. And the policy-making functions it has today will be transferred back fully to the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.
Mr Murdoch? The ball’s in your court. . .

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.542934
Retrieved Text: sarguylasna Spanish plum tree or fruitSpondias purpurea (Linn.)The fruit is sometimes eaten as a snack food.
sari'sāri'adjThings are all different from each other.Kadāmu' klāsi 'ang tangkali' kag sari'sāri' da 'ang kulur.Kingfishers are of many kinds and the colors are all different.Sa pagkatāwu nang lapsag, sari'sāri' nga manga kagamitan 'ang ginabu'uy sa higdā'an nang lapsag.After the baby is born, all different things are put in the baby's crib.sari'sāri' kulur2Something is multi-colored.
sarswīlavarsarsuylana stage play involving local artistssynkulukyuvSomeone participates in a stage play.makasarswīla'Ang hambay naman nang 'ākun panugāngan, "Pwīdi da kamu 'adtu kung kasay na kamu."My parent-in-law said, "You two will still be able to participate in a stage play when you are already married."
sarukna sun hatUsed esp. in past times for field work in the sun.
sasna sash pinned across the chest used for special occasions.
sasavDry or semi-dry palm leaves are stripped off from the fronds in making shingles.gingsasaGingsasa na ni Nāna 'Arsing 'ang manga nīpa' kay magūyang na.The nipa leaves were stripped off [from the fronds] by Aunt Arsing because they were already old.Dry or semi-dry nipa leaves are used for shingles pāwud.sasāhunadjdry or semi-dry palm fronds are ready for stripping in preparation for making shinglesSasāhun na 'ang manga nīpa' ni Tāta Sinti.The nipa [fronds] of Uncle Cente are now ready for stripping.sinasastripped off palm leaves used for making shinglesGingbutang ni Bilma 'ang 'iya manga sinasa sa kustal.Her stripped off palm leaves [for shingles] were put into a sack by Vilma.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.536892
Retrieved Text: Our last day in Primary One!
Making clay sunflowers was great fun!
We had a toys' party to celebrate the end of our toy topic.
We brought in these old toys to show to our friends.
Genevieve the Goat came to visit us. She told us how to keep healthy.
We learnt that children wrote on slates in the olden days.
We had to make calling cards so that we could visit Mrs Bond in her big house.
This is Tommy's bedroom. There were some very interesting things in it!
This is how boys and girls would have dressed long ago.
It was fun playing with Tommy's toys.
The play park was great fun.
Heading back to school - tired but happy after a great day out!
We are learning about toys. We went to the museum to find out about old toys. The ride in the bus is always good fun!
Here we are outside the museum.
Sarah showed us lots of toys - we compared new toys with old toys.
We put these teddy bears in order from the oldest to the youngest.
It was fun playing with the old toys.
We made a toy all by ourselves - it was great fun!
Here we are back at school with the toys that we made.
One of our mummies came for a visit. She brought her baby so that we could find out what babies can or cannot do. We are going to bring in baby photographs in order to see how we have changed.
We went for a walk in order to find out what happens in the springtime.
These are our daffodils. We

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.502844
Retrieved Text: Coniferous trees are characterized by needle or scale like leaves and the presence of cones in matured trees. The naked seeds (not encased in fruits) of coniferous trees, reveal that they are more primitive than hardwood.
Also known as softwoods, coniferous trees are taxonomically classified under the order Coniferales and phylum Pinophyta. Since conifers are non-flowering, but seed producing plant, they are included in the plant group, gymnosperms. Besides cones, another characteristic feature of these trees are the needle or scale like leaves, which are very different from the broad shaped deciduous trees.
Identification of coniferous trees is done based on the leaves and cone. Say for example; pines and cedars have needle-shaped leaves, whereas scale like leaves are borne on matured cypress trees.
Majority of the coniferous trees are evergreen, meaning they retain their green foliage throughout the year. While a very few species (e.g., tamarack and bald cypress) shed their leaves annually (deciduous habit).
Coniferous trees are very diverse in their growth. There are coniferous shrubs as well, but the number of trees is higher than that of shrubs and bushes. The tallest tree species, redwood (about 300 feet tall and 8 feet wide) belongs to conifers.
Pine : The pine family consists of more than 100 species. Four types of leaves are borne in pine trees, viz. seed leaves, juvenile leaves, scale leaves, and needle leaves. These conifers are long-lived, some of which are known to survive for more than 1000 years.
Fir : It is grown for creating a privacy screen and defining landscape. Some cultivars of firs

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.49186
Retrieved Text: Here I like to ruminate about the energy fields by which we are all impacted and which exert their influence on us until the day our soul energy leaves the body. We all are defined by energy fields that are predetermined. Our DNA is an influential energy field in the creation of our being. But our DNA is not the only influential factor for what we will become. Also, we grow and adapt differently within the mother’s womb dependent upon maternal nutrition and lifestyle. But not only does the physical conditions play an important role in the making of our being but also the mother’s psychological and mental processes she experiences during her maternity. The relationship between a pregnant woman's psychological well-being and fetal well-being play also a role on the fetal development.
These energy fields are somehow limited to a one-on-one relationship. But with the expulsion from the womb we are thrust into a new sphere of an energy field. This energy field is also very complex with many factors beyond our sphere of control. But every energy field has an underlying system and a beginning. The beginning of our birth is connected to the energy field of a specific day. The energy field surrounding our birth is of utmost importance and plays a pivotal role in the continuation of our life's journey.
I also like to ruminate about the different calendars that are still used in different parts of this world. Actually, the different calendars may raise the question which calendar or energy field am I

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.455864
Retrieved Text: No lady would deny that jewellery is a must to make any outfit stand out. To express your individuality through your style is an art and jewellery can very well play the part!
If you are wearing a loud pattern dress, try keeping it lighter on the ears. Stud earrings in diamonds and gold works perfectly with almost any outfit. Add an elegant zest to your look and flaunt them in their beauty, with a stylish updo.
Want to make a bold statement? Adorn the delicate details of these valiant diamond necklaces. Pair them up perfectly with a subtle and elegant gown to put up a classy ensemble. The beautiful motifs are intricately carved, making these pieces sheer objects of elegance with a timeless appeal.
Planning to keep the night subtle? Pick these pretty pendants to go along with your evening dress to look your elegant best. Fit in the role of a fashionista, carrying these dainty jewellery pieces. Remember, keep it simple, keep it classy!
Pick from this gracious collection of diamond jewellery for your cocktail party and be sure to get your ticket to fame! So flaunt those gorgeous designs for a style that leaves everyone bewitched.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.440996
Retrieved Text: Nature Play is Currently in Session!
"Nature Play for Preschoolers" is a multi-sensory based program that combines the power of hands-on learning with creativity, cooperation, problem-solving, and most-importantly, FUN!
Each week, explorers will be introduced to different plants and animals, as well as the ecological role they play - in our backyards and beyond. Whether painting masterpieces with leaves, buzzing like bees, rolling over logs in search of bugs, hammering like woodpeckers, or singing like Cardinals, preschoolers will be engaged in the outdoors.
The program is composed of 6 weekly classes. Each play group is limited to 7 children and is filled on a first-come, first-serve basis.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.421164
Retrieved Text: Including textures in garden design adds depth and interest to your landscape. Blending different sizes and shapes is one aspect of this art. The surface quality of each plant also plays an essential role. You can see the difference with your eyes, but you will also want to reach out and engage your sense of touch. The balance of light and shade in your garden is another element that comes into play. Here are a few ideas to get you started as you explore the textural aspects of your garden.
Elephant’s ear and other varieties of hosta plants are valued for their shiny foliage. Their broad leaves are green accented with blue, yellow, or white. Many types of hosta are shade tolerant making them a versatile addition to any garden landscape. Individual hosta leaves can grow quite large, so use these “coarse” plants in moderation. Otherwise, they may visually overwhelm the less substantial vegetation in your garden.
Grasses, ferns, and other vegetation with fine, bladelike leaves offer delicate textures. In garden design, ornamental grasses such as Pampas are often used as accent features that provide movement as well as form. Coreopsis is a flowering plant (frequently used for edging) that features a bushy clump of fine, thread-thin leaves. Ferns deliver feathery texture that acts as a lovely backdrop for more solid forms.
Yucca, agave, and cactus are visually impressive with their blend of smooth skin and sharp spines. All of these plants thrive in hot weather but are also available in cold-hardy varieties. They don’t tolerate waterlogged soil; drainage

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.349564
Retrieved Text: Humans may not be the masters of the planet after all. A comprehensive new study illustrates how little humankind weighs in the planet's total biomass — and yet they cause a disproportionate, massive impact on it.
Plants grown in vinegars could have a greater tolerance for drought-like conditions than those grown in water or other organic acids.
Rising temperature brought by climate change is slowly making the Antarctic Peninsula a greener place.
Trees play a very important role in a healthy ecosystem, and the first ever global database of trees revealed that thousands of species are discovered to be under threat of extinction.
Could this be the first step in solving the global food crisis?
In addition to making plants into capacitors, the scientists also made fuel cells that work inside plants to turn their sugars into energy.
Carnivorous plants are few and far in between, and all of them took a similar evolutionary turn to develop their meat-eating habits.
The Galápagos land iguana (Conolophus subcristatus) has been revealed play an important role in dispersing seeds and ensuring the survival of indigenous and introduced plants plant species on Fernandina Island.
NASA is going to push through its second space-based investigation in Earth Venture-Mission series.
The Philodoria species is well known in Hawaii as micromoths that are roughly the size of a human eyelash. Chris Johns, a biology Ph.D. student of the University of Florida and a National Geographic explorer, has been striving to promote awareness of the plight of this threatened species due to their highly specific diet.
Too much rain when paired with prolonged high

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.300339
Retrieved Text: Carrie Fisher’s daughter, Billie Lourd, confirms she’s not playing a young Princess Leia in Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Fisher’s 22-year-old daughter is set to have a role in the upcoming Star Wars flick – and for obvious reasons, much of the Internet speculated she would play a young Leia in a flashback sequence. But the Scream Queens actress put those rumors to rest when she sat down with ET’s Cameron Mathison.
This leaves us with plenty more speculating to do – and while Billie couldn’t say much about her role, she did tell us what she could about the anticipated film.
There you have it, folks. No flashback Leia scenes for us!
What kind of character do you think Billie Lourd will play? Let us know in the comments below – or chat with our full-time Star Wars fanatic and part-time Jedi @AshCrossan on Twitter.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.276611
Retrieved Text: Hej Organic is a German brand founded in 2016 in Germany that creates vegan natural cosmetics that are not tested on animals and are produced in cooperation with local manufacturers.
The nourishing face tonic has a very fresh scent and cleans the skin deeply. It contains grapefruit extract and prickly pear blossom water that moisturize and nourish the skin. It is used after cleansing the face, removes skin impurities and leaves the skin purified and refreshed.
The Face Cream also contains grapefruit extract and prickly pear blossom water to moisturize and nourish the skin and provide it with new vitality. The face cream has an SPF 15. During the colder days it is important to protect the skin against the sun too and with the prickly pear oil and the argan oil the face cream is very nourishing and has an antioxidant effect. The cream has a fresh scent and a rather thick consistency but it soaks into the skin very quickly and leaves it nourished, protected and soft.
We like the philosophy of the brand and also the simple but still catchy design.
The products we have used so far are perfectly tolerated by our skin and very effective, leaving our skin perfectly cared for.
The threepenny opera, a play by Bertolt Brecht with music by Kurt Weil plays at the Theater Basel now. The threepenny opera contrasts two prototypes of capitalist order. Macheath, known as Mac the knife, womanizer and boss of a London gangster organization and Jonathan Peachum, the proprietor of the company The Beggar's Friend. As Mac

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.157774
Retrieved Text: Perfectly suitable and manageable, Tristar Grill with Stainless Steel Casing GR-2846 makes delicious sandwiches for the loved ones. Modern and very luxurious Grill with stainless steel cover, and a steel handle that provides easy caring. With all family together and children involved, it will be the best investment with tasty, appetizing and quick snacks when there is no much time for making a boiled meal. Ideal for preparing fish, meat, sausages in the mornings or at weekends. By grilling, meat preserves more riboflavin and thiamine, nutrients that play a vital role in a healthy diet. Entertainment and excellently baked food guaranteed!
Tristar Grill with Stainless Steel Casing GR-2846 comes with a cover plate that leaves meat and sandwiches crispy and delicious. With built-in handles and non-slip feet, it stays in one place and provides security. It contains cord compartment. With non-stick coating, it prevents an unneeded grease on baked food.
Before using the Grill, it is important that you read the instructions that came with your Tristar Grill with Stainless Steel Casing GR-2846.
Taking proper safety precautions can prevent injuries and fires/burns.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.144878
Retrieved Text: inspired by and featuring content from Alex Veal, VP of Ops, intice.
“I’m not buying today” is a customer who views a few vehicles and leaves your site without converting to a lead.
To have a strong working knowledge of marketing today, it is important to understand the role that data analytics play in it. Specifically an understanding what constitutes success is paramount to navigating today's world of digital marketing. Many of the marketing gurus may not have the personal experience with selling cars in the real world and lack the insights that are important when defining the success of Automotive Digital Marketing for Dealership Managers. In this series; Google Analytics for the Dealership Manager, we aim to demystify Google Analytics, educate Dealership Managers and create useful ways to gain insights from GA and apply them to daily decision making.
The biggest challenge for a dealership website is converting visitors into customers. One of the best ways, is to ensure that people visiting your site can quickly and easily find what they are looking for- so they can give you an in-person visit.
So how can a dealership presence online make the customer journey as pleasant and rewarding as possible?

================



======= Instance Index 347 =========
Input Text: A scale is necessary to determine

Which is the correct answer?
- BMI
- CNA
- DNA
- XFL

Target Text: BMI

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.778992
Retrieved Text: Most small-scale industries lack finance as start up or working capital for their business but could not mobilize such fund easily from commercial banks.Procurement of machinery and equipment post problems on small-scale industries and management expertise as a result had not been functioning optimally. Most small-scale industries because of their small nature are unable to compete with the big ones for the necessary raw material for their production and are unable to to produce massively to take advantages of economic of scale.
The purpose of the study are as follows to determine how the development bank have helped to provide finance to small-scale industries as start up or working capital for the business.To determine how Nigeria banks help to procure machines and equipment for small-scale industries either through leasing or here purchase to encourage massive production.To determine how development bank has helped to provide technical and managerial expertise including undertaking of feasibility of consultancy arrangement.To find our how the development banks will be able to provide adequate raw material for the small-scale industries to encourage massive production so that they will be able to compete with the large scale industries.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.990906
Retrieved Text: Supplemental Notice to WSR 18-12-065.
Preproposal statement of inquiry was filed as WSR 18-09-027.
Title of Rule and Other Identifying Information: The department is proposing to amend WAC 388-828-4200 What activities are assessed in the home living activities subscale of the support needs scale?, 388-828-4220 What activities are assessed in the community living activities subscale of the support needs scale?, 388-828-4240 What activities are assessed in the lifelong learning activities subscale of the support needs scale?, 388-828-4260 What activities are assessed in the employment activities subscale of the support needs scale?, 388-828-4280 What activities are assessed in the health and safety activities subscale of the support needs scale?, 388-828-4300 What activities are assessed in the social activities subscale of the support needs scale?, 388-828-4320 What activities are assessed in the supplemental protection and advocacy activities subscale?, 388-828-4360 What exceptional medical support activities are evaluated to assess your medical support needs?, 388-828-4380 What exceptional behavioral support activities are evaluated to assess your behavioral support needs?, 388-828-4400 How does DDD determine if you meet the eligibility requirements for ICF/MR level of care if you are age sixteen or older?, 388-828-5460 How does DDD determine your ADL support needs score if you are age sixteen or older?, 388-828-5700 How does DDD determine your medical acuity level?, 388-828-5800 How does DDD determine your interpersonal support needs score if you are age sixteen or older?, 388-828-5900 How does DDD determine your mobility acuity level if you are age sixteen or older?, 388-828-8040 How does DDD determine which health and welfare needs must be

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.936693
Retrieved Text: Nanoscale patterning of materials at scales of less than 20nm remains a challenging problem. Standard techniques, such as lithography, rely on electron and photon beams to shape materials, yet these methods are difficult to employ at the sub 50nm scale. We consider the possibility of employing natural interface instabilities during solidification in order to reliably produce desirable structures. Existing continuum methods for complicated materials may break down at these scales, while direct atomistic simulation is computationally infeasible. The primary objective of the thesis is to develop methods capable of efficiently resolving the atomistic computations which may eventually be solved concurrently with continuum scale approaches. In the present work we develop atomistic algorithms to furnish closures for continuum methods. We develop novel molecular techniques capable of resolving detail only about an interface with non-periodic boundaries and accelerated by GPUs. The new algorithms provide a method to determine interfacial dynamics based on local curvature, employing wedge shaped domains. These dynamics lead to continuum closures which are used to determine necessary physical parameters to enable dendritic patterning at the sub 20nm scale.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.701921
Retrieved Text: Breast Reduction Covered By Insurance | Will Insurance Cover Breast Reduction?
How do you determine whether your breast reduction surgery will qualify for insurance coverage?
Considering breast reduction surgery? Not sure if your insurance covers breast reduction or whether you are eligible? Can't seem to find any one who knows the answer to your questions? We're here to help. At the Breast Reduction Center Los Angeles, we are asked these and other question every day by patients who just want to understand what their options are and what they are entitled to as a health insurance policy holders.
What are the general Breast Reduction insurance requirements?
Most insurance carriers will offer breast reduction covered by insurance as long as it meets certain requirements to be deemed "medically necessary". Traditionally the main point an insurance company considers is the amount of tissue to be removed from each breast. Most major insurance companies have established basic criteria as to the amount of tissue that must be removed relative to a patient's height and weight. However, these days insurance companies are beginning to focus more and more on patient's symptoms in order to determine whether breast reduction is medically necessary. Health concerns such as back and neck pain, or skin rash developing in the skin underneath one's breasts may be sufficient to qualify a patient for insurance coverage for breast reduction. Typically any procedure in which the breasts are reduced by less than two cup sizes is categorized as a breast lift and will not be covered by insurance.
"Everyone at the Breast Reduction

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.540075
Retrieved Text: United States Antimony Corporation (NYSEMKT:UAMY) the CEO announced that no shareholder dilution or debt is necessary and UAMY will seek to internally fund continued growth. stock has been forming a powerful bowl pattern and now on the uptrend on increasing volume. The share price has surged on recent developments of test results from one of its locations. UAMY has more than doubled since hitting it 52-week low and hit an intraday high of $0.43 and ended the day flat.
The company recently announced that testing has begun at Los Juarez Mill and provided an update on the progress. UAMY is testing in order to determine whether a cyanide leach circuit is necessary. If it is not required, then no further permitting is foreseen to commence pilot scale production. US Antimony is a growing, vertically-integrated natural resource company that has production and diversified operations in precious metals, zeolite and antimony.
The current game plan is to test every portion of the operation on a pilot scale that will run up to 100 tons per day. There are currently four stages that is part of the operations. Installation at the Madero smelter to process flotation concentrates is close to completion. Stage two is to determine whether selective mining is possible and to determine if cyanide circuit at a different mill is required. Third stage is the installation of the cyanide leach plant if necessary. Fourth is the installation of the 500 ton per day mill to reduce costs for trucking material.
UAMY is currently trading at a $24 million market valuation.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.820295
Retrieved Text: We propose a multiscale model for what consists of ab initio calculation, molecular dynamics simulation and a quasicontinuum model. First, we develop the interatomic interaction of the Cu/Al2O3 interface which is reproduced on the basis of the results of rigid tensile tests of ab initio calculations. Next, we analyze the Cu/Al2O3 interface via.a quasicontinuum model, using the interlayer potential identified above. The quasicontinuum model has been developed for large-scale atomistic simulations. In this approach, the number of degrees of freedom is much reduced in comparison to molecular dynamics, so that the computational time is significantly decreased. The atomistic-scale Cu/Al2O3 interface is investigated to determine the versatility of the quasicontinuum model. Relaxation simulations of the Cu/Al2O3 interface are carried out for both "large-scale analysis" and "small-scale analysis" via a quasicontinuum model. The influence of misfit in small-scale analysis is found to be much larger than the large-scale analysis upon comparing the displacement of atoms. We conclude that the results of the atomistic simulations with different sizes of the analytical region are strongly affected by the mechanical boundary conditions, and to obtain the accurate mechanical properties of interface, it is necessary to calculate with real size we subject of. The quasicontinuum method has great potential to realize an atomistic-continuum multiscale simulation.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.630556
Retrieved Text: Ice-Blaster™ is a nickel-safe ice machine cleaner and limescale remover.
Ice-Blaster™ is especially formulated phosphoric/citric food-grade item, developed and produced at Gur Tecnologies to remove scale deposits found in ice making machines with tin or nickel plated evaporators. It is suitable for use in Manitowoc machines, as well as machines using nickel made by other manufacturers.
Ice-Blaster™ is the industry's first nickel-safe product, was introduced to the market in conjunction with Manitowoc. Manufacturers' instructions should determine usage rates. Otherwise, use 15 fl.oz with 3 gallons of water.
Designed for removing lime scale deposits from coffee urns, equipment and ice machines.
Formulated to protected nickel plating and other soft metals.
2. Turn refrigerator off, but leave pump on.
3. Drain and flush evaporator.
4. Refill with water prior to adding Coil-Blaster to the sump.
5. One 0.5 Liter bottle will clean a system with up to 12 Liters (3 gallons) of water.
6. Allow cleaner to circulate in system for approximately 20 - 30 minutes before flushing thoroughly with water.
7. If heavy scale is present, a second application may be necessary.
8. After scale has been removed, drain and flush system twice.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.491611
Retrieved Text: The numerous cleaning problems and the wide choice of additives offered by us (KEBOPLEX Types, KEBOSOL Types, KEBOCLEAN Types), inhibitors (LITHSOLVENT Types) and cleaning solutions ready for use imply a detailed consulting prior to the beginning of the cleaning.
Chemical cleanings of plant parts are always necessary when the heat transfer surfaces are contaminated and therefore, the cooling or heating steps of a process are not ensured anymore. Such plants are e.g. boilers, cooling towers and water-supply lines where disturbing pressure losses occur.
The reason for such contaminations can be precipitations of suspended solids, adhesion of solid matters (fouling) washed out in the cooling tower, formation of corrosion products, adhesion of microorganisms.
Prior to a chemical cleaning the scale has to be analyzed and the material composition of the object should be known. Incompatibilities between the cleaning liquid and the materials have to be excluded. If necessary, endangered fittings have to disassembled or by-passed.
Solubility tests should be carried out with a scale sample to be able to determine the kind of acid, its concentration and the necessary temperature.
At boiler operation as well as at the concentration of juices in the food industry scales may be formed which cannot easily be dissolved in acid. In such cases the deposits have to be converted into acid soluble solid matter.
For the removal of fat and oil completely different cleaning procedures are necessary. In this case not only simple degreasing agents on aqueous basis but also pure organic solvents are applied depending on the kind of contamination resp. on which type of disposal

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.484777
Retrieved Text: Tremain is our newest Vine Lines contributor and has experience in vineyards in Italy, New Zealand, and Virginia. He is a Viticulture Research/Extension Associate for Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University.
A lot of equipment is designed for large vineyards, so introducing new technology on a smaller scale can be a balancing act.
Follow these tips to determine how much fence you’ll need.
Prioritization and compromise are sometimes necessary in a challenging growing environment.
Getting out in your neighbor’s vineyard can help improve your own.
Local challenges hit home for grape growers thanks to the environment in which they farm.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.453392
Retrieved Text: The basic objective of any investigation is to prevent a recurrence. In order to do this the first step is to gather information to determine the chain of events leading up to the accident/incident; the root causes of the accident/incident and any contributory factors that affected the scale of the consequences and; the remedial actions necessary to prevent a recurrence. We can assist in undertaking any investigation and formulating (and instigating) plans to prevent recurrence. We would be delighted to discuss your specific requirements.
Please view our Case Studies, where you will find examples of investigations we have conducted/assisted with.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.241589
Retrieved Text: Xcellerex XDR single-use, stirred-tank bioreactors are well-characterized systems that deliver a performance comparable with that of conventional bioreactors from process development to manufacturing scale. The technology has been successfully used in a variety of different applications including mammalian suspension cell culture, microbial fermentation and cultivation of adherent cells using microcarriers.
Hosted by Patrick Guertin, Senior Manager, Upstream Process Development and Pilot Plant, Xcellerex, now part of GE Healthcare Life Sciences. Mr. Guertin has 25 years of experience and significant expertise in upstream process development, pilot plant operations and cGMP manufacturing for recombinant therapeutics, monoclonal antibodies and vaccines. His skill set also includes process optimization and scale-up and down procedures in microcarrier, fed-batch and perfusion modes.
What would you say are the key components to successful implementation of a single use system for manufacturing biologics in CHO cells? Are there important tips you could share?
If you were going to transition vaccine production from roller bottles to bioreactors using microcarriers, what steps would be necessary to both determine the appropriate bioreactor configuration? How would you begin to explore this process?
I have heard that there are cost savings to be had with switching to single-use bioreactors in biopharmaceutical manufacturing. Can you please outline how that is achieved?
When training staff who have been used to stainless steel bioreactors, what are the differences for operations when running single-use bioreactors? How much training is necessary to switch?
What are your best tips for succeeding with scale-up from process development to pilot scale and then to large-scale manufacturing? We have a CHO process that delivers well

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.19259
Retrieved Text: Light microscopes can magnify objects by up to 1,000 times. These objects may be much too small to measure with a ruler, which makes knowing the size of the field of view -- the size of the area visible through your microscope -- a useful piece of information. Calculating the field of view in a light microscope allows you to determine the approximate size of the specimens that are being examined.
Set your microscope to its lowest magnification and note the magnification power. Position your slide scale -- a microscope slide marked with measurements -- or your clear ruler under your microscope. Bring the ruler or scale into focus.
Move the scale over so that a scale bar, or line on the ruler, is at the farthest left edge of the field of view. Estimate the number of scale bars and spaces that go across your field of view. Estimate the fraction of a scale bar remaining at the far right, if necessary. You should now have a measurement such as 1.5 millimetres.
Calculate the size of the field of view for higher powers of magnification for your microscope using the following equation: low power magnification divided by high power magnification times low power field diameter in millimetres.
Repeat your field of vision calculation for each new microscope, as the field of view may vary slightly between brands or individual units. Your magnification factor will be the power of the objective lens, which you can change to increase the magnification, times the power of the eyepiece.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.191984
Retrieved Text: This research examines how proximity to wind farms influences public perceptions of wind energy in Vermont. Despite overall public support for wind energy in Vermont, opposition to specific utility-scale wind energy facilities arises, commonly by those people living adjacent to the site of the proposed development. Often, the NIMBY explanation is used to characterize the geographic schism that emerges. Under this explanation, it is theorized that the closer an individual is in proximity to a wind farm, the greater their opposition or negative attitudes towards it will be, referred to as the ‘proximity hypothesis.’ A questionnaire was developed to determine what influence proximity has on public perceptions of wind energy in Vermont. Results indicate that the majority of respondents support wind energy; further, distance to Georgia Mountain Community Wind farm was not found to influence attitudes towards wind energy. Further, environmental and political factors shape local perceptions of wind energy. As Vermont transitions to a local, renewable energy system, managing public perception and addressing municipal concerns towards wind energy will become increasingly important. While tradeoffs are inherent with any energy-generation facility, utility-scale wind energy facilities will increasingly expand to locations that Vermont communities value for aesthetic or environmental reasons; consequently, a degree of public resistance is unavoidable. Thus, decision-making that engages individuals from different interests in Vermont is necessary to determine the future of wind energy in Vermont.
Pidala, Nicole, "Public Perceptions of Wind Energy in Vermont: The Role of Physical, Social, and Environmental Parameters in the Vermont Wind Energy Debate" (2017). UVM Honors College Senior Theses.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.917617
Retrieved Text: Australian house plan designs Architect’s drawings are the first step to having a unique, custom home. These drawings show how the house consists, as well as the location and orientation of the interior rooms. Traditional architects are preparing the drawings, but many cities allow homeowners to put the design together. You can make drawings with traditional pen and parchment or use computer programs available at big-box stores or via the Internet.
Check with the building department for the requirements when it permits drawing. A state set usually requires Australian house plan, heights, sections and construction details. Many municipalities require an architect, so you may not be able to draw permit plans without a licensed professional. Decide which rooms you would like to have in your house. When listing rooms to include, do not forget the necessary closets and storage. Calculate the required square meter for each room. For example, a small bedroom can only need 100 square meters, but a large bedroom can require more than 200 square meters.
Determine the style and material you want for your house. You may prefer a Australian house plan, which requires wooden paneling and extensive details. However, you may prefer a colonial style, consisting of bricks. There are many styles to choose from, so research the options before you begin your design. Determine the scale you will draw the plans. The state department usually has proposed scales. Often house plans are drawn at 1/8 inch or 1/4 inch equivalent to 1 foot. This means one foot of distance equals 1/8 inch

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.879355
Retrieved Text: Bulk mail advertising is very widespread. Virtually every home and business in the United States receives a huge amount of advertising literature. This may come in the form of product catalogs, color postcards, folded brochures, inserts or any other format that the advertising world can dream of. Unusual shapes and formats are often used in order to capture the reader’s attention. There are a significant number of postal regulations that must be followed for this type of mail. Postal fees are closely tied to the weight of the advertising piece. Of course the address, return address, and the postal permit information must all be in the correct place, and the correct size. In order to take advantage of lower postal rates, the advertiser will often arrange for some type of bulk mail permit. There are postal requirements for these reduced rates, including bundling similar postal codes together, along with the appropriate information as to the number of pieces in the bundle. The exact number of items within any bundle is often determined by weight. If the weight of a single piece has been accurately measured, then the total number of items in a bundle, or a stack of mail, or even a cart full of pieces may be easily calculated. Of course the scales that are used for this purpose must be very accurate, easy to use, and quite rugged. Most often, the type of scale chosen is called a Parts Counting Scale. This scale has the ability to calculate an individual piece weight of the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.8665285
Retrieved Text: Large-scale testing is necessary to verify a specific sprinkler’s performance in order for the sprinkler to become listed and approved. By using computational fluid dynamics, the cost and time of this certification process could be reduced. The goal of this project is to determine how accurately the Fire Dynamics Simulator (FDS) 6 can predict the distribution of water of an automatic fire sprinkler by inputting the manufacturer’s specifications and measured characteristics: spray angle, spray offset, initial velocity and droplet size. A sensitivity analysis was completed to document the relative importance of each model input in the FDS 6 simulation. Future testing should include simpler methods for obtaining the model inputs as well as a larger sample size of different fire sprinklers.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.81215
Retrieved Text: new site: Trying To Build Muscle? Make It Simpler With These Tips!
Remember that it is never a good idea to use the scale to determine your progress when you are trying to build muscle. If you find that your scale is increasing in numbers, remember that you just might be losing fat while gaining muscle.
As you can see, there's a lot more to building muscles than just hitting the gym every day. After reading this article, you should understand what to do to get started. If you use the tips you just read about, you'll see the results you hoped for before you know it.
Make the "big three" a part of your daily workout routine. These three exercises include: the deadlift, squat and bench press. These particular exercises are known to help build bulk, strength and condition your muscles each time they are done and should be included in your routine for maximum muscle building success.
Building muscle can be simple, fun and fast if you know what you're doing. As you're really smart, you've sought out the information necessary to do just that. Great job! Continue reading this article for tips and tricks to get started building muscle, changing your body, and freeing your mind!
Keep in mind that muscle building is more than just going to the gym many times a week. If you want to get the right results, you need the right approach. Use this article's tips to create a body building routine that is optimal for your wants and needs.
You may be tempted

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.770093
Retrieved Text: Waha K, van Wijk MT, Fritz S, See L, Thornton PK, Wichern J, & Herrero M (2018). Agricultural diversification as an important strategy for achieving food security in Africa. Global Change Biology 24 (8): 3390-3400. DOI:10.1111/gcb.14158.
Farmers in Africa have long adapted to climatic and other risks by diversifying their farming activities. Using a multi-scale approach we explore the relationship between farming diversity and food security and the diversification potential of African agriculture and its limits on the household and continental scale.
On the household scale we use agricultural surveys from more than 28,000 households located in 18 African countries. In a next step we use the relationship between rainfall, rainfall variability and farming diversity to determine the available diversification options for farmers on the continental scale. On the household scale, we show that households with greater farming diversity are more successful in meeting their consumption needs, but only up to a certain level of diversity per ha cropland and more often if food can be purchased from off-farm income or income from farm sales. More diverse farming systems can contribute to household food security, however the relationship is influenced by other factors e.g. the market-orientation of a household, livestock ownership, non-agricultural employment opportunities and available land resources. On the continental scale, the greatest opportunities for diversification of food crops, cash crops and livestock are located in areas with 500-1000mm annual rainfall and 17-22% rainfall variability. Forty three percent of the African cropland lacks these opportunities at present which may hamper the ability of agricultural systems to respond

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.744841
Retrieved Text: WEBTAX provides you the choice of all electronic options available in the industry. Electronic filing is available until October 15.
WEBTAX will electronically file your pre-prepared return.
Let us develop an accounting service to fit your business needs. We offer all levels of accounting service. From full scale monthly accounting to quarterly or annual service.
We can help you start your own business and help you determine which business structure is right for you. We will prepare all forms necessary to get you started.
Avoid costly penalties. Let us assist you in determining how much tax will be due on your upcoming tax return. You may be surprised how much you can save with the proper tax planning.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.7313795
Retrieved Text: While many components of smart grid systems, such as smart meters, are in place with a number of utilities, until just recently, there hasn’t been a comprehensive and full-scale smart grid in place.
But an $800 million (USD) Florida Light and Power (FPL) project integrates all of the components necessary for a true smart grid, and is now networked and capable of monitoring and controlling every aspect of it.
This project, said to be the first of its kind (at least in terms of scope and scale), uses thousands of sensors at key places in the grid, including local distribution lines, substations, transformers, and high-voltage lines, which are used to feed back data to the utility for monitoring.
Altogether, FPL’s smart grid has 4.6 million smart meters and more than 10,000 other devices on it, enabling the utility to determine the health of individual components on it, as well as use the real-time data to help reduce power outages. In addition, now consumers have access to their data to help inform their own usage.
The project was funded in part with $200 million from the U.S. Department of Energy.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.717467
Retrieved Text: With this tool the completeness of all the enterprise functions becomes available. This tool is especially used for ABODE™ projects, but is also applicable for other purposes.
Through the use of the so-called ACF or Application Comparison Framework with which not only the functionalities of different organizations can be compared, but also an assessment on the applications in use can be performed to determine duplication, large overlaps, etc. During Application Rationalization project,s where organizations are merged or acquired, determining duplication of applications with totally different names is often necessary.
During Application Rationalization it is necessary to estimate the functionality value of different applications and determine the right rationalization scenario for different applications together with the technological value. The technological value can be assessed by analyzing the source code, etc. but the business value assessment has to be performed via functionality mapping and business surveys.
Process activities sometimes need special skills. With this assessment tool it is possible to compare the available competencies and capabilities (As Is – available resources) with the necessary competencies and capabilities (To Be situation).
With this assessment tool the maturity of the organization compared to the EA3.0™ can be made with different surveys delivering detailed reports on all architectural domains.
This assessment is especially applicable when starting an Enterprise Architect or Information Design programme or project. More than once Enterprise Architect found that early stage business process models lack all necessary process activities. The ideas of the designers are fed with the ideas of business people. Both, however, lack insight of all necessary steps of the business

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.625427
Retrieved Text: *** All Clients are required to use a calorie counter such as MyFitnessPal App, a food scale and a weight scale.
*** After the purchase of a coaching or training package, you will be contacted within 24 hours via email with a intake form. Please fill out and return.
Q: How do I get a flat stomach?
The two best types of exercises to achieve a flat stomach are strength training and cardiovascular exercises.
Q: Should I do cardio first or last?
Cardio should be done after weight training.
No, unless instructed by your doctor. Dietary supplements are just there to help; but they are not necessary.
Soreness is a result of high force production after you perform an exercise that is new or use a greater load than normal.
Q: How do I get rid of flabby arms?
One of the biggest exercise myths is that you can lose fat in an area of the body by strength training or exercising that specific part of your body. The truth: we can not spot reduce fat. Fat is burned from the body as a whole, not just one specific area. Certain factors, especially genetics, determine where fat will burn first or last.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.622243
Retrieved Text: Chapter 5 Map Scale and Generalization Concepts Scale Scale is the relationship between distance on the map and distance on the ground. Selecting the appropriate scale depends on the size of the sheet of paper and the accurate placement of features.
Scale is the relationship between distance on the map and distance on the ground.
Selecting the appropriate scale depends on the size of the sheet of paper and the accurate placement of features.
A word statement gives a written description of scale, such as "One centimeter equals one kilometer" or "One centimeter equals ten kilometers."
A ratio or representative fraction (RF) indicates how many units on the earth's surface is equal to one unit on the map. It can be expressed as 1/100,000 or 1:100,000.
It is simply a line marked with distance on the ground which the map user can use along with a ruler to determine scale on the map.
In the U.S., a graphic scale often includes both metric and U.S. common units.
How to Measure Distances on a Map?
Find the scale for the map you're going to use - it might be a ruler-looking bar scale or a written scale, in words or numbers.
Use a ruler to measure the distance between the two places. If the line is quite curved, use a string to determine the distance and then measure the string.
If the scale is a word statement (i.e. "One centimeter equals one kilometer") then determine the distance.
For a graphic scale, you'll need to measure the graphic and divide the scale into the measured units on the ruler.
Watch

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.6221
Retrieved Text: WHAT IS AN EVALUATION FORM?
An evaluation form is a document used to measure an employee's workplace performance. One of the keys to the success of your performance management process is to have good employee evaluation forms.
In order to further an employee's personal and professional development, management should provide opportunities for feedback and growth. Feedback can occur on a casual basis via email or during one-on-one conversations. A more formal approach would be during a performance review meeting. This specifically focuses on an employee's performance as it relates to that individual's roles and responsibilities.
The key to an employee evaluation form is making sure you collect all the necessary information in one easy-to-understand sheet. Once you figure out what aspects of performance are important to you, make sure those are well represented on the form either on a numeric scale or in an open-ended form for more elaborate feedback. SmartDraw makes creating forms easy by including a number of commonly used employee evaluation form templates. Just open one of these templates and customize them to suite your needs. Add your own company logo, change one or two performance metrics, and print.
Make it easy to use. Ensure that the information your evaluation form seeks is clear and concise. Provide easy-to-understand instructions for the employee and manager as they complete the form. It should provide HR and executives the information they need to make strategic decisions about the workforce. You may choose to encourage managers to use the S.M.A.R.T. (specific, measurable, achievable, and time-bound) goal methodology when defining goals for

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.610988
Retrieved Text: How do we know when a chord becomes a scale and vice versa if they are both two sides of the same coin? The short answer is we cannot. A chord that is spread out that has 5 notes can be seen both as a scale and as a chord depending on the context. So we have to generalise a bit a set some “rules” as to when different concepts become other concepts. A good limiting value is the number of notes a concept has.
A note is simply that. It contains 1 note. An interval has 2 notes and cannot contain any more notes. A simple chord is a triad and it has 3 notes. This lacks the 7th note so it is not considered as a “complete chord” so we just name it a triad.
A four note chord is a chord that has all the necessary information needed to determine the chord quality (contains the root, third, fifth and seventh). As the name suggest it contains 4 notes. Adding notes to that chord does not change the fundamental value of the chord and just adds nuance and “colour” to it. That is why a four note chord is considered as fundamentally as a “complete chord” and we name is simply as a chord. Anything containing 5 or more notes is then considered a scale. The most typical scales contain 5 (pentatonic),6 (hexatonic) ,7 (heptatonic) ,8 (octatonic) and 12 (chromatic) notes respectively. More on that in the next section. Below is a table that shows the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.5817995
Retrieved Text: What is the Perceived Exertion Scale?
To explain the Borg scale in more detail, at the bottom of the scale – 6 – no exertion takes place; at the top of the scale – 20 – maximum effort is taking place.
The measurement of exertion is a very individualistic thing and can vary among people doing the same activity at the same pace. For example, if you have an exercise partner not in as good of shape as you, she may perceive a higher level of exertion than you.
While perceived exertion levels are somewhat subjective, when combined with the talk test (also subjective) and your target heart rate (objective, as it is something you can measure by taking your pulse), you have a fairly accurate perception of your exertion level.
From there, you can adjust it as necessary according to your fitness goal or at least your desired result from that specific activity at that point in time. The point being your perceived exertion level can vary according to the activity you are performing.
Talk Test – You can determine your level of physical activity by how many words you can say when talking while exercising. If you are at a high vigorous level, you should only be able to say a few words at a time.
Target heart rate – When working out, you should stay in the 80% to 90% of your maximum heart rate. To find your target heart rate, take 220 minus your age. Then multiply that figure by 80% or 90%. Monitor your heart rate and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.487115
Retrieved Text: How can I determine how many IOPs I need for my AWS RDS database?
I am migrating part of a mysql database into AWS. The data in question is 99% write, and each row has about 1k of varchar fields, a datetime and 4 ints.
I estimate that we will need between 20-25k records inserted/hour during peak times.
I ran iostat -h on the current database, and it reported around 40 tps.
How do I figure out what type of IOPS I'll need?
You'll have to test it.
You could do some back of the envelope calculations to approximate the number of I/Os per insert, multiply it by the number of transactions per second, add in some buffer room etc, but it's much easier to just test it.
The easiest thing to do is to allocate a best guess, then go back and increase or decrease it to match you're real world testing. This is one of the luxuries of using a cloud based environment, hardware changes are low in capital costs and such changes usually require only config updates. With EBS volumes you can't just increase the number of IOPS, you'd have to scale up the size of the volume as well1. You can always just create a new volume and copy your data over. There will be some downtime but if you're data isn't huge it shouldn't be much as it'd be a raw copy.
Here's a guess at the number of I/Os necessary. Again it's just a guess though as the specifics depend on the number of indexes and whether your

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.356409
Retrieved Text: Weight is a common factor that people often reference when determining the quality of their own general health. While there are standards that correlate the relationship of weight to one’s condition of health, the true significance of one’s weight must be measured by more than just what is on the scale. There are actually many factors that separate a healthy weight from unhealthy weight. Since everybody’s body is slightly different, a scale can only offer a single component necessary for comparing one’s mass to that of a generic cross section of people with similar dimensions. To more accurately and personally determine the relation of one’s weight to their own personal physical chemistry, the Body Mass Index (BMI) is a heuristic way of estimating the overall weight ratio quality.
The BMI was invented in the mid 1800s by a Belgian statistician named Adolphe Quetelet. The original name for this formula was the Quetelet Index, but in 1972 it was change to the BMI by a scientist named Ancel Keys who slightly modified the equation from its original form and popularized it in the West. Using a mathematic equation, Quetelet asserted that it was possible to determine one’s ideal weight for their height. Keys went further to suggest that the BMI could be used as a proxy of measurement for quickly determining the fat content ratio of a population sampling for the purposes of charting the then burgeoning epidemic of obesity. However, the formula’s simplicity and popularity soon caused many practitioners and health professionals to begin applying the formula

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.299818
Retrieved Text: Welcome to The Determine the Scale Factor Between Two Triangles and Determine the Missing Lengths (Whole Number Scale Factors) (A) Math Worksheet from the Geometry Worksheets Page at Math-Drills.com. This Geometry Worksheet may be printed, downloaded or saved and used in your classroom, home school, or other educational environment to help someone learn math.
Description: The Determine the Scale Factor Between Two Triangles and Determine the Missing Lengths (Whole Number Scale Factors) (A) Math Worksheet from the Geometry Worksheets Page at Math-Drills.com.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.282299
Retrieved Text: Welcome to The Determine the Scale Factor Between Two Triangles and Determine the Missing Lengths (Scale Factors in Increments of 0.1) (A) Math Worksheet from the Geometry Worksheets Page at Math-Drills.com. This Geometry Worksheet may be printed, downloaded or saved and used in your classroom, home school, or other educational environment to help someone learn math.
Description: The Determine the Scale Factor Between Two Triangles and Determine the Missing Lengths (Scale Factors in Increments of 0.1) (A) Math Worksheet from the Geometry Worksheets Page at Math-Drills.com.

================



======= Instance Index 447 =========
Input Text: Large fins

Which is the correct answer?
- speeds up eating time
- slows down swimming pace
- improve appearance of fish
- allows for brisker movements

Target Text: allows for brisker movements

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.794607
Retrieved Text: Whether you are an experienced boat owner or a new yachtsman, you likely understand the importance of a topnotch boat roll stabilization system. However, it is also just as important to use boat stabilizers that don?t cause performance to suffer.
Most boat fins on the market today use hydraulics to stabilize your vessel and counteract roll whether your boat is in motion or at rest. However, though they are the most commonly used fins, this system is not the best method for stabilization.
Hydraulic fins by design are quite large, slow in reaction time and producing drag. When fins change position, they are no longer centered to the hull, also creating drag.
It is quite common for boats with hydraulic fins to lose two to three knots of speed because of their bulk and ?autopilot? mode. Their large exteriors are also more susceptible to costly damage. Most boat owners are unaware that they have options for fin stabilizers that are able to not only help you get the speeds you desire out of your cruiser, while improving performance and efficiency.
At Gyro-Gale Stabilizers, we have made it our business to improve your boat?s reaction to strong winds and waves while solving the issues caused by hydraulic fins. We developed our ultra-high-speed (UHS) fins over 25 years ago to meet market demands for high-performance boat fins that produce stabilization without the drag.
To help your boat ride higher while maintaining stabilization, we utilize multiple small fins instead of large hydraulic fins. By using two, four or six smaller active fins grouped together,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.630772
Retrieved Text: We all know that the equipment is made of different materials in different shapes and models, providing the power required for mass thrust under water.
One of the biggest lures into the world of freediving is the lack of equipment needed. With help from a pair of freediving fins, you’ll discover how easy it is to achieve depth. But what are the best freediving fins for you? Freediving fins differ in length, stiffness, and material, but all serve the same purpose. The long blade design helps propel you deeper using the least amount of energy.
”Which fins should I take?“. This question is not exactly the right question. Depending on the intended use, you may need different types of fins. Let’s look at what we should pay attention to before we buy the fins.Pallets are apparently simple but actually quite complicated equipment using hydrodynamics and the movement is made by manpower.
Each fold, channel, groove on the fins is designed to apply different hydrodynamic motions to different purposes.
Shaking the fins under water is equal to climbing the ladder by running on land. This means that the diving requires good condition and if the fins selection is not made suitable for the purpose, the enjoyment can turn into pain.
There are basically two forms of fins: Closed and open fins.
Closed fins have standard numbers as in shoes. Open fins are sized as small, medium, large, and extra large and can be mounted to the foot with adjustable heel strap.
In free diving and spearfishing diving, the long blade, closed fins are preferred,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.575798
Retrieved Text: Surface swimming with rocket fins can be challenging. In this video, we break down some of the common mistakes guys encounter when training with large, stiff fins.
What brand of fins and booties do you recommend?
Dude did a great job… Coming from a novice swimmer.
When should you use fins in swimming training?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.361187
Retrieved Text: Jordy Smith's signature, the Futures Fins Jordy Smith 3 Fin (L) Thruster Fins are a large fin with moderate rake, no foil and medium flex patterns.
In true Jordy Smith style, this fin works best for big, arcing, powerful turns and for controlling speed and all around performance surfing in slightly bigger, better waves.
The Futures Fins Jordy Smith 3 Fin (L) Thruster Fins are a cult favourite of team riders and staff!
Martin T. Reviewed by Martin T.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.148546
Retrieved Text: The Mares Superchannel Full Foot Scuba Fins use the latest Superchannel technology, allowing for optimal power and maximum kick efficiency. The Superchannel Fins by Mares employ advanced Superchannel thrust technology, thermoplastic rubber/tecralene materials, and upper and lower stabilizers. The Channel Thrust technology maximizes the channeling of water, and moves a much greater amount of water compared to other fins of the same size. The result is greater thrusting power, with the same amount of effort.
side to side wobbling effect, keeping your kicks stable and reducing power loss.
I wear a size 8 wide shoe what size fin do I need?
Hi, would like to purchase these for my wife, her shoe size is 8.5. What would be the size comparable for this fin..?
We recommend going down two shoe sizes for women on any Scuba/Snorkel fin, as they run in mens sizing.
If I wear a 10 should I get the 9.5/10.5? and will that size fit with boots?
the 9.5/10.5 should fit your foot. If you find it is too roomy you can always add a 1.5 mm sock to take away some of the space. These fins are full foot fins, no boot is needed. If you are looking for a fin that needs a boot, you will want to search open heel fins.
I ware a 9, is the 8/9 going to be tight?
Mares Superchannel full foot scuba fin if you ware a 9 and take a 8/9 mwill not fit tight.
how long are fins for a size 12 ? and what is the flexibility rating.
The length of a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.941277
Retrieved Text: Firewire Surfboards and Futures Fins have created the Futures Fins Firewire Tri-Quad fin set. This 5 fin set was designed with a solid carbon base to increase drive through turns, along with a bamboo/honeycomb core to create a lively flex for release. Set up as a thruster, these fins ride smaller than they are. When ridden as a quad, the rear fins act as a pivot, giving you a tighter turning radius than a traditional quad set. Even though it is a technically large fin, it can be used by a wide range of riders and boards.
Carbon Fiber has one of the best strength to weight ratios of any material. The energy you load up on a carbon fiber fin comes back in a burst of energy because of its resiliency.
Flat Foiled fins break free sooner and are better at controlling speed. Often surfers prefer them in fast and powerful surf where they do not need to create additional speed. If you have muscle memory from riding glass-ons, flat foiled fins will feel the closest.
Symmetrical foil rear fins on quads give a fluid consistent feeling that is predicable in all conditions and is enhanced on quads when the rear fins are placed closely together.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.815674
Retrieved Text: The opah, Lampris guttatus, is rewriting the rules of fish biology with a recently discovered ability to keep most of its body warm. Fish biologists have long since known that certain fish species such as tuna can keep certain parts of their bodies warm, such as their eyes and their core but the opah is the first fish discovered to have special adaptations that allow it to keep its body warmer than the ambient temperature of surrounding water.
Well known as a large species of sportfish, the opah has long been suspected to be different from other deep water living predators. Instead of being a sluggish ambush predator, the opah is built for speed with a muscular body, large powerful fins, and large eyes that all come together to make it a swift and efficient hunter.
The ability to be warm blooded in deep water gives the Opah and advantage over all other cold blooded animals in the ocean depths who are restricted by their cold blooded nature. Being warm blooded allows the opah to act and react quickly, as well as to move much faster than other fish.
The large pectoral fins and highly muscular shape of the opah reminds of of the freshwater hatchetfish, which can beat its pectoral fins fast enough to fly out of the water to escape predators.
What makes the opah so unique is how it generates heat, and how it retains it to keep as much of that warmth inside its body as possible. For starters, you may have noticed the cartoonishly round

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.701237
Retrieved Text: 3D Modelling Software was used to create this interlocking fin bracket assembly.
The box fin does a great job eliminating the rolling motion because it forces the fins into perfect alignment at all times, but because of the shape of the box fins, it is difficult to add side boosters to a tocket that uses them. We decided that it would be good to have a self aligning fin assembly that had a traditional form factor that would allow the use of boosters. After a bit of brainstorming, we came up with a special fin bracket that does the job very well.
The Fin Bracket was printed using a 3D Printer configured to print hollow shapes to save weight.
Each bracket mates with the one next to it and forms a channel that holds the fin in place, while features on each of the bracket ends will allow the brackets to mate and lock together in alignment.
The Fin Bracket is designed to hold the fins perfectly aligned with interlocking features to hold everything in place.
The fins are cut from a corrugated plastic known as Corriflute, which is strong and very lightweight, since it is hollow. We made notches in the fins so that they would accept the brackets, and then drilled holes so the brackets could be fastened through them with nylon screws.
The fins are made from Corriflute, and have notches and holes cut in them to fit the brackets.
These brackets are designed to interlock together and form a channel that holds the fins in perfect alignment. Holes in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.660192
Retrieved Text: The lionfish has some of its fins divided into radii, with a feather-like appearance, similar to the Chinese dragons. Its body has a colouring with brown and white vertical bands. Some of its fins have needles with poisonous glands. These fins and their magnificent striped colouring warn that they are not to be touched.
Its maximum size is 38 cm.
They mainly swim calmly, gently waving their fins, ignoring predators as they know that their bright colouring is a warning of danger. However, if a lionfish detects a small fish or crustacean that seems a possible prey, it can launch to attack it like lightning.
Lionfish are carnivores that eat fish and crustacea, which go up to their prey and swallow it at a lightening speed. They use the pectoral fins to trap their prey and sometimes even different individuals at a time.
They are oviparous animals in spawning, and the pair goes up to higher waters to leave a gelatinous sphere of eggs.
It normally lives on lagoon reefs close to the coast, up to depths of 50 m.
It is found in the Indian-Pacific.
These fish use their large pectoral fins to trap their prey.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.604786
Retrieved Text: These are great summer-time fins that work super well in bad to average surf. Also don't be tricked by the sizing. These are on the cusp of size large fins so if you're a bigger guy you can still ride these.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.549736
Retrieved Text: Hi everyone! A reader requested that I do a tutorial on how to draw koi fish, so what better day than today? Koi are so beautiful and serene, and they happen to be one of my favorite fish. So grab a pencil and let’s learn how to draw koi fish!
To get our koi fish started we will first need to draw a simple curved line. This line will define the basic shape and position of the fish’s body.
Next, draw the outline of the koi fish’s body. The body should follow the general direction of the curved line from the last step. Also, make sure that the front of the koi is a little fatter and more rounded than the back.
Now that we have the basic shape of the body down, we can erase the curved guideline. Also, draw the koi’s large mouth with a couple tiny whiskers on each side of its head.
Next, draw the outline of the koi’s gill. This line should stretch about 1/4 of the length of the fish’s body.
Draw the koi fish’s large oval eyes, and also give the koi two small circular nostrils that sit on the top of its head.
Koi are famous for their beautiful fins. Draw two large fins starting at the gill slit, extending gently behind the fish.
Next, draw two more sets of fins closer to the rear of the koi. Draw these fins a little bit smaller than the koi’s front fins.
Now that the majority of the koi’s fins are done, we will need to draw one

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.408882
Retrieved Text: The hogfish is characterized by a large, laterally compressed body shape. It possesses a very elongated snout which it uses to search for crustaceans buried in the sediment. Interestingly, this very long “pig-like” snout and its rooting behavior give the hogfish its name. The caudal or tail fin is somewhat lunate and the pectoral fins are along the lateral sides of the body with the paired pelvic fins directly below. A prominent black spot behind the pectoral fins differentiates males from females. The dorsal fin usually is composed of three or four long dorsal spines followed by a series of shorter dorsal spines.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.383657
Retrieved Text: I was lucky to get just a few of these early this year, and they are quite exceptional. Very robust, extremely active, and super showy fish with large fins. I’ve seen these develop huge fins as they continue to grow. Know that black on fish like this one is hard to keep long-term.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.369879
Retrieved Text: The Fuzzy Dwarf Lionfish, is also called the Shortfin Lionfish or simply the Dwarf Lionfish. It has red, white, and black vertical stripes along the body with large, fan-like pectoral fins and tall, quill-like dorsal fins. The Fuzzy Dwarf Lionfish is appropriately named because of its full fins. Dendrochirus zebra may also be called the Dwarf Lionfish.
A 50 gallon or larger aquarium with numerous hiding places is suitable. It will hide while acclimating to its new environment. The top spines are venomous, causing reactions similar to a bee sting. The Fuzzy Dwarf Lionfish is a personable fish that quickly recognizes and responds to its owners presence.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.36022
Retrieved Text: When it's cold outside, it is so nice to go home, to a warm apartment and relax from a busy day. If the room is heated poorly, bring home a VITEK OFR VT-1713 BK-I Oil filled heat radiator. Thanks to its LARGE SIZE13 FINS with three oil circulating channels in each fins will fill the room with warmth and comfort quickly due to its large heat radiating surface area of fins and built in additional fan heater. This heating device can be used indoors, for a bedroom or a children's room. It comes with the features like 13 large size heat Radiator Fins, 2300W of power plus 500W fan heater, adjustable thermostat, Tip-Over switch, castor wheels and cord winder. It is equipped with adjustable thermostat that senses the temperature and maintains the desired set temperature. The tip-over switch provides safety by preventing accidental fire, when the heater tilts more than a specified angle, this Tip-Over switch operates turning the heater OFF, allowing you to be more comfortable and safe with your room heater. It has fan heater that provides Quick heating and the castors wheels for easy mobility. The cord winder helps for easy cable management. The radiator is having 3 Level heat selection Low (1000W), Mid (1300W) & High (2300W) and supplemented with a power full fan heater (500W). The black color of the radiator looks great in a tandem with silvery inserts and that is why this radiator easily fits into a modern interior.
Three heating positions - The radiator is having 3 Level heat

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.25628
Retrieved Text: Members of Pew's global shark conservation team have traveled to Bangkok, Thailand for the 2013 meeting of delegates to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, or CITES. In this dispatch, Angelo Villagomez visits Bangkok's Chinatown.
Five species of sharks and two types of manta rays won new safeguards Monday, as delegates to a global wildlife meeting in Bangkok, Thailand voted to limit the trade of species that have been overexploited for decades. Governments will now cast a final vote this Thursday.
I am in Bangkok as well, attending the meeting with a team of international shark and environmental policy experts to advocate for the passage of the shark and manta proposals to list these species on Appendix II under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, or CITES.
That means putting an end to the indiscriminate, unregulated trade in shark fins and manta gill plates, which are widely used in soups and health tonics in Asian countries and communities. Demand for fins and gills are driving these and other species to the edge of total collapse.
More than 2,000 delegates from 150 countries have come to the CITES meeting to vote on proposals affecting 71 species of plants and animals. There are four focused on trade restrictions for sharks and manta rays: the oceanic whitetip, porbeagle, three hammerheads, and both species of manta – all of which passed on Monday, March 11.
While CITES delegates were discussing issues other than sharks, I took a short excursion to Bangkok's

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.218555
Retrieved Text: • Individual Standing Lockers - 24 in. x 25 in. x 10 ft.
• Large enough to store up to 7 surfboards without fins and up to 5 surfboards with fins as well as wetsuits and personal items.
• No more transferring to shuttle trains, no long walks to get your gear, no changing outside, no waiting to access your locker and no crowds in the lineup.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.049505
Retrieved Text: Wear shinfin™ leg fins for safety whilst windsurfing, kiteboarding, surf skiing, kayaking and using other water craft. Or carry them with you in your emergency bag.
Want safety fins backup fin power?
+ Safety fins for your water sport.
+ Swim back to your craft easier.
+ Swim back to shore easier.
+ Feet still fit in foot straps.
+ For surf skis, kayaks & canoes.
+ Feet still free to stand.
+ For windsurfers & kiteboards.
+ For stand-up paddle boards.
+ Easy to pack in emergency bag.
+ Less bulky than regular flippers.
+ Safer water sports for more fun.
Regarding foot straps on water craft, I think you will find that the friction between the fins and the foot straps is much lower when they are wet. So it is easier to get your feet in the foot straps when wearing the fins. This will let you wear the fins in the proper position lower down on your legs, with the fin tips somewhere near your toes. Just point your toes away from the tips of the fins a bit when you put your feet into the foot straps. Even if the fin tips catch a bit, they are very flexible so they just bend away and you hardly even notice. The fin tips are flexible enough to slide over the foot strap. The foot strap fits over your foot as normal but under the fin tips.
You can wear them a bit higher on your legs if you need to. You probably won’t need to slide them too far up, maybe not much at all. The

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.945057
Retrieved Text: The Brooklyn-based Long Quan Seafood Corp. pleaded guilty to felony commercialization of wildlife on June 22 in Brooklyn Criminal Court and paid a $10,000 fine for trafficking in shark fins, New York State Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) Acting Commissioner Marc Gerstman announced today.
"This is the first successful prosecution under a New York State law that took effect last July banning the possession, sale and distribution of most species of shark fins in New York State," Acting Commissioner Gerstman said. "Not only is the practice of finning a shark inhumane, but it negatively impacts the natural balance of the oceanic ecosystem. We will not tolerate shark fin trafficking in New York State."
Shark fins are tempting targets for fishermen because they have high monetary and cultural value. The fins are used in a popular dish called shark fin soup. One way the fins are obtained is by the practice of shark finning, which is the process of slicing off a shark's fin and returning the shark to open waters. A finned shark, unable to swim or pass water across its gills, dies from suffocation or blood loss. An estimated 73 million sharks are killed each year to supply the growing global demand for their fins.
In October of 2014, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) alerted DEC to a large shipment of dried shark fins headed from JFK Airport to a business in Brooklyn. Working together, the USFWS and DEC police determined that the shipment included several protected species of shark fins such as hammerhead, grey sharpnose,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.81802
Retrieved Text: 27 Reviews Write a Review!
Progress as a swimmer, strengthen your quads & hamstrings, and increase ankle flexibility with the simple and effective DMC Original Training Fins.
Long used by world-renowned swimmers to improve their skills, DMC fins are beneficial in building lean muscle and assisting with kicking sets. Professional and novice swimmers alike find that using training fins during their workout adds appropriate length to the leg to challenge their core and hip flexors, while providing speed practice as well.
Looking to build up your leg muscles? The Original Training Fins will help you harness water's resistive power with each flutter or dolphin kick without overly exerting yourself. With each up- and down-kick, the fins V-shaped channels displace water smoothly and evenly while providing the legs with an excellent workout. Using the proper fins can also loosen stiff ankles and provide lift, which angles the head downward into an ideal streamline position.
DMC Fins are made of a soft silicone compound that molds to the foot, but maintains shape when not in use. The fins flexibility also allows for a comfortable fit with no squeezing, pinching, or tightness. Unlike some fins which chafe the ankles, there is no need to lubricate the foot or don a fin sock prior to putting on the DMC Original Training Fins.
According to AquaGear testers, the DMC Original Training Fins corrected prior imbalances in their kicks and strengthened their leg muscles without adding leg or ankle strain, as a longer blade would. Most testers agreed that the fit was true-to-size and that the pliable

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.758587
Retrieved Text: This set of 2 Quad Rear fins is a reliable all-round fin for a diverse range of surfers, conditions and board types. This is a well proportioned template with 80/20 Foils is designed for surfers wanting a combination of speed and manoeuvrability with flow between turns. The exact characteristics will vary depending on the front fins used in the set-up. We consider these to be too large to be suitable as longboard side bites.
Shapers Series “driver” Model For Future Fin Systems.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.720264
Retrieved Text: One hundred million is an absurdly large number, especially when you consider that’s how many sharks—living, feeling organisms—are estimated to be killed every year, the majority for their fins. The process is gruesome: Sharks are caught, their fins are hacked off, and then they’re left to die from suffocation, loss of blood, or predators. “It’s without doubt, the worst act of animal cruelty I’ve ever seen,” celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay said in documentary on the shark fishing industry.
Just 12 states have outlawed the trade of shark fins, and Florida, where Miami has become the number one spot for the importation of shark fins, is considering becoming the 13th, with a bipartisan bill in the state House and a similar Republican-introduced bill in the state Senate. Shark tourism and diving bring $221 million to the state each year and directly support 3,700 jobs, but in places like the Keys once-common sharks are becoming rare. The Florida bills might be the best sharks can get in the near term; a bill in the U.S. Senate, which would have banned fin trade and was sponsored by Democratic Senator Cory Booker, passed committee but a similar bill languished in the House.
The U.S. bills have broad support. Last year, a New York Times editorial stated, “This legislation won’t end the problem, though it will help. In China, a concerted effort by government and conservation groups has reduced Chinese consumption of shark fins by 80 percent in the past decade. More needs to be done elsewhere, as there are signs that shark

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.71126
Retrieved Text: Indian two-wheeler market is the world’s second biggest market. Among the three segments (motorcycles, scooters and mopeds) of the Indian two wheeler market, major growth trends have been seen in the motorcycle segment over the last four to five years due to its resistance and balance even on bad road conditions. In Indian motorcycles, Air-cooling is used due to reduced weight and simple in construction of engine cylinder block. As the air-cooled engine builds heat, the cooling fins allow the wind and air to move the heat away from the engine. Low rate of heat transfer through cooling fins is the main problem in this type of cooling. The Engine cylinder is one of the major automobile components, which is subjected to high temperature variations and thermal stresses. In order to cool the cylinder, fins are provided on the surface of the cylinder to increase the rate of heat transfer. By doing thermal analysis on the engine cylinder fins, it is helpful to know the heat dissipation inside the cylinder. The principle implemented in the project is to increase the heat dissipation rate by using the invisible working fluid, nothing but air. We know that, by increasing the surface area we can increase the heat dissipation rate, so designing such a large complex engine is very difficult. The main purpose of using these cooling fins is to cool the engine cylinder by air. The main aim of the project is to analyze the thermal properties by varying geometry, material of cylinder fins.
There are three basic mechanisms

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.705568
Retrieved Text: Thought you'd have seen it all by now? Well, you haven't seen it ALL until you've seen the biggest car fins in the world - otherwise known as Max the DareDevil FinMobile.
Max is a 1985 Dodge Van with two 6 foot steel frame fins welded to the roof. The fins are covered with foam insulation and sprayed with silver paint. Max's custom grill and front end give him a warm kinda cuddly look - this makes it less terrifying when he is racing towards you in one of his daredevil feats.
Max has already been on several road trips and in early February, Tom Kennedy staged his first daredevil extravaganza at The Hangar. Accompanied by the song "Classical Gas," Tom and Max maneuvered through people swinging on swings, rolling bowling balls, bricks, and people jumping rope. The grand finale featured Max driving through a large non-flaming hoop. It was a quite a sight to see!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.579006
Retrieved Text: Fins are one of the main components of a full snorkeling set. Just like the other components, there is a huge variety to choose from, and what you choose depends largely on your preferences and what type of snorkeling you will be doing.
When we say "type" of snorkeling, what we really mean is where, how often, and how challenging your snorkel adventures are. For example, those who are going on a vacation and plan on snorkeling once or twice may prioritize convenience and cost over high quality snorkeling fins that are more durable.
Additionally, many people may not know what to look for in a pair of snorkeling fins, what types of snorkeling fins are out there, and what the difference is between different types of snorkeling fins.
You can find our guide to purchasing snorkeling fins below, where we cover a wide range of snorkeling fin brands, styles, and sizes.
Dual composite fin blade for excellent snap and power. Soft foot pocket with adjustable strap. Compact length good for traveling. Very convenient fins of good quality. Main drawback is requires more energy to swim for prolonged periods of time due to compact size.
Good selection of sizes for both men and women. Soft flexible foot pocket for comfort (no boots required). Will NOT fit wide feet and require more energy expenditure due to compact size, but otherwise are solid quality, convenient, and well-reviewed.
Contemporary, dual-composite design with an enclosed heel and soft foot pocket. Long blades with dual composite fin rails for snap and thrust. Good selection of sizes and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.554913
Retrieved Text: GRP is proud to offer Difflow Diffusers!
The ultimate track diffuser. Designed by race car drivers.
Weight: 11 lbs / 5 kg - Thicker and Stronger than OEM.
Installation: Direct OEM replacement. Rear Panel included FREE.
Description: Diffuser body is 4 inches (10 cm) longer than OEM diffuser. The fins extend to the undertray which helps channel the air sooner and as a result, decreases drag. The fins are parallel to ground, 5 inches (12.5 cm) off ground on stock suspension. This is the ultimate track diffuser. Built by track enthusiasts and autocrossers nationwide. It provides a large increase in downforce.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.547009
Retrieved Text: Body compressed, often deep, most species with the head almost completely encased in exposed striated bones and very long snout in some. Dorsal fin long-based, continuous, often tall, with a spinous and soft-rayed portion, pectoral fins prominent, upper rays much longer than lower, pelvic fins large with a strong spine. The fin spines are venomous in some or all species.
Body deep, compressed, dorsal profile of snout deeply concave; large adults with bony knob above eye; dorsal fin continuous, very tall, fin-tips sometimes reach beyond tail; pectoral-fin base in advance of ventral-fin base. Body pale grey to pale yellowish green with 2 indistinct broad dark bands and a prominent dark spot on rear of dorsal fin. To 40 cm.
Common in some parts of its range, this species is taken in commercial trawls and is good eating.
In depths of 25-540 m.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.473682
Retrieved Text: The barracuda is an easily recognizable fish with its torpedo shaped body and large mouth. This fearsome creature has captured the imagination of people for generations. The artist captures the sleek body shape while using playful coloring to create their stylized version of the barracuda. Rustic, destressed finishes and rusty shaded metal fins make this a striking piece.
Made from cheesewood which has been hand-painted with a distressed finish. Solid metal fins that have been painted to look like rust. This piece will hang ona jigsaw hanger.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.420624
Retrieved Text: Planning to buy swim fins? Long and short, open and closed, split and paddle, there are many options to choose from! Fret not for this SportsAspire article comes to your rescue by furnishing some useful tips to choose the best swim fins.
At the age of 11, Benjamin Franklin invented a pair of swim fins. However, unlike today's foot flippers, these were attached to one's hands.
No activity is complete without the proper gear. Using the right equipment gives you an added advantage. Swim fins are very beneficial, but for that, you need to choose the best fit and type for yourself. Loose fitting or very tight fins could keep bothering you and make swimming/diving inconvenient. So, check out the various specialized fins and tips for buying them.
Activity: Different activities require different fins. What may be ideal for swimming may not work for diving.
Expertise: Some types of fins may be perfect for experts, but very uncomfortable for beginners.
Location: While some could be suitable for tropical areas, they may not be appropriate in cold regions where thermal protection is necessary.
Comfort: What is the point of buying a swim fin if you are not comfortable using it? It is supposed to improve your performance. Certain styles may not be comfortable for some people.
The correct choice of fins will help you in many ways, and make your activity much more enjoyable and productive.
You can make a wise decision by understanding what different swim fins offer. So, let us have a look at the different types.
They are suitable for warm to temperate

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.402554
Retrieved Text: Those of us with male dogs know how obsessive they can be about marking their territory, but did you ever think what this could be doing to your AC unit? Turns out that the acids in your dog’s urine are highly corrosive and can eat through your AC coil and aluminium fins.
What does dog urine do to my air conditioner?
Dog urine quickly corrodes the aluminium fins and copper coil in your outdoor unit.
If your dog’s urine hits the condenser coils, the corrosion will inevitably lead to a freon leak. If the leak is small and if you catch it early enough, you may get lucky and a professional may be able to find and repair the leak instead of replacing the coil.
The bad news is that you will need to recharge your system with more refrigerant—and if your unit takes R-22 refrigerant (an old refrigerant that’s being phased out) this can end up costing you.
If a small percentage of your fins are damaged, your AC will still function but will transfer heat at a slower pace. Basically, your AC has to work harder without as many fins. This results in higher energy bills and an inefficient air conditioner.
But if a large portion of the fins are corroded you may want to look into….
Your condenser coil and fins are attached so if only one component is badly damaged, you’ll still pay to have both replaced. This replacement job requires a professional.
In most cases, replacing the coils and fins is the best solution for dog urine corrosion. But

================



