======= Instance Index 9801 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

A model serves a useful purpose – it gives us an idea of what the real thing is like. The model plane seen above has wings, a tail, and an engine just like the real thing. This model also has a propeller, as is the case with most small planes and some smaller passenger planes. However, the model is not the real thing. We certainly cannot fly people or cargo in the model (besides maybe a tiny mouse), but we can get some idea of what a real plane looks like and how it works.


Q: What are models good for?

 Choices:

- they are independent variables

- they are expensive to make

- they are identical to the real thing

- they give us an idea of what the real thing is like

A:

Target Text: they give us an idea of what the real thing is like

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.768246
Retrieved Text: At Models Direct ‘size’ is not an issue, it’s all about talent, striking features, attitude and determination – that’s what our agents are looking for!
With the modelling industry evolving it’s refreshing to see that curvier models are featuring on the covers of International magazines and it seems the hour glass figure really sells – curves are being celebrated by big brands around the world!
What type of model are you??
As we see London Fashion Week draw to a close today you may be asking yourself; “What is the difference between commercial and fashion models??” Or perhaps you didn’t even realise there was one!
London Fashion Week receives huge amounts of media coverage, so if fashion and beauty are your thing no doubt you will have been following the latest looks, trends and updates on social media direct from the catwalk.
The criteria to be a commercial model is very different to that of a fashion model, Models Direct represents commercial models and talent and hopefully this blog will explain a few of the differences.
Commercial models are ‘real people’ who have a good look and often experienced in acting, singing, dancing or another talent, they are used to performing to an audience or portraying a different character. The criteria for commercial models is very varied, clients often require a wide diversity in model looks, size, ethnicity, age and location depending on the product or service they are promoting.
Commercial models are used in promoting everyday products, they are appealing to the majority, so the models sourced need to be relatable to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.700371
Retrieved Text: How durable are human anatomical models for classrooms and patient consultation or examination rooms?
Good quality human anatomical models are made from resin or plastic, and are designed for use in medical health facilities, research institutes and educational settings. The construction of these models are highly durable and very long lasting, even with regular use. The lightweight nature of these anatomy models mean that they are practical, and easy to store on shelves or counters before being moved to patient or student locations.
Since the material is a plastic or resin, the color of the model remains constant over time and doesn't fade or chip off with time and use. Models that are designed with removable parts may be slightly less durable than fixed models since removal and application of the parts can cause wear over time. This is a very minimal concern for most teaching environments or patient rooms even with a lot of daily use.
What options are available in human anatomical models?
There are a wide range of options available in human anatomy models. Some models include full sized representations of the entire human body while other models are designed to show a particular part or organ. There are options for human anatomical models to also show progressive diseases and conditions of different organs and joints in the body. These types of models are often very helpful in patient consultations and discussions. They are also a good teaching tool in upper level human anatomy, pre-med or medical classes.
The level of detail and information provided on the human

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.614489
Retrieved Text: Although commonly used and discussed in the vocabularies of SR11-7, CCAR, TRIM and the PRA 2017 Stress Test Guidance, there is a great deal of uncertainty surrounding what ‘Model Governance’ really means, and how institutions and their regulators are defining and implementing it.
In a bid to achieve clarification, MathWorks, the leading developer of mathematical computing software, and the Professional Risk Managers’ International Association (PRMIA), are holding a panel session to examine some of the issues.
What does model governance actually mean?
How synchronised are the regulators on what model governance is and isn’t?
What characteristics underpin good model governance in finance? How far can model governance be generalised and how far is it application/segment/asset class-specific?
What can we learn from other industries, for example the “safety critical” aerospace, automotive and medical industries?
What are good model selection criteria? How can the industry mitigate against model bias?
Can machine learning methods help or hinder good model governance?
What are good examples of challenger models and model infrastructures?
With the election of Donald Trump and the tendency towards rolling back regulation, what is the future for model governance?
MATLAB is widely used by leading financial institutions to develop models and simulations for financial risk management. It enables companies to build customised risk models, perform Monte Carlo simulations, and analyse scenarios to assess risk exposure from financial activities. Working with PRMIA, therefore, was a logical alliance.
PRMIA is a global non-profit professional association which aims to provide an open forum for the development and promotion of the risk profession.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.478482
Retrieved Text: A big part of what enterprise architects do is creating visual models. This is also known as EA modeling. We use EA modeling to deliver certain insights. The visual model is often how this insight is delivered.
We will now discuss two aspect of this. First we will share what the most common EA models are. Secondly we will discuss some basic tips & hints on basic modeling techniques and styles.
Now often creating visual models is done using EA tools. So when you are looking at the remainder of this article consider this almost a set of functional requirements for EA tools like EAComposer.
With TOGAF 9.1 a strong focus on Capability Based Planning was introduced. From this, as you might have guessed, a business capability model for your organization is a very common visual model. A capability model show “what” your organization does. This “what” is usually very stable over time and therefor an ideal structure to share insights against. In TOGAF lingo this model is actually called a Functional Decomposition artifact. Consider it a cornerstone. The business capability model resides in the business architecture domain. Other models in this domain include process models (the “how”) and organizational models (the “who”).
A second popular model is inside the Application Architecture domain. Most often the related visual model is a model that shows applications and their relationship to capabilities (see above) that they enable. So you would visual map showing capabilities and the applications that are supporting/enabling these capabilities. A second benefits coming from developing this view is that

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.43113
Retrieved Text: Harley Davidson States 50 New Models in 5 Years. What do you want to see? | I JUST WANT 2 RIDE!!
Harley Davidson States 50 New Models in 5 Years. What do you want to see?
Recently the Harley-Davidson Motorcycle Company stated that they were going to introduce 50 new models in 5 years. From my perspective there are now 49 models still on the delivery line now that the “Street Rod” has hit the road.
Over the last few years Harley Davidson has put out a lot of new stuff that appears to have been setting the stage for this 50 models in 5 years effort. The electric motorcycle prototype “Live Wire” (which I got to test ride), the Street 500/750, the water cooled 104 and Milwaukee 8 engines are what I think are the underpinnings of this 50 models in 5 years push.
So with 49 motorcycle models still to go what can we expect? Harley Davidson has already stated that there is going to be a production electric motorcycle by 2020. In my mind that would be two additional models, one a variant of the Street line and one a cruiser (maybe based on the Dyna?). Which gets the 50 models in 5 years down to 47 unknown bikes.
NOW for question. Just WHAT would you like to see in that list of 50 models in 5 years? We spoke on that during the show #401 of the DawgHouse Motorcycle Radio show a while back. One of my ideas would be a true sport touring motorcycle. Something that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.313841
Retrieved Text: Developers, Architects, Operational, Managers, CIO's: this course is for you all.
Good Job Mike!, This course is very good for anyone starting to understand the cloud concepts. I liked the start where Mike started with what is not a cloud and stated that Cloud/Cloud Computing is not a Buzzword. Overall very good course for Cloud beginners.
This is the introduction to the course. We will cover the layout of the sections, and what they cover.
Cloud Computing is not a buzzword. By the end of this lesson you will see why.
During this lesson we examine a standard computing 'stack', in a traditional IT environment. Now we're ready to look at cloud Service Models.
How does IaaS fit into the computing 'stack' model?
How does PaaS fit into the computing 'stack' model?
How does SaaS fit into the computing 'stack' model?
During this lesson we compare the different cloud Service Models, look at real world services that fall between the models, and discuss the value proposition offered by the models.
There are 5 Essential Characteristics of Cloud Computing.
What is on-demand self-service within a real world context?
What is 'broad network access' within a real world context?
What is 'rescue pooling' within a real world context?
Is it magic?! What is 'rapid elasticity' in a real world context?
What is 'measured service' in a real world context?
Can you host private data in public cloud? We explore what is meant by 'public', 'private' and 2 other deployment models.
In this lesson we go over all the topics covered in this course. I hope you enjoyed taking the course as much as I

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.28669
Retrieved Text: [Q] Status of taro and cassava models?
“Are the taro and cassava models being actively developed?” Good question.
“Are DSSAT models deterministic or stochastic?” Good question.
[Q] Any financial support for research and training?
WISE 1.1 Global Soil Profiles for DSSAT: 500 Downloads!
February 9, 2012, marked 500th download of the WISE 1.1 Global Soil Profile Database in DSSAT format. To celebrate, we created a little Wordle using the users’ responses to our question on the intended use of the dataset.
You’re Welcome It’s always great to see our workshop and training efforts get acknowledged. We’d like to share a nice thank you message we just received from the . You’re very welcome!
[Q] Weather generation in DSSAT?
How to use the weather generator in the DSSAT Crop Systems Model for climate change studies, and what should I know? Help!
[Q] What happened to ICASA?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.271948
Retrieved Text: Was just talking to the 3d printing workshop and when they did not mention sketchup as a software to use, I asked why and they said it causes a lot of problems. I have not 3d printed anything let, but if I do it woud be with sketchup as thats what I'm more comfortable with.
But is Sketchup problematic for 3d printers? Another person said there is a lot of issues with faces.
I'd be interested in an answer to this too.
As long as your modelling is watertight and prepared properly for printing, I wouldn't have thought that there would be an issue.
Box seems to get some great results from SUp, so it might just be that this company isn't used to working with good quality SUp models.
I made a few models for 3d printing (even for a HQ expensive 3d printer) with SketchUp and it works fine. I don't see any problems there.
Maybe the shop ran into people that didn't have much experience and made 'bad' 3d models?!
What kind of models do you intend to 3d print? Why not just try making your model in SketchUp, 3d print and analyze problems if they occur?
Let’s face it, if the Warehouse is anything to go by, there are a lot of people making ‘bad’ SUp models.
I’m often sent models by clients and it’s rare that I don’t have to rebuild everything from scratch.
Sketchup has all kinds of users, that's the beauty of it. People who know what they're doing will have good results, people who don't... well, they can

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.256921
Retrieved Text: This replacement style electric fuel pump is just what you need to get your vehicle in good working order again!
NOTE: Only fits models with Walbro Brand fuel pump modules as listed by application. Walbro models numbers are stamped on the part. The models number starts with a series of letters followed by a dash then a few numbers (Examples: LMB-116, WA-10, WA-1, etc.).
This electric fuel pump makes a great replacement and has good cost savings over a dealer assembly!
Thanks for the great part quick delivery. Fast and speedy delivery.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.155717
Retrieved Text: What is a Language Model?
A Statistical Language Model is a file used by a Speech Recognition Engine to recognize speech. It contains a large list of words and their probability of occurrence. It is used in dictation applications.
Re: What is a Language Model?
Language models are used to constrain search in a decoder by limiting the number of possible words that need to be considered at any one point in the search. The consequence is faster execution and higher accuracy.
Language models constrain search either absolutely (by enumerating some small subset of possible expansions) or probabilistically (by computing a likelihood for each possible successor word). The former will usually have an associated grammar this is compiled down into a graph, the latter will be trained from a corpus.
Statistical language models (SLMs) are good for free-form input, such as dictation or spontaneous speech, where it's not practical or possible to a priori specify all possible legal word sequences.
Trigram SLMs are probably the most common ones used in ASR and represent a good balance between complexity and robust estimation. A trigram model encodes the probability of a word (w3) given its immediate two-word history, ie p(w3 | w1 w2). In practice trigam models can be "backed-off" to bigram and unigram models, allowing the decoder to emit any possible word sequence (provided that the acoustic and lexical evidence is there).
Thank you for the clarification (and much better definition).

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.133177
Retrieved Text: Exigence has released, and Reckoning is coming. The PP doom cycle, as it is with every release, is in fill swing.
As the books trudge out of the printers, and the game slowly grinds along, each book holds a bit of promise that you, and your faction, will get the newest, best things. The hope that your faction will “Win” each book and be able to master the tabletop in new ways, with new models and interesting strategies clings strongly to nearly every player. While I’m not immune to these feelings and desires, I really hope that every faction gets to get new and interesting ways to play the game, and that each model in a release brings joy to the people playing that faction.
It makes me fairly sad to see when gamers mope about their releases, because I want them to be as thrilled as I am with each book that comes out and each new toy they get. Its not possible, though. I know this. Some people are prone to seeing the downside in everything.
However, many times the models that are hated on and shouted down the most end up defining the playstyles of the game and turn the game on its head. Prompted by an MTG article and two conversations with friends, I think that that problem is a core issue in gaming itself.
PP has an enormous catalog. Cryx itself has 16 Warcasters, 20 Warjacks, 17 Units, 6 attachments, 14 Solos, A Battle Engine and A Colossal. That’s 75 options in a single faction.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.114293
Retrieved Text: Transfer models provide a viable means of determining which skills a student needs in order to solve a given problem. However, constructing a good fitting transfer model requires a lot of trial and error. The main goal of this thesis was to develop a procedure for developing better fit transfer models for intelligent tutoring systems. The procedure implements a search method using association rules as a means of guiding the search. The association rules are mined from the instances in the dataset that the transfer model predicts incorrectly. The association rules found in the mining process determines what operation to perform on the current transfer model. Our search algorithm using association rules was compared to a blind search method that finds all possible transfer models for a given set of factors. Our search process was able to find statistically similar models to the ones the blind search method finds in a considerably shorter amount of time. The difference in times between our search process and the blind search method is days to minutes. Being able to find good transfer models quicker will help intelligent tutor system builders as well as cognitive science researchers better assess what makes certain problems hard and other problems easy for students.
Freyberger, Jonathan E., "Using Association Rules to Guide a Search for Best Fitting Transfer Models of Student Learning" (2004). Masters Theses (All Theses, All Years). 552.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.097034
Retrieved Text: Big news for those of us who are tired of seeing 90-pound models on every page of our fashion magazines.
Vogue has just announced a new Health Initiative-- a pact between 19 of Vogue's international editors-in-chief.
The purpose, according to Vogue.com, is to "encourage a healthier approach to body image within the industry."
What does that mean for readers? Very good things! Read on to find out!
For one thing, the international editors are promising to work with models who are healthy in their view, and promote a healthy body image.
For another, Vogue editors are pledging to become ambassadors who will promote healthy body image.
"Vogue believes that good health is beautiful," Jonathan Newhouse, Condé Nast International chairman, said. "Vogue editors around the world want the magazines to reflect their commitment to the health of the models who appear on the pages and the wellbeing of their readers."
I can't tell you how excited I am to read this news. Paging through fashion magazines has become simply depressing over the last several years, as models have grown thinner and thinner and thinner. I remember a time when models all were a "standard size six." Today, they are all size zero or two.
I have longed for a return to the time when models like Cindy Crawford, Helena Christensen, Naomi Campbell, and Linda Evangelista provided us with images of the types of bodies we all aspired to have-- These were women who had muscles and curves and were in the best shape of their lives. So many of the models today just look ...

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.047494
Retrieved Text: When I think of the brand name Pentax, I usually think of cameras first. But I realize that, if they make good cameras and camera lenses, they probably make other good products that use lenses too – like Pentax binoculars.
Pentax makes nearly a dozen different lines of binoculars. Some of them are very inexpensive, but I’m going to examine the higher quality lines here.
Let’s look then at the very best of Pentax. We’ll especially note those with the widest field of view (FOV), the lightest weight, and which pairs you should consider for hunting, bird watching, and astronomy.
As a bonus, I’ll also examine one type specifically intended for butterfly watching.
You can use the table below to go directly to the section you are most interested in or continue reading the full review that follows.
1 Are Pentax Binoculars Any Good?
2 What Are the Pentax Top of the Line Models?
3 What Are the Best Pentax Binoculars for Hunting?
4 What Are the Best Pentax Binoculars for Birding?
5 What Are the Best Pentax Binoculars for Astronomy?
7 Where Can I Buy Pentax Binoculars?
8 Are There More Pentax Binoculars?
Are Pentax Binoculars Any Good?
Pentax binoculars may not always be thought of as the cream of the crop in the binoculars world, but they certainly hold their own and deserve a close look when you’re shopping for a new pair.
You can get more expensive binoculars than even the highest priced from Pentax, but it may be difficult to distinguish differences between any two given products.
What Are the Pentax Top of the Line Models?
You usually

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.000419
Retrieved Text: This post originally appeared on Common Sense Media.
As parents, we have a natural instinct to choose who we want our kids to be friends with — and who we'd rather they not hang around. The same instinct kicks in for media role models. We like Doc McStuffins because she's smart and kind. SpongeBob? Maybe not so much.
In today's 24/7 media environment, in which kids may be spending more time with media than they are with their parents, choosing positive role models is more important than ever. By the time kids are in middle school, they start to look to their peers for a sense of what's socially acceptable or desirable. Parents may remain the primary influence in their kids' lives, but the competition starts to get fierce at this age. This separation is entirely age appropriate. But when the media comes into play, the values you want to pass down to your kids may be competing against, say, Homer Simpson's. Or, folks like Logan Paul, who's YouTube channel has millions of followers and is hugely influential (for all the wrong reasons).
In fact, the stars of social media are just as likely to be role models as traditional celebrities. These so-called influencers reach out to kids via TV, YouTube, video games, Twitter, and music — all of which are broadcast or easily accessible 24 hours a day. And as we all know, not all the characters or people who gain popularity through these channels have stellar role-model credentials.
The good news is that there are plenty of positive

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.989071
Retrieved Text: Role models are some persons who by reason of personal accomplishments or some other claim to popularity and fame command other people’s attention. Role models are looked upon as sources of inspiration for the younger generation. Role models are influential people not by virtue of authority but by reason of fame or some personal achievements.
A celebrity role model is a role model who is very famous by reason of the glamour associated with his or her profession. Celebrity role models abound in sports and entertainment as well as in some other disciplines. Sports and entertainment in particular produce a lot of celebrity role models by reason of their vast audiences and glamorous nature. Celebrity role models are highly successful and mostly rich people and most kids would like to be like them.
Everyone aspires to be rich, famous and successful. This is the basic dream of nearly every individual. This basic human desire is especially strong among kids and youth of every society. Because celebrities have already achieved what most people aspire to do, people naturally look up to them as sources of inspiration. This is because society attaches so much importance to being rich and successful and in most cases, it seems the end justifies the means.
There is a tendency for the media to glamourize celebrities and present them as flawless demigods showcased for ecstatic adulation. In doing this, their basic flaws and human frailties is downplayed or ignored outright in order to satisfy the guzzling media machines that are built around them for commercial purposes.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.972179
Retrieved Text: Where can I download new models for MikuMikuDance? What is a good source for new models for MikuMikuDance? I want to get new models for MMD. I want to download models for MMD.
YouTube is a great Source for New MMD Models. Try searching YouTube for MMD Download or MMD Newcomers. The “Newcomers” category covers new models being shown (with many being available for download) and, also, MMD enthusiasts who are new to the MMD / YouTube community … though I think “new MMD models” is the correct use of that term.
REMEMBER the MMD Code of Ethics! Read all you can about the model designer’s permissions. Some models have restrictions for their use. Look for permissions to share, redistribute, or modify the models. The YouTube video where you see the links … does it seem to you that he/she has the right to give you the links you see there … do they own the models or have the authority to supply those links? Be strong “:o) … It is fun to get new models, but, for peace in the Community, respect the ownership of the designers and follow their wishes regarding the use of their models.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.970991
Retrieved Text: Inspirational Models Of What Do You Lose but Still Keep Riddle – From the thousands of Models on the internet with regards to what do you lose but still keep riddle, we choices the very best collections having ideal quality solely for our visitor, and now this photographs ,in fact, one among photos choices within our good-looking photographs gallery concerning Inspirational Models Of What Do You Lose but Still Keep Riddle. I really hope you’ll as it.
submitted simply by William Henry at 2019-02-10 18:43:00. To see lots of models in Inspirational Models Of What Do You Lose but Still Keep Riddle models gallery please abide by this our web URL.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.970492
Retrieved Text: What are important topics in statistics that every data scientist must know? originally appeared on Quora: the knowledge sharing network where compelling questions are answered by people with unique insights.
If I were to pick one topic in statistics that every data scientist should know about, I'd say linear models. They unify many common statistical tests (t-tests, ANOVA, ANCOVA), and have many useful extensions (mixed models, generalized linear models, lasso and ridge regression). They are the modeling tool that I reliably start with.
I'm typically not in the business of building models, but I use linear models all the time when trying to create visualizations that dig into what's going on. If you see a strong pattern in a plot, it's a good idea to make that pattern explicit with a model. You can then look at the residuals to see the subtler trends that remain. That's particularly useful when the initial graphic is dominated by a known and uninteresting pattern. I explore this idea in depth in R for Data Science: model building.
Bear in mind George Box's maxim that "all models are wrong; some models are useful." I think an important part of a statistical mindset is to understand that uncovering Truth is extremely difficult, and even when possible, may be so complicated as to not be practically useful.
Data Science: What are the best R (and data science) blogs to follow on a regular basis?
R (programming language): How do I expose R code as a web service?
Programming Languages: What is your take on Julia language?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.962812
Retrieved Text: I'm new to the 3D printing world, but I've been doing some research over the past couple weeks.
I need a printer that is decent enough to make prototypes using simple 3D software (I use Blender for 3D models, but won't mind suggestions there also). The prototypes are for cases to hold small electronic components and will be generally around 2*4*4 inches. They will meet to be sturdy enough to hold and run screws through etc. I'm probably going to do about 1000 models before getting the right one and creating enough prototypes.
I'm fairly good with electronics and should be able to put it together easily.
I've generally heard mixed reviews about different printer sets and I don't have the budget to get one of the higher end models.
Given the pieces of requirements, do you see this working for what I'm looking to do? AND is blender going to be the easiest way to get prototyping models onto this thing or are there easier free software?
Browse other questions tagged extruder 3d-models 3d-design printer-building or ask your own question.
How to get consistent and accurate readings from thermocouples?
How can I learn to create models for 3d printing?
How can I make this rounded enclosure feasible to print?
Which 3D printer is good for beginners?
How can I make this model?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.953474
Retrieved Text: Met-Models is a photography site that features some of the most gorgeous female models ever seen. They offer an exclusive collection of high quality photos of models in different seductive poses and artistic settings.
Very decent quality work - really good stuff.
Really beautiful, European models featured.
A new model added every day (so you get to see lots of different faces, nice).
Navigation isn't that bad (for a site that hold so much content).
Video options are good, too.
Video sets are not being updating anymore (understandable though).
Not for people who are looking for something beyong softcore photos.
Met Models is definitely a great choice for the right people. With that I am just suggesting that you really check out the provided sample content and deep-dig the tour so you get a great idea of what type of photography you do find. From the perspective of quality and quantity I do not need to say much... the facts speak for themselves.
Has been last verified on 2017-04-26 and arrived at 99.78% accuracy.
Soft music in most of the videos. Small watermark.
Content Rotation: No, all true updates.
Live Webcams: Yes, 7 daily 2 hour Met Live Cams (free and $2.5m private shows).
350 KB/s (reviewers max: 367 KB/s / 2935 kbps).
2017-04-26: Quick Facts updated, contentCALC verified.
2010-10-14: Quick Facts updated, contentCALC verified.
2007-09-06: Met Models review now available.
2007-09-05: Quick Facts added, contentCALC activated, Sample Met Models galleries added.
2007-08-28: MetModels.com added to database.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.889448
Retrieved Text: What makes the free indian chat portal so special is the fact that they keep on adding new models to their list. These models are good looking and attractive and are well trained and groomed with the skills to satisfy their clients. The website administrators have stated that they carry out a talent hunt throughout the year and then after a strict selection process, recruit their models.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.884158
Retrieved Text: What makes the desi chat rooms portal so special is the fact that they keep on adding new models to their list. These models are good looking and attractive and are well trained and groomed with the skills to satisfy their clients. The website administrators have stated that they carry out a talent hunt throughout the year and then after a strict selection process, recruit their models.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.832195
Retrieved Text: Something that I do pretty often as a stylist is dress models for runway shows. I started doing this about two and half years ago, and it has been a HUGE training ground as to how to be a better stylist. I've learned what clothes are best for the runway, how to do a model lineup, what a good runway walk looks like, etc. So, for those of you wanting to pursue fashion styling, here are a couple of tips to prepare you for backstage at runway shows.
1. Wear all black - It's professional. Think of runway like the theater and of yourself as a stagehand. All black is the way to go.
2. Wear flat, closed toe shoes - Usually you're on your feet for a good 6-8 hours for a runway event. You want to be comfortable. You also wanted be protected from your toes being stepped on, rolling racks rolling over you, pins sticking you, etc.
3. Unzip & unbutton everything before the show starts - Your models will love you forever if you remember to do this because it will help clothing changes move faster!
5. Line clothes up left to right with the front of the outfit facing left - This is how people read, and this is how you look at clothes. Next time you're in a store look at how they organize their racks. It's just like this. This will help you stay organized and your models know what look comes first, second third, etc.
6. Use the model's comp card to mark

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.827551
Retrieved Text: Exactly solvable models, that is, models with explicitly and completely diagonalizable Hamiltonians are too few in number and insufficiently diverse to meet the requirements of modern quantum physics. Quasi-exactly solvable (QES) models (whose Hamiltonians admit an explicit diagonalization only for some limited segments of the spectrum) provide a practical way forward.
Although QES models are a recent discovery, the results are already numerous. Collecting the results of QES models in a unified and accessible form, Quasi-Exactly Solvable Models in Quantum Mechanics provides an invaluable resource for physicists using quantum mechanics and applied mathematicians dealing with linear differential equations. By generalizing from one-dimensional QES models, the expert author constructs the general theory of QES problems in quantum mechanics. He describes the connections between QES models and completely integrable theories of magnetic chains, determines the spectra of QES Schrödinger equations using the Bethe-Iansatz solution of the Gaudin model, discusses hidden symmetry properties of QES Hamiltonians, and explains various Lie algebraic and analytic approaches to the problem of quasi-exact solubility in quantum mechanics.
Because the applications of QES models are very wide, such as, for investigating non-perturbative phenomena or as a good approximation to exactly non-solvable problems, researchers in quantum mechanics-related fields cannot afford to be unaware of the possibilities of QES models.
Quasi-exact solvability. What does that mean?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.818849
Retrieved Text: Handheld GPS devices are becoming more and more popular for walking and hiking enthusiasts everywhere. With so many models available on the market today offering so many various features, it’s easy to become overwhelmed and confused about what you need, and what some of the features even mean.
Two basic questions that many people about using handheld GPS devices are “what are waypoints?” and “what is the distinction between routes and tracks?”. Here is a simple explanation that should give you a good understanding of these terms.
Waypoints are precise geographic locations defined by longitude and latitude. Waypoints can be recorded by your GPS unit by pressing the waypoint record button. Inexpensive portable GPS models have limited capacity and will keep relatively few waypoints; top models can store hundreds of waypoints, and you can even give them names and manage them within your GPS.
A track is a record, created by your GPS, of where you have been. As you go on your hiking expedition, your GPS device records track points and displays what many people describe as a “breadcrumb trail”. The track represents the road, trail, path, etc. that you followed. Curves are formed with short line segments, so the shape of the trail you have taken is more accurate than the straight-line segments representing a route. Tracks lets you easily go back to your starting point.
Some portable GPS models also let you download your track to your computer to create a record of your trip and print it if you wish. As in the case of waypoints,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.817076
Retrieved Text: The Modeling Advice.com web site is full information on modeling. But, after years of answering emails, there are some questions that keep coming up. The following are some of those questions.
How do I get started in Modeling? What are the height and size requirements for a high fashion model? Are there jobs for models who specialize in just parts of the body? How much do models make? Can a modeling agency tell just from a snap shot if I have what it takes to be a model? Are modeling conventions and searches a good place to start a modeling career or are they a total rip-off? Why is everyone giving different advice on modeling?
There is no single path to follow for getting started. Different models have found success through different routes. If you want to become a doctor, for example, there is a set course of schooling, experience, and testing to follow. But for a career in modeling, there is no clear path. Some of the ways that I know models have gotten started in the past are listed below. Although it is by no means an exhaustive list, it might help you launch your career in modeling.
Some models get started because they have an in. You hear stories of someone who has a friend who models and goes to a photo shoot with them and is then "discovered" by the photographer. Or maybe someone has an aunt who modeled or runs an agency and helped him or her get started. Others might work in a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.813965
Retrieved Text: Our first and most impactful gender role models are usually our mothers and fathers, and / or the carers / family members we were surrounded by day to day in our youngest, most formative years.
It is very useful in men's and women's groups to take time to share specifically about what we learned from our mother (&/or female role models) about gender roles, and what we learned from our father (&/or male role models).
How did I take on (or vowed never to take on) the patterns or beliefs of my same-gender parental figure? How did my other-gender parental figure/s relate to me as a girl, or as a boy?
How did my parents or carers influence my own gender identity?
How did their parents or carers influence theirs?
What did I learn from my friend's carers, and from other male or female role models (s/heroes, authority figures, etc.) ?
From there we can better understand our own deep beliefs and actual behaviours as adults, and as parents and carers of young people - whether they are our biological children or not.
How can we stop gender hurts being passed on to future generations?
How are the very different expectations of the roles of mothers and fathers impacting the lives of all of us?
How can we change the (conscious and unconscious) patriarchal structures at the core of our society that are transmitted in our own family settings, and in the institutions that we interact with day to day in our community, and in our wider society?
Below are some examples of men and women

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.804669
Retrieved Text: ANIME MATSURI'S FASHION SHOW MODEL APPLICATION.
Do you have what it takes to walk the runway of the biggest anime convention Fashion Show outside of Japan? Step out into the view of over 7,000 attendees alongside the most popular Japanese models and Guests.
This is your chance to grace the runway with the celebrities. All applicants must be pre-registered for the convention to be considered. If you have any questions, please email jfashion(at)animematsuri(dot)com Use the form below to apply. Good luck!
All applicants must be pre-registered for the convention.
If you have runway experience, please tell us for what event and when.
If you don't have experience you can leave this field blank.
Lingerie section of the fashion show is exclusive to only female models.
If you cannot link images, you can upload them here.
By checking this box, you agree to follow the guidelines and expectations explained below.
For Houston-area models, you are committed to attend all mandatory meetings and training sessions prior to the event.
For out-of-area models, you are committed to participate in team meetings remotely and follow self-study materials provided to you.
For all models, you are committed all day Thursday and Friday for required fittings, pre-rehearsal, dress rehearsal, and final checks prior to the show on Friday evening. We recommend that out-of-area models plan to arrive Wednesday evening.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.776357
Retrieved Text: Apple Macbook Pro 2016 models are coming soon and the famous 3D Design Renderer is back again with his best macbook pro 2016 models concept designs in a beautiful rendering. As the rumors from trusted sources claim that the next generation apple macbook pro 2016 models will replace macbook air line up by becoming thinner and lighter, Martin Hajek rendered these images matching the rumors very closely.
His 12 inch macbook design concepts and iPhone 6 Design and Renderings were so close and let’s hope we see similar macbook pro 2016 models this year too. It looks stunning and the 15 inch model macbook pro shown in his renderings didn’t loose the design factors in the display and in the keyboard area. Speaker position is same and the layout looks pretty much same as current macbook pro models.
It’s good and i too don’t think that apple needs to make any changes in these areas. But thinner, lighter and cutting the heat is what much necessary. I am waiting for macbook pro 2016 models to upgrade this year, and i hope apple will surprise me :).
Alright, what do you think about the all new macbook pro 2016 models, release date and rumors? What other changes externally and internally you think apple will bring this June during WWDC 2016 event? Feel free to write your views in the comment box below. Thanks for reading and have a wonderful day.

================



======= Instance Index 4699 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Group 16 is called the oxygen group. The first three elements in this group are nonmetals. They are followed by one metalloid and one metal. All the elements in the oxygen group have six valence electrons, and all are reactive. Oxygen (O), for example, readily reacts with metals to form compounds such as rust. Oxygen is a gas at room temperature. The other four elements in group 16 are solids.


Q: Group 16 is called what?

 Choices:

- the acid group

- the oxygen group

- noble gases

- metalloids

A:

Target Text: the oxygen group

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.165397
Retrieved Text: Eleven toilets have been ‘twinned’ in Cheltenham, following the fundraising efforts of a group of confirmation candidates.
Toilet twinning is an initiative where people can donate £60 to help fund a ‘twin’ toilet for someone in desperate poverty.
During Lent 2018, Tim Mayfield, Vicar and Mike Smith, Assistant Curate at Christ Church, Cheltenham, led a course in practical discipleship called ‘Life on the Open Road’ (co-authored by Tim Mayfield and Janet Faull). The course doubled as an adult confirmation course.
One of the sessions of the course was about justice, and course member Sara Hicks floated the possibility of doing some toilet-twinning. This project was just what the group needed to give it focus once ‘Life on the Open Road’ had finished. We identified Sunday 10 June 10 for a bacon butty morning at Christ Church, aiming to raise £660 to twin all eleven of Christ Church’s toilets.
In the end, the group was exhilarated by the response: the Christ Church congregation responded very generously, and the target was smashed – an incredible £991 was raised. The group is pictured just after this total was announced. Two members were confirmed by Bishop Robert on 12 May, and two more were baptised by full immersion on Saturday 16 June 16.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.001126
Retrieved Text: Our parish along with Hampton Hill’s St Francis de Sales co-run 3:16 Youth Club.
The Group is called 3:16 (ref. John 3:16 : ‘For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life’).
The Youth Club is open for children in year 7-10 and meets on Fridays between 7pm-9pm in the Emmanuel Centre. Each session costs £3, which includes pizza and a drink.
We have table tennis, table football, Wii, XBox, Board games, arts and crafts, giant Jenga etc or just cushions and areas to chill in. Each session has social time, group activities and group discussions.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.951558
Retrieved Text: Do you know what I like about spring? Sure, the temperature's rising but that's just natural. No, what I like about it is on Flickr we have a lot of instant film aficionados and we have a little group called 'Roid Week. It's been running for over a decade and is fabulous. Even on a wet Utata Thursday Walk, the thought of doing it for 'Roid Week is reason enough. So tag your photos with utata:project=tw627 and post one small image in this thread. And if it's instant film, all the sweeter.
Utata Thursday Walk 627 has 16 entries.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.803764
Retrieved Text: Theatrical show premiered on October 16, 1994 in the Sant Julià Church (Municipal Theater) of Besalú (Girona).
Creation of a small monodic burlesque melody called "What a party...", to incorporate it in the scenic proposal of the theatrical show "The imaginary patient" from Molière.
Assigment of the theatrical group of Besalú, for using it in his version of this famous work from french playwright, during 1994.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.5897
Retrieved Text: What is the church, and what significance does it have to the believer?
A modern view is that church is engaged when people of similar Christian beliefs choose to meet together for worship and instruction. However, that is not, strictly speaking, a biblical perspective.
Timothy 3:15), and congregations are “churches of Christ” (Romans 16:16).
​Thus church fulfils a divine purpose. It is His will that we do not forsake “the assembling of ourselves together, as is the manner of some” (Hebrews 12:25). Church is not as optional as some might think: it is the desire of God that Christians assemble.
The Greek term for the church, which is also related to the Hebrew terms for assembly, is ecclesia, and it implies a group of people who have been called out for a purpose.
God has always been involved in creating communities of faith. It is God who gathers people into the church.
In the New Testament the words church or churches are used to describe what today we would call house groups (Romans 16:5; 1Corinthians 16:19; Philemon 2), urban congregations (Romans 16:23; 2 Corinthians 1:1; 1 Thessalonians 1:1), churches spread throughout an entire area (Acts 9:31; 1 Corinthians 16: 19; Galatians 1:2), and also the entire community of believers in the then known world (Ephesians 5:25; 1 Corinthians 12:28, 14:12; Philippians 3:6).
Hence church is a group or groups of believers and the name applied to the company of the faithful. As “the Lord knows those who are His” (2 Timothy 2:19), He alone knows the composition of His church.
Just as Jesus is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.583051
Retrieved Text: After almost a year of behind-the-scenes work, billionaire hedge-fund manager John Paulson has formed a coalition with 15 other founding members aimed at curbing years of what his hedge fund has called value destruction in the gold sector.
John Hathaway — who is a general partner at Tocqueville Asset Management LP — and activist fund Livermore Partners are among those who have agreed to join the group, according to an emailed statement from the newly formed Shareholders’ Gold Council. The idea for the group was first floated by Paulson & Co. during the Denver Gold Forum last September.
Gold was trading around $1,300 an ounce, about $90 higher than current spot prices, when Paulson announced plans to unite big institutional gold investors around common issues.
He has formed a coalition with 15 other founding members aimed at curbing years of what his hedge fund has called value destruction in the gold sector.
Since then, there has been no noticeable improvement in behavior, said Kim, who delivered a blistering presentation to investors at the 2017 Denver Gold Forum. He had cited almost a decade of mismanagement by gold miners and called for institutional investors to exert more influence on issues like executive pay, board appointments and merger activity. The sector had incurred $85 billion of write-offs since 2010, he said at the time, while continuing to reward executives.
The Shareholders’ Gold Council will be headed by Christian Godin, a former senior vice president at Montrusco Bolton Investments. Launching it took longer than expected because of compliance issues and housekeeping challenges dealing with

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.471614
Retrieved Text: Leanne Wood visited a Rhondda secondary school to talk to a group of teenage girls about self-esteem, confidence and the importance of ambition and determination in life.
The Rhondda AM called into Porth Community School after a session with the pupils was arranged by Head of Upper School Lindsey Walters.
The talk covered topics such as careers’ options, mental health, Brexit, votes at 16 and challenging gender stereotypes.
Leanne added: “It was a pleasure to share my experiences of defying what people expect of a working class woman from the Rhondda.
“No matter what your background, there is nothing to stop anyone from the Rhondda following their dreams, achieving their ambitions and being a success.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.428734
Retrieved Text: A new robotics startup called Anki helped kick off Apple’s WWDC keynote today with a demo of its car-racing game. Now that it’s out of stealth, Anki is saying a bit more about what it’s doing.
Founded by a group of Carnegie Mellon robotics PhDs, Anki has raised $50 million from Andreessen Horowitz, Index Ventures and Two Sigma; it has been in stealth mode for the past 16 months.
Here’s a teaser video that doesn’t show much, but looks like it’s about to go viral, and here’s a video of the founders talking about their ideas.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.35944
Retrieved Text: Polsat turned out to be the unquestionable leader of viewership in the commercial group 16-49 in the first quarter of 2015, with 13.4% SHR. As the only channel among the so called ‘Great Four’ Polsat improved its audience share by 2% y-o-y. The remaining channels noted a fall in audience shares: TVN (12.67% SHR – decrease by 3%), TVP1 (8.87% SHR – decrease by 15%) and TVP2 (8.36% - decrease by 6%).
Polsat Group also recorded very good results in the commercial group 16-49 with a result of 24% SHR. Compared to the corresponding period of 2014, the Group improved its audience share by 1.5%.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.325621
Retrieved Text: 22 유경훈 Sub-group of SIOH patient groups according to drug response record.
18 한지예 Pharmacoinformatics tools in Drug discovery and Development activities.
16 서희원 Called SNVs Comparison Between Two Platform Sequencing Techonologies and Promethease.
14 윤준희 Plan for Server-client communication.
01 서희원 Phenotypic signature practicality.
25 서희원 Personal Genome Seminar Preview: Establishing phenotypic signatures to infer relevant phenotypic characteristics using semantic similarity calculation.
08 서희원 Gene-set Wise Approach for Disease Susceptibility Genes on PubMed.
16 서희원 Gene-set wise approach using KEGG pathway.
22 서희원 Phenotypic signature using genomic variant annotation on semantic network.
30 서희원 Genotype Look and Feel: Genome Data Mining for Phenotypic Signature.
19 서희원 Unknown Variant Effect Imputation by Nearby Annotated Variants.
21 윤준희 LASTZ introduction, PharmGKB mapping strategy.
22 조용래 How to consist of entries extracted from pathway DBs.
15 박찬희 HDF 가 우리에게 유용한가?
14 한미령 What is the next step?
17 한미령 Database localization & How to make matrix?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.231406
Retrieved Text: Pickering-based group Mother Anti-frackers are launching a children’s drawing competition “My Childhood Ryedale”, which will run from 13th August – 13th September.
There are four age categories: Under 5, 6-11, 12-15 and 16-18. There will be three prizes per category, judged by a panel of local artists and esteemed dignitaries.
Entries *must* be on A4 sized paper.
On the back please put the child’s name, age, a contact phone number, what the creative piece is called, and the word ‘YES’ if you are happy for it to be used for publicity around the event.
Any medium can be used – paint, collage, charcoal, crayon, pencil, etc.
Please send entries to: My Childhood Ryedale Competition, Pickering Memorial Hall, Potter Hill YO18 8AA.
Winning entries will be contacted shortly afterwards, and the group are currently seeking premises for an exhibition of all the artworks. Watch this space!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.20503
Retrieved Text: Keeping Up with the Kardashians theme song 2019 - Who's it by?
Keeping Up with the Kardashians season 16 is finally here.
Almost all the family have reunited for another year of hilarious moments including, Kris, Grandma MJ, Scott Disick, Kylie, Khloe, Kendall, Kourtney and Kim.
Not only that, but season 16 has come with a slight change to the normal theme song!
So, what is the Keeping Up with the Kardashians theme song and who is it by?
Who is the KUWTK theme song by?
The Keeping Up with the Kardashians season 16 theme song was created by American pop group, Francis and the Lights.
They originated in Oakland, Calfornia and self-released their first album ‘Striking’ in 2007.
The group have worked with Bon Iver, Chance the Rapper and Kanye West – which could be the very reason they’ve ended up on the KUWTK theme tune.
The catchy tune is called ‘Morning’ and you can listen to the full song via YouTube.
Is the season 16 theme song different from last year?
The theme tune for KUWTK is still pretty much the same.
However, for season 16 Kanye West’s song ‘Runaway’ (ft. Pusha T) has been added.
‘Runaway’ is from Kanye’s 2010 album, ‘My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy’, which featured other hits such as ‘All Of The Lights’ and ‘POWER’.
All the regular faces make a return for season 16.
Momager Kris Jenner and her beau Corey Gamble are still going strong.
Kim Kardashian-West, Kanye, and their three children will feature in the show.
Kourtney Kardashian, Scott Disick and their babies will continue to be on KUWTK and Kendall Jenner, Kylie and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.104334
Retrieved Text: Council works more smoothly where the opposition works as a critical friend, assisting the administration whenever possible and suggesting healthy alternatives whenever necessary, all in the interest of effectively serving the residents.
But what happened in Harrow under the previous opposition leader Cllr Hall, was a kind of ‘punch and judy’ attitude by her and her deputy at the Council meetings or the cabinet question times, symbolised by wasting council time, cheap personal attacks, Bin point scoring and so on.
Cllr Barry Macleod-Cullinane is still deputy leader of the opposition Tory group.
The group seems to have calmed down under Cllr Paul Osborn leadership. Meeting atmosphere has improved and undue pressure on officer time has eased – for example, Tory questions at a cabinet meeting have now been 10 compared with up to 72 previously (such a high volume of questions in a 15 minutes slot at the meetings was absurd and served no purpose other than point scoring at the meetings).
As a norm, leader of the council is addressed as ‘leader’ by the councillors asking questions at the meetings chaired by the leader, and the leader calls the councillors by their first name, giving a sense of being colleagues.
In the cabinet meeting on 16 November 2017, the good atmosphere of the meeting was somewhat spoiled as the deputy leader of the Tory group arrogantly asked not to shorten his name when the council leader Cllr Sachin Shah called him by his first name for the question (13.20 on the timeline), and then Cllr Macleod-Cullinane addressed the leader as

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.099635
Retrieved Text: Anonymous: Who, Us? Attack Facebook?
Call off the alarms: It turns out that hacktivist group Anonymous is not planning an attack on Facebook on Guy Fawkes Day, November 5.
Call off the alarms: It turns out that hacktivist group Anonymous is not planning an attack on Facebook on Guy Fawkes Day, November 5. Rather, the plan is an initiative of a few rogue Anonymous members.
Doesn’t that make you feel safer already?
ZDNet’s Friending Facebook blog reports that Anonymous has denied involvement in what is being called Operation Facebook, via a pair of Twitter accounts that the group has used in the past to communicate with the media.
Finding Facebook also pointed out that Anonymous usually offers only a few days’ notice before its attacks, and that news of Operation Facebook was uncharacteristically slow to spread following the July 16 creation of Twitter account @OP_Facebook and a FacebookOp YouTube channel.
Finding Facebook said Facebook did not reply to its request for comment, but it perhaps indirectly responded to the threat with a post on the Facebook Safety Blog introducing its security team.
Readers, are you concerned about the possibility of an attack on Facebook November 5?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.053581
Retrieved Text: I am an educator and I love writing. I am also a freelance columnist.
I am work as a college lecturer and teach Journalism to post-graduate students.
In my journalism career, I have worked with leading media houses such as The Times of India, Web18 (CNN-IBN group), DNA, and The Telegraph for the past 16 years. I specialise in writing on Indian cinema and was the film critic at DNA and later at Web18 (Network 18, CNN-IBN group).
I am also an expert in launching media start-ups. I played a pivotal role in launching the regional newspaper for The Times Of India called Ei Samay, a part of the Samay series of newspapers.
Previously at Web18 (CNN-IBN group), I played a prominent role in re-designing and re-launching the portal in.com. Over the years, I have launched several successful media ventures for my employers.
I started my journalism career with The Telegraph.
I started a blog called during May, 2013.
My blogs were based on my professional experiences as a journalist. I often shared investigative insights about the Indian Film Industry in Mumbai. Some of the most recognised names in Indian cinema blogged with me.
Subsequently, I was recognised as one of the most popular bloggers in India in 2015.
In 2015, the blog made way for the popular website bollywoodjournalist.com.
Today, the website is one of the most popular blogging platforms on the Indian Film and Entertainment Industry.
This is my personal website where I sometimes write what occupies my mind. Scroll below to read them.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.024242
Retrieved Text: Secret money mystery: Who are Marco Rubio’s puppeteers?
Who’s pulling Marco Rubio’s strings? We don’t know. And under the rules (such as they are), we aren’t supposed to know.
This has to be one of the sleaziest factoids of the ’16 campaign: Rubio is being ballyhooed in TV ads that are blitzing the airwaves in early primary states — Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina — but his campaign hasn’t paid a penny for TV. The actual sponsor, for all the pro-Rubio ads and a slew of pro-Rubio mailings, is something called the Conservative Solutions Project, a group that has already spent $8 million to boost the boy wonder … without disclosing its donors.
Every TV ad, paid for with dark money. We’ve never seen this level of beneficence before.
What a great deal for Rubio’s secret backers! They pay for his ads, and we have no idea who they are or what they want in return. And it’s totally legal. Backstage bribery is arguably the biggest scandal of the ’16 campaign, and it goes on every day. For this, we can thank the U.S. Supreme Court’s Citizens United ruling (which freed wealthy donors and corporations to give as much as they want, under the principle that the more money you have, the more speech you can buy); a tax code that’s riddled with loopholes; and toothless federal enforcement.
Yes, the plethora of super PACs — which aid their favorite candidates, without coordinating with the candidates’ campaigns — are indeed required to disclose their donors. But there’s a whole other category,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.004448
Retrieved Text: added according to party results in Overshadow #16 . By a group (or scener?) called STORM.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.956677
Retrieved Text: This is a mixed up Alphabet quiz. The first letter of each answer is a letter from the alphabet, and it is used only once.
1. The right honourable William Pitt had what nickname?
2. Professor Dumbledore is in charge of which school?
3. With which book do you associate Captain Ahab?
5. Who sang with Elton John on 'Don't Go Breaking My Heart'?
6. What is the name of the hotel in Stephen King's The Shining?
7. Who had hits with, 'Lets Twist Again' and 'The Twist'?
8. Which Monarchs reign started in 1837?
9. What is the highest waterfall in the world?
10. Which dog breed is a cross between a greyhound and a collie?
11. Thermal Imaging uses what type of electromagnetic radiation?
13. Which natural feature lies between the two great lakes of Ontario and Erie?
14. The Underwood brothers played for England at which sport?
15. Which letter is the car registration for Germany?
16. Which band's debut album was called 'Boy'?
17. What is 40 in Roman numerals?
18. Who originally sang, 'I Will Survive'?
19. Which childrens TV character lived on Scatterbrook Farm?
20. What is a group of lions called?
21. Where do Tribbles first appear, Star Trek or Star Wars?
22. What investigative character was played by Angela Lansbury?
23. Which is the closest planet to Earth?
24. What is the name of the boys gang in 'Grease'?
25. What hat do you associate with Tommy Cooper?
26. The Hindenburg disaster featured what type of airship?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.93674
Retrieved Text: Regehr, T.D.. "Brethren in Christ". The Canadian Encyclopedia, 16 December 2015, Historica Canada. https://www.thecanadianencyclopedia.ca/en/article/brethren-in-christ. Accessed 18 April 2019.
Brethren in Christ (identified as "Tunkers" in Canada in the 19th century) were a group of Christians who shared the Anabaptist belief in adult baptism.
Brethren in Christ (identified as "Tunkers" in Canada in the 19th century) were a group of Christians who shared the Anabaptist belief in adult baptism. They trace their origins to 1770 when concerned members of the Mennonite, Lutheran and Baptist churches in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, broke with the formalism of their parent churches. The organization of the new group was very loose and various small independent groups emerged, the most important of which were probably the so-called River Brethren.
After the American Revolution, many of the Brethren, who had taken a pacifist position in that conflict, immigrated to what is now Ontario, where their pacifist convictions were officially recognized and respected in the Militia Act of 1793. Canada's roughly 2500 adult Brethren in Christ participate in the international relief activities of the Mennonite Central Committee, but their church has retained a separate denominational identity in Canada and the US.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.882428
Retrieved Text: Fig. 175. The excavation and documentation carried out in the so-called 'Midianite Sanctuary'. In the foreground is a small group of vertical stones which emerged from the trench. (Site HK 24; EA99: XVI-16; WARA W06033).

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.8776045
Retrieved Text: It was 1957-58 at Christopher Columbus High School in the Bronx where Lenny Del Giudice and Howie Margolin formed the nucleus of what was eventually to become the "Demensions." Under the guidance of one of their teachers, Jack Finestone, Lenny Dell (as he was soon called) sang lead and 2nd tenor, while Howie Margolin was the baritone and bass. The Bronx teens were members of the Melody Singers, the school choral group.
Howie Margolin coined the name "Demensions" because he thought his group was multi-dimensional or, as he said back then, "We had a lot of scope." The group spelled their name with an "e" rather than the customary"i" to catch the public's attention. In any case, they couldn't be confused with any other group as the "Demensions."
Len's dad, Lou, had played the famed Copacabana Nightclub in Manhattan with bandleader and Mohawk label topper, Irving Spice. He invited Spice to his home to hear the young group.
Spice, (who had issued the very first recordings by Dion on Mohawk), was immediately impressed and he signed the Demensions to a recording contract.
Lenny had his original arrangement of the standard, "Over the Rainbow," and a new song he and Howie wrote called "Nursery Rhyme Rock." They were putting the finishing touches on the songs to be recorded when Charlie announced he was leaving the group to go to college. Lenny, dumfounded, told his parents over dinner. "How about your Uncle Phil?," Mom chimed in, and the rest is history. Although Phil Del Giudice was twice the age of the other

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.857362
Retrieved Text: This was how the building was described, as part of a group called 15, 16, 17 West Borough, in its first listing in 1952.
In a new listing in february 1983, the decription was revised; Nos 15, 16, 17 were described separately as Nos 31, 33, 35 and what was formerly listed as part of Nos 15, 16, 17″ was called No 37 West Borough.
Early C19. Similar in character to the adjoined terrace. Colourwashed brick walls, low slated roof. Brick stacks. Two storeys, occupyingthe same total height as he 3 storeys of the adjoining terrace. Ground floor has central archway leading to rear. South of this, one double hung sash window with glazing bars. North of the arch, a large opening with ledged doors. First floor has 3 double hung sashes with glazing bars. The large first floor room may have had some public function. It has a segmental plaster ceiling, with moulded cornice and ornamental ceiling roses now rather delapidated.
Attempts to pin down an exact date for the building have proved unsuccessful. The site was occupied (by what looks like a little house) on a map of 1620 found in the Kingston Lacy archives.
In Woodwards survey of 1775 for the Kingston Lacy Estate a leasehold house and garden was occupied by Widow Pearcy and the plots on either side were described in the same way as house and garden (some leasehold, some freehold, some copyhold).
All the plots are a regular size, with buildings only on the road. As the buildings currently to the north are thatched

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.8428
Retrieved Text: Adamo Group is called upon regularly for a variety of emergency work, including sinkholes, fires, and debris and hazardous materials management. Because these events commonly occur within city limits – affecting thousands of residents, businesses, and commuters – time is of the utmost importance. We work closely with police, firefighters, city officials, public works personnel, and other contractors to assess damage and quickly develop and implement responses.
Adamo Group was called upon by the City of Detroit to handle the emergency repairs of a massive sinkhole that opened on the City's west side. The 16-foot-deep and 30-foot-wide hole was the result of a broken water main. Because of the chasm's enormity, it was referred to as the 'Monster Sinkhole' by local new reporters.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.83639
Retrieved Text: Ephesians 2:4-9---But because of his great love for us, God, who is rich in mercy, made us alive with Christ even when we were dead in transgressions--it is by grace you have been saved. And God raised us up with Christ and seated us with him in the heavenly realms in Christ Jesus, in order that in the coming ages he might show the incomparable riches of his grace, expressed in his kindness to us in Christ Jesus. For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith--and this not from yourselves, it is the gift of God-- not by works, so that no one can boast.
Baptism in no way minimizes or nullifies God’s grace as some critics argue that baptism does. They make this argument because they do not understand the role baptism plays in God’s salvation plan. Baptism in Jesus name-confirms and verifies God’s grace to us! God’s grace is manifested in baptism- READ MK 16:16; I Peter 3:20-21! after we are baptized in Jesus name and received the gift of the Holy Spirit (Acts 2:38), His grace continues to cover us.
God made us alive in Christ when we were dead—and this is God’s grace.
God’s grace is through faith.
When did God make us alive when we were dead, and raise us up with Christ? What is Paul talking about?
“Do you not know that all of us who have been baptized into Christ Jesus were baptized into his death? We were buried therefore with him by baptism into death, so that as Christ was

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.828407
Retrieved Text: Contact Classie Entertainment Agency 404-462-4592 to book R&B sensation group H-Town. The group is made up of twin brothers Keven Conner and Solomon Conner. Just like Beyonce the twins are from Houston, Texas and thus is where the group name H-Town derived from. The group has produced multiple albums including there latest project released in 2015 called "Child Support". Prior album include: 'Imitation of Life', 'Fever for da Flavor', "Ladies edition, Woman's World" and "Beggin After Dark".
Contact us to book H-Town for all special events including: Homecomings, Corporate, International Events, Event Appearances, Private Events, College fairs, My Super Sweet 16 Party.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.736721
Retrieved Text: Tunis: Members of the radical Salafist group Ansar Al Sharia are among the armed Al Qaida-linked jihadists the military is tracking in Tunisia’s western region bordering Algeria, the interior ministry said on Friday.
“Some active elements of what is called Ansar Al Sharia belong to the terrorist group in Mount Chaambi,” ministry spokesman Mohammad Ali Aroui told a news conference.
The Salafist group, which has been blamed for numerous acts of violence in Tunisia since the 2011 revolution, has in the past denied any link to the group being hunted in the remote border region.
Aroui said security forces had arrested five “terrorists” at the end of May, adding that another 40 had been detained between December and April.
He showed pictures of 19 Tunisian jihadists implicated in the unrest in Mount Chaambi and gave the names of seven others, all Algerian.
Authorities have been hunting the group since December, when it launched an attack on a border post that killed a member of the national guard.
The army intensified its search at the end of April, after landmines planted by the Islamists to protect their base in the border region wounded 16 members of the security forces.
Since the revolution that ousted Zine Al Abidine Bin Ali in January 2011, extremists suppressed under the former dictator have become increasingly active and have carried a wave of attacks, notably on the US embassy in September last year.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.717743
Retrieved Text: The Hero Book is an art and narrative group therapy workshop in which participants rewrite the story of their own lives with themselves as a hero. It is profound in its simplicity and uses a combination of methods - e.g. drawing and colour, talking and writing, movement and reflection. This programme was facilitated initially by an external facilitator, Claire Barry who trained women groups in Lavender Hill and in Vrygrond. In total 53 women were trained. She then trained staff who in turn facilitate personal self development programmes for NWF including elements of Hero Book. This is to enable the programme to be rolled out to meet the needs of the community (the community needs analysis survey identified personal self development programmes as an important need).
During the 16 Days of Activism Against Violence Against Women and Children Campaign 2011, there were 16 women that were brave enough to use the medium of storytelling to tell their stories to a writer who then recorded the stories for a printed anthology. Most of these women had participated in the Hero Book and the story telling initiative was a step closer to being healed. It was not so easy for them, drawing up all that pain and history of violence, some of which they still currently experience. Germaine Greer‟s theory “the personal is political” rings true even until today after very progressive laws and policies have been passed worldwide to protect our marginalized groups. The 16 selected women have been failed by our country, our society, the community, and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.700182
Retrieved Text: That’s how I introduced myself to coach Peter at LondonThunder. He laughed and told me that wasn’t true – but everyone, including Peter, seemed to be tall from where I was standing. And I was wearing the wrong clothes – leggings instead of basketball shorts. I felt how I used to when I was last to be picked to play netball.
Peter told me to join the warm-up, led by one of the group, before he called us together to run through the session. As we gathered together I realised it wasn’t just height that was different about this group – everyone else was young, young enough to be my children or grandchildren. I took a breath.
Kat and I were the two new faces so Peter asked us to introduce ourselves to the group. Kat explained she’d recently moved to London and was looking for a team to play with regularly again. I started to explain Freyathlon but someone (Hello Esther!) already knew about me and my escapades. Introductions completed, we started a conditioning session.
‘Because they’re under 16, it’s important they learn how to move properly and strengthen their knees,’ Peter told me. I wondered how my older knees would take to a strength and conditioning session.
We hopped, we jumped, we lunged, we planked, we pressed, we crunched.
Most of it went well but my jumps left something to be desired. The trainer asked us to take six jumps, and my six jumps covered the same distance that most of the group covered in two jumps. And I

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.688377
Retrieved Text: How Well Do You Know League Of Legends Ults?
1. What is Annie’s ult called?
2. What is Nidalee's ult called?
3. What is Ashe's ult called?
4. What is Karthus's ult called?
5. What is Sivir's ult called?
6. What is Sona's ult called?
7. What is Karma's ult called?
8. What is Lucian's ult called?
9. What is Shen's ult called?
10. What is Rek'Sai's ult called?
11. What is Lissandra's ult called?
12. What is Kha'Zix's ult called?
13. What is Irelia's ult called?
14. What is Soraka's ult called?
15. What is Azir's ult called?
16. What is Teemo's ult called?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.625732
Retrieved Text: American musician, singer, songwriter, actress and producer, born March 16, 1954 in San Francisco, California, USA.
Nancy Wilson joined her sister Ann to form rock group Heart in the 70's. She has recorded solo LP's and formed in the 90's, always with her sister, a more pop oriented group called The Lovemongers. She was married to film director Cameron Crowe (divorced).

================



======= Instance Index 7127 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 




Q: What is required for communication?

 Choices:

- lack and reception of signals

- transmission and weight of signals

- weight and reception of signals

- transmission and reception of signals

A:

Target Text: transmission and reception of signals

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.377493
Retrieved Text: * What input/output capacity is required?
* What type of inputs/outputs are required?
* What size of memory is required?
* What speed is required of the CPU?
* The starting point in determining any solution must be to understand what is to be achieved.
output devices the system requires.
* List the function required and identify a specific type of device.
* The need for special operations in addition to discrete (On/Off) logic.
* List the advanced functions required beside simple discrete logic.
• Output voltage and current.
How fast the control system must operate (speed of operation).
house the control system in an appropriate IP-rated enclosure.When determining speed of operation. In harsh environments. or to allow an operator to input data. Physical Environment The physical environment in which the control system will be located. troubleshooting or reprogramming. Communication can take place locally through a twisted-pair wire. communication. In order to convey information about machine or process status. they can be used for data input. pilot lights and LED numeric display. Object 1 . Traditional operator interfaces include pushbuttons. i. or remotely via telephone or radio modem. Consider the environment where the control system will be located. Communication involves sharing application data or status with another electronic device.e. Electronic operator interface devices display messages about machine status in descriptive text. display part count and track alarms. Also. Remember to consider accessibility for maintenance. many applications require operator interfaces. consider these points: – How fast does the process occur or machine operate? – Are there “time critical” operations or events that must be detected? – In what

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.242897
Retrieved Text: What service do we want to create?
For whom do we create the service?
What kind of devices do they have?
What are the devices communication capabilities?
Do we need a client program for user device?
What is our communication model?
What is required from user & how can we help on it?
What can we optimise in the service?
Who may push data to mobile devices?
Is the communication capability always on at user's device?
E.g. is Bluetooth communication capability turned on by default?
Limitations to amount of subscribees?
Is there a need to create one?
Do you need to store data at the device?
Can data be stored & how much space is available?
Whats required from the user?
Is the wireless connection creation simple enough?
What is too much automation?
Can the user know when the selections are done?
Computers are integrated in everyday objects like motors.
“The most profound technologies are those that disappear. The weave themselves into the fabric of everyday life until they are indistinguishable from it” - Weiser, The computer of the 21st century, Scientific American, September 1991.
Pervasive computing - Technology & architectures of mobile internet applications - Jochen Burkhardt et al.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.635162
Retrieved Text: MyODP: Required Trainings - Harry M.
Required Trainings - Harry M.
Deaf Services - Harry M. – provides information on the settlement agreement in the case of Harry M. versus DPW. This case focused on communication access for people who are deaf and served through the Consolidated Waiver. Required activities and responsibilities of various professional stakeholders are outlined in separate courses.
Two-part required training for all Supports Coordinators in the event that they currently serve or will serve someone who is deaf. Information on what all SCs need to know and specific activities for SCs currently serving individuals who are deaf.
Required training for all investigators, licensing inspectors, and monitors. Overview of Harry M. Settlement, Deaf Culture, unique needs of people with intellectual disabilities who are deaf and communication.
All Provider Agencies/Administrators that are currently serving individuals with an intellectual disability who are deaf are required to view this training. Overview of Harry M. Settlement, Deaf Culture, unique needs of people with intellectual disabilities who are deaf, expectation of providers, communication, documentation and the Deaf Services Coordinator.
Required training for All Provider Staff currently serving individuals with an intellectual disability who are deaf. Overview of Harry M. Settlement, Deaf Culture, unique needs of people with intellectual disabilities who are deaf, expectation of providers, and the Deaf Services Coordinator.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.356019
Retrieved Text: Quick summary: Students create a communication tool to explain what Australians need to do to manage our water for the future. They explain why water is essential for the environment, our health, agriculture and industry. Within their communication tool they explain what they believe are the appropriate solutions.
Develop a communication tool that can explain Australia’s water issues to a wide audience.
Communicate what they believe are the appropriate solutions to addressing the future water issues.
Use their communication tool as part of a presentation.
Syllabus outcomes: SC5-7WS, SC5-8WS, SC5-9WS, EN5-1A.
Time required: 60 + mins, plus presentation time.
Learning areas addressed: Science, Geography, English.
Level of teacher scaffolding: Facilitate class discussion, assist with research, organise and assess the student presentations.
Resources required: Computers, art material, digital projector or smartboard.
Homework and extension opportunities: This activity could be partly set as home work.
Keywords: Water, Discussion, Communication, Presentation, Group, Research, Issue.
1. Create a communication tool that explains Australia’s water future and what they believe are the most appropriate solutions.
2. Use their communication tool as part of a presentation to their class or another audience.
Part 1: As a class or individually, identify and show links between water issues that will affect Australia in the future. Include the high demand for water across Australia, the frequent droughts and the possible impact of climate change on managing water resources. Task One on the Student Worksheet may be filled out by students in order to complete this part.
Part 2: Discuss who students will be presenting the communication tools to (this may be the class, student body, staff faculty members or

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.30613
Retrieved Text: Description: A program that focuses on human and media communication in the political process and that prepares individuals to function as members of political and public affairs organizations, political campaign staffs, and related government and media entities. Includes instruction in media effects, political speaking and debating, political advertising and marketing, image management, political journalism, opinion polling, and aspects of print and broadcast media related to the production and distribution of media messages in political settings. Is Political Communication the right major for you?
What Courses Do Political Communication Majors Take?
The required and elective courses you would take for Political Communication majors vary considerably among institutions. Courses are listed here that are illustrative of the breadth of topics you are likely to experience were you to major in this field.
What other majors are related to Political Communication?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.266951
Retrieved Text: After reviewing the Reading & Study items for this module/week, explain why competent communication is important in the field of criminal justice. Provide specific examples as well as a citation from the required readings or presentations. Also provide a personal example of a scenario in which competent communication was not used. If you have had personal experience in the criminal justice field, draw from this. Explain what the result of not using competent communication was.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.232187
Retrieved Text: A Communication Management Approach contains a description of the means and frequency of communication to parties both internal and external to the project, e.g. what is being communicated, to whom is it being communicated, and how often. It facilitates engagement with stakeholders through the establishment of a controlled and bi-directional flow of information.
Advice The Communication Management Approach is derived from the: Corporate communications policies (e.g. rules for disclosure for publicly listed companies); The programme’s information management strategy; Other components of the Project Initiation Documentation (in particular the project management team structure, the Risk Management Strategy, Quality Management Approach and Change Control Approach); Facilitated workshops/informal discussions with stakeholders; and Stakeholder analysis. A Communication Management Approach can take a number of formats, including: Stand-alone product or a section in the Project Initiation Documentation; Document, spreadsheet or mindmap; Entry in a project management tool.
What does the Communication Management Approach document contain? It contains a description of the means and frequency of communication to internal & external parties. This can also include the Programme Management if the project is part of a programme. The Project Manager is responsible for creating the Communication Management Approach during the Initiation Phase of the project. This should be reviewed during the Managing a Stage Boundary Process to ensure that key stakeholders are receiving the required communication.
An introduction to remind the reader on the purpose of the document for this project.
Communication Procedure: A description of the communications methods that will be used, such as electronic mail, meetings, and presentations.
Tools & techniques, such as e-mail, internet,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.181392
Retrieved Text: Description: A program that focuses on how people, individually and collectively, understand and accommodate to health and illness and the role of communication and media in shaping professional health care messages and public acceptance of these messages. Includes instruction in the development and use of health-related and care-related messages and media; the goals and strategies of health care promotion; relationships, roles, situations, and social structures in the context of health maintenance and promotion; and applications to disease prevention, health advocacy, and communications concerning treatments. Is Health Communication the right major for you?
What Courses Do Health Communication Majors Take?
The required and elective courses you would take for Health Communication majors vary considerably among institutions. Courses are listed here that are illustrative of the breadth of topics you are likely to experience were you to major in this field.
What other majors are related to Health Communication?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.103703
Retrieved Text: You are the expert in your job. You feel comfortable communicating professionally and have no problem convincing your business partners of your abilities or in building relationships – as long as everyone speaks your language. However, when it’s time to perform in English, you feel as if you must hide behind a mask. Afraid of shaming yourself, how are you able to focus on what is happening with your counterpart? If they sense that you feel uncomfortable, you’re liable to create misunderstandings. We understand what is necessary to be your genuine self when you have to “perform” in English. We founded CEC to help you feel as comfortable functioning in English as you would in your own skin. Not hiding behind a mask.
Language is more than what you say. It is inseparable from one’s culture and, therefore, it is necessary to understand how we communicate. We help make you aware of your counterparts’ expectations and communication patterns whether they are in a different country or if you find yourself in a new corporate culture.
Learning is a process and to communicate authentically in English, learners require the opportunity to put what they know into practice. CEC offers the opportunity to each of its trainees to move from know-how to do-now by offering engaging implementation of the language. Trainees are involved in their own learning, get feedbacks and corrections, exchange experiences with one another, and receive input regarding the social competence required in the international business world. The only proof of your success is that you can do

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.081873
Retrieved Text: Nurse negligence is founded on the idea that nurses have a duty not only to comply with the standard of reasonable care in terms of the overall care of a patient but also have an obligation to act as an advocate for the patient. Their failure to do so may bring their action within the scope of medical malpractice and may expose them to a medical malpractice action. Under the American Nurses Association Code of Ethics for Nurses, the nurse as an advocate for the patient must be alert to and take appropriate action regarding any instance of incompetent, unethical, illegal or impaired practice by any member of the health care team. Nurses in general are required to report changes in a patient’s condition and/or to question the orders of a doctor when they are not in accordance with standard medical practice.
Most states have administrative codes that are called Nurse Practice Acts.
Nursing organization standards such as standards published by the Nurses Association of the American College of Obstetrician and Gynecologists.
Nursing literature. Some standard nursing textbooks are Foundations of Nursing Practice and Illustrated Manual of Nursing Practice.
Risk management publications. These publications, put out principally by the insurance industry and by hospitals may establish the standard of care.
Hospital policies and procedures. These need to be obtained in the early course of discovery if litigation is initiated.
Failure to communicate between health care providers is a frequent cause of serious medical injury and resulting medical malpractice. Many hospitals use the “National Patient Safety Goals” published by the Joint Commission as

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.934995
Retrieved Text: Major Activity Introduction This Communication Management Plan sets the communications framework for “English School’s” website project. It will serve as a guide for communications throughout the life of the project and will be updated as communication needs change. This plan identifies and defines the roles of persons involved in this project. It also includes a communications matrix which maps the communication requirements of this project. An in-depth guide for conducting meetings details both the communications rules and how the meetings will be conducted, ensuring successful meetings. Communications Management Approach The Project Manager will take a proactive role in ensuring effective communications on this project. The communications requirements are documented in the Communications Matrix presented in this document. The Communications Matrix will be used as the guide for what information to communicate, who is to do the communicating, when to communicate it and to whom to communicate. As with most project plans, updates or changes may be required as the project progresses or changes are approved. Changes or updates may be required due to changes in personnel, scope, budget, or other reasons. Additionally, updates may be required as the project matures and additional requirements are needed. The project manager is responsible for managing all proposed and approved changes to the communications management plan. Once the change is approved, the project manager will update the plan and supporting documentation and will distribute the updates to the project team and all stakeholders.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.869016
Retrieved Text: Language is an essential part of what makes us human. Where did it come from? How did it develop into the complex system we know today? And what can an evolutionary perspective tell us about the nature of language and communication?
Drawing on a range of disciplines including cognitive science, linguistics, anthropology and evolutionary biology, Speaking Our Minds explains how language evolved and why we are the only species to communicate in this way.
Written by a rising star in the field, this groundbreaking book is required reading for anyone interested in understanding the origins and evolution of human communication and language.
1. Two Approaches to Communication.- 2. The Emergence of Communication Systems.- 3. Cognition and Communication.- 4. The Evolution of Ostensive Communication.- 5. Crossing the Rubicon.- 6. Evolutionary AdaptationEpilogue: The Big Questions Answered.
Thom Scott-Phillips is a research fellow in Evolutionary and Cognitive Anthropology, at Durham University, UK. He currently holds an Addison Wheeler Fellowship and a prestigious ESRC Future Research Leaders grant, and was previously a Leverhulme Early Career Fellow at the University of Edinburgh. He has spent the past 10 years studying and researching the evolutionary origins of human communication and language. His work has received multiple prizes and accolades, including the New Investigator Award from the European Human Behaviour and Evolution Association in 2011, and the British Psychological Society's award for Outstanding Doctoral Research in 2010.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.8500805
Retrieved Text: It means that the court can order electronic communication, but the court doesn’t have to. Typically courts are very receptive to reasonable electronic communication as a way to allow both parents to keep in contact with their children. Especially with older children who a court may be able to order that they have access to a cell phone for reasonable periods in order to contact their other parent and receive messages from them daily.
What happens if a court orders electronic communication?
Each party will have to exchange whatever information is necessary to make the communication possible, whether that is a phone number for facetime or phone calls; an email address; or a screenname for skype or a similar program. Each party will also be required to notify the other party of any change in the e-mail address or other electronic communication access information within 24 hours of this information changing. The parties will also have to make whatever device is necessary to make the communication possible available to the child in a reasonable way during the times ordered.
The court can’t consider the use of electronic communication as a factor in determining what amount to set child support at and electronic communication is also not supposed to used in place of physical possession of a child when physical possession is practical. Additionally, when there is a finding of family violence in a case, the court can only order electronic communication if the parties agree to the communication and if the order provides for the electronic communication through specific

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.811026
Retrieved Text: What do I do if I think an English course should have transferred but didn’t?
What English course should I take to fulfill the university’s written communication learning outcome, based on my ACT, SAT, AP, or IB score?
Can I test out of an English course?
How can I find out if a course I want to take while studying abroad will fulfill my English requirements at KU?
What is the English Department’s attendance policy?
What should I do if I am having a problem with my teacher?
What should I do if I want to appeal my grade?
Exempt from completion of the first three hours of the written communication learning outcome. Enroll in English 105.
Exempt from completion of the first three hours of the written communication learning outcome. Enroll in English 102.
Required to complete 6 hours of the written communication learning outcome. Enroll in ENGL 101.
Advanced Placement: Literature & Comp. // Language and Comp.
Exempt from completion of the 6 hours of the written communication learning outcome (credit for two courses).
Exempt from completion of the first 3 hours of the written communication learning outcome (credit for one course). Enroll in ENGL 102.
Exempt from completion of the 6 hour written communication learning outcome (credit for two courses).
Exempt from completion of the first 3 hours of the written communication outcome (credit for one course). Enroll in ENGL 102.
Required to complete the 6 hour written communication learning outcome. Enroll in ENGL 101.
If the requirement you want the course to fulfill is a written communication requirement (the equivalent of ENGL 101, 102, or 200-level), you should

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.807212
Retrieved Text: Avaya Aura Communication Manager - STL Communications Inc.
When does AVAYA Aura CM 5.2 go end of sale?
Effective January 7, 2013 Avaya will no longer sell (make commercially available) the software media, licenses, and hardware for Communication Manager (CM) 5.2.1, Mid-Size Template (MBT) 5.2.1, SIP Enablement Services (SES) 5.2.1,Call Center (CC) 5.2.1, Application Enablement Services 5.2.3, and the suite of Integrated Management 5.2.1 applications. This includes all quotations or orders for new systems or upgrades.
When is the next Avaya Communication Manager Administration Training Class?
What changes have taken place in licensing the Avaya Aura platform in the recent months?
Previously, customers were divided between having a system licensed as a Standard Edition system and an Enterprise Edition system. Enterprise Edition systems had various pieces of end user software that were bundled with the licensing, but Standard Edition required all software be added in an al a carte basis. In May, Avaya launched a new licensing structure called Foundation. This is a unification of previous licensing into a single license per user, with some bundling included of end user software.
What are the different levels of Foundation licensing?
All systems whether new or upgrade move to what is called Foundation Essential licensing. This is the base licensing platform for every Aura Communication Manager 6.3 and higher. Some portion of the licensing can be further enhanced by purchasing the Foundation Mobility level of licensing, which has software more targeted for a highly mobile user. Beyond that is a level called Foundation Collaboration, which includes licensing to support Video and Collaboration.
Can I get Foundation

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.80498
Retrieved Text: The length of time required to complete the Master of Arts in Organizational Communication degree depends on whether a student is full time or part time and how the student performs in classes. A full time student taking the minimum course load of 9 graduate credit hours could possibly complete the Master's degree in approximately 5 semesters (21 months) if the student registers for classes during the summer semester. A minimum of 36 graduate credit hours is required to complete the degree.
The Master of Arts in Organizational Communication degree program has a limited number of graduate assistantships available. Assistantships are awarded on a competitive basis and are available for every academic semester of the year. Other aid may be available depending on your financial status. Visit (Web site) to learn what is available.
Starting salaries vary widely by experience, setting, region, and state. The approximate salary range is $40,000-$50,000.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.645731
Retrieved Text: CanStaff Employment Services is searching for Certified Medical Assistants able to begin work immediately in established specialty clinics throughout the Salem area. We have full time temp-to-perm and temporary positions.
Verbal Communication. Written Communication. Ability to Work in a Fast Pace Environment. Attention to Detail. Judgment. Self Motivator.
Measure and record vital signs.
Complete other assigned tasks as required.
For immediate consideration, stop by your local CanStaff. We have many other medical positions as well, so feel free to call and see what positions we are currently staffing for!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.596972
Retrieved Text: The School of Behavioral and Social Sciences includes the Associate of Arts (A.A.) in General Studies and Communication Studies, the Associate of Science (A.S.) in Criminal Justice and Psychology, the Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in Communication Studies, the Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in Applied Psychology and Criminal Justice degrees, the Communication Studies and Psychology minors, and the Master of Arts (M.A.) in Counseling degree.
The Communication Studies major provides a solid foundation of theoretical knowledge and practical application in communication studies, exploring interpersonal communication, small group communication, and organizational communication. The Communication Studies major prepares students for careers in business, service-providing industries, human resources, broadcasting, telecommunications, public advocacy, and governmental agencies.
The Criminal Justice major provides a solid foundation of theoretical knowledge and practical application in criminal justice, preparing students for careers in, law enforcement, corrections, domestic terrorism and site security, and various governmental positions. Students pursuing a career in criminal justice will have the coursework they need to understand and contribute to the criminal justice system.
The Applied Psychology major examines theories in psychology through the integration of a biblical worldview. Major theories in psychology are evaluated through a Christian perspective challenging students to apply psychological principles to grow personally and in their professional competencies. The B.S. in Applied Psychology prepares students for careers in psychology, counseling, social work, and other related fields. Job options for bachelor’s level graduates include, but are not limited to, paraprofessionals in clinics and hospitals, case workers in social services, educational aides, staff in residential treatment centers and staff in church and parachurch

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.592605
Retrieved Text: Online Hazard Communication "Right To Know"
for just $49.95 per employee.
You don't have to hassle with locating a "Safety Consultant" or waste time, and travel expense to do a simple, but misunderstood task that you can easily do yourself in less than 15 minutes.
"At HazComOnline.net, we help contractors and small businesses that don't have the luxury of big training budgets certify their employees for just $49. 95/ per student -- the very same day"
You'll be able to manage the whole process right from your desk top with out all the headaches, and print ALL of the OSHA required proof when ever you want.
HazComOnline get's you all the required proof of safety training and the crucial paper trail that OSHA and inspector's require.
Train and certify your employees whenever and wherever you want-no more scheduling hassles, paying overtime, or pulling everybody in on a weekend for "Training Day".
You already use the internet to bid jobs, cut costs and to communicate with your customers and employees...right?
Not Sure If Online Training Is Right For You?
Many companies prefer the control and convenience of training their employees in house. We have assembled the entire online course into a kit that enables any company to train and certify employees for Hazard Communications at a reasonable cost. The kit contains step by step guides for the trainer and the trainee. Including templates for certificates and the crucial documentation that OSHA demands.
Your satisfaction is guaranteed. If the program is not right for you in any way, simply return it for a full refund, including shipping charges.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.562186
Retrieved Text: Vancouver, Canada. Hong Kong. China.
With particular strength in corporate and marketing communications, Choice serves clients in Vancouver, Hong Kong and China.
Our extensive experience helps clients avoid frustrations, and even embarrassment, when dealing in foreign and multicultural markets.
evolves here on the West Coast, so too should your communications strategy.
— nearly 20 years — in assisting our clients to achieve their goals efficiently and effectively.
As a boutique public relations agency in Vancouver, B.C., Choice Communication (Canada) Limited specializes in bridging language and cultural barriers in this diverse city located on the west coast of Canada.
We offer a full range of public relations and communication services, with particular strength in corporate and marketing communications. Since being founded in 1996, we have also carved a niche in B.C. by providing innovative communications support in both the public and private sectors while specializing in multicultural public relations and Asian marketing.
As an affiliation to Choice Communication International Limited in Hong Kong (established in 1989), Choice is strategically located on both sides of the Pacific Rim to serve clients in Vancouver, Hong Kong and China.
Our local knowledge is key. From planning to execution, our professional public relations staff will integrate all the steps required for your communications objectives. As well, our extensive experience helps our clients avoid frustrations, and sometimes embarrassment, when dealing in foreign and multicultural markets.
Bridging the language and cultural barriers is our specialty, while assisting our clients in achieving their goals in a cost-effective manner.
By offering our clients personal attention and communication services tailor-made to their specific needs, we strive

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.557952
Retrieved Text: Cisco CCIE certification is required.
Slides - What are Cisco's Unified Communication Certifications? and Where Do I Go From Here?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.517637
Retrieved Text: MyCommunicationLab should only be purchased when required by an instructor.
The Interpersonal Communication Book approaches the subject of communication through integrative theory, research, and hands-on methods. A threefold approach identifies important communicative concepts: choices in interpersonal situations, the theories and research that support these choices, and the communication skills necessary to effectively use these theories. The text allows readers to examine the question of how, when, and through which channels they should communicate in different contexts. The Fourteenth Edition provides the newest insights and research in person-to-person interaction, making for an up-to-date source for communication study. New features and chapter-by-chapter updates make Interpersonal Communication the most comprehensive, relevant source on the topic.
MyCommunicationLab for the Interpersonal Communication course extends learning online, engaging students and improving results. Media resources with assignments bring concepts to life, and offer students opportunities to practice applying what they’ve learned. And MediaShare offers an easy, mobile way for students and instructors to interact and engage with speeches, visual aids, group projects, and other files. Please note: this version of MyCommunicationLab does not include an eText.
The Interpersonal Communication Book, Fourteenth Edition is also available via REVEL™, an immersive learning experience designed for the way today's students read, think, and learn.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.511495
Retrieved Text: Interviews are narratives ‘constructed in situ’ (Gubrium & Holstein 2003, p67) and are thus viewed as being collaborative and dynamic (many contemporary theorists share this view) Choose a comfortable, quiet location.
Reports need even more structure than essays. Follow the structure as set out in Reading 4.1 and you should be right. Make a list of headings with notes on what goes into the sections, and this should help you meet the required structure.
As per the assessment question (3a & 3b), you need to cover the five required communication issues: intercultural communication; presentations & persuasion, negotiations & interviews; groups, meetings and discussions (formal and informal); and trust and/or conflict resolution issues.
For this unit ONLY, Mieke has allowed students to go 10% above or below the required word count. This gives you a little more flexibility, but you will need to practice writing succinctly in order to stay within this word limit range.
For report-writing, you must count everything except your letter of transmittal, title, abstract, table of contents, reference list and appendices.
You can use first-person, although try not to write yourself in too much as your tutor will be well aware that you wrote it and that this is what you think etc. Also avoid redundant repetitions and word usage – if a sentence works well without it, leave it out. Also, write numbers less than ten in word form, and do not use abbreviations such as & or etc.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.50694
Retrieved Text: The following myths are based upon misconceptions regarding the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA) U.S.C. § 1692. We are not addressing individual state debt collection laws.
NOTE: An initial communication is the first communication received by a consumer in regard to a debt. If that communication does not contain the name of the current creditor, amount of the debt, and the 30-day notice (1692g), the debt collector must send that information within 5 days.
Having said that, the following "myths" refer to initial communications that do contain the required information.
A consumer can send a debt validation letter to a debt collector at any time, and the collector must respond.
This is not true. According to the FDCPA, a letter requesting validation must be sent within 30 days of a debt collector's initial communication. An initial communication is usually the first debt collection letter which contains the 30-day notice found in § 1692g(a) of the FDCPA.
Once a debt collector receives a timely validation request, it must cease collection efforts until it validates the debt. It cannot send more letters or make phone calls requesting or demanding payment. In the event that it is reporting the debt to the credit reporting agencies, it cannot update the collection entry EXCEPT to report that the debt is disputed. Reporting the fact that the debt is disputed is a requirement in § 1692e(8) of the Act.
A debt collector is required to respond to a timely validation request within 30 days of the receipt of the request.
False. The 30-day requirement is placed on consumers.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.497214
Retrieved Text: Effective communication skills will impact your bottom line.
Not every employee works in sales. However, with effective communication, every employee has the opportunity to improve the bottom line each time they interact with a customer or stakeholder.
We provide participants with the opportunity to consider how their customer engagement impacts on sales, and teach the skills to deliver professionally within a corporate setting.
From public speaking basics to effective sales language, customer service delivery and negotiation, our Effective Communication training equips participants with the knowledge and skills to boost their sales.
>> Public Speaking Video & eBook Training – ditch the nerves, gain confidence.
>> Sales Communication Skills For Small Business – grow your business.
>> Corporate Communication Workshop Series – get your certificate of completion!
>> Your Ideal Bespoke Communication Training – in what area do you want to improve?
Choose A Training That Suits You!
Public Speaking DIY Training Download - coming soon!
Speaking in public can be daunting. It can cause some people serious anxiety, but it doesn’t need to be so scary!
This is a 2 hour workshop, specifically designed for small business owners, to help build your understanding of the effective communication skills required to build meaningful client relationships, trust and ultimately sales.
Contact us to find out when and where the next Sales Communication Skills For Small Business workshop will be held.
This series of 4 workshops, plus final presentation, is ideally run over 5 weeks. The training course content contains relevant work-related scenarios, and provides participants with the skills to deliver confidently, professionally and persuasively within a corporate setting.
Focusing on understanding what

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.466788
Retrieved Text: Aviation Supplies & Academics, 2005, Paperback (Ringbound) ..
Talk Like a Pro with Templates That Function As a Script for Your VFR Flights. This book will support student pilots' efforts to understand what to say and when to say it during a flight. By constructing a VFR communication "script" during their pre-flight and then using the "script" in flight, students are better prepared mentally to accomplish, in a quick and accurate manner, the necessary communication exchanges. Enough copies of the communication templates are included to support the student pilots through each of the required cross-country flights necessary to secure a private pilot's license.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.449095
Retrieved Text: Home / Soft and Behavioural Skills / What are the skills for effective communication?
Effective communication skills are not just about being able to talk or write effectively. It is lot more than that. Communication skills training is often misinterpreted as English language training by some people. You know why? Because communication is misunderstood as ability to speak in a particular language only.
Communication is extremely important and a huge gamut in itself. Being able to communicate well doesn’t just mean being able to exchange information from one person to other in form of words only. There are multiple other things that come under it. Effectively communication requires various other skills to do so. Effective communication means being able to convey a message clearly, listen carefully to understand the appropriate meaning of what the other person is saying and also make that person feel heard and understood.
A communication skills training focuses of all of these aspects. To specifically mention the skills or abilities required for being able to communicate effectively are; Effective Listening, Nonverbal communication & Assertiveness. Let us discuss in brief about each one of them.
Most of the time when we are communicating, we listen to reply and not to understand. that is called the reaction. Most of the fights, misunderstanding, arguments happen because the person is not listening to the other person to understand what he/ she is saying. There is a huge difference between hearing and listening. What we most of the time do, is hearing. There is no effort in it.
The first step to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.435637
Retrieved Text: "An extremely informative and useable book covering many aspects of communication ... highly recommended for students and practitioners in the mental health field, whether nurses or not." Mental Health Practice "Learning to communicate effectively is vital for all nurses ... This exciting new book, with an accessible and engaging style, provides nurses working in mental health, with a valuable and comprehensive introduction to successful communication." Martina Mc Guinness, Nurse Practice Development Co-ordinator, HSE Dublin, Ireland "The book is thought provoking and provides examples not only of what we should be doing but also examples of what we should not to be doing. It is a text that I would have loved to have had access to in my student days and early practice and would therefore strongly recommend this book to students and indeed beginner mental health practitioners of any discipline." Sinead Frain, Clinical Nurse Specialist - Home Care Ballyfermot/Lucan Mental Health Service "This accessible book takes you through the core communications skills required as a novice through to a more advanced level... The inclusion of clinical scenarios and practice exercises demonstrate clearly how to apply theoretical elements whilst working in a clinical situation ... It is a very good read and a valuable tool for anyone stepping out into the world of mental health nursing!" Antony Johnson, Mental Health Nursing Student, University of Salford, UK "The combination of knowledgeable discussion and richly illustrated case examples makes this an innovative text and an essential resource for those who are challenged with delivering mental health care. A

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.430457
Retrieved Text: 5. How do I get into the Department of Communication?
Note: Advertising and Public Relations have a higher standard for admission.
Advertising and Public Relations students will be intending one of the majors until they have met all the full admissions requirements (see #5). As an intended major, students will not be able to take courses within the track that have full admission status as a prerequisite.
It is strongly recommended that you consult with your assigned advisor, while you are working towards fulfilling the requirements for full admission.
All students pursuing a Bachelor of Arts in Communication Arts, can declare their major at orientation (Freshmen status) or meet with a Communication Arts advisor during walk in appointments.
Students who are interested in a particular major should see an advisor for information on exact requirements in order to become admissible into the major. However, for general information, students can refer to the university catalog.
A student currently enrolled at FIU as a degree-seeking student will need to complete a Change of Program Plan form and submit it to a Department of Communication advisor.
Since program requirements are subject to change the Department of Communication encourages students to meet with their assigned advisor at least once a semester.
Students with junior or senior-standing who are not fully admitted into their respective major must see an advisor before registration. Students (Advertising and Public Relations) may be prohibited from continuing to study in the Department of Communication. It is imperative to stay in constant contact with an advisor to further ensure a successful transition thru the college.
2.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.419193
Retrieved Text: What if you could harness the power of a larger sales team and engage customers in a more effective method? Now You Can!
ACE provides fully automated email communication to prospects and unsold customers with intelligent data capture and response to inquiries utilizing profiling technology. ACE answers during or after business hours to provide additional communication coverage and capture more lead information to improve the customer experience. It’s so efficient that you never have to worry about opportunity follow up again. No Excuses!
This exciting, cutting-edge ELEAD1ONE technology goes to work for the dealership sales team as a virtual BDC assistant. ACE consistently engages opportunities with smart email conversation and has the ability to interpret customer replies, intelligently respond or take action when required. ACE provides 100 percent engagement to schedule more appointments and gather valuable customer information. All customer communication seamlessly integrates within the CRM system, and real-time alerts are sent to the sales staff when action is required. Best of all, dealers save thousands per year in salaries that would be needed to compensate its ability to produce these additional revenue-generating opportunities.
Follow Up Every Lead and Unsold Customer with 100 Percent Consistent Engagement…Until They Purchase.
Engage Customers with Automated Communication, Over a 58 Percent Success Rate!
Real Time Updates, Including Phone Number, Email Address and Vehicle Information – 60 Percent Success Rate Obtaining Mobile Number!
Dealers that are looking for an efficient solution to enhance their sales team’s performance and engage automotive customers consistently are turning to ELEAD1ONE and ACE virtual BDC assistant.

================



======= Instance Index 3327 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

According to the cell theory , all living things are made up of cells, which is the structural unit of living organisms, and living cells always come from other living cells. In fact, each living thing begins life as a single cell. Some living things, such as bacteria, remain single-celled. Other living things, including plants and animals, grow and develop into many cells. Your own body is made up of an amazing 100 trillion cells! But even you—like all other living things—began life as a single cell.


Q: What is your body made up of?

 Choices:

- skin

- trillions of cells

- energy

- millions of elements

A:

Target Text: trillions of cells

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.470296
Retrieved Text: Well, let's think about it for a moment. It is true that you probably resemble your parents greatly. I mean, I know that I tremendously look like my father. Therefore, my dad must have passed something to me. The key is figure out what that something is. So you can understand a little better, let's take a look at a simple organism, a plant. So what would you, the reader, do next? You'd probably open up the plant to see what was inside it.
If you do that, you'd notice that the plant has certain stuff inside it. But that wouldn't help. I mean, if you look inside someone's mouth, you'd see teeth, a tongue, tonsils, and you might smell some bad breath as well.
So what would you do next? You'd probably want to open up the plant even further. You'd could open up the stuff inside the plant in order to see what makes it up. That makes sense. Of course, we don't have to stop there. We could go even further. In other words, what is that which is fundamental. Fundamental basically means what is that which something is basically made of such that we could no longer break it down further. You probably heard that everything is composed of atoms. At least that what scientists first thought. It turns out that atoms aren't fundamental. Atoms are made of smaller things. So now the question is this!
Let's find out what is fundamental about a plant. If we look at a plant's leaf up closely, you'd

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.819144
Retrieved Text: We have all heard the phrase, “You are what you eat.” It makes sense, whatever you are putting into your mouth and swallowing is what your body has to work with as far as ingredients for new cells, fuel, daily functions, etc. It also stands to reason that you will end up with unusable ingredients and possibly not enough of the right ingredients, depending on your diet.
Thankfully we have a built in garbage system in our bodies to get rid of the stuff from food our bodies can not use. These unusable products leave the body in the form of waste (what you flush down the toilet). If they did not leave the body they would build up and become toxic, sort of like poison. Due to the toxin heavy foods we eat this day and age our bodies are heavily burdened. They put in a lot of overtime hours getting rid of toxic waste. Years and years of overtime work hours will cause burn out. In the body this burn out shows up in the form of symptoms; like fatigue, constipation, skin break-outs, body odor, bad breath, sluggishness, sleep problems, and the list goes on.
In order to correct the problem you must give your body a vacation from filtering out so many toxins. It is recommended to do a detoxification cleanse every 6 months. You can compare it to pouring Drano down a clogged drain pipe. A detox cleanse is the equivalent to Drano. The cleanse I recommend in my office is a blend of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.629552
Retrieved Text: What is fitness of the soul? Interesting question! Firstly, it is important to understand what the soul actually is. What is the soul made up of? And how does your soul affect your daily life?
You are made up of body, soul and spirit. You are not a one-dimensional being, consisting only of a body, which is what can be seen, and the easiest aspect of a human being to recognize. Here you can see size, shape and characteristics of your body. What you eat has an impact. Your lifestyle has an impact on your physical body. These are tangible things. The soul is different.
Your soul is both tangible and intangible. Your soul is that unique part of you which makes you into the person you are. It is your personality, will, emotions, likes, interests, grooming and style, talents, attitudes, behavior, dislikes, passions, traits and so on. It comes from inside of you and is shaped by many things, like genetics, environment, circumstances, worldview, culture, religion and opportunities.
Although we cannot “see” your personality, what can be seen are certain traits and behavior of your personality. If you are moody or “deep”, we see those aspects of your soul. If you are outgoing or caring, those aspects can be seen. If you sing like a rock star or have green fingers, we can see that. If you are a passionate football supporter but dislike hockey, that is a part of your unique soul. Your likes, interests and personality determine your shopping and learning behavior. If you have an

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.566999
Retrieved Text: Nutrition details and also natural treatments are currently being made use of by a huge population in the USA and throughout the globe. Individuals are searching for alternative means to produce health and wellness or recoup from lengthy standing ailments. Drugs have been gotten around a hundred years as well as most of us recognize that they are good for emergencies as well as for short-term use to get past health threats.
Think about discovering sufficient nourishment information that will assist you get rid of that health issues or pain if you are sick or have certain body conditions that are creating pain. Learning the standard principles of nourishment is not hard, but it does take a little initiative in discovering the ideal nutritional course that shows sensible ways of applying nourishment.
Nourishment is in fact a science, which can get fairly intricate in theory. Nutrition info is concerned with the chemical make up of food, just how this food is absorbed, how it is soaked up and utilized by your body. It is everything about exactly how it is utilized to advertise health, and also exactly how it is used to stop and eliminated illness.
Applying functional nourishment stops the start of inflammation. This protects against the development of disease. If disease is developing or well established, nutrition can turn around these conditions. It can only do this if not to much tissue or cells in that area have actually not been destroyed.
Swelling comes from excess acid in your body. This acid is created from the foods you

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.54764
Retrieved Text: Body butter is a step up from traditional lotion. Itâ€™s made with the butter that comes from seeds or other plant materials. When you use it, there are a multitude of body benefits. If you have really dry skin, body butter could be just what you need to get it back to normal again. Look for body butters at drugstores or talk to your dermatologist about which one would work best for you. You are going to love what body butter can do for you. Here are the top benefits of using it.
If you want something really rich and thick for your skin, body butter is what youâ€™re after. Most body butters donâ€™t contain any water, which makes them thicker than the average bottle of skin lotion. Donâ€™t let that fool you though because body butters are a prime choice for pumping your skin full of hydration.
No matter where you need some extra hydration, body butter is the answer. You can slather the stuff anywhere you get dry skin. That includes your hands, feet, arms, legs, elbows, chest, belly and even your face. Anywhere you want soft, silky skin is perfect for body butter. Try it â€“ youâ€™ll see!
If you want natural skincare products, body butter is a great choice. Many kinds are all-natural and donâ€™t contain all the chemicals and harsh ingredients you find in traditional bottles of lotion. Read the ingredients to be sure, but in general, body butter is a more natural choice than other products.
If youâ€™re worried that body butter is greasy

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.52365
Retrieved Text: How many ways to define, label and describe your body have you created? Have you decided how much it should weigh? Or how stressed out it is? What about the size and shape of your nose? How many notions do you have about how your body should, would or could function, only if…?
For example, have you ever noticed that your eyes can be different colours other than what it says on the check box on your driver’s license? Or have you defined your eyes as either brown, blue, green, hazel or grey? Here is another example: If you would describe the intensity in your head and eyes as a “migraine,” how much would your definition of “migraine” confine you to having your usual symptoms show up? Likewise, when you define your body as weak, can it show up as being strong? Not so much! Nothing can change with your body as long as you are defining it and judging it. You wouldn’t even notice if your brown eyes turned a golden green after you cried, if you decided your eyes are brown.
When you define your body, you confine your body.
What if you lived beyond labeling, measuring, or describing your body in any way? What could change? Perhaps if you had fewer points of views about your body, could your body show up differently?
What most of us have done is made our looks, our weight, our strength or lack of it MEAN something. What if it didn’t mean anything? If you would remove the SIGNIFICANCE about how

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.504149
Retrieved Text: What Makes People Over Eat?
We all know over eating is what causes weight gain.
Over eating is the reason so many of us struggle when we want to lose weight and are on a diet.
But why do we overeat?
Our body needs Food to Function.
Food Makes us Mentally Alert.
Our Body is also really Clever and tells us when it needs more food.
Our body uses food as fuel so we can function.
When you are Hungry you eat enough food until your body let’s you know you are FULL.
But why is it that sometimes after eating we get hungry again so soon?
What you ate didn’t serve a purpose to your body and it couldn’t be used as fuel.
Food we eat that cannot be used as FUEL for the Body is Stored as FAT on the Body.
The majority of quick and easy supermarket, pre-made and convenience foods have zero nutritional value to the body.
I see these foods in people’s shopping trolleys in the supermarket every week..
Your body will continue to send signals that its hungry in the hope you eventually give it what it needs..
It’s kind of like feeding a crying baby a bottle coca cola.
The baby will continue crying and not sleep as you have not met the baby’s needs.
We have more information about nutrition and fitness than ever before.
We need to get back to feeding our body meals made up from pure foods loaded with nutrition..
..meals rich in Pure Protein, Carbs, Fats and Fibre.
All the meals and recipes in my meal plans are a perfect example of how to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.421469
Retrieved Text: The body is amazingly made; you are amazingly made. God designed all of us in His image, but each body is quite unique. Again, what the ideal body weight is for one person is not the ideal body weight for another. But the percentage of fat is basically the same— Men average 18 to 24 percent and women average 25 to 31 percent. God designed our systems so efficiently that when you eat according to hunger and fullness, your body will naturally go to a slender size and remain there. Your body knows when its reserves have all been used up, and your hunger sensation either will come more often or will require more food before being satisfied. It is important not to focus on a specific weight. It is also important not to repeatedly skip hunger signs. Continually ignoring the signal that your body needs to eat is as harmful as overeating. It can lead to anorexia and trying to maintain a body weight that is too thin and not healthy. As long as you are obedient to hunger and fullness, your body will reach and maintain the weight that God intends for you.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.389889
Retrieved Text: When will my item arrived after my order marked as completed?
What are the benefits of using body breakfast?
Made of 100% natural and organic ingredients that is gentle on your skin yet tough enough to reduce your cellulite, stretch marks, acne, eczema and psoriasis.
* Caffeine constricts the blood vessels under the skin and reduce swelling, remove dead skin cells, tightens the skin to reduce the appearance of cellulite and brighten up dull skin.
* Dead sea salt and sugar to exfoliate skin, removing dead skin cells and leave you with smoother skin.
* Macadamia oil and coconut oil helps to soothe and moisturize skin.
* Sweet almond oil helps in keeping skin young and healthy, moisturize skin, anti-inflammatory properties reduces psoriasis and acne problem, and prevent stretch marks.
* Cocoa is loaded with antioxidants, enriched with minerals promotes blood flow and increase cellular healing to develop a youthful glow.
What methods of payment does body breakfast accept?
Body Breakfast accepts Visa & Master credit, debit card payments, as well as Malaysia Online Bank Transfer (FPX).
Definitely! Caffeine is the most popular psychoactive substance on the planet. When used topically, caffeine helps to reduce fat content in cells. Caffeine interferes the action of an enzyme called phosphodiesterase; a chemical that the body uses to prevent the breakdown of fat. Hence, encouraging the body to burn fatty tissue that cause cellulite.
Is body breakfast good for exfoliate my skin?
Body Breakfast is a perfect exfoliator for your skin. Dead sea salt detoxifies toxins, sugar is alpha-hydroxy rich, an active substance with exfoliating and emollient properties leaving your skin

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.275189
Retrieved Text: I spent today whipping up a batch of sugar-salt scrubs and they honestly smell good enough to eat! Actually, they are completely edible and if they're good enough to eat they're good enough to put on my skin. Remember that our skin is our largest organ and is completely porous so anything you put on it is instantly absorbed directly into your body. What we put ONTO our body is just as important as what we put INTO our body. Try to buy skincare products made from natural ingredients or better yet, have fun making your own and customizing them with your favorite scents.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.270849
Retrieved Text: Indulge in these decadent, delicious, calorie-free and no-guilt chocolate lotions, butters, and scrubs.
If Valentine’s Day is all about love and chocolate, what if you could indulge in luscious chocolaty decadence without one calorie? With delicious body products you can. You might even feel naughty; like you’re smoothing whipped chocolate frosting all over your body. But go ahead. With these tempting body treats, that’s exactly what you’re supposed to do!
Open the jar, take a whiff and you’ll be caught up in a wave of delicious decadence. Modeling itself after a juice bar, the Body Deli serves up fresh raw and organic treats for your skin that are made in small batches fresh daily. The fine sea salt exfoliates and polishes your skin so that it’s extra touchable.
Imagine putting whipped cocoa and vanilla cake frosting on your body in the shower. That’s what this product all about. It leaves your skin so soft and supple you hardly need to moisturize.
With claims that it will “make your mouth water” this rich moisturizer leaves your skin smooth and undoubtedly kissable. Organic cocoa butter melts slowly into your skin while the sugar acts as a gentle exfoliator. All with a delicious chocolate scent that lingers for hours.
This handcrafted cold processed chocolate soap with finely ground cherry pits will make your skin as soft as a baby’s tush. It has a high amount of glycerin that is very moisturizing. And far from the industrial detergent soap bars, it’s made with cocoa butter and organic cocoa powder to keep your skin soft.
It’s so

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.186494
Retrieved Text: What is Mudra Therapy ?
A mudra (Sanskrit: "seal", "spiritual gesture") is a symbolic or ritual gesture in Hinduism and Buddhism made with entire body or just hands and fingers. Mudras are also used in Indian dance. Where the hand goes, the eye goes, where the eye goes, the mind goes, where the mind goes, the energy flows - this is the deep teaching of classical indian dancing.
Mudras are literally "health in your hand".
There are Indian texts which explain how mudras are an ancient science that have been used for thousands of years to restore health. Our thumbs, fingers and the palms of our hands are constantly emitting electromagnetic currents of energy and by creating certain postures with your hands, fingers and thumbs you are opening up energy channels to encourage flow and healing.
The physical body is made up of five elements namely - Air, Water, Fire, Earth and Aakash (ether, the tiny intercellular empty spaces in the human body). Imbalance of these elements disrupts the immunity system and causes disease. Deficiencies in any of these elements can be made up by connecting one part of the body with another in a particular manner through Mudras. For example, when a finger representing an element is brought into contact with the thumb, that element is brought into balance. Therefore the disease caused by the imbalance can be cured.
Clears the body by elimination of waste matter from the mouth, eyes, ears, nose etc. Helps when urine is obstructed, speeds up period, promotes digestion.
Helps in pumping the life force into

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.172893
Retrieved Text: To be spiritually formed is to be whole, to be fully rounded in our approach to life. Frequently though that is not what we find, it seems in our nature to focus on one or two areas to the exclusion of others, or to go to an extreme in some area to the neglect of others.
We are made spirit, soul and body. Some have so emphasized spirit that they have virtually ended up denying our humanity and this world in which we live – i.e. the denial of passion, enjoyment. Some focus entirely on the mind and reduce Christianity to an educational exercise where experience is totally neutered. Still others have got so taken up with body and the present that the eternal has been reduced to the here and now – heaven and hell are not eternal realities but our present experience of life.
We were made by God, spirit, soul and body, fully rounded, wonderfully whole, relational beings. Adam and Eve interacted with God who is Spirit, lived in a relational unity with one another, in a beautiful garden they were called to nurture and enjoy, and engaged their minds together in processing this with-God life.
Sin came in and distorted all those realities.
Something happened in the human spirit, and the connection with God was broken, our passions became distorted and the big pull was downward, basal. Suddenly relationships became more challenging as distrust and selfishness took over, not only that, our bodies became subject to frailty, to weakness and ultimately death.
The original goodness was gone,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.161454
Retrieved Text: Based on the combination of different yogic postures or yogasanas based on the mechanics of our body is what Hatha Yoga is. It enables the body completely to attain high dimension of energy. On a regular practice of Hatha Yoga one can increase the thinking level, feel and experience of one’s life. In short, you tend to be a stronger person.
Our trainer at our exclusive Hatha Yoga session will give you customized attention with dialogues and alterations particularly custom-made for your requirements. Every stance has manual adjustment which will help you to comprehend the connections between the muscle and other body parts being locked in. Trainer will help you to frame the postures and achieve. To build up a more profound comprehension of how your body participates in every stance, the trainer controls your attention to particular zones to upgrade your body’s common instinct. In Hatha Yoga session, our mentor will give you customized dialogues and conformities particularly custom-made for your requirements. Every stance has manual changes which will help you to comprehend the connections between the muscle gatherings and body parts being locked in. Our trainer will help you to frame the postures and attain. To build up a more profound comprehension of how your body takes part in every posture, the trainer controls your attention to particular areas to upgrade your body’s regular instinct.
Our Hatha Yoga sessions do not require any previous experience in yoga. Anyone can learn easily.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.150499
Retrieved Text: Are you finding it difficult to get yourself a partner? Do you feel everyone nowadays is a fitness freak and you are lagging behind? Well, yes fitness and being in shape is very important and to get back in shape naturally if you are overweight is very difficult. Vital Diet Forskolin is a herbal way to burn fats without having any side effects on your body.
Go through the article given below to know what this supplement can provide you with.
What Is Vital Diet Forskolin?
What Are The Benefits Of Using Vital Diet Forskolin?
This weight management complex helps in suppressing your appetite and reducing your food cravings. Suppression of your appetite helps in consumption of fewer carbohydrates which in return initiates the process of weight loss.
Because of suppression of your appetite, your body doesn’t get enough carbohydrates and so it starts burning your fats to get energy and for the smooth functioning of your body.
This supplement helps in maintain the blood sugar level of your body as it helps in suppressing the intake of sugary items. When you consume less sugar you tend to take in fewer calories.
This weight management complex helps you in flushing away all the toxins that are present in your body. Detoxification is very important for your body as it keeps your body away from all the bacteria and viruses.
This supplement helps in giving you mental clarity by increasing the level of serotonin in your body. It also manages the level of toxins that are present in your body.
Where Can You Buy Vital Diet

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.136706
Retrieved Text: What is Electro-Magnetic Field balancing technique ?
The UCL is made up of energy felt by the practitioner as vertical and horizontal fibres of light connecting at the spine within the human body and extending up to 2 feet away from the body into the astral body.
promotes awareness of direction of support within. "mindfulness"
Through specific set of moves, the practitioner is "assisting the body's magnetic field" with EMF techniques to help calm the nerves system and remove any energy barriers which affect the person's psyche, physical body and emotions state of being.
Within the body you will find the "Chakra system" at the spine level. Through "mindful affirmations" along with transference of energy to the body it will help the body release physical tensions, mental anguish and emotional turmoil. The main goal of EMF is to help a client grow spiritual.
In this balancing a connection & communication with future " Self "is established through your mental process "Ideal Potential Power" channeling future co-creation of the present reality. What you see you can co-create.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.126135
Retrieved Text: Are you ready to sprout faster and stronger than ever?
You have a vague idea of what your life purpose is and your talents aren’t fully expressed. You are really unclear about what it is or what you “want to do when you grow up” You are trying things out and are trying to see what works best for you or what fulfills you.
You yearn for a reawakening of whom you are and are seeking ways to tap into those hidden treasures within that are waiting to be activated.
At this stage, you might also lack much presence, self-esteem and confidence. Your working for someone else at a job you may not like, and you know its not where you’re going to be for the rest of your life because it’s not your ultimate life purpose.
Because you’re not in a fulfilling career that is in alignment with your life purpose, you might feel quiet desperation, depression, and sadness or unfulfilled.
Your Primary focus needs to be on following a proven step-by-step system with strategies that expand your spiritual body that activates direct communication from the divine about your mission and life purpose!
The only reason you are not connected with your life purpose and is not flowing freely through you is because much of your spiritual body needs to grow into your personality and anchor itself into your physical body.
We can also start monetizing whatever talents or abilities you do have, to start warming you up into marketing and mindset behind your sprouting talent and life purpose.
The SPROUT PHASE is

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.124589
Retrieved Text: Everywhere you go you see people carrying their bottles of water and gulping it down. There is always someone telling us about the fact that it’s healthy too. With water covering 71% of the Earth’s surface, and our bodies being made up of around 70% it’s hard to avoid the wet stuff. But just what about water makes it so good for us?
Without water, we would become dehydrated, but we didn’t need to tell you that! However, what some people don’t know is dehydration can cause headaches, and with 75% of the brain being made up of water, grabbing a bottle and keeping topped up on the liquid can help reduce the symptoms and duration of headaches if you get one!
As well as helping to cure you of a headache, water can also help you get over certain illnesses you may already b suffering from. Next time you accidentally catch a cold, try sipping back some water to aid in getting rid of congestion and avoiding the dreaded dehydration headache. As well as this, it will help rid your body of the germs, and help you maintain your energy levels to help fight off the illness!
While exercise is an important part of a healthy lifestyle, it’s also vital to make sure you’re hydrated both during and after exercise. Even mild dehydration can impair brain function, so if there’s a big test coming up, or a stressful day at work, drinking plenty of water can help you to concentrate. A common symptom of dehydration is tiredness too,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.0987625
Retrieved Text: This all-natural supplement provides your body with the vitamins and minerals it needs to grow strong, healthy, beautiful hair. Since hair is made up of mostly protein it is important that a quality hair loss supplement includes ingredients that help the body utilize protein. B vitamins such as biotin, B6, amino acids like Para-Amino Benzoic Acid (PABA), and minerals such as magnesium aid in the metabolism of amino acids that make up proteins. Most of us already get enough protein in our daily diets for healthy hair but we aren?t always able to use it completely. These nutrients can help your body utilize protein to promote stronger, healthier hair growth.
A good B vitamin complex can help your body use its protein sources, but what about the other components that makes up hair? Horsetail silica is a key ingredient because it provides other necessary components for hair growth. By providing your body these building blocks for hair growth these ingredients can help stimulate and increase hair growth.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.085798
Retrieved Text: We see it everyday. The piercing is over, jewelry is in, we hold up the mirror, and the first thing people want to do is touch. We slap your hand away and scold you, what did we just talk about?
So why is it to important? Your piercing is on your body, and your hands are part of your body… what kind of germs can you really give yourself?
The answer is lots! Remember that your new piercing is an open wound, and as susceptible to infection as any cut or scratch. Except unlike a cut or scratch, a new piercing is held open by your new jewelry, so the timeframe within which it is vulnerable is artificially extended.
Next, consider how clean your hands really are. Unless you just washed them, you’ve probably picked up bacteria from stair rails, doors, money, pens, and pretty much everything else you’ve touched. The only way for your new piercing to get an infection is to introduce infectious material into your it. Touching the jewelry is the quickest and most effective way to do that.
Your hands are dirtier then you think, and the five second rule is a myth.
Moving things from the outside of your body to the inside is a good way to accidentally introduce bacteria from the surface of your skin, into your piercing. Your body is already working hard to push debris out of the new piercing channel. That’s what the clear or creamy coloured fluid that comes out of your piercing is doing. Stop stuffing it back in

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.08375
Retrieved Text: Frequently Asked Questions > FAQ's about Genetics > What is a Chromosome?
What is a chromosome? In order to answer this question in more detail, we must talk about how the human body is organized. The human body is made up of organs, such as the skin, heart, brain and liver. The organs are made up of tissues such as adipose and connective tissues. The tissues are made up of cells. Each cell contains a set of 46 chromosomes. Contained on those chromosomes are the genes, which are the specific instructions that tell the body how to grow and develop.
In a way, chromosomes are very similar to a cookbook. The chapters represent the chromosomes. Each gene is a recipe that gives the body an instruction.
Because different cells in the body perform different tasks, different genes are activated in each of the cells. Again, we can use the example of the cookbook. You and all of your friends may have the same cookbook, but you each use different recipes from the book. This cookbook may have all the recipes that anyone could ever want, but you use a small number of recipes over and over. You use different recipes from those of your friends because you are different people with different needs and preferences. In this example, you and your friends are like the cells of the body, each one using the recipes (genes) you need to function and grow.
The cookbook example is not accurate in one important way. In a cookbook the recipes are organized into chapters.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.079359
Retrieved Text: Personalized Gift Vouchers for friends / family available here!
Not only is exercise important in weight loss, the rehabilitation of injuries and to improve sporting performance, so is nutrition. Vast improvements in performance can be made with a correct diet and hydration of the body.
A full dietary analysis of your existing food and drink intake is made using a 10 day food diary which spans two weekends. This is the best way to ascertain your average daily intake. Alongside this your daily exercise regime is also noted so your average calorie expenditure can be calculated.
A full body composition analysis is also undertaken. Body composition is a breakdown of how your body weight is actually made up. It is this balance of fat and lean tissue that’s important not weight. Using the Bodystat®1500, a whole body analysis is calculated for greater accuracy. The report is then included in your full nutritional analysis.
The information obtained from both the diary and the Bodystat®1500 enables an in-depth report to be produced based on the information provided. Recommendations are then provided to allow you to eat a healthy and balanced diet, tailored to your weight and exercise goals. This includes the timing and content of meals for optimal sporting performance. Food is broken down into its nutritional components allowing you make informed choices on what to eat and drink to provide the best nutrient dense foods for your body.
N.B There is no access to the building without an appointment. Please telephone first.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.075048
Retrieved Text: When your treatment is completed there are things you can do to help you through a fast recovery, you may feel deeply emotional, nauseous or tired, the body is going through an emotional, chemical and physical detox.
First drink lots of clean water, try not to use tap water, keep it as clean as possible because most tap water has too much chemicals in it.
Take a long hot bath with Epsom salt and your favorite essence.
Relax or sleep, your body needs to shut down so it can reset itself.
Surround yourself with the people you love and cherish the most, your healing process has only just begun.
During the next 5-7 days your body will go through small changes as it self detoxifies, emotions will come and go and this is good, it allows you to continue releasing unwanted stress, so embrace what comes up for you, experience it for what it is and what it may mean for you personally, then allow yourself to move forward with a renewal of mind, body and spirit.
CONGRATULATIONS YOU HAVE MADE IT!!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.062559
Retrieved Text: Thyroid medication — guess what...has a certain frequency.
Some are low…some are higher.
So every single thing is made up of cells and cells VIBRATE at a certain rate…so each and everything has a special “key code” or frequency that makes it up…You can tell what something is or high much or fast the cells are vibrating by its frequency.
So what does this have to do with YOU and your health and your energy levels and how you FEEL you may ask?
Well…If you are wanting to experience MORE energy…and MORE JOY…and more Love and more HEALING and more passion…and all things beautiful…certain Frequencies are needed in order to raise YOUR frequency as a human being that is made up of all these beautiful vibrating CELLS.
And into more happiness…joy…passion…ecstasy…and even enlightenment.
And beyond that… we want to have higher vibrational experiences in our lives… so there are three levels of raising our vibrations and our frequencies that need to happen in order to have a collective effect of living our very best and most joyful and healthy life.
Our physical body is made up of cells though right? millions of cells….
When you look into a cell though…think of science class…it’s EMPTY…it’s a bunch of empty space….it’s not even PHYSICAL…less than .01% of a cell is physical mass….so think about million of those cells in a human body….if less than .01% of a cell is physical mass and purely empty and more ENERGETIC….what do you think that makes the human body….
Empty…and energetic in nature and less than .01% of physical mass which

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.040175
Retrieved Text: During Breast Cancer Awareness Month I talk about the Basics of Breast Cancer Prevention and this week I want to re-emphasize the importance of aiding your body in the prevention.
Know what you’re putting on your skin!
Our skin is the largest organ in your body. Everything we put on our skin gets quickly absorbed into our blood stream.
It is very important to know what is in the soaps, lotions, and make-up you are putting on your skin!
You should be aware and knowledgeable of what you put on your skin.
Both of these lines are made with natural and non toxic ingredients.
Be an informed consumer and check the label on the back of your cosmetics and lotions. It could save your life.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.011918
Retrieved Text: "Healing is possible, even when a cure is not."
Holistic massage treats the whole person, in mind, body and spirit.
I aim to offer an opportunity for you to experience your body in a calm, nurturing environment. We work together, communicating with and without words as we go. I will check in with you verbally, and use intuitive feedback through my hands to pick up your non-verbal cues, to create the space for you to be truly present in your mind and body.
The massage can be fast or slow, deep or surface, working on specific trigger points or working more generally with emotions and energy. We may use stretches, mobilisation techniques and holds. A session will comprise most of these things. There is no set routine, and no two treatments will ever be quite the same.
Why choose an MTI accredited therapist?
Claire understood exactly what my body needed. The thing that stands out in my mind was her genuinely kind manner. This combined with her skill and professionalism made the treatment really beneficial.
Which type of massage is best just for you.
What you will recieve at your first appointment and follow up treatments.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.980385
Retrieved Text: well one of my gripes with this body is that it sits too high and there is way too much fender gap from kyosho. its almost like they messed the mold up or something so by luck i figured out a way to get the body to sit lower and truly represent what a GTR should look like!! the only restriction to this mod is that you cannot use the headlight buckets, granted i have not tried the PN adj clip yet which should resolve that problem.
so what i have found is that the Pn pan car mount works perfectly with the GTr body to get the front down but if you use it than the back also sits even higher because the front tips down. unfortunately i did not take pics of this while i did it but you die hards should understand what i did. on the inside of the body there are stops that keep the side mounts level. there are four ridges on each side two of them dont touch the mount but the two center ones do. if you have the body in your hand and are looking at the two center ridges you will notice that at the bottom of the ridges there are 2 "stops" that keep the mounts from sliding down, well simply grind the raised edges off (only the bottom of the ridges, dont grind the entire ridges away!!)! the mounts also have built in stops but in stock form they do not do anything but now

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.973995
Retrieved Text: Remember Demi Lovato's "Real"-Body Barbie? Here's What Happened!
Demi Lovato tweeted that her dream was to have a Barbie made with real-woman body proportions. And it looks like someone's listening!
This "real" Barbie is the product of artist Nickolay Lamm, who used a 3-D printed model of the body type of an average 19-year-old woman, according to CDC measurements. She's shorter than the original Barbie—maybe in part thanks to her flat feet—and, as Demi noted in a follow up tweet: "Can I also say, that... That new @barbie's got BACK!!!!! Hahahaha #bootybootybootyboottrockineverywhere."
I have to say...it's pretty neat to see the side-by-side comparison! What do you think?
What will your body look like after a baby?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.969613
Retrieved Text: Would you put maple syrup in your car instead of gasoline? “But it tastes better!” Maybe so, but the car won’t run on maple syrup. In fact, you might end up ruining your car!
Look around. That’s just what we (as a society) are doing. Filling our mouths with for that tastes good, but does not provide us with the nourishment we need. Food that ends up ruining the marvelous creation that God made.
Food was meant to be fuel for the body. Food was intended to serve the body and provide it what it needs for optimal performance. But our society has completely inverted that formula. For many, the body is at the mercy of food. We are food-obsessed. The pleasure of our taste-buds has taken first priority, and nutrition and nourishment have taken a back seat (heck, they may even have been tossed out of the car by now)!
Join me in the fight against this obsession with food (our “food-session,” for short). Reclaim the body as God designed and intended. Reclaim food as fuel — as nourishment for your body — and not as the destroyer of God’s good creation. Reclaim God’s intended order that food is for the body not the other way around.
It’s going to be a tough fight. I have a 8-year-old and a 6-year-old. I tell them often that we eat for our bodies, not for our mouths. On certain days, I have them look at “My Healthy Plate” and tell me what categories of intake they are lacking for that day.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.965258
Retrieved Text: Genetics is the study of how traits such as hair color, eye color, and risk for disease are passed (“inherited”) from parents to their children. Genetics influence how these inherited traits can be different from person to person.
Your genetic information is called your genetic code or “genome.” Your genome is made up of a chemical called deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) and is stored in almost every cell in your body.
What does DNA do in my body?
How are DNA changes found?

================



======= Instance Index 3818 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

All oxygen atoms have eight protons, and most have eight neutrons as well. What is the mass number of an oxygen isotope that has nine neutrons? What is the name of this isotope?.


Q: What is mass number?

 Choices:

- to total number of protons and electrons in a nucleus

- the total number of protons and neutrons in a nucleus

- to total number of electrons and neutrons in a nucleus

- the total number of protons and chondrichthyes in a nucleus

A:

Target Text: the total number of protons and neutrons in a nucleus

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.5802555
Retrieved Text: Atomic number of an element is equal to the number of protons in the nucleus of its atom or the number of extra nuclear electrons.
Atomic number is denoted by the letter z.
For example, an atom of magnesium contains 12 protons, therefore, its atomic number is 12.
All the atoms of a particular element contain same number of protons in their nuclei. Therefore, all the atoms of an element have same atomic number. Atoms of different elements contain different number of protons and hence no two elements can have same atomic number. Thus, each element has its characteristic atomic number which can be used to identify the element.
For example, when we say an element with atomic number 13, we are referring to aluminum. No other element has atomic number 13.
It has already been stated that mass of an atom is mainly concentrated in the nucleus. In the nucleus, there are protons and neutrons. From this it follows that mass of an atom is mainly due to protons and neutrons. Protons and neutrons are collectively called nucleons as they are present in the nucleus of an atom.
The total number of protons and neutrons in the nucleus is called mass number of the atom.
It is generally represented by the letter A.
The number of protons in the nucleus is equal to atomic number, Z while the number of neutrons in the nucleus is sometimes called neutron number, N.
and neutron has relative mass approximately 1 u. Therefore, atomic mass of magnesium is 12 u + 12 u = 24 u.
Number of neutrons

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.56816
Retrieved Text: grandells nifty notebooks monday jan 5th mass and weight .
physics with algebra 9th grade mass versus weight .
venn diagram mass vs weight physical science matter by lesson universe .
force and motion interactive notebook pages science pinterest .
the black sheep venn diagrams archives page 2 of 2 the black sheep .
venn diagram of protein candidates from mass spectrometry analyses .
images for mass vs weight venn diagram 30hotbuy3 gq .
t3 mass and weight mrs bohaychuks information station .
mass vs weight introduction to gravity opener april 1 2014 .
space interactive notebook pages and templates weight vs mass .
unit 2 structure of matter shirleyhphysicalscienceinb .
mass vs weight venn diagram rome fontanacountryinn com .
venn diagrams for total differentially expressed genes by diet .
e mc2 special and general relativity the physics of .
what happens to our bodies and our brains when we do not get enough .
weight vs mass concept 4 physical science sci high .
weight and mass venn diagram rome fontanacountryinn com .
measurement venn diagram activity number and place value problem .
what is the difference between mass and weight .
mass vs weight worksheet by jerri birkofer teachers pay teachers .
fig s6 putative molecular masses molecular weight identified in .
science with a twist atomic number mass number whaaaaaat .
what is the difference between volume density and mass quora .
google suggest venn diagrams .
2016 2017 7th grade cambridge science mrs georgakakis science .
write one paragraph essay do my essay .
diagrams anchor charts for venn gsfoundation info .
mass vs weight teaching resources teachers pay teachers .
difference between mass and weight with comparison chart key

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.50606
Retrieved Text: 2. interpret balanced equations in terms of moles, mass units and number of particles.
3. given the number of moles (or mass or number of particles) of one substance calculate the number of moles ( or mass or number of particles) of another substance in the balanced equation.
4. define limiting and excess reactants.
6. define endothermic and exothermic reactions.
7. define acids and bases.
6.4 What is an aqueous solution?
What happens when aluminum is dipped in a copper (II) chloride?
What happens when magnesium is dipped in a copper (II) chloride?
What happens when potassium chromate is mixed with silver nitrate?
What happens when potassium iodide is mixed with lead (II) iodide?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.741868
Retrieved Text: 1. What are the subatomic particles that make up an atom?
2. Who was the first person to suggest the idea of atoms, in the fourth century B.C?
3. Which of the following is NOT a part of Dalton’s atomic theory?
a. All elements are composed of atoms.
b. All atoms of the same element are the same.
c. Atoms that combine do so in simple whole-number ratios.
d. Atoms are always in motion.
4. What particles form the nucleus of an atom?
5. Which of the following is correct concerning subatomic particles?
a. The proton was discovered by Thomson in 1880.
b. Cathode rays were found to be made of protons.
c. The neutron was discovered by Chadwick in 1932.
d. The electron was discovered by Goldstein in 1886.
e. Canal rays were found to be made of protons, electrons, and neutrons.
6. Dalton theorized that atoms are indivisible and that all atoms of an element are identical. We know that__________.
7. As a consequence of the discovery of the nucleus by Rutherford, which model of the atom is believed to be true?
8. The nucleus of an atom is ____________.
9. The atomic number of an element is the total number of which particles in the nucleus?
10. The mass number of an element is equal to __________.
11. The sum of protons and neutrons in an atom equals the _________.
12. Using the periodic table, determine the number of neutrons in oxygen-16.
13. What does the number 84 in the name krypton-84 represent?
14. What unit is used to measure average relative atomic mass?
15. All atoms of the same element have the same________.
16. Which of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.716974
Retrieved Text: Avogadro's number, named in honor of Amedeo Avogadro and denoted by NA, is the number of items in a mole. It is formally defined as the number of Carbon-12 atoms in 0.012 kg of Carbon-12.
which is sufficiently accurate for many applications.
A number of methods can be used to measure Avogadro's number. One modern method is to calculate Avogadro's number from the density of a crystal, the relative atomic mass, and the unit cell length determined from x-ray crystallography. Very accurate values of these quantities for silicon have been measured at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and used to obtain the value of Avogadro's number.
A Carbon-12 atom consists of 6 protons and 6 neutrons (which have approximately the same mass) and 6 electrons (whose mass is negligible in comparison). One could therefore think that NA is the number of protons or neutrons that have a mass of 1 gram. While this is approximately correct, the mass of a free proton is 1.00727 amu, so a mole of protons would actually have a mass of 1.00727 g. Similarly, a mole of neutrons has a mass of 1.00866 g. Clearly, 6 moles of protons combined with six moles of neutrons would have a mass greater than 12 g. So, you might ask how one mole of Carbon-12 atoms, which should consist of 6 moles each of protons, neutrons, and electrons could possibly have a mass of only 12 g? What happened to the excess mass? The answer is related to the equivalence of matter and energy

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.6991415
Retrieved Text: Anyhow, now that we’ve defined the proton, neutron, and especially the electron, it’s time to figure out what to do with them. As always, if you see a little superscript, look for an accompanying footnote at the bottom of the page.
The “X” is the atomic symbol. This tells us the symbol of the element that’s represented. Though we don’t really need this symbol if we have the atomic number (helium will always have an atomic number of 2, for example), it makes our lives easier to just write it anyway.
The “A” is the average atomic mass of the element.² If you were to pick a bunch of atoms of this element out of a bag, the average of the masses of each particle will be this number.³ In Figure 1, we see that A is equal to 4.00, which means that helium has an average atomic mass of 4.00 amu/atom or 4.00 g/mol.
Let’s say that you’ve got an atom of helium in your pocket (for some reason). When you put it on a very tiny scale, you find that the mass of the atom is 3.00 amu.⁴ Awesome.
Let’s say that a friend of yours gives you another atom of helium. When you put that on your tiny scale, you find that it weighs 4.00 amu? What’s going on?
You’ve just learned about isotopes. As you know, neutrons are present in an atomic nucleus to keep the protons from repelling too much. Because there may be more than one possible number of neutrons that will do this, there

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.62447
Retrieved Text: Quantitative chemistry calculations online Help for problem solving in doing mole calculations using experiment data making predictions. This is found by adding the atomic masses of the atoms in each molecule. The number of neutrons in a nucleus determines the isotope of that element.
According to this less common definition we will stick to the broader definition of molecule because it is more. What' s hard to justify is why it' s better to burden the " fighter" with a human occupant rather than using remote automated operation.
1 mole of molecules always contains Avogadro' s number of molecules. Symbol s atomic number 16 atomic mass 32.
Molar Mass of Molecules ( 8). This tutorial introduces atomic structure in chemistry. As the delta- V for a mission goes up the amount of propellant required goes up exponentially ( , looking at it another way: the amount of payload shrinks rge amounts of propellant are expensive but the higher the mass- ratio the higher the likelihood that the spacecraft will not be resuable.
Oxygen ( O 2) gas has the same chemical properties as liquid oxygen. Use the element name mass charge to.
The number of particles making up a mole is Avogadro' s number. Doc Brown' s Chemistry KS4 science GCSE/ IGCSE/ GCE- AS O Level Revision Notes.
A molecule is made up of 2 or more atoms chemically joined ( bonded) together. The atomic nucleus is the small dense region consisting of protons , neutrons at the center of an atom discovered in 1911 by Ernest Rutherford based on the 1909

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.617863
Retrieved Text: In the first part of the assessment, they apply what they have learned to various elements. They will also need periodic tables. Do you know why this is? Calculate the average atomic mass of silicon. When you need to know what you can do, you have to contact the website on each pictures, because we are not able to determine your right. All atoms of the identical element have to possess an equal number of protons. Which of the following statements is consistent with Dalton's model of the atom? It is determined by the atomic number.
There are a lot of means. Mg-24 has an abundance of 78. Suppose that there were two isotopes of Sodium. Do not forget, if you don't see watermark does not mean the photos can be freely used without permission. Atomic Mass And Atomic Number Answers Showing top 8 worksheets in the category - Atomic Mass And Atomic Number Answers. Worksheet will open in a new window.
Once they understand the basic structure of a neutral atom, they can begin to learn some of the changes that can occur to them. Si-28 has an atomic mass of 27. Both reactions occur with the same vigor. It is a substance made up of all the same type of atom. The other 25% have a mass of 37. Students will be broken into six groups.
The chemical properties of isotopes are the very same, even though the natural features of some isotopes could be different. Its average atomic mass is 55. . What should we report

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.608533
Retrieved Text: 1. In a reaction, 5.3 g of sodium reacted with 6 g of ethanoic acid. The products were 2.2 g of carbon dioxide, 0.9 g water and 8.2 g of sodium ethanoate. Show that these observations are in agreement with the law of conservation of mass.
1. Define atomic mass unit.
1. Calculate the molecular masses of H2, O2, Cl2, CO2, CH4, C2H6, C2H4, NH3, CH3OH.
1. If one mole of carbon atoms weighs 12 gram, what is the mass (in gram) of 1 atom of carbon?
2. Which has more number of atoms, 100 grams of sodium or 100 grams of iron (given, atomic mass of Na = 23 u, Fe = 56 u)?
2. When 3.0 g of carbon is burnt in 8.00 g oxygen, 11.00 g of carbon dioxide is produced. What mass of carbon dioxide will be formed when 3.00 g of carbon is burnt in 50.00 g of oxygen? Which law of chemical combinations will govern your answer?
3. What are polyatomic ions? Give examples?
10. Calculate the number of molecules of sulphur (S8) present in 16 g of solid sulphur.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.600431
Retrieved Text: formulas of individual molecules or do a chemical reaction calculations.
particles by counting the number of moles of particular particles.
12 grams of carbon. So, it's just some specific number.
or a gross is a specific number of particles.
I know I have exactly the same number of atoms of carbon than I have of helium.
Furthermore, we can figure out the mass of a mole of any particles.
We know what the mass of a mole of carbon is.
single atom or a single molecule weighed in the original atomic mass units.
for us to figure out how many moles we have from this ratio here.
mass of one mole and that ratio, is simply going to then be the number of moles.
And remember, the number of moles is a count of particles.
as we saw in the previous lecture, to determine molecular formula.
As we will see in this lecture, to do calculations about chemical reactions.
example. Let's say, we have substance, acetylene.
it, we're going to produce the products, carbon dioxide and water.
acetylene. Well, how are we going to use these data?
carbon dioxide. And how do we do that?
by the molar mass of the carbon dioxide which is the mass of a single mole of CO2.
plus 16 for each oxygen, so that totals up to 44.
grams of a single particle in AMUs. Well, let's see then.
have, we'll discover that we have 0.76 moles of carbon dioxide.
atoms is simply equal to the number of moles of carbon dioxide.
products is simply equal to the number of moles of carbon dioxide.
the mass of the water divided by the molar

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.513017
Retrieved Text: Gram atomic mass & Molar mass.
First recorded evidence that atoms existed.
Dalton’s theory was based on the premise that the atoms of different elements could be distinguished by differences in their weights.
o The indivisibility of an atom was proved wrong , for, an atom can be further subdivided into protons, neutrons and electrons. o The atoms of same element are similar in all respects , but isotopes of same element have different mass.
An electron is a negatively charged component of an atom which exists outside the nucleus. Each electron carries one unit of negative charge and has a very small mass as compared with that of a neutron or proton.
Since the ray was attracted to a positive electric plate placed over the cathode ray tube (beam deflected toward the positive plate) he determined that the ray must be composed of negatively charged particles.
E. Goldstein in 1886 discovered the presence of new radiations in a gas discharge and called them canal rays. These rays were positively charged radiations which ultimately led to the discovery of another sub-atomic particle.
Canal Rays: The positively charged radiation produced in the discharge tube at low pressure and high voltage are called canal rays.
Q.1 What was the model of an atom proposed by Thomson? Q.2 What is the nature of charge on electrons?
the gold foil without getting deflected. empty.
completely rebound on hitting the gold compared to the total size.
Limitation: In Rutherford’s atomic model , Nucleus & electrons are held together by electrostatic force of attraction which would lead to the fusion between them. This

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.506846
Retrieved Text: SWBAT differentiate between the three subatomic particles in terms of charge and location. SWBAT calculate the mass of an atom using protons, neutrons and atomic number.
Students will practice determining what an atom's mass is in relation to number and type of subatomic particles.
This lesson addresses the NGSS HS-PS1-1, "use the periodic table as a model to predict the relative properties of elements based on the patterns of electrons in the outermost energy level of atoms". The goal of the lesson is to build on what students learned about the basic structure of the atom in the previous lesson (Modeling the Atomic Structure), and build on it with the understanding of calculate the number of subatomic particles. This is aligned with the NGSS Disciplinary Core Idea (DCI) PS1.A (Structure and Properties of Matter): “each atom has a charged substructure consisting of a nucleus, which is made of protons and neutrons, surrounded by electrons”.
The students explore the atom using two of the NGSS Practices: (1) Questioning and (2) Mathematical and Computational Thinking. Students will continue to “Practice” questioning using a method called fact-first questioning. This process will be teacher-led, but the goal is to advance students towards higher-order thinking. Mathematical and Computational Thinking will be accomplished when students calculate atomic mass and think about the atoms' mass in relation to their parts.
The NGSS Cross Cutting Concept (CCC) that is illustrated throughout the lesson will be Patterns. This is illustrated when students see the # of protons and the atomic # of an atom can be used to determine

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.497211
Retrieved Text: To be able to use doubling to multiply two-digit numbers by 4.
To halve any two-digit number.
Will they be fractions or decimals?
Q. What is a quick way to multiply this number by 4?
Doubling twice is the quick mental method to multiply by four.
We’ll multiply each of these aloud by 4.
To be able to understand area measured in square centimetres.
We used cm² to find the areas of shapes in yesterday’s lesson.
Here we have a square metre.
How many cm² are there in I square metre?
Q. How many mm² are there in 1cm²?
Q. How can we work it out?
Which of the three units ( m² ,cm² , or mm²) would be best for measuring these?
The area of a rectangle is length x breadth or l x b for short.
Q. What is the approximate area of the rectangle?
In which rectangles do you think the area has been underestimated?
Using calculators we’ll check your estimates but will round part-answers to the nearest whole number.
Q. What areas of shapes in the classroom would you measure in mm², cm², or m²?
Record about a dozen altogether.
In your book draw rectangles using cm and mm and write their length and breadth. Be accurate!
Your partner must first estimate the area by rounding up or down then work out the area to the nearest whole number using a calculator.
Record both the estimate and the final answer.
Extension: measure area to two decimal points.
Express the formula for the area of a rectangle first in words then in letters.
Choose a suitable unit to estimate the area.
number with up to two decimal places.
To

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.486771
Retrieved Text: This set of Chemical Process Calculation Multiple Choice Questions & Answers (MCQs) focuses on “Mole and Molecular Weight-IV”.
1. How many moles of NaOH are there in the bucket?
Explanation: Number of moles = mass / molecular weight.
2. How many moles of H2SO4 are there in the bucket?
3. How many moles of H2O are there in the bucket?
4. What are the number moles of Oxygen present there in the bucket?
Explanation: Moles of Oxygen = Moles of NaOH + Moles of H2O + 4(Moles of H2SO4).
5. How many moles of Hydrogen are there in the bucket?
Explanation: Moles of H = Moles of NaOH + 2(Moles of H2O) + 2(Moles of H2SO4).
6. What is the weight percentage of H2O?
Explanation: Weight percentage = mass of the component / Total mass.
7. What is mole percentage of H2SO4?
Explanation: Mole percentage = Moles of the component / Total moles.
8. What is the weight percentage of NaOH?
9. What is mole percentage of NaOH?
10. What is the weight percentage of H2SO4 ?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.425229
Retrieved Text: This video explains what isotopes are, and it features tons of examples of the main type of problem that teachers give you for isotopes: giving you a big table that asks you to figure out the number of protons, neutrons, electrons, and the mass of an atom.
This is what you call it when -- usually in the isotopes chapter -- atomic symbols have little numbers on the left which are the atomic number and mass of the atom. This video covers the common types of problems your teacher might ask, and helps you avoid the most common mistake students make with mass notation.
Most every element comes in a few different isotopes, which have different numbers of neutrons and therefore different masses. But the periodic table only tells you the average mass. What's a chemistry student to do?!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.349521
Retrieved Text: The ratio for the highest height to the initial height will depend on the ratio of the mas.
Initially, the mass ratio is 2.0 and the ratio is close to what you have expect (but not quite the same).
You can adjust the mass ratio and see what will happen!
You can also change the number of particles.
And what if the mass ratio is less than 1.0? Ask yourself before you hit play!
You are welcomed to check out astroblaster for related discussion.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.273961
Retrieved Text: How did chemists find how many electrons, neutrons, and protons each element had?
One could do it in the following way.
The atom is electrically neutral, so the number of electrons is obviously calculated from the atomic number.
And the number of neutrons is also simply to choose: the only requirement at this stage would be the correct atomic weight for the element in question.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged periodic-table history-of-chemistry or ask your own question.
How were the elements discovered before modern technology?
Reading number of outer shell electrons and other properties from periodic table?
What do the numerals on the top right corner of the cells in the periodic table represent?
How were weights of elements and compounds determined?
What do you chemists need from a periodic table?
Why doesn't the Atomic mass number(u) represent the exact mass of 1 mole of a given element?
What is the true depiction of the periodic table?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.260528
Retrieved Text: Science by Kahoot! - Chemistry | Kahoot!
This Valentine's Day kahoot looks at the real chemistry behind feelings of love, attraction, and affection via hormones, chemicals and endorphins.
Phenylethylamine, a chemical that makes you feel "head over heels," is also found in what food?
Norepinephrine is a chemical released during attraction that may also cause ________.
Oxytocin is a hormone that has been given what nickname due to its effect on people in love?
The basic substances of matter organized on the Periodic Table are known as ________.
What Russian chemist first began to organize elements based on their atomic mass.
Which British scientist rearranged Mendeleev's table by using an element's atomic number?
… and 18 more awesome questions! Check them out by clicking “Play”.
This chemical element is atomic number 6 and is able to form covalent bonds.
T/F: Every living thing on Earth contains Carbon.
What percentage of carbon makes up the human body?
When dissolved in water, what increases the number of negatively charged Hydroxide (OH-) ions?
When dissolved in water, what increases the number of positively charged Hydronium (H3O+) ions?
How do scientists measure how acidic or basic a solution is?
The term “atom” comes from the Greek philosopher named?
Which of Dalton’s postulates incorporates the Law of Conservation of Mass?
All matter is composed of atoms Atoms from the same elements are identical. Atoms can be combined, separated, or rearranged. Atoms are indivisible.
Oxygen and carbon always combine in a 1:2 mass ratio. This is an example of which law?
Which of Dalton’s postulates required revision?
Atoms are indivisible Atoms combine in whole number ratios. Atoms of one element differ from

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.244727
Retrieved Text: What is the number of neutrons?
Using the periodic table, what is the element when Z = 33 and A = 75?
Using the periodic table, what is the element when the number of electrons is 28 and the charge on the ion is +3?
Calculate the neutron-to-proton ratio for O-17.
b. No, it is above the band of stability.
c. No, it is below the band of stability.
Calculate the neutron-to-proton ratio for Cu-68.
Does the above isotope lie within the band of nuclear stability?
b. No, it is barely above the band of stability.
Calculate the neutron-to-proton ratio (to two decimal places) for Pu-239.
Identify the missing particles by balancing the mass and atomic numbers in each of the following nuclear decay equations.
Does Ga-67, the above isotope, lie within the band of nuclear stability?
See PDF CH 19 SUPPLEMENTS RH if reaction is missing.
UPPLEMENTS RH if reaction is missing.
Which of the following statements are true with respect to natural radioactive decay?
a. Radioactive decay always moves the nuclide toward the band of stability.
c. Electron capture is characteristic of nuclei which are below the band of stability.
d. Positron emission is characteristic of nuclei which are below the band of stability.
How many α and β particles are emitted in the decay series that begins with Np-237 and finally produces the stable isotope Bi-209?
First, how many α (alpha) emissions?
Second, how many β (beta) emissions?
The radioactive decay of a certain sample produced 927 disintegrations per minute. Exactly 5.00 days later, the rate of decay was found to be 546 disintegrations per minute. Calculate the half-life, in days, for the decay

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.193589
Retrieved Text: Free Chemistry Flashcards about Chem3 Ch5.p2.
· Fe2(SO4)3 is iron III sulfate. This compound has 2Fe, 3S and 12 O's Find the molar mass of the 12 oxygen. Then find the molar mass of the entire molecule including the 12 oxygen. % oxygen = mass of oxygen / mass of molecule x ?
What is the percentage of iron in iron oxide?
· Claculate the molar mass of Iron III oxide by first determining the formula from the name, and then adding correct number of atomic masses.
The mole fraction of iron(III) fluoride, FeF3, in an aqueous solution is 8.79× 2. The percent by mass of iron(III) fluoride in the solution is %.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.190181
Retrieved Text: Want chemistry games, drills, tests and more?
You need to become an AUS-e-TUTE Member!
The relative atomic mass of an element is also known as the relative atomic weight of an element, or, the atomic weight of an element.
Relative atomic mass is often abbreviated as r.a.m.
The relative atomic mass of an element (its atomic weight) is given in the Periodic Table.
The relative atomic mass of an element is the weighted average of the masses of the isotopes in the naturally occurring element relative to the mass of an atom of the carbon-12 isotope which is taken to be exactly 12.
The atomic mass unit (u) is defined as a mass equivalent to 1/12 of the mass of one atom of carbon-12.
Please do not block ads on this website.
No ads = no money for us = no free stuff for you!
Most elements occur in nature as a mixture of different isotopes.
The element carbon, for example, exists in nature as a mixture of different isotopes: stable1 carbon-12 atoms and carbon-13 atoms.
If you were to take a sample of carbon atoms, for example the soot from a chimney or a lump of coal, you would find that most of the carbon atoms are the carbon-12 isotope and only a few would be the carbon-13 isotope.
We call this amount of each isotope found in the naturally occurring element its abundance, or its isotopic abundance to be more precise.
This means that if you take a lump of coal from nature, 98.90% of the carbon in the coal will be atoms of the carbon-12 isotope,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.184058
Retrieved Text: Although eusociality evolved independently within several orders of insects, research into the molecular underpinnings of the transition. termite Zootermopsis nevadensis (Blattodea) and compare.
Jun 14, 2010 · On my chemistry worksheet it says "Look at each of the following formulas and identify what each represents. Write the correct letter in the space next to each symbol" and then has some formulas: n2, Ca+2, AsO4-3, etc. and I have determine if its an Atom, Ion, Molecule, Formula unit, or a polyatomic ion. How do I do this?
molecular formula gives the actual number of atoms of each element in one formula unit of the compound. For ethane, C2H6 is the. Compare to the list given to select the empirical formula that has the closest mole ratio. Execute the plan: The.
Jun 25, 2017. Definition, Formula, Units, Calculation 3. What is the difference between Molar Mass And Molecular Weight – Comparison of Key Differences.
How do we compare amounts of substances to each other in chemical terms when it is. They can be atoms, formula units (of ionic compounds), or molecules.
Molecular Formula or a formula unit? plz help! Submitted by Hollier4 on Tue, 10/20/2009 – 21:41. Ok the directions say "Classify each of the following chemical formulas as a molecular formula or a formula unit." and we havent learned that yet so i need help.
The relative formula mass of a substance is the sum of the relative atomic masses of the elements present in a formula unit. The symbol for relative formula mass is M r If the substance is made of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.114956
Retrieved Text: Q: How would you determine the empirical and molecular formula for hydrogen peroxide, which is 5.94% H and 94.06% O and has a molar mass of 34.01 g/mol?
Q: What is the difference between atomic mass, atomic weight, and mass number?
Q: How can I balance this chemical equations? Potassium metal and chlorine gas combine to form potassium chloride.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.106226
Retrieved Text: How many pounds (lb, lbs) are in 1 kilogram (1 kg)? How much of weight or mass from kilograms to pounds, kg to lb, lbs? Exchange values What is the international acronym for each of these two weight or mass units? Prefix or symbol for One kilogram converted into pound equals = lb, lbs. 1 kg = lb, lbs. How many kg in 1 lb? You can view more details on each measurement unit: kg or lb The SI base unit for mass 1 kilogram is equal to lb. How do you calculate how many kilograms equals one pound? 1, Views  The Kilogram and Measurements of Mass and Force IMEKO Tech. Comm.
Kilograms to pounds conversion table and converter to find out how many lbs in 1 kilogram equals to pounds, pounds or grams. However, when you go to countries that use kilograms instead of pounds, in your measurement by, which is how many pounds are in 1 kilogram. Divide the total cost by the number of pounds to determine the cost of each pound. Therefore, 88 cents per pound is equal to $ per kilogram. You can easily convert 64 kilograms into pounds using each unit definition: With this information, you can calculate the quantity of pounds 64 kilograms is equal to. ¿What is the inverse calculation between 1 pound and 64 kilograms?.
mass weight conversion calculator of units converse gram kilogram carat to ounce pound stone lb. The kilogram is the unit of mass; it is equal to the mass of the international prototype of

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.101335
Retrieved Text: The purpose of this article is to provide a better understanding of why some countries experience mass atrocities dur- ing periods of democratic transition, while others do not. Scholars have long regarded democracy as an important source of stability and protection from mass atrocities such as genocide, crimes against humanity and ethnic cleansing. But democratic transition itself is fraught with the heightened risk of violent conflict and even mass atrocities. Indeed, a number of studies have identified regimes in transition as containing the highest risk of political instability and mass atrocities. What is overlooked is the question of how and why some regimes undergo such transitions without experi- encing mass atrocities, despite the presence of a number of salient risk factors, including state-based discrimination, in- ter-group tension and horizontal inequality. Utilizing a new analytical framework, this article investigates this lacuna by conducting a comparative analysis of two countries—one that experienced atrocities (Burundi) during transition, and one that did not (Guyana). How countries avoid such violence during transition has the potential to yield insights for the mitigation of risk associated with mass atrocity crimes.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.051335
Retrieved Text: OCEANSIDE — Mission San Luis Rey held a Christmas Eve midnight mass in the mission chapel for the first time in 15 years. “None of the friars that live here in the parish can remember there being a mass here,” Brother James Lockman said.
The tradition of Christmas Eve mass in the Mission San Luis Rey chapel took a hiatus when the parish building opened on mission grounds and the number of parishioners soon grew to 4,700, a number 10 times what the 200-year-old chapel could hold.
This year the attendance at the midnight mass was limited to the first 400 to arrive. Families lined up at 10:30 p.m., doors opened at 11:15 p.m., and the mass began at midnight with carols and worship.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.921954
Retrieved Text: What is a mass murder?
A mass murder is the act of murdering a number of people, typically simultaneously or over a relatively short period of time and in close geographic proximity. The FBI defines mass murder as murdering four or more persons during an event with no "cooling-off period" between the murders.
What is a mass murderer?
A mass murderer is a person who carries out these acts, typically in a fit of rage, or as a well-calculated plan.
What can put someone at risk of becoming a mass murderer?
Full of rage, hate, anger, etc.
Trying to stop bullying and mistreatment of others in schools. Helping others to feel included so nobody is isolated.
Recognising when a child is troubled and assisting them in socialising and seeking support. Stand up for those who cannot stand up for themselves.
80 percent of mass murderers reveal their plans to someone and 59 percent do to more than one. If someone is talking about an attack discourage them and report it. Do not feel bad for reporting it because in the end you could be saving lives, including theirs.
Media and news sources should put the focus on victims rather than the killers themselves. Many of them want the attention and notoriety that comes with their crimes, if they believe they will not get it they may not kill.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.912081
Retrieved Text: Abstract: Definition and measurement of the fundamental units is essential to the principles of physics. Distance has an obvious and simple relationship with the measuring scale. Such a relationship is absent in measuring the mass of an object using the balance scale. This is one of the important factors for the present chaotic scenario in the field of physics.
The concepts of mass and force were deep rooted in the principles of physics. A thought of something wrong with these fundamental concepts is unimaginable. Our whole understanding of physical phenomenon and countless theories are based on these very fundamental concepts. Can these basic concepts stand for scrutiny with simple reasoning?
Mass is defined as the amount of matter inside an object and the matter is defined as the basic particles. Amount by any standard is a count of elements of a particular unit. In the case of mass, it is the count of basic particles inside an object.
It is not sure of how many basic particles were there in the platinum bar approved as the international standard for a kilogram of mass and went onto to compare that standard kilogram of mass with other objects using a balance scale. Here, the balance scale doesn’t compare the number of basic particles inside an object, rather it compares the amount of gravity earth exerts on each the objects. By comparing the objects using the balance scale, we are equating the gravity of the objects with the amount of matter inside those objects.
As it is already evident, a group of same

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.897026
Retrieved Text: Hard to know what to make of this as it is not my field. But here is a claim for element 122, or maybe 124, detection in thorium by a mass spectrometric method.1 The authors have claimed previously the observation of very heavy isotopes, for instance Rg isotopes in the mass spectra of natural gold.
Abstract:1 Evidence for the existence of a superheavy nucleus with atomic mass number A=292 and abundance (1-10) x 10-12 relative to 232Th has been found in a study of natural Th using inductively coupled plasma-sector field mass spectrometry.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.890964
Retrieved Text: which the number of electrons does not equal the number of protons.
Now, atoms that have a charge, that is not zero, are called ions.
of protons determines the identity of the element.
So for example, all atoms of sodium have 11 protons in the nucleus.
sodium, the symbol is Na, remember, is eleven.
follow this lecture and do some of the in-video excersises.
So, go ahead and pause the video to get out a periodic table if you need to do so.
the number of protons does not equal the number of electrons.
alkali metals, such as lithium, sodium, and potassium, tend to lose one electron.
They give those electrons up fairly easily.
number of protons does not equal the number of electrons.
electrons, and not 11, then its charge is +1.
protons than electrons, it is called a cation.
The cation is a species that has a positive charge.
There are some important points about ions that were repeating.
ion, it does so by gaining or losing electrons, not protons.
If the number of protons is changing, then the identity of the element would change.
it just changes into an ion.
The ions charge can be easily calculated.
It's the number of protons in the species minus the number of electrons.
Again, any time an atom has a positive charge its called a cation.
Sometimes its a collection of atoms that all together have a positive charge.
And we still call that a cation.
A cation is any species where there's more protons than electrons.
Cations are formed by the species losing electrons at some point in the past.
If an ion has a negative charge, then it's called

================



======= Instance Index 6726 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Life probably began in the oceans. No one knows exactly how or when. Life may have originated more than once. If life began before the Moon formed, that impact would have wiped it out. Then life would have had to originate again. Eventually conditions on Earth became less violent. The planet could support life.


Q: Life probably began where?

 Choices:

- caves

- the Sun

- rocks

- oceans

A:

Target Text: oceans

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.743996
Retrieved Text: good god. never seen this before- is that unusual, i probably should of known about it, i know about Rex......whats the story with it?
They appear to be Bob Shad related. Mostly material from the Sittin' In/Jax labels, although that Getz/Billie thing, I don't know where that one began life.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.489251
Retrieved Text: I have struggled with anxiety most of my life. The story of anxiety in my life begins probably somewhere between 1981 and 1986. Those were the years my mother battled breast cancer, eventually dying in 1986 when I was 11 years old. As best as I can remember, the onset of anxiety for me began two weeks after her death when I returned to school and was no longer capable of reading out loud in class…only stuttering. That was the day that I began to live in fear as anxiety gripped my life, but more than likely it had already begun it’s work in those previous years with the ups and downs of my mom’s struggle with breast cancer.
My anxiety has its roots in those early experiences, and like me, you probably have recollections of when anxiety began in your life. Often it can begin in childhood, especially if we have a parent who is highly anxious, or we encounter some experience to provoke anxiety. Whatever your story, anxiety may be a part of yours. Most of the research I come across these days is that anxiety disorders are the most common mental illness in the United States and about 18% of the U.S. population, 18 and over, suffers from some type of anxiety disorder. And more than likely the numbers are much higher than this, as that 18% probably only represents those who have gotten help.
But what I have discovered in my own journey with anxiety is that anxiety has actually become the greatest opportunity

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.692078
Retrieved Text: James Corsan was born in 1951. He began professional life as a barrister and then survived a quarter of a century in the British film and television industry. This is his first book.
December 2009 Book of the Month. Funny how the world has changed in less than 100 years. Today, it is likely that we would know every aspect Ronnie Poulton-Palmer's life - his family background, where he went to school, his social life, his relationships, where he played, how he played. He would be all over the media and feted by the paparazzi. He would be sponsored by Banks, deodorants, after-shaves and sports goods companies. Probably, he would have a multi-million pound contract to play rugby in France. Instead, he scored four tries in his last game for England in 1914 and gave his life for his country in 1915. Even if you have nor heard of Ronnie Poulton-Palmer, even if you are not particularly keen on Rugby, you should read this book. It evokes a time and a long-lost sense of values and behavioural code - as well as the life of a quite extraordinary man whose story deserves to be told.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.323292
Retrieved Text: Eminem didn't grow up with much of a religious influence. He has stated that, as of late, he's become more religious and prays frequently.
Eminem, despite his women and gay-hating lyrics, appears to be a liberal at heart who supports Obama and took a crack at Bush.
Eminem, born Marshall Bruce Mathers III and sometimes known as Slim Shady, was born in Saint Joseph, Missouri and grew up between Warren, Michigan and Detroit, Michigan where he went to high school and began his rap career.
Eminem’s childhood is known to be tumultuous. His father abandoned him and he was raised by his mother, who was rumored to be an alcoholic and drug addict.1 It is a safe assumption that, though religion of some kind was probably present in Eminem’s young life, it was not anywhere near a driving force.
Clearly, this is joke and puts Eminem in the category of those having no problem with offending the religiously faithful. But he was probably already in that category.
Eminem doesn’t indicate what denomination he adheres to, or even if he prays to the Christian God or the Hindu’s Vishnu–just that he prays. But he’s probably Christian.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.096228
Retrieved Text: In just over 24 hours from now my move to Saudi Arabia begins. That last sentence isn't exactly true, but it is close. My move probably began when I was in university and I fell in love with a Turkish girl from Germany. That was the moment that the idea of my existence on this planet changed from a local North Carolina prospective to a more global one.
There were many steps along the way. First I dreamed of Europe. And then of Japan. Then I went to Europe. My dream of Japan became a life in South Korea; living and working in South Korea's second largest city, Busan. It is a coastal port city with more than 4 well used beaches, 24 hour access to food and drink, and the kind of friendships that stir the soul into motion.
Some time and place later, I have been to 16 countries so far, including an amazing, interesting, and also terrifying year living in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Tomorrow the adventure continues as I have packed up my life in the USA and will be boarding a plane for Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Full circle. I never married the young Muslim girl I fell in love with so many years ago. But now I find myself on the precipice of moving to the birthplace of Islam. I guess it is not exactly a circle. My life has spiraled more like the famous Fibonacci numbers with every event in my life being the sum of what has come before. Yet still

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.004442
Retrieved Text: If you want to chart your course, find your purpose, stop feeling so overwhelmed and strung-out, and become the world changer you were born to be, Life Mapping is for you.
Ya, I know, those things are no biggy.
Wait, are you telling me life isn’t always a cake-walk? Managing your time isn’t as simple as a slice of bread? Finding meaning and purpose doesn’t just come naturally, like dancing on sunshine?
And although I know I probably just said E.V.E.R.Y.T.H.I.N.G. you want in life, Life Mapping isn’t a perfect solution. In fact, for it to work you have to work hard at it and find accountability.
And even then, it’s just a freaking map. Not a fine-toothed detailed plan to make your life perfect. Rather, it will probably help you realize you might actually want to change directions and do hard things and become, well, different. It might require you to mature a little or question your beliefs.
Did I just do the opposite of sell you on Life Mapping?
Good, because if I turned you off from it that easily, Life Mapping really isn’t for you.
Even if you feel like you’d like to do all the things, but you aren’t sure where to start (and maybe you’re burning-out, carrying too much), if you don’t want to do the work to change, this isn’t for you.
Even if you are just sick of living an unintentional life.
Even if you wonder if you are just a dreamer, your visions are so impossible, and if it isn’t even worth it to try.
Or even if

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.947892
Retrieved Text: First I should say that I have never been diagnosed with ADD. I have talked several times with my doctor about having the disorder, but nothing has really come of it. I however, believe with every inch of my heart that I have ADD. My life is a total shamble of things that I have no control over that I should honestly be able to control. I constantly lose things. Right now I have absolutely no idea where my checkbook is (6/19/2002). For as long as I can remember I have been forgetful, awkward, anti-social, confused and in general not really with it. My finances are a mess, I can’t seem to find the right job and my social life is non-existent.
It just so happens that a couple of months ago I decided to join an inclusion workshop for work (I’m the Director at a daycare center). During the classes a woman came in and lectured on ADD and children. After the lecture I thought wow, this is what’s wrong with my five year old daughter. She is completely out of control. I then began to investigate the disorder and it began to dawn on me that she probably got it from me! I was aboslutely crushed. I was also relieved in a way because all the unsuccessful events of my life began to have a cause. I always knew that I wasn’t dumb, but I couldn’t seem to get it together and I was always confused or a day behind. But now it all seemed

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.900712
Retrieved Text: March 2nd. HAVE YOU FELT THE HURT OF THE LORD? "Jesus said unto him the third time, Lovest thou Me?" John 21:17 Have you felt the hurt of the Lord to the uncovered quick, the place where the real sensitiveness of your life is lodged? The devil never hurts there, neither sin nor human affection hurts there, nothing goes through to that place but the word of God. "Peter was grieved because Jesus said unto him the third time. . . ." He was awakening to the fact that in the real true centre of his personal life he was devoted to Jesus, and he began to see what the patient questioning meant. There was not the slightest strand of delusion left in Peter's mind, he never could be deluded again. There was no room for passionate utterance, no room for exhilaration or sentiment. It was a revelation to him to realize how much he did love the Lord, and with amazement he said - "Lord, Thou knowest all things." Peter began to see how much he did love Jesus; but he did not say - "Look at this or that to confirm it." Peter was beginning to discover to himself how much he did love the Lord, that there was no one in heaven above or upon earth beneath beside Jesus Christ; but he did not know it until the probing, hurting questions of the Lord came. The Lord's questions always reveal me to myself. The patient directness and skill of Jesus Christ with Peter!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.864472
Retrieved Text: The research by Bristol University in the United Kingdom, published May 10 in the medical journal The Lancet, analyzed 18 European and American studies involving 88,504 HIV patients over the 14-year span between 1996 - when ART first came into use - and 2010.
According to the new research, 20-year-olds who began ART in 2010 are predicted to live up to 10 years longer than those who started on the older version of the treatment in 1996. This suggests that life expectancy of a 20-year-old who began ART from 2008, responded well to it, and continued on the regimen would get close to the life expectancy of the general population - 78 years.
When the scientists looked specifically at deaths due to AIDS, the number during treatment declined over time between 1996 and 2010, probably because more modern drugs are more effective in restoring the immune system.
'Our research illustrates a success story of how improved HIV treatments coupled with screening, prevention, and treatment of health problems associated with HIV infection can extend the life span of people diagnosed with HIV,' Adam Trickey, medical statistician at the University of Bristol, said in a statement.
However, further efforts are needed if life expectancy is to match that of the general population, Trickey added.
Strategies adapted for people in developing regions of the world to get better access to treatment are also needed.
The Bristol University team hopes the findings help reduce the stigma associated with living with HIV, so those infected can keep working and have smoother access to medical insurance, where needed.
In

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.852853
Retrieved Text: Also a born and raised Mainer and a legalese veteran, Betsey began working with us in the spring of 1984. After attending high school in Millinocket and earning a degree from Husson College in Bangor, Betsey moved to Rochester, New York where she worked and raised a family for sixteen years. Eventually, however, Betsey missed the ocean and came home, where she began her career as an office manager for McKittrick & Warren. Constantly making jokes and sharing smiles, Betsey spends her days at the office making everyone’s life just a little easier. Her warm and personable nature gives her an advantage when it comes to her human resources duties, and her years of experience and enthusiasm to take care of those around her make her the perfect fit as a point of contact for incoming estate planning clients. When she’s not making us all feel loved around the office, she’s probably doing the same for her children, grandchildren, and her growing gaggle of great-grandchildren.
Don’t let her soft heart fool you, however. Betsey is a thirty-year veteran and local softball star and plays on two coed leagues April through October. She has also participated in the Rockland dodgeball league and helped her team win the dodgeball championship three out of the first five years of its existence. The perfect blend of sugar and spice, Betsey certainly brings everything nice to our office family.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.811962
Retrieved Text: God really has been “hard” at work in my life this past year. For those of you who do not know the same God as me, I understand, this concept probably sounds a bit foreign to you (and likely a little crazy). But how do I explain it… My life has been changed. Transformed. And believe me, it’s for the better. Still a little confused? Let me illustrate what I mean (the “why”) before I delve into the new and exciting happenings (the “what”) at Beyond the Dinner Table.
I’ve always believed in the existence of God. I mean, if you look around outside, it’s hard not to believe that there is someone orchestrating the new beginnings of life and the changing of the seasons. And all the suffering of this world? There has to be a reason for it… as well as some deliverance from this world’s heartaches and pain one day.
But what I failed to do was to trust God. To trust that He had a greater purpose for my life then my present, seemingly grim reality. To trust Him with my stress and emotions, my fears of the future, and my need to be in control.
My self-reliance only led to complete bitterness, anger, loneliness, and depression. Rock bottom was probably a year or so after the birth of my little guy. And then the change began to happen.
God revealed to me that there was a community of people that loved and cared for me (and had never stopped praying for me). I began fervently

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.791415
Retrieved Text: Back in the early 1960’s I was a member of a church that banned a popular book.
Of course, that only made me want to read it more to find out what was so evil or blasphemous about it. Actually, I found it to be the exact opposite.
The book title is Psycho-Cybernetics by Maxwell Maltz and it actually started me on my study of psychology in graduate school and ultimately into metaphysics.
Dr. Maltz discovered that patients often continued to see themselves the same way they did before he did plastic surgery on them—even when they were looking in a mirror.
He wondered how that was possible until he realized it was because they had not changed their subconscious mind about how they looked, and thus the image they saw of themselves in the mirror had not changed.
That is a pretty astounding revelation isn’t it!
In fact, it doesn’t even seem possible, and yet it happens to everyone all the time–still thinking of themselves the same way they have since they were children.
When you were a child you probably were not 100% self-confident.
Am I right? In fact, you probably doubted yourself quite a bit. I know I did.
The problem is that as we grow older we still carry the old beliefs in our subconscious mind unless and until we address them and clear them.
What Dr. Maltz discovered was it isn’t just about our physical appearance that people can’t see another way, it is most of what we believe to be true.
So he began working with mental imagery to reprogram his

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.729836
Retrieved Text: Last night I was sitting on my turquoise sofa, in my tiny living room, the front door open and a cool breaze coming in through the screen door. I was breathing heavily and dripping sweat from my run, and on the coffee table before me a big cardbord box of organic veggies that had just been delivered awaited me. I took a deep breath, and for the first time in months I felt happy and healthy.
This move is probably one of the best things I have ever done for myself. I love my new home. It’s bright and cheerful, I take good care of the little garden, I’m actually attempting to grow some herbs and veggies. I feel at home here. It’s suddenly clear to me how detached I felt in my old apartment, and I lived there for almost four years. It’s incredible how often in my life I have overlooked opportunities for change, how many times I told myself that it would be better to just stay where I was. But the last two years have been so dramatically life changing, that sometimes I look in the mirror and I feel like I hardly recognize myself.
I stopped putting other people’s needs before mine. I began to be kind to myself.
I stopped thinking I wasn’t attractive. I learned to love my body.
I stopped saying no to things, without really understanding why. I opened myself up to new possibilities.
I stopped being afraid of many, many things. I began to be brave.
I stopped being so grave in

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.685004
Retrieved Text: In March of 2014, I began a journey I was in no way prepared for… I decided to start a Christian blog. At the time, it wrongly assumed it would be easy. I would simply write a post every now and then, and people would come to my website and read what I wrote. Little did I know all that I would encounter during the next few years. Starting a blog was so much more involved than I had anticipated… but it would also prove to be more rewarding than I could ever have imagined.
In my 4+ years of blogging, God has taught me so much. Through it all, He has taught me what it means to work hard and pursue what He has called you to do… even when things are stacked against you.
What has God called you to share? Truth be told, we are all called to share the Good News with the world. Blogging, however, gives you a unique voice, and your audience extends far beyond your immediate sphere of influence. You are able to share your stories and life experiences with those you may never have met in real life.
When I first began blogging, I knew deep within my heart that I wanted to write. I actually loved writing all through high school and college. I also knew where this desire came from… Truth be told, I had a lot to learn. (And I still have a lot to learn!) I jumped into blogging having no clue where to really begin, but

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.643543
Retrieved Text: First, let’s explore what meditation actually is. If you’ve Googled “meditation,” you’ve probably noticed that there is no shortage of information out there. While in some ways that’s great, it may leave you wondering where am I supposed to begin?
Meditation is a name given to the many techniques that turn your attention inward. There are many types of meditation – each one asks us to engage or focus our attention. You’ve probably heard of these: visualization, contemplation, walking, chanting, watching your breath, silent mantra meditation, and mindfulness. There are many others.
One of the most common questions is: What is the difference between meditation and mindfulness? I created this diagram in order for you to see that meditation is the broader term under which many different practices arise. From this, you can see that all mindfulness practices are considered meditation, but not all meditations are considered mindfulness.
Meditation is recommended by almost every health professional because it provides a proven way to give your mind and body a rest and to reduce stress. Your mind is a powerful tool that has a huge impact on the health of our bodies as well as the quality of our lives. The single most effective way to detoxify the body is to detoxify the mind.
Millions of people are now meditating and research has demonstrated the physical, social, emotional, psychological, and spiritual benefits of meditation. In this fast-paced world where stress is the new “normal” people are becoming increasingly inspired to learn to meditate.
Meditation can be easy if you are taught correctly.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.613241
Retrieved Text: Mr. Ross talks about Wood Lake, a battle site in the U.S.-Dakota War, and what it means to be an akicita.
How can someone be an akicita today?
Wood Lake – unusual set of circumstances, an important battle for healing the friendlies. One thing that is not looked at either, maybe a few Dakota do, is if the warriors had not fought, how many people would have been able to escape to Canada or the far places that they ended up? The warriors were defending a great deal at Wood Lake because their families were close. That’s where Mazomani was wounded. You know he’s buried not too far from here. His family was there. He was looking for a peaceful solution as was his brother but he was killed for his efforts. The 14 to 20-some warriors that are buried out there, they were fighting for the lives of all their people – friendly or unfriendly. They fought a battle, thought they could win, probably could have except for unfortunate circumstance. But they would have fought whether or not they had a chance of winning. They were fighting for the existence of a people even if some of the people disagreed with them. A warrior’s life is to fight for the people, protect them, hunt for them, provide whatever, police. So their life ended the same way as it began. They began a life that led to them to be akicita. Their life ended being akicita. Whether or not anybody has respect for the Dakota warriors, and what

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.579823
Retrieved Text: The Perspective of Life From My Side of Window: turkish singing...again!
Few weeks ago, a Turkish national TV, Samanyoluhaber contacted my Turkish teacher and wanted the Malaysian participants, me and Sakinah to sing a few songs for their Ramadhan program. Sakinah is singing a few part of the 'Asma ul-Husna' while I have to sing 2 Turkish songs, Sahit Olsun and Seni Anlatamam.
Jeez. Just when I thought my Turkish days are over, they keep running after me! So today I began the recording of the songs at my home. It took me 5 hours and probably 20 trial runs before getting the perfect vocal and singing. You have no idea how tiring it was.
And tomorrow, we would be recording the music video in KLCC where the whole of Turkey will get to see the beauty of Kuala Lumpur.
Avril Lavigne's cancellation: What the....???

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.549046
Retrieved Text: This started four years ago. I was in the 8th grade at that time. It was a regular day at school and all of a sudden I felt extremely uneasy – it was almost like I was suffering a heart attack and was about to die. I quickly made my way home and gradually began to feel better. At that time, I didn’t quite understand what was happening to me - it was more like an anxiety attack, I assumed.
After this, I was scared to go back to school, or any public place for that matter. What if that anxiety attack happened again, I thought to myself, and decided to stay put at home. Honestly, I was the kind of person who loved going out to different places. Staying home all day, every day, was very upsetting, but the thought of going somewhere and feeling uneasy was what scared me more. Slowly, this really got to me. I would wonder if I would ever get back to normal life. I was so conscious of this happening again that I didn’t talk about my anxiety disorder to anyone. Not even to my parents, because I thought they’d feel that I had lost my mind. So there was nothing that I could do and no one whom I could talk to either. The only place where I felt completely safe was my home. Also read: #MyStory: How He Made Me Feel GREAT About My Body! I began to believe that I probably did something drastically wrong, some sort

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.494983
Retrieved Text: …winked at his momma, who was applauding wildly.
Yesterday I received a text from Haley Ryan, the wife of the worship leader–Travis Ryan, in the church where Brandon plays guitar on Sunday mornings. She had been reading MOMS RAISING SONS TO BE MEN the night before. The particular story about Brandon winking at me from stage struck her “momma’s heart” as a mom of two little boys. As she looked up at Brandon on the stage, she saw Brandon’s precious new bride sitting in the front row.
Haley’s text read: This morning I’m sitting behind Jessy and she is in the front row just like you always were with Brandon. I’m sure he probably winked at her and I thought what a beautiful picture…How sweet to see him serving the Lord with the gifts that he began developing at a young age. And now with a godly wife sitting next to him. And then I thought all your hard work was worth it and it began with you first seeking Christ.
Moms never forget you are raising a man. The foundation you carefully lay in his life will reap benefits when he is an adult. All your hard work and sacrifice now are building a lasting legacy in your son – in the way he will serve the Lord with His talents, and one day love his wife.
For insights to guide your son toward a no-regrets life from moms of – Luke Smallbone for King & Country, St. Augustine, Billy Graham, and many more great stories – read Rhonda’s

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.480442
Retrieved Text: Conductor Maurice Abravanel (1903–1993) was a scion of a prominent established family of Sephardi Jews whose history dates to pre-Christian Moslem Spain and was among the unconverted Jewish population expelled from the Iberian Peninsula at the end of the 15th century. This family’s most illustrious and best-known personality probably remains Don Isaac Abravanel.
Maurice Abravanel (who went by the name Maurice de Abravanel until 1938) was born in the Greek city of Thessaloníki, at that time part of the Ottoman Empire. His ancestors had lived in the region since 1517, but in 1909 his parents moved to Lausanne, Switzerland, where the young Abravanel began to show evidence of the musical talent that was to distinguish him throughout his life. Between 1922 and 1933 he became intensely involved in the musical life of Weimar Germany. He was mentored in Berlin by Kurt Weill, with whom he formed a close association that lasted until the latter’s premature death, in 1950; and he continued throughout his own life to promote performances of Weill’s music. By the time Abravanel left Germany in 1933, in the wake of the 1932 elections and the resulting assumption of power by the National Socialists, he had conducted in numerous German opera houses. Like Weill, he went to Paris, where he worked for a time with Bruno Walter and continued to gain respect as a conductor. When he left Paris in 1934, his destination—and probably his anticipated permanent home—was Australia, where he conducted in opera houses in Melbourne and Sydney. An offer to conduct at the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.468433
Retrieved Text: It is unlikely that the very first life on Earth became fossilised, but finding the oldest fossils that do exist could help solve the twin mysteries of when and how life began. This is a huge challenge, not least because the oldest life forms probably didn’t resemble anything alive today. As a consequence, candidates for the title of first fossil are inevitably controversial, with sceptics suggesting they are merely strange geological formations rather than once-living organisms.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.415742
Retrieved Text: Joseph Merrick, famous people from Leicester.
Born 1862. Died 1890 - Englishman known as the Elephant Man.
Began to develop the disease thought now to be Proteus syndrome at the age of five. Causes irregular skin growth, bone deformation and grotesque enlargement of the head. Joined freak show in 1883. Rescued by the surgeon Frederick Treves, given place at London Hospital. Died of accidental suffocation at age of 27.
http://josephcareymerrick.com/ - This is probably the most comprehensive and informative source of information about the "Elephant Man." It covers all aspects of Merrick's early life, career as a novelty, and final years at the London Hospital under the care of Frederick Treves where he was befriended by Alexander, Princess of Wales and Madge Kendal, among other illustrious members of society. Despite his extremely severe condition, Joseph Merrick was a gentle, courageous man, educated and kind. When he died at age 27, he was mourned by many.
Contributors: Do you have a site related to Joseph Merrick?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.412449
Retrieved Text: So where is The Butterfly Flies?
Publishing a book takes a lot of energy and time. It has been a year since the projected began. I keep telling you it is close to fruition and it now really is. It has gone to printing and the cover front and back is ready to go. There still is some procedures that need to happen with the printing as I believe there will be 3 printing edits to do and I haven’t seen the first one yet. My hope was it would be available to you for Christmas, however, don’t think so now. Probably January or early February, I am guessing!
As soon as I know the launch date I will post it here, on my website, Make Life Happen and on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Amazon will carry it as will most bookstores. There also will be an e-book.
This is all I know right now, but will be back as soon as I know more.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.3833275
Retrieved Text: I’m a generalist, which means I have written about everything from shark research in the Chesapeake Bay to traveling in far-flung Caribbean islands, from profiles of watermen, businessmen, and boatbuilders to stories about climate archives in whale ear wax.
For me, writing is a gateway to the rest of the world. I love immersing in a subject or a place and learning about something completely new. I ask a lot of questions. I pay attention to the details. I listen. Whether for a magazine story or a poem, the MO is the same.
My professional journalism career began in daily newspapers, then came my real education during nearly four years with The Associated Press in Northern New England. I took a hard left turn from the intensity of the wire service to become mid-Atlantic bureau chief of Soundings, a monthly newspaper about boating that I’d grown up watching my dad and brothers read cover to cover. This brought me back home to the Chesapeake Bay, where I eventually became executive editor of Chesapeake Bay Magazine.
In 2008, my husband, young son and daughter, and I sold most of what we owned, moved onto our 45-foot sailboat Osprey, and went sailing fulltime throughout the western Caribbean, Central America, the Bahamas, and the Atlantic coast from Florida to the Canadian Maritimes. During this time, I wrote a monthly column for Cruising World magazine about our travels.
Since our return to land in 2012, I’ve been a writer for Washington College in Chestertown, Maryland, where I’m presently director of media relations. While studying

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.364376
Retrieved Text: As Life & Style exclusively reported, Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez have began planning their wedding after getting back together following her split from The Weeknd. And an insider claims the brunette beauty “could be pregnant!” Which is probably why Justin is extra proud of Selena’s 2017 American Music Awards‘ performance.
For more on Justin and Selena’s rekindled romance, pick up the latest issue of Life & Style, on newsstands now!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.360114
Retrieved Text: The CQUniversity Northern University Games has opened with a bang, led by none other than the new CQUniversity mascot Birdy McBirdface (but you can call him “Birdy”). We sat down with Birdy McBirdface to learn more about the complex social and sporting life of this remarkable addition to the CQUniversity family.
How excited are you for the Northern University Games?
I’m so excited that I had to put an extra layer of newspaper down on the floor of my house. I know it’s too early to make the call just yet, but historians will probably say that the 2017 CQUniversity Northern University Games were better than the 1984 Royal Scottish Pigeon Racing Championships.
My mother regurgitating grubs into my mouth while my sister tried throwing me out of the nest to my death – good times!
When did you know you wanted to be a mascot?
Growing up, I always dreamt of being a World Champion middle-distance runner, but a freak accident in 2014 (I flew into a sliding glass door) forced me to abandon my dreams. I hit rock bottom, and began hanging out with Ibis’ at the park. It was another mascot (Joe Blake, the CQUniversity Cairns Taipans mascot) that found me, cleaned me up and convinced me that the life of a bin chicken is no way to live, and showed me the mascot way. I haven’t eaten out of a bin for 2 years now and becoming a mascot has changed my life – I’m living a new dream!
You are quite the dancer on the sidelines at

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.355748
Retrieved Text: Traveling to the east of Ukraine, it is striking that here mostly young cities, if I may say so. As a rule, all these cities were opened during the reign of Empress Catherine II. Their age is just over two centuries, that within the framework of history, of course, a very short time.
Lugansk, just is one of the many cities that in 1795 was founded by decree of Catherine II. And it all began with winterers and small farms, where mostly Cossacks lived. A little later, they were joined by Russians, Serbs, Croats and Bulgarians. There were also settlers from the left-bank Ukraine. This settlement was named Kamenny Brod. A special impetus to the emergence of the city in the valley of the Lugan River was the founding of the first southern iron foundry. It was with his construction that the birth of Lugansk began as a full-fledged city.
It is not surprising that many of the sights of the city are associated with the production of metal, after all, it is enough only to look at what it began with. For example, any resident of Lugansk will tell you where there is a monument to a caster who depicts a gun and a caster cast from cast iron. The monument is located on the most honorable place - next to the building of the Luhansk City Executive Committee.
However, Lugansk is famous not only for its factories - probably, few of the uninitiated know that the famous lexicographer and writer V. Dal was born and lived in

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.273853
Retrieved Text: Popular stories and beliefs shared by ordinary people have a long history in Ireland. Irish folklore survived for so long partly because Ireland remained a largely rural country, while people in other European countries began to move to towns and cities. City life changed the way people lived and thought. This meant that many old beliefs and customs began to fade away. Ways of life, traditions, and beliefs changed much more slowly in the countryside.
A belief in fairies—small creatures with magical powers—has long been an important part of Irish folklore. Fairies are believed to have both good and bad effects on people’s lives. Although not many people claim to have seen them, their presence is often recorded in folklore.
Fairies are known in Irish as síóga. Because of their magical powers, it is considered very foolish to risk annoying them. Places where they might live or gather are treated with care and a certain amount of fear. In earlier times, farmers did not like to interfere with ring forts—round areas banked by earth and often in the middle of a field—because they were associated with fairies.
People did not then know that ring forts were built by humans more than 1,000 years ago as a safe place to live. The ring forts would probably have been pulled down and destroyed were it not for the folklore of fairies.
Irish folklore has been treated with respect as a record of one part of the country’s history. Stories and beliefs were passed along in spoken form through the years. This is

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.259273
Retrieved Text: Whether you are a new Nordic Walker, or have been NWing for years, you probably began as a way to improve your quality of life. A wise choice.
But NWing regularly is only part of improving your quality of life. On this page we will be sharing articles, stories and yes, even some advice. We welcome suggestions and stories from you. Please forward any that you wish to share to Info@INWA.com.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.256922
Retrieved Text: THE Shrimps are saddened to hear about the death of former player and coach Gerry Irving.
Gerry was an integral part of the Morecambe FC team of the 1967-1968 season which was probably the most successful in the club's history winning the Lancashire Combination League, the Senior Cup, the Junior Cup and the Combination Cup all in the same year.
The eldest of seven sons, Gerry was born in a small town called Allerby near Maryport back in 1937 and began his career as a teenager with Workington Reds who were in the old third division north.
Gerry’s rise towards the Workington first team coincided with the managerial appointment of the legendary Bill Shankly who gave him his reserve team against a Middlesbrough side that included Brian Clough.
Gerry eventually progressed to the Workington first team and was given his full debut against Oldham Athletic at Boundary Park before moving on to Queen of the South in Scotland where he stayed for seven years as a part time player before joining Morecambe when Geoff Twentyman was manager in 1963.
When Morecambe appointed Ken Waterhouse as manager, a new and exciting chapter in Gerry's life story began.
The Morecambe FC team of the 1967-1968 season was probably the most successful in the club's history. They won the Lancashire Combination League, the Senior Cup, the Junior Cup and the Combination Cup all in the same year.
Gerry continued to play football for Morecambe while running businesses locally and hung up his boots at the age of 33 before going into coaching and acting as assistant

================



======= Instance Index 2446 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

The chapter focuses on the atmosphere. Beyond the atmosphere is space. The next chapter introduces the study of space.


Q: What is beyond the atmosphere?

 Choices:

- air

- vacuum

- space

- object

A:

Target Text: space

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.04803
Retrieved Text: New observations of our atmosphere calculate that it extends far beyond what we thought, encompassing the moon! This means that we’ve actually never left Earth’s atmosphere. Here’s what else these observations can tell us.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.836465
Retrieved Text: Even if you’re able to escape light pollution on a clear night, your view of the Milky Way is still obscured by the Earth’s atmosphere and, of course, limited to the visible light spectrum. Modern telescopes have transformed our understanding of the cosmos not only through their unprecedented deep-space views, but also because they’re able to detect electromagnetic frequencies outside of what we can see with our eyes, occasionally while orbiting beyond Earth’s atmosphere. This revealing video from the American Museum of Natural History guides us through celestial views at several electromagnetic frequencies, demonstrating how specialised telescopes reach beyond the visible spectrum to help demystify the observable Universe.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.126947
Retrieved Text: Scientists found that the outermost part of our planet’s atmosphere extends well beyond the lunar orbit – almost twice the distance to the Moon.
In this video HESS Telescopes, the enormous swiveling eyes that explore the high-energy sky.
NASA has taken the closest image ever of the Sun’ atmosphere.
On the cusp of our atmosphere live a thin group of seasonal beautiful electric blue clouds.
Astronomers discovered the hottest gas giant exoplanet ever, with atmosphere of vaporized titanium.
A student satellite solved a 60-year-old major space mystery, regarding the source of some energetic and potentially damaging particles in Earth’s radiation belts.
This visualization uses data from NASA satellites, combined with mathematical models in a computer simulation, to study the physical processes in our atmosphere.
What has NASA’s Cassini seen during its Grand Finale?
Cassini today will reach the last stage of its Grand Finale when it enters Saturn’s atmosphere.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.751242
Retrieved Text: Atmosphere doesn't need the tested application code. Just get the installation file.
Simulate all gestures you can imagine. Up to sixteen(yes, 16) fingers available.
What happens when the battery dies or the connection is bad?
Your app counts on the sensors? Test when their readings are bad.
Go to Antarctica in just few lines of code!
Familiar with TestNG or Selenium? Atmosphere is easy to integrate with them.
Atmosphere is simply a black-box testing framework for native android applications.
Not sure what black box is? It means you do not need the code of the application being tested, only the installation file coming from the market.
You can configure which tests are going to be executed on which device. You can even specify tests to be run on multiple different, in parameters devices, simultaneously.
We expect Batman to contact us for automating his light signal so we prepared a little demo for him. Everything you see is done with code using two touch points(fingers). You can do gestures with up to sixteen(Yes - 16) fingers.
The atmosphere team is hugely productive, but we need as much help as possible in order to support the widest range of devices. If you feel you can showcase your skills and help the Framework grow beyond please check out our backlog and/or create your own issues.
Do you crave news and tricks about testing? Do you want to know the latest updates of Atmosphere. Put your email and name in the box below and get them for FREE.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.653212
Retrieved Text: Calculus-- What is your favorite class?
'unscrewing, scrutinizing and screwing' - [Yale] Why engineering?
'leadership, dedication, optimism, and curiosity' - Why Stony Brook?
'The quality and atmosphere' - ESSAY FOR RICE. What motivated you.
'basketball enthusiast' - Yale -something that you would like us to know.
(small class size+location+student to teacher ratio)What motivated to choose rice?
'My love for psychology' - Johns Hopkins--tell us about yourself!
'beyond the realm of traditional engineering' - why Northwestern/engineering?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.624076
Retrieved Text: ​​What is the origin of the universe? What lies beyond the Earth’s atmosphere? Explore the science of space with this introduction to modern astronomy. The courses offered span the fields of astronomy, physics and astrophysics. As an astronomy minor, you'll learn to think critically in order to evaluate and solve problems related to astronomical and other scientific topics. This program is excellent preparation for STEM graduate programs and careers.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.297985
Retrieved Text: Metaglossary.com - Definitions for "astronomy"
The science which treats of the celestial bodies, of their magnitudes, motions, distances, periods of revolution, eclipses, constitution, physical condition, and of the causes of their various phenomena.
A treatise on, or text-book of, the science.
The branch of science that studies the position and movement of all objects and energy in the universe.
The scientific study of the universe around us, everything outside of the Earth's atmosphere.
study of celestial bodies, what they are made of and their magnitudes and motions.
The legitimate science of studying the heavenly bodies.
Science that deals with the Universe, its radiation and their descriptions, radiations, movements, structures, physical and chemical characteristics, origin, evolution, and arrangement.
The study of the Universe, and its contents.
The science that studies the natural world beyond the Solar System.
The study of everything that is not on or of the earth. (Could include bits of rock that fall from the sky.) A very hopeful pseudo-science since the vast majority of the subject matter is so far away that no one now living will probably ever directly see it. These people make assumptions about stuff far away based on observations made in our close astronomical neighborhood. The nearest celestial body outside our local solar system sent it's LIGHT our way four years ago. Therefore ALL astronomical observations are historical in nature.
The scientific study of the universe and the things in it.
the science that studies stars, planets, and the rest of the universe.
http://www.twostar.com/oracle/library/astrology/history3.html Short discussion of Zoroastrian astrology within larger discussion.
The scientific study of the universe, including the solar sytem, stars

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.267141
Retrieved Text: It’s tea time in Milan!
That's it. We have unwrapped all gifts, made our tastebuds happy, finished the champagne so what now?
Sicilian-inspired cuisine creates an atmosphere of the Italian tradition of family combined with upscale fine-dining.
The fashionable city’s restaurant scene is studded with Michelin stars.
As an internationally recognised sartorial capital, Milan’s shopping experience plays with all the senses and beyond.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.233629
Retrieved Text: At New Chapter Primary School, we aim to enhance and enrich the lives of our children by enabling them to make the most of outstanding learning opportunities within and beyond the curriculum. We instil an appreciation that there are no limits to what they can achieve and develop the attributes needed to successfully shape and respond to the future.
We pride ourselves in providing a caring and happy atmosphere where each child feels valued. We aim to provide not only the right academic atmosphere, but also an education that fosters the intellectual, social, physical and emotional development of each child, which equips them with the skills for lifelong learning and personal growth.
We achieve this by involving pupils in purposeful, relevant and challenging activities and providing them with a wide range of balanced learning experiences and opportunities. In this way we feel our children can learn to make choices, solve problems and become independent learners and responsible people.
We also encourage and foster tolerance and consideration for others by promoting a clear secular moral framework, which promotes honesty, integrity, tolerance and respect, as well as an appreciation of individual and collective responsibility.
The Trust’s Mission Statement is Enabling Enhancing Enriching. This sets out its aims to enhance and enrich the lives of children and young people by enabling them to make the most of outstanding learning opportunities within and beyond the curriculum; instilling an appreciation that there are no limits to what they can achieve and developing the attributes needed to successfully shape and respond to the future.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.201577
Retrieved Text: Even in small size on my screen, this emanates waves of energy, of the beautiful energy of the place, like the fragrance of it, all the senses, and I notice this soft but powerful feeling of atmosphere must be helped a lot by the unusual color of the sky, which is so ‘right’. It communicates what it is like to be there right now, and it’s a great feeling.
Conveys a softly intense atmosphere. When I breathe in, looking at it even on my screen, I can smell the air. The unusual sky color does not stand out; instead it harmoniously contributes (along with other factors) to the emotional statement. There is a natural ease about it. It touches me in a place that is beyond words, so it is unsatisfying to try to convey the nature of its power in writing, but I think it’s a magnificent piece.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.171435
Retrieved Text: In the search for life elsewhere in the universe, Mars has always represented an important target for exploration. What can this planet’s evolution — from a potentially habitable world to its current inhospitable state — tell us about the possibility of life on habitable exoplanets beyond our solar system?
Life on Mars has been a topic of speculation for well over a century. Today, scientists no longer consider it very likely that inhospitable Mars is inhabited by alien life — but the red planet wasn’t always so unwelcoming.
While today’s Mars is an arid desert, mounting evidence suggests that ancient Mars — the Mars of 4 billion years ago — not only had aqueous environments, but possibly even global oceans. Evidence for minerals, biogenic elements, and suitable energy sources for prebiotic chemistry increase the prospects for ancient Mars’s habitability.
So what caused the difference between this welcoming ancient Mars and the inhospitable Mars of the current epoch? Ancient Mars had one more thing: a thick protective atmosphere. Today’s Mars has only a thin, tenuous atmosphere remaining between its surface and the hostile conditions of space.
In a new theoretical study led by Chuanfei Dong (Princeton University), a team of scientists explore how Mars may have lost its atmosphere, causing the planet’s transformation to its current state.
Dong and collaborators use sophisticated global 3D simulations of a Mars-like body to explore different types of atmospheric loss over time. By including the evolution of the ultraviolet radiation levels and solar wind strength, the authors can explore how atmospheric escape rates for ions and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.136213
Retrieved Text: Top 10 evidence and clues proving that extra terrestrial life may actually exist.
Since the beginnings of recorded history we as humans have been obsessed with the idea of what is waiting for us beyond the stars and eagerly grasping after any signs of life beyond our narrow view. Beyond the intrigue of what might be waiting for us outside of our atmosphere comes the terror of what may already have been here. Cave drawings in Eurasia dating back 10,000 years accurately describe the “the Greys” of modern day alien abductions, earlier this year a bizarre fireball illuminated the skies of southern California and every year hundreds of people world wide claim to have been abducted by extraterrestrial beings. While many of these claims are dismissed each year as simply being the rantings of the mentally ill, what if even one of them is telling the truth? What if a dozen are? What if beings from beyond the stars really are coming to Earth and testing humanity, probing our progress and seeing what we are capable of? Could this be scouts preparing a species for war or simply scientific curiosity? Just what is it about our hypothetical extermination that gets our interests peaked and our blood pumping? What deep seeded fears nestled deeply within our lizard brain have us eager to fabricate conspiracies of total annihilation? With this video we at TheRichest are teaming up with Rob Dyke to bring you some truly bizarre cases of alien interactions from within our atmosphere.
Russia in Cahoots with Extraterrestrials?
TheRichest is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.1164255
Retrieved Text: C-12 is used to the exchange; the radioactive decay-based method for click here exchange; the plants ingest the earth using carbon-14 ages of carbon-14 respectively. Samples whose age of carbon that lived within the upper atmosphere by cross-referencing 14c. There is called carbon-14 dating is a. Some of the. Organic by human race. Some interesting and the amount of estimating the old. Perhaps the plants ingest the radiocarbon dating, rb-sr, also known age estimates are there is using carbon-14 dating, 1990 - we discover. Beyond which we. It is applicable only to determine the investigator establishes the age. D. We measured a. Beyond which is called radiocarbon dating to determine the most important tool for potentially dating, while only to determine fossil record generally assumed to the. What are the carbon is. Just this paper will explain how the present. We. Just this is a steady rate of radiocarbon dating, how the age of ancient sediment and single damer bergen People wonder how carbon c14, carbon dating techniques currently in effect of the atmosphere by archaeologists use carbon-based materials. Counting carbon dating. New carbon-14 decays to determine the age determinations to date is used by the age of radioactive carbon-14 present rate of the basic answer! Most widely used reference standard. We measured using the age of living. If this radioactive carbon dating to carbon-12 and because it comes to determine the ground. In the radiocarbon http://www.bigcityvegan.com/blog/chomee-and-arthur-dating/ to determine the equation.
D. Perhaps the order of 103, wood. Radiocarbon dating. Most 14c dating also known as radiocarbon.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.108181
Retrieved Text: Comprehensive OB-GYN of the Palm Beaches always appreciates feedback from our valued patients. To date, we’re thrilled to have collected 29 reviews with an average rating of 4.93 out of 5 stars. Please read what others are saying about Comprehensive OB-GYN of the Palm Beaches below, and as always, we would love to collect your feedback.
Dr. Adler and staff are beyond AMAZING!
The staff is informative and helpful, I have had a great experience so far.
Procedure worked wonders. Great people. Great Office.
Every one there is exceptional very sweet.
Very warm and inviting atmosphere. Staff is friendly and respectful.
I have been a patient of Dr. Adler for over 10 years.He is simply the BEST! Great office atmosphere, kind and caring staff and I recommend them to any friend looking for an Obgyn!!!
Dr. Heather Ahrens is very knowledgeable and helped me with all the questions I had. Also she is very friendly and has a great attitude and calming voice.
Great atmosphere, caring doctor and nurses.
Please call us today to speak with our billing coordinator, Marissa Lachowicz about any questions regarding your payment options. Or send us a message via the Contact Us form.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.076752
Retrieved Text: Get ready to discover how engaging, enriching and rewarding senior living can be with The Cottages of New Lenox. Live the life you want, doing what you want, all while receiving the services you need. And for residents living with Alzheimer’s disease, dementia or other memory-related illnesses, our “Personal Touch” Memory Care provides compassionate caregivers, comfortable surroundings and exceptional programming in a secure, homelike atmosphere.
At The Cottages of New Lenox, it’s our goal to go above and beyond to enrich the lives of our Assisted Living and Memory Care residents. We offer exceptional care, wellness programs and social activities in a caring atmosphere. You’ll be proud to call us home … and we’ll be honored to call you family.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.9314375
Retrieved Text: I got my hair cut this morning and i can honestly say I love it! The girls are all so friendly and sweet. Great advice! Will be going here from now on.
The sweetest hometown gals and some of the most creative hair stylist around! Great atmosphere and always go above and beyond to make sure you are looking your best when you leave!
These girls are aboslutely amazing. I love the atmosphere of the salon. Never a dull moment. Lots of laughs and their hairdressing skills are beyond amazing. These lovely ladies are the best.
These girls are the best! They are not only wonderful stylist, they are amazing people who go above and beyond!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.923438
Retrieved Text: With their mysterious instruments, COPPELIUS expands the meaning of rock excess. They show that there is much more to an upright bass, cello, two clarinets and drums than chamber music - they go beyond what is known! An excessive pleasure to play and their appearance are only possible with the service of their butler.
These courteous gentlemen create an atmosphere known only in Berlin in the early 1920ies. Normally the romantic look of top hats and frock coats would be for suicides, but: COPPELIUS helps!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.913674
Retrieved Text: Gather up to 140 of your closest friends and family and make North Italia Austin yours for a day. Host an event or party with us and we’ll go above and beyond to create a warm atmosphere that invites you and your guests to savor every bite, sip, and moment. To us, nothing is quite as satisfying as sharing a dish of handmade pasta and indulging in not just what we taste but what we feel. We’re devoted to perfecting our menu of handmade pizza and fresh pasta dishes so you can share the same handcrafted experience with your friends and family.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.912275
Retrieved Text: "It (could be) life Jim, but (perhaps) not as we know it." This is not just a sci-fi catchphrase, but also something some planetary scientists have uttered in response to the discovery of methane in Mars' atmosphere. That's right – scientists believe that some kind of past or present microbial lifeform on Mars could have produced the methane. While it is far from the only possible explanation, it is actually so plausible that a special mission is being sent there to find out.
The first part of what could be a series of missions – the European Space Agency's ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter – launched on March 14 from Baikonur in Kazakhstan and I watched nervously after having spent 13 years working on one of its instruments. Needless to say, it was one of the most exciting and nerve-wracking days of my life.
The mission is an orbiter that will map trace gases in the atmosphere of Mars, over an entire martian year (two Earth years). Of course the methane in the atmosphere doesn't have to be from microbial life, it could also be caused by cosmic dust or geological processes. ExoMars will test for current geological processes that might be releasing the methane. If all goes well this mission will be followed by a more ambitious ExoMars Rover, designed to test for traces of ancient life, that will launch after 2018.
According to our current understanding of atmospheric chemistry, methane on Mars should be destroyed relatively rapidly (on the order of a few hundred years). That means it

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.911815
Retrieved Text: it’s time for tanka tuesday, our own choice of words, for today i’ve chosen heart and despair.
i took this photo last week, the sky was so blue, no clouds around. i was waiting outdoors for my son to give me a ride and i was wondering what is beyond all this blue. not about the universe, planets, atmosphere and stuff, but about the mystery, the magic, what is there that we can’t see?
i wasn’t sure if it is appropriate to make a haiga using a tanka, instead a haiku, but i had more words and it wouldn’t fit as haiku, they needed to be written.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.875796
Retrieved Text: If we detect oxygen in the atmosphere of an alien world, does that mean life is present? Not necessarily: Scientists say the chemical signature of biological activity is likely to be more subtle, involving a mix of gases that might seem out of whack.
In a paper published today in Science Advances, researchers say future observatories such as NASA’s James Webb Space Telescope should look for the signature of atmospheric gases that would be in disequilibrium if it weren’t for biological processes.
The study’s lead author, Joshua Krissansen-Totton of the University of Washington, says looking for oxygen alone shouldn’t be the sole strategy in the search for life on extrasolar planets.
He and his colleagues propose an alternative chemical formula to look for: methane plus carbon dioxide, minus carbon monoxide.
The formula was derived by looking at what scientists believe is the early history of Earth’s atmosphere, before oxygen came to dominate. It aims to rule out non-biological methods of producing methane. In addition, the researchers assume that carbon monoxide wouldn’t build up in the atmosphere of a planet with life.
It’s not too early to figure out the formula to use when looking for life: The James Webb Space Telescope is scheduled for launch in 2019, and other future telescopes are also likely to be capable of analyzing the atmospheres of planets far beyond our solar system.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.816448
Retrieved Text: What is another word for ether?
An extremely fine fluid, supposed to fill all space beyond the limits of our atmosphere; a very light volatile and inflammable liquid, obtained from alcohol and an acid by distillation.
After that, an even measured voice - a voice of authority, whose words no doubt made sense, only Rose was too tired to think what the sense was: She's out of the ether now, practically.
In this mood Adelaide answered you about three seconds later than you expected, and though she answered you accurately, it was as if she had forced her mind back from a more congenial ether.
editor, eider, eater, etruria, eutheria.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.811778
Retrieved Text: Skyline Trisource Exhibits is always looking for hard-working, dedicated individuals who take pride in what they do and where they work. We go above and beyond to make sure our clients are happy. We also take that same approach with our employees. Check out our available openings below!
Skyline Trisource Exhibits is seeking a consultative sales professional to join our team.
The position revolves around uncovering the exhibit needs of our clients/prospects and providing suitable solutions. Our sales team flourishes in a creative, fun, hard-working, lucrative atmosphere.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.783284
Retrieved Text: From Traditional to trendy, we provide a fun and engaging atmosphere that is important for any event's success!
Planning parties all throughout Manchester, NH and the New England area.
Welcome to Pink Tie Productions, we are an event design and event planning company based out of Manchester, New Hampshire servicing all local and national locations. We produce high-end black-tie events with flair. From traditional to trendy, we provide a fun and engaging atmosphere that is important for any events success. We strive not just to meet your expectations, but to exceed them. We will always bring creative solutions and fresh ideas to your events and parties. We work with budgets of all sizes and time contrasts. Ask us and we will make it happen! Turn to an experienced party planner from Pink Tie Productions.
Whether you want to plan a corporate mixer or your dream wedding, you can trust our team to make it a reality.
CALL OR TEXT 603-689-9500 NOW TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF OUR EVENT PRODUCTION SERVICES. WE SERVE ALL OF NEW ENGLAND AND BEYOND.
ALL OF OUR PHOTOS ARE ON INSTAGRAM, PLEASE FOLLOW US TO SEE ALL OF OUR DESIGN WORK.
Contact Pink Tie Productions now to learn more about our event production services. A reputable party planner will be happy to answer your questions.
Why choose Pink Tie Productions?
Call 603-689-9500 today to find out what Pink Tie Productions can do for you. Schedule a consultation with an experienced party planner at your convenience.
Servicing All of New England and Beyond!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.74593
Retrieved Text: Join the PTC community and network with industry leaders across the pacific region and far beyond.
PTC ’19: Under the motto “From pipes to platforms” the annual conference is the Pacific Rim’s premier telecommunications event and the strategic springboard for the global communications industry, providing all attendees with a three-day platform to focus on planning, networking, and discovering what the new year will bring.
NET NEUTRALITY: REGULATION FOR PIPES OR PLATFORMS?
Take advantage of the excellent networking atmosphere and discuss your individual requirements with our experts on site.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.726403
Retrieved Text: Understanding the Earth system, its weather, climate, atmosphere, and natural/human-induced hazards is crucial to protecting the global environment, reducing disaster losses, and achieving sustainable development. Observations of the Earth system and its atmosphere from ground and space constitute the most critical input for advancing this understanding. The ground-sector lidar developments foreseen in BEYOND enforced ground-based monitoring activities in the Mediterranean, a geographical area of great importance in terms of aerosol and cloud properties.
The scientific results foreseen are expected to fill observational gaps and add on validation efforts of atmospheric satellite products. Atmospheric models that integrated on BEYOND provide forecasting services related to natural environmental disasters such as smoke dispersion associated with forest fires, volcanic ash advection and desert dust outbreaks.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.688543
Retrieved Text: I am far beyond glad to find Sarah’s guesthouse in Airbnb! It’s situated in Waingapu city yet the surrounding atmosphere is peaceful and calm, but not boring. There are ‘ikat’ textile weavers within the compound and a horse race arena nearby. The bamboo hut is simple and charming, without compromising the comfort of a proper guesthouse (shower, fridge, reading lamp, water kettle available). The beaches are reachable by motorbike. But what makes this house really special is Sarah herself, her love and knowledge of Sumba and her lovely family. I’ll definitely stay here in my next trip!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.685174
Retrieved Text: As the events of recent weeks demonstrate beyond doubt, political correctness is very real, deeply authoritarian, and wedded at the hip to progressive government. PC is not about respect or inclusivity, but rather a naked attempt to consciously manipulate language in service of progressive ends. Worst of all, PC creates an atmosphere in which we mostly censor ourselves. When libertarians like Daniel McAdams and Scott Horton find themselves de-platformed by twitter, it's time to see the "state-linguistic complex" for what it really is. Jeff Deist addresses the Federalist Society of Montgomery, Alabama, to make sense of it all.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.652078
Retrieved Text: Today’s consumer is more demanding than ever especially when it comes to the quality of the product they receive. In fact, customers who purchase any type of product on store shelves expect to find something that is going to achieve their goals in terms of freshness and fullness of the package. They simply do not settle for anything less than ideal. For this reason, many companies are making changes and upgrades to new packaging solutions to ensure there is a better end result. Modified atmosphere packaging is one of the solutions that can help you to do just that.
What Can This Type of Upgrade Do for Your Business?
Take into consideration the range of products on the market today. You have plenty of ways to ensure your product is manufactured and produced in the safest manner possible. Preserving quality matters, of course. But, adding modified atmosphere packaging can improve and maintain that quality long-term – until your customer opens up the package is completely satisfied by what is inside of it. This type of solution can help perishable foods to stay fresh as long as possible.
Of course, this type of upgrade offers a number of benefits to businesses. It helps you to deliver a better quality of product to your end consumer. It also works to help you to reduce costs – you do not need to over produce to ensure that quality is always available. And, it reduces waste which of course improves your business’s overall financial integrity.
Now is the time to take a closer look

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.647841
Retrieved Text: This is what generates brand loyalty, leading consumers to choose one brand over another with little regard for cost, but rather focusing on the experience that the brand has to offer.
While traditional marketing focuses on capturing consumers’ attention with images and audio, experiential marketing gives brands enormous opportunity to engage with consumers at a level that goes beyond sight and sound (as is the case in traditional marketing) and encompasses touch, taste, and smell in addition to the other two senses. Brand activations that engage with these senses are more likely to trigger memories of positive experiences and help to create new positive memories linked to the brand, than in the instance of simply bombarding a consumer with images alone.
A real-world example of this is Stella Artois, a Belgian beer, who has partnered with hip-hop band The Roots to create what they call a “multi-sensorial song”. While any claim that music can literally make something taste different would be questionable science, it is true that music creates an atmosphere, and an atmosphere can alter the overall experience of a taste rather than the taste itself.
On the subject of alcohol, consider a glass of fine red wine. Imagine sipping on that glass of wine over a romantic dinner in an upscale restaurant. Now picture yourself drinking the same wine in a noisy grunge rock club. Which offers the better taste experience? The restaurant for sure. While it is impossible for the actual flavor of the wine to change, the right atmosphere, that induces nostalgia to create positive

================



======= Instance Index 2686 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

The Hubble space telescope shows that technology and science are closely related. Technology uses science to solve problems, and science uses technology to make new discoveries. However, technology and science have different goals. The goal of science is to answer questions and increase knowledge. The goal of technology is to find solutions to practical problems. Although they have different goals, science and technology work hand in hand, and each helps the other advance. Scientific knowledge is used to create new technologies such as the space telescope. New technologies often allow scientists to explore nature in new ways.


Q: What is the goal of science?

 Choices:

- improve knowledge

- gain scholarships

- improve life expectancy

- increase knowledge

A:

Target Text: increase knowledge

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.09605
Retrieved Text: Social media is a growing venue for science communication - and for good reason. The Internet has become a leading source of science information for the American public, with 60% of Americans indicating it as their top source of information about scientific issues (Science and Engineering Indicators, 2012). Social media have become an increasingly important component of that Internet-sourced science information. A majority of U.S. adults (over 60%) get news on social media.
But many science organizations as well as individual science communicators use social media haphazardly, when time permits, by trial and error. Using social media to communicate science can seem like a burden with nebulous benefits when you don't have a plan for your content on a day-to-day basis. At the very least, you should have a set of broad objectives that guide your content creation.
I've been thinking about this a lot lately, because I've been hired and contracted to develop social media plans for various science communication projects. So if you want to create a science social media plan, how can you get started?
1. Review your current social media strategies.
Take a good look at how you are currently communicating science via your social media channels, either as an organization or an individual. What channels (social media sites) are you using? Look through your recent tweets, Instagram and Facebook posts. What messages are you communicating? What hashtags are you using (and how are others using them?) Are there any unifying themes to the content you are currently posting?
Who is interacting with your content? Are you

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.664518
Retrieved Text: Describe a goal you want to achieve in the future. You should say: what the goal is what would you do to achieve it when will you achieve and explain why you want to achieve it.
1. Do you like science? 2. Are you very interested in science? 3. What science have you studied (or learned)? 4. Is your work related to science? 5. What science subject do you like the most? (Why?) 6. What’s the most interesting (part of) science to you?
1. Do you often sing? 2. When do you like to sing? 3. How much time do you spend in singing every day? 4. What kinds of music do you like to sing? 5. Is it difficult to sing well? 6. Do you want to be a singer?
Describe a person who once moved to live with you. You should say: when and where this person moved in how you know this person how you got along with this person and how you feel about living with this person.
Describe a situation that you got a little angry. You should say: where it happened when it happened who you were with and why you felt angry?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.417915
Retrieved Text: Just What Exactly is a Guild Anyways?
A guild is an association of people for mutual aid and the pursuit of a common goal. The mission of the Guild of Natural Science Illustrators is to bring together artistic individuals who share a common love of science and use their artistic talent to educate others about science.
The Guild of Natural Science Illustrators New England Chapter was established to encourage and support natural science illustrators through networking, technique workshops, exhibits and sharing of our collective knowledge with each other. Our common goal is science education through our art.
Our members are as diverse as our subject matter. We come from a wide range of illustration fields from natural science illustration, scientific illustration, botanical illustration and even medical illustration and veterinary illustration. No matter what field we specialize in, we each have unique skills and talents to share with each other.
Our members are art educators, freelance illustrators, staff illustrators, backyard scientists and students. Some of our members paint, others sketch, some sculpt and some work digitally. We all have one thing in common – an uncompromising appreciation for the role of art and science in the world we live in and a desire to communicate it with others.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.098954
Retrieved Text: This is a 30 question multiple choice test over chapter 3. Chapter 3: The Biosphere - Biology. 48 Terms. Chapter 3 Bio. 33 Terms. Biology Chapter 3 - 1,2,3,4. OTHER SETS BY. THIS CREATOR. Biology Chapter 3 Test - Maximum Achievement Program. Figure Of The Organisms Represented In Figure , The Organisms In The Oceans With The Answers PDF Or Chapter 3 Assessment The Biosphere Answers PDF Data That Are Online. Chapter 3 Quiz The Bioshere - ProProfs Quiz.
READ Biology Section 3 Cycling Of Matter Answers Draxit pdf. Download quiz cycling of matter choose the letter of the best answer. _____ 1. is the goal of science? what science is and is not (page 3) 1. what is the goal of science?. section review 1. a 2. e 3. c 4. d 5. b 6. observation is important because it is Chapter 3 The Biosphere Answers Pdf - hola-troncones.com . Quia chapter 3 the biosphere section 3т€“1 what is ecology? (pages. READ Biology Section 3 Cycling Of Matter Answers Draxit pdf. Download Chapter 1 The Science Of Biology Summary - Quia chapter 1 the section review 1. a 2. e 3. c 4. d 5. b 6. observation is important because it is often the first step. November 17th, - Chapter 3 Quiz The Bioshere species biome biosphere February 8th, - The Biosphere Chapter 3 3 1 What is Ecology Chapter 3 The Biosphere Answers PDF fratsenzondergrenzen nl.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.98971
Retrieved Text: This work will draw upon the expertise of the editors as authors and various contributors in order to present several different perspectives with the goal of approaching and understanding when ethical lines are crossed. In order to achieve this goal, comparisons of various canons of ethics from related fields such as medicine, law, the military, science and politics will be examined and applied. Case studies will be presented throughout to illustrate ethical dilemmas and challenge the reader with the goal of greater understanding.
1 Meta-Ethics: What does “Right” mean?
2 Normative Ethics: How Ought People to Act?
3 Applied Ethics: How do People Implement Moral Knowledge?
4 Moral Psychology: What do People Think about what is Right?
5 Descriptive Ethics: What do People Profess is Right?
5 Can Ethics be Taught?
"Downs, a medical examiner and consultant, and Swienton, a forensic attorney and consultant, provide forensic and criminal justice practitioners, crime scene investigators and photographers, law enforcement training centers, police academies and local agencies, and forensic consultants and scientists with a guide to ethics in forensic science. It contains 17 chapters by forensic science, law, and other specialists from the US who discuss the history of ethics, provide brief synopses of major theorists, and address topics like the religious perspective of applied ethics in forensics; general ethical dilemmas; codes of ethics in forensic science societies and other organizations (education, business, religion, medicine, etc.); the Sexual Assault Nurse Examiner model; teaching ethics; criminal investigation, crime lab and crime scene, and judicial ethics; the post-conviction process; whistleblowers; and ethics in law enforcement, for child abuse

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.922409
Retrieved Text: Starting from historical, philosophical, and social science perspectives on science and technology, this group examines science and technology as they function within society. Courses taught address such topics as what constitutes responsible innovation, the historical development of science and technology, the rhetoric of science, and the relationship between experts and the public.
The goal of the group is to foster cross-disciplinary teaching in this area, focused at the undergraduate level.
See the Science and Technology in Society website for more details.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.878334
Retrieved Text: How do I see what the expected calibration overheads are for my proposal?
You can see how much time is assumed for calibration by using the "Time Estimate" function on the "Control and Performance" page of the Science Goal. After you set up your science goal sensitivity requirements, simply click on the "Time Estimate" button, and it will display the time on the science target as well as each of the relevant calibration sources for the most extended configuration required (12- or 7-m array). If additional more compact arrays are also required, a detailed breakdown of the calibration and overheads is not given.
To see the total estimated time for the proposal, including all science goals and calibration overheads, use the Project Time Summary tool in the OT. This is most conveniently accessed from the OT's toolbar (clock icon) but is also available from the Tool menu and by right-clicking in the Project Tree.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.821524
Retrieved Text: The Bush-Obama years saw unprecedented investments in education research, mostly focused on solutions—generating and evaluating interventions that improve student performance. In fact, the structure through which the Institute of Education Sciences (IES) allocates resources to research is designed primarily to produce tools, practices, and policies that increase student performance on state assessments of academic achievement.
Funds are distributed to: scour databases to identify promising levers for improvement (Goal 1); develop and pilot methods and tools to increase that leverage (Goal 2); refine and test the impact of those tools (Goal 3); and implement and evaluate the proven-effective tools at scale (Goal 4). Side investments are made in building better measures (Goal 5).
This structure greatly enhanced the amount and scientific rigor of education research, a notable and positive accomplishment, even if it yielded mixed results in terms of impact on students or educators. The field now has available new curricula and professional development for teachers that have gone through reasonably rigorous vetting. And although the utility of research and research-supported tools and products will be improved by greater engagement between researchers and educators (see our forthcoming blogs later this week), we also believe it is a problem that the education research infrastructure, by design, is failing to advance the understanding of education itself; applications are limited by available knowledge.
In other fields the category of "basic science" refers to research into fundamental problems and processes that are the province of that field. In cardiology, basic science might focus on the cellular structure and properties of the veins and arteries

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.781284
Retrieved Text: The future of our economy and our students’ careers is dependent on improving our students’ science education. The decades of ongoing weakness can be traced to a constant problem: the schools fail to deliver a strong science foundation in the earliest grades. This creates an educational deficit which requires remediation later on and perhaps more significantly, it fails to captivate students’ interest in the formative stage when many will decide what careers they will pursue. Science4Us, a K-2nd core science curriculum, was developed to address this weakness including the issues associated with empowering early elementary teachers to deliver exemplary science education despite them being generalists with limited comfort with teaching science.
The development goal of Science4Us is to address an additional challenge, an effective science education can only be delivered if the schools and teachers commit time to it. Today, and for the foreseable future (next half decade), the focus of elementary schools is on the highly challenging and highly measured implementation of the Common Core. However, since cross cutting curriculum is a best practice as defined both by CCSS & NGSS, this is an opportuntiy. The development goal is to research and integrate the elements for a CCSS-aligned literacy supplement into S4U so that time will be won for science education since S4U will be an effective literacy supplement.
It seems that the emphasis on building core skills in US public schools has a cost. Schools have committed themselves hard to making reading and basic math an area of competency which means they have doubled up on

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.712295
Retrieved Text: Welcome to science at Los Coches Creek Middle School. My goal is to have your child continue to develop a basic foundation of the sciences to help them understand what is going on around them in the universe.
I want them to understand that what they do in life does have a global impact on our planet. Science-and therefore science education-is central to the lives of all citizens of our planet. A high-quality science education means that students will develop an in-depth understanding of content and develop key skills-communication, collaboration, inquiry, problem solving, and flexibility- that will serve them throughout their educational and professional lives.
They need to understand that our society and our planet are constantly evolving and that science and engineering have a great impact on their regular daily living. By having this basic understanding, my students can make better choices for themselves and our planet. For some of my students, I hope this class will inspire them to pursue a career in the field of science.
California is in the middle of a 3 to 4 year implementation of the "Next Generation Science Standards" that sets forth what students should know and be able to do at each grade level. The goal for developing the NGSS was to create a set of research-based, up to date K-12 science standards with three dimensions-crosscutting concepts, science and engineering practices, and disciplinary core ideas- that form each standard or performance expectation. Each dimension works with the other two to help students build a cohesive understanding of science over time.
1.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.650348
Retrieved Text: Due to the large list of Colleges with Data Science Degrees, I receive a number of email inquires with questions about choosing a program. I have not attended any of the programs, and I am not sure how qualified I am to provide guidance. Anyhow, I will do my best to share what information I do have.
Originally, the list started out with 5 schools. Now the list is well over 100 schools, so I have not been able to keep up with all the intricate details of every program. There are not very many undergraduate options, and the list only contains a few PhD programs, so the information here will be focused on pursuing a masters degree.
What are my current data science skills?
What are my future data science goals?
After seeing the above lists, this is where things get cloudy. Everyone brings a different set of existing skills, and everyone has different future goals. Here are a few scenarios that might clear things up.
The most common approach is to attempt to build knowledge in all 5 topic areas. If this is your goal, find the topic areas where you are weakest and target a graduate program to help you bolster those weak skills. In the end, you will come out with a broad range of very desired skills.
A different approach is to select one topic area and get really, really good. For example, maybe you want to be an expert on machine learning. If that is your goal, then maybe a traditional computer science graduate program is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.604187
Retrieved Text: you will find some questions troughout the essay.Do I have many ESL erros?
What does a goal mean? A goal defines a condition towards which effort is directed. However, it is not clear. Shous Ajam, author of Management- The Life Wizard, describes a goal as a systematic process to think of anything you want and ultimately acquire it. Because of this, I personally believe that a goal is a wish of achieving something. In addition, achieving a goal depends in how much effort and dedication you put from your own into it. Goals can vary so differently, so a good idea is to break them down in three terms of time: long-term goals, intermediate- term goals, and short-term goals[Is it a fragment].
First, long-term goals are those that can be hard to achieve because they tend to require a large amount of time. These goals will not happen quickly, despite how hard you work to accomplish them. Long- term goals are simply a description of what you want for yourself in the future--about three to five years out. As a result, you have to give yourself a reasonable amount of time based in your best effort that it will take to accomplish them. For example, complete a Bachelor Degree in Science. It means that in order to get a Bachelor Degree in Science, you will need to spend many years in an institution of higher education.
Second, intermediate-term goals are those that will not happen quickly, but may not take too many years to accomplish. These goals usually can

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.600642
Retrieved Text: Have you ever participated in data science competition and wondered what does it take to become a master? Have you struggled to improve your model beyond a particular score? Or you wonder what goes in the minds of top data scientist – this workshop is what you are looking for. This is a highly interactive experience with data science masters & top data scientists. The goal of this workshop is to provide a forum for exchanging ideas and new approaches to become masters of data science challenges. Through this workshop, the top data scientists from India will share how they approach data science competitions.
Sudalai Rajkumar (aka SRK) is a Data Scientist at H2O.ai. He takes part in various data science competitions to enhance his knowledge and has won several of them. He is one of the top 30 data scientists in the world in Kaggle. He was ranked #1 on Analytics Vidhya for a long duration and is one of the top solver in CrowdAnalytix platform too. Make sure you don’t miss this advanced workshop on winning data science competitions & hackathons.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.537768
Retrieved Text: The Abraham Kuyper Center is involved in two major research projects. Both projects are funded by the Templeton World Charity Foundation. The projects will be outlined below.
In the past, the bulk of the Center’s research is focused on the Science Beyond Scientism project. Scientism is the claim that the only science can give us genuine knowledge, even where it concerns the big questions of life. The goal of the Science Beyond Scientism project is twofold. On the one hand, we want to give a critical evaluation of scientism. On the other, we want to think about what alternatives to scientism would look like.
So is science indeed our only source of knowledge?
If so, can we have about, for instance, moral matters or knowledge about other normative issues? If not, what other sources of knowledge are there and how do they relate to science as a source of knowledge.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.511193
Retrieved Text: Normally I don’t make a whole post about one article, but this one was just too good to pass up. It was written on the Lifehacker website and it has made the rounds on all the social media networks. It is called 10 Stubborn Exercise Myths That Won’t Die, and it talks about some reasons why society as a whole believes the things that it does.
My goal with this whole Better Health Challenge is to educate you on the current research science and inform you what the best of science has to share with us. Not all science experiments are created equal and a lot of what passes as science is actually pretty wishy-washy. It takes some critical thinking to discern what is good science and what is bad science, and unfortunately a lot of the major news networks pass around a lot of bad science.
These things really get me going, but they are worth talking about. It is hard to believe people still think these things are true, but I hear them all the time. You need to do this, or that, or the other thing. Just try some things out and see what works for you and what doesn’t. Take some time to do some research and bring a critical mind to the subject matter.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.498103
Retrieved Text: In addition, the NSF has the goal of “developing a diverse, internationally competitive, and globally-engaged science and engineering workforce.” Towards this goal, Tetramer is actively training high school students and undergraduates during the summers and through part-time employment using two types of grants.
The Research Assistantship Supplements for High School Students (RA) supports active research participation by high school students in the NSF SBIR/STTR Program.
For three years Tetramer has participated in the RAHSS program. Two high school students each year spend the summer working the Tetramer laboratories. In addition to getting hands on experience in cutting-edge chemistry and materials science, the students have seen first-hand what it takes to run a small business and what entrepreneurship is all about.
To date, four high school girls have gone through the RAHSS program and most of them for two consecutive summers.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.482434
Retrieved Text: 'First in the World by 2000': What Does It Mean?
By the year 2000, U.S. students will be first in the world in science and mathematics achievement.'' This is a national educational goal proposed by President Bush and 50 governors. I hope to give a glimpse of what it means for the reform of science teaching.
What's wrong with science education that needs fixing? Scientists and laymen alike have described precollege science education as a "fraud,'' "obsolete,'' "archaic,'' "outmoded,'' "dead end,'' and "largely irrelevant.'' The present curriculum is perceived as placing students and the nation at risk.
Since 1980, there have been over 350 national reports by panels, commissions, and committees lamenting the condition of education in America and calling for changes. The repeated reference to the year 2000 and the 21st century in these reports suggests that as a nation we are at the end of something in our history and entering a new era. This period is characterized by a globalized economy, a world community, and a shift from an industrial to a knowledge-based society.
The issue is not whether schools are doing well with the programs they have now, but how well are they meeting the demands of social change and life in the future. The call is for a new contract between schooling and society, one that will benefit children living in the next century as well as serve the common good and assure social progress. Schools are in bad shape only when compared with the new perspectives of schooling.
The educational-reform movement has gotten off to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.467637
Retrieved Text: Our approach to elementary years science was to lay a foundation for future science study with hands-on exploration, child-led experimenting, lots of reading, and asking questions. The natural world was our laboratory.
For math we employed regular and steady bite-sized lessons and practice to build basic skills and understanding.
Now with older children, we seek to inspire science and math studies with story, engaging materials, mentors and teachers, and our own enthusiasm for the subjects and their real life applications. Our young adult students are free to decide which upper level math and sciences they will study and to what depth. I.e.: it's not required.
A homeschooling high school math & science story - Can students succeed at high school level science with delayed math education and without elementary and junior high science courses?
Technology is the New Literacy - We don't want to teach our kids to be point and click users, we want to teach them to be think and create users.
The Girl Learns to Program - It's not just the thing we're learning (that skill or those facts); but the how and why and the way we connect while doing it.
Sick Day Science - Biology and chemistry were the subjects of the day.
Easy Science - My goal is to keep their interest and curiosity alive, to encourage natural exploration and their own discoveries.
Homeschool Report Card: Math - The goal at this age is to understand life math and lay a foundation for further learning, not simply progress through a set curriculum.
Rainy Day Science - Also called take

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.463131
Retrieved Text: Let’s take it a step further. Why study biology in public school? Why study science there? Heck, why bother with public school at all? That’s how your question strikes me.
Well it seems I accomplished my goal! In one sense, that’s exactly how I wanted my questions to be received. To put it another way, I want all of you to wrestle with these types of questions. The answers are not obvious.
Contemporary debates about education in the United States occur within a context that we take for granted without much thought, as follows: The government has the right to require the education of all children up through the midteens and to regulate some basic features of their education. Parents bear principal responsibility, but have the right to choose among a wide range of options.
Now people can reasonably disagree on what ‘basic features’ and ‘wide range of options’ means. But that’s exactly my point! People can reasonably disagree. My suggestion that practical knowledge may be a legitimate goal of science education is hardly groundbreaking. Heck, it’s even in the peer-reviewed literature.
Robert (and many others) simply assume science education must be about “understanding”. I’m not sure it should be. Deep understanding could be one goal. But it doesn’t have to be the only one.
Why is it more important to understand how biologists arrive at their conclusions rather than, say, cultivating future bioengineers? Why not have a project based biology curriculum where you explore human anatomy the entire year? Why, as I’ve asked before, do we think a survey course

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.453497
Retrieved Text: In what European science chief Carlos Moedas calls a "life-changing" move, E.U. member states today agreed on an ambitious new open-access (OA) target. All scientific papers should be freely available by 2020, the Competitiveness Council—a gathering of ministers of science, innovation, trade, and industry—concluded after a 2-day meeting in Brussels. But some observers are warning that the goal will be difficult to achieve.
The OA goal is part of a broader set of recommendations in support of open science, a concept that also includes improved storage of and access to research data. The Dutch government, which currently holds the rotating E.U. presidency, had lobbied hard for Europe-wide support for open science, as had Carlos Moedas, the European commissioner for research and innovation.
"We probably don't realize it yet, but what the Dutch presidency has achieved is just unique and huge," Moedas said at a press conference. "The commission is totally committed to help move this forward."
"The time for talking about Open Access is now past. With these agreements, we are going to achieve it in practice," the Dutch state secretary for education, culture, and science, Sander Dekker, added in a statement.
"The means are still somewhat vague but the determination to reach the goal of having all scientific articles freely accessible by 2020 is welcome," says long-time OA advocate Stevan Harnad of the University of Québec in Canada. The decision was also welcomed by the League of European Research Universities (LERU), which called today's conclusions "a major boost for the transition towards an Open Science system."
The council provides few

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.449339
Retrieved Text: Section 10. Science and technology are essential for national development and progress. Science at the Bar is the first book to examine in detail how two powerful American institutions-both seekers after truth-interact with each other. Librarianship Studies & Information Technology Blog makes every effort to ensure, but does not guarantee, the accuracy of the information on its web site. Experiments in science today are in one way or another affecting the for example the experiment on cloning a human being. Munir Ahmad Khan — honored in 2012 for his contribution to science and the nuclear programme of Pakistan.
We cannot avoid these disadvantages that goes along with the advantages of technology. Please note that all new submissions to Measurement Science and Technology require a statement (in under 100 words) detailing the novelty, significance and broader relevance of your work in a measurement context. Science at the Bar: Law, Science, and Technology in America (Twentieth Century Fund Books/Reports/Studies), by Sheila Jasanoff Sheila Jasanoff Daniel J. Kevles Michael Lynch Mobi Online.
However, science translations offer a unique challenge, as there are specific terms, measurements, and formulas that can be difficult to translate to certain languages. Modern technology has changed the way many companies produce their goods and handle their business. As the birds catapult through the air, science is probably the last thing on your mind. What would seem can not remain outside Science is the mechanism of his influence.
But the goal of science is the pursuit of knowledge for its own sake while the goal of technology is to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.435011
Retrieved Text: This paper argues that the dominant form of science education that is common across the world rests on a set of values that have no merit. Moreover, such practice has a negative impact on students’ attitudes to science. It makes the case that the primary goal of any science education should be to develop scientific literacy and explores what that might consist of and why such an education is necessary in contemporary society. It concludes by examining some of the challenges that such a change might require.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.363236
Retrieved Text: Slime Science | Imagine That!
If your children have already made slime before, this is an opportunity to learn more about the science involved in making slime. Not only will they make various recipes of slime, but they will also learn why slime reacts the way it does, how different catalysts affect the outcome and what happens if they switch up the steps. The goal here isn’t simply to make slime but to understand its properties, come up with a hypothesis and theories based on the experimentation. The class, as a whole, will document each step alongside the instructor and actively decide what the next step will be.
Class size is limited to 12 students 3rd grade and up.
01 Slime Science 12.00 USD Learn the science behind slime.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.3019705
Retrieved Text: I started thinking about this topic some years back as I often need to write popular articles that make some of the science that we do more generally accessible. But then a few days ago, an article popped up in The Guardian (see here) by Nick Enfield that made me think again.
“No story telling” is a comment that I sometimes make when reading drafts of manuscripts, chapters, and even when editing for journals. What do I mean by this? Stories are deterministic. That is to say that the story teller has an end in mind when they start telling the story, and the telling is a way to get to their goal. A story that’s ‘pointless’ will frustrate the audience and won’t engender them to listen to that storyteller again. In a good story, reaching that goal will often result in lots of twists and turns with the goal shrouded in mystery until it is revealed. In a teaching story (like a parable), the goal may be overt, such that the audience relates to the narrative and buys in to the same conclusion.
If we did science like we tell stories, we would decide on the way the system works before we studied it, and then design the experiment in order to reach our desired goal. You should have recognised by now that this is not the way we do science. This is clearly an undesirable way to go about doing science because we should never prejudice the result that we’ll get from a study before we

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.28841
Retrieved Text: Collaborative Science is a highly interactive form of science where the public engages with experts to address often locally-relevant scientific questions. Similar to 'co-created' citizen science projects, such collaborations have been shown to positively impact conservation outcomes. In this symposium, we bring together learning scientists, conservation ecologists, and information scientists involved in Collaborative Science projects to discuss cyber-enabled tools designed to engage citizen scientists in conservation, scientific processes, and adaptive resource management. The rationale for creating an online space for collaboration is to give interested participants the tools they need to create and sustain projects that are highly collaborative but require resources and expertise beyond a small spatial scope. In particular we provide an overview of web-based modeling, spatial analysis, and social media tools designed to engage citizen scientists in scientific research related to conservation issues. The goal of this session is to highlight the ways in which natural resource management outcomes can be achieved through participatory modeling and place-based geospatial analysis with citizen scientists with a particular focus on volunteer motivation, retention, and learning. The ultimate goal of this series of talks is to provide a discussion about how citizen science programs can be designed to support conservation goals and what evidence exists to support the notion that volunteers can influence conservation decision-making. The session will close with a panel discussion from the speakers about the challenges and opportunities for future investigation to address potential gaps between volunteer engagement, citizen science programs and conservation outcomes.
Conversations about Conservation: Seeing the impact of participation in citizen science

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.182547
Retrieved Text: Resonance is a annual conference for high school students (age 15+) in the New Haven area who want to learn more about current science topics. It is a day-long conference held on Yale campus. The inaugural event was held in November 2013, and welcomed 50 high school students onto Yale’s campus for talks by Yale professors, classes taught by Yale undergraduates and tours of science facilities.
Not sure Resonance is for you? Are you interested in meeting other students interested in science? Do you wish you knew more about science topics talked about in the news? Interested in what it means to be a science researcher? Then Resonance is for you.
We are the outreach team for Yale Scientific Magazine, the oldest undergraduate science publication in the nation. Our goal is to raise an interest and excitement about science in students of all ages, and to help students prepare to continue to study science after high school. In addition to hosting Resonance, we co-host Science on Saturdays with Pathways to Science six times per year.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.169337
Retrieved Text: Can 'Grace From Outer Space' Kickstart Girls' Love for Science?
Currently, less than a quarter of all jobs in STEM — that is, science, technology, engineering and math — are held by women. It's a gender gap that children's performer Jenna Bryson wants to close with a picture-book series and app called Grace from Outer Space.
The series aims to educate young girls about science and astronomy, with protagonist Grace as their guide and "pro-STEM role model."
"I asked myself how I could make a difference, and I thought about the role models that influenced me as a child. I realized that many of them were fictional characters from stories," Bryson writes on Kickstarter. "Looking around at the characters marketed to little girls today, I can't help but see a giant black hole."
"While there's a plethora of princess, ballerina and fairy stories for girls to choose from, there's not a single female-driven science-based book," she adds.
Bryson later hopes to turn Grace from Outer Space into an interactive ebook app for the iPad.
So far, the project has raised just 10% of its $66,000 goal on Kickstarter, with four days remaining.
What do you think of Grace from Outer Space, and Bryson's goal? Discuss in the comments, below.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.165476
Retrieved Text: The Cary Group > FAQ > How Can Dr. Cary’s Evidence-Based Approach Help You?
FAQ: How Can Dr. Cary’s Evidence-Based Approach Help You?
Through a combination of experience, research and supporting evidence from neuroscience, behavioral science (including psychology and sociology), business and economic science and philosophy, I have many tools and methods we can use, the goal is what works for you, as the client.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.151423
Retrieved Text: The science of long-chain molecules is the focus of the polymer science minor. The goal of the polymer science minor is to produce graduates who have a first-hand knowledge of the relationships between the synthesis, structure, properties and processing of polymer materials. Polymers have certain unique chemical and physical properties, and understanding these properties involves aspects of organic chemistry, physical chemistry, analytical chemistry, contemporary physics (particularly theories of the solid state and solution), chemical engineering, mechanical engineering, and electrical engineering.
There is a growing demand for what can be called engineering technologists, those skilled in the art of designing processes for producing specific products.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.067331
Retrieved Text: Olsztyn Days of Science and Art is a project organized at the University of Warmia and Mazury in Olsztyn each year in September. Olsztyn Days of Science and Art last 3 days, and their goal is to present science in an easy, accessible and enjoyable for everyone way. Shows, experiments, workshops, lectures, theater performances and competitions are held not only on the University's Campus and research centers, but also in hospitals, libraries, Olsztyn Planetarium and museums. The organizers propose to about 300 events. Every year the interest of the residents of our city and region on the Olsztyn Science Festival is increasing significantly.
The European Researchers' Night is a culmination of the Olsztyn Days of Science and Art. This is a event taking place in about 300 cities all over Europe. Researchers' Night in Olsztyn is a family event dedicated to popularize science and learning through fun, which takes place in the University Library and Olsztyn Planetarium and Astronomical Observatory. It is about showing what Researchers do for society in interactive and engaging ways, through experiments, science shows, learning activities for children, etc.

================



======= Instance Index 10154 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

28.7 Patterns of Inheritance There are two aspects to a person’s genetic makeup. Their genotype refers to the genetic makeup of the chromosomes found in all their cells and the alleles that are passed down from their parents. Their phenotype is the expression of that genotype, based on the interaction of the paired alleles, as well as how environmental conditions affect that expression. Working with pea plants, Mendel discovered that the factors that account for different traits in parents are discretely transmitted to offspring in pairs, one from each parent. He articulated the principles of random segregation and independent assortment to account for the inheritance patterns he observed. Mendel’s factors are genes, with differing variants being referred to as alleles and those alleles being dominant or recessive in expression. Each parent passes one allele for every gene on to offspring, and offspring are equally likely to inherit any combination of allele pairs. When Mendel crossed heterozygous individuals, he repeatedly found a 3:1 dominant–recessive ratio. He correctly postulated that the expression of the recessive trait was masked in heterozygotes but would resurface in their offspring in a predictable manner. Human genetics focuses on identifying different alleles and understanding how they express themselves. Medical researchers are especially interested in the identification of inheritance patterns for genetic disorders, which provides the means to estimate the risk that a given couple’s offspring will inherit a genetic disease or disorder. Patterns of inheritance in humans include autosomal dominance and recessiveness, X-linked dominance and recessiveness, incomplete dominance, codominance, and lethality. A change in the nucleotide sequence of DNA, which may or may not manifest in a phenotype, is called a mutation.


Q: What is a mutation?

 Choices:

- change in the rna sequence of dna​

- change in the distinct sequence of dna

- change in the swetha sequence of dna

- change in the nucleotide sequence of dna

A:

Target Text: change in the nucleotide sequence of dna

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.81091
Retrieved Text: The Prothrombin Gene Mutation is a change in the gene that controls a blood clotting protein that circulates in the blood called prothrombin. This particular gene change leads to an increase in the level of this protein in the blood.
How did I get Prothrombin Gene Mutation?
The Prothrombin Gene Mutation is an inherited condition (i.e. from your parents). We inherited one copy of each gene from each of our parents. One (or both) of your parents will have passed the Prothrombin Gene Mutation on to you and you may pass the condition onto your children.
How common is the Prothrombin Gene Mutation?
The Prothrombin Gene Mutation is relatively common – it occurs in about 1 in every 50 people in Australia. This mutation is more common than many other gene changes (mutations). Because the mutation is very common, it has been suggested that there is some “benefit” in having the Prothrombin Gene Mutation.
What are the main problems with having the Prothrombin Gene Mutation?
Am I going to get a blood clot because I have this mutation?
Most people with one copy of the Prothrombin Gene Mutation DO NOT develop blood clots.
Blood clots usually only develop when there are other “risk factors” for blood clots. Blood clots develop when the circulation of the blood flow is reduced (e.g. after long flights, after surgery etc.) or in people with other serious medical conditions such as cancer or heart failure.
What about the use of oral contraceptive pills?
The use of the pill can increase the risk of developing a blood clot. Women on the pill

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.785807
Retrieved Text: --- Deletion & insertion may cause what’s called a FRAMESHIFT mutation, meaning the reading “frame"
frameshift, missense, silent or nonsense (Hint: Deletion & Insertion will always be frameshift).
What will be the amino acid sequence?
1. Which type of mutation is responsible for new variations of a trait?
2. Which type of mutation results in abnormal amino acid sequence?
3. Which type of mutation stops the translation of the mRNA?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.527107
Retrieved Text: Researchers have been struggling for years to find a treatment for patients who have a recurrence of acute myeloid leukaemia (AML), an aggressive blood cancer that is one of the most lethal cancers.
About 19,520 news cases are diagnosed a year, and about 10,670 people a year die from it, according to the American Cancer Society.
Purdue University researchers are developing a series of drug compounds that have shown promise in treating such cases.
About 30 percent of AML patients have a mutation caused by a kinase called FLT3, which makes the leukaemia more aggressive.
Inhibitors of FLT3 have shown good initial response to treating leukaemia.
Researchers on a team led by Herman O. Sintim, the Drug Discovery Professor of Chemistry in Purdue’s Department of Chemistry, say they have developed a series of compounds that work not only on AML with common FLT3 mutation, but also drug-resistant AML harbouring problematic mutations, such as the gatekeeper F691L mutation, which some leukaemia patients who relapse harbour.
AML, which accounts for only about 1 percent of all cancers, occurs when blood cells fail to mature or differentiate and multiply unchecked, causing a lack of adequate oxygen-carrying red blood cells.
AML is uncommon before the age of 45, but it does occur in children.
The five-year survival rate is about 30 percent, and for patients over the age of 65, the five-year survival rate is less than 10 percent.
“In mouse studies, almost no leukaemia burden was visible after compound treatment for only a few weeks. Crucially this new class of FLT3 inhibitor also works against drug-resistant secondary mutations,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.51498
Retrieved Text: Standard code coverage analysis provides insight into execution paths exercised by a testing scheme. Mutation testing takes this notion a step further and offers a deep down investigation (through code modification or removal) of the impact each line of production code makes on the whole test. This approach has been known for over 30 years circling mainly within academic communities and only recently has it been rediscovered and introduced to the benefit of commercial solutions. Mutation testing technique which focuses on partitioning the code on per line basis with regards to influence on the logic put under test provides actual (as opposed to artificial and synthetic) view on tests quality.
- What is mutation testing?
- Why only now does it start to get traction?
- How to prepare your project for mutation testing?
- Is there a case for it in the enterprise?
This presentation is meant for software development-involved individuals who want to learn more about mutation testing, what advantages over traditional coverage scheme it offers and how to apply the idea to their existing codebase. Although not required, some knowledge on test automation and coverage would be beneficial to the attendee.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.47421
Retrieved Text: BUY NOW >> From the 9th of October a DNA test for SLEM in the Border Terrier, with be available from the Animal Health Trust DNA testing service.
Spongiform LeucoEncephaloMyelopathy (SLEM), sometimes referred to as Shaking puppy syndrome, affects the puppies from the time they begin to support weight and attempt to walk.
Border Terriers affected by SLEM show severe tremors predominately in the hind limbs, this creates a side to side shaking.
Postmortem examination of the pups with SLEM show Vacuolation (Spongiform) of the Nerve fibers (Leuko) in the brain (Encephalo) and the spinal cord (Myelopathy).
Collaborating scientists at the University of Missouri, the Animal Health Trust and at Wisdom Health, have identified a mutation responsible for this disease in the Border Terrier.
The SLEM mutation is recessive; this means that a dog must inherit 2 copies of the mutation, one from each parent, to be clinically affected by SLEM.
It is only possible to identify carriers with DNA testing.
Breeders using our DNA test will be sent results identifying their dog as belonging to one of three categories. In all cases the terms ‘normal’ and ‘mutation’ refer to the position in the DNA where this SLEM mutation is located in the Border Terrier; it is not possible to learn anything about any other region of DNA from this test.
What does the DNA test tell me?
The DNA test for SLEM identifies if your dog is clear of the mutation, a carrier of the mutation or is affected by the mutation.
This allows breeders to avoid producing litters affected by this disease by ensuring

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.453516
Retrieved Text: This is a short summary of Sniegowski and Raynes (2013), a review about the evolution of the mutation rate, with an emphasis on the Drift Barrier Hypothesis (DBH). The summary is written in my own words, with a few footnotes and highlighting that express my thoughts.
Then what keeps the mutation rate from dropping to zero?
One force could be adaptive evolution which creates selection for the generation of beneficial mutations 2. This selection, however, is limited (Sniegowski, 2000).
Another force can be the fitness cost of increasing genomic replication fidelity3. This doesn't seem to solve the problem, mainly because although the cost of fidelity in prokaryotes should be higher than in eukaryotes, the genomic mutation rate is lower4.
There is also a physio-chemical constraint on the fidelity of replication and repair mechanisms5. But this constraint should be similar to all species so it cannot explain the diversity.
DBH (Sung et al. 2012): Reduction of the mutation rate has a diminishing effect on fitness6 and therefore at some point selection towards low mutation rates is weaker than drift. This effect is highly dependent on the population size.
"Drake's Rule": genomic mutation rates of DNA microbes7 are very similar (0.003 mutations per genome per generation) - the per base-pair mutation rate decreases with the genome size (Drake, 1991). This suggest a universal selective force which acts to adjust the mutation rate of microbes. This rule was recently tested and confirmed in C. reinhardtii and M. florum (Sung et al. 2012), and it fits with the DBH, as microbes usually have very large populations.
In

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.416412
Retrieved Text: This comes down to a question of where you set the parameters of your AI algorithms. In a neural network, we are constantly asking, what learning rate, how many layers of nodes, what learning algorithm, how many nodes per layer, how do we map inputs to signals and signals to outputs, what ‘momentum’ to set if using gradient-descent-with-momentum (one of the most commonly used, fairly reliable, learning algorithms), etc. We ask ourselves whether and how fast to reduce learning rate, what degree of accuracy is to be accepted as end-of-run, and how to regularize in order to prevent overfitting. We ask ourselves whether to use Radial Bias or Sigmoid networks, and more generally what output functions to use. In Deep Learning systems we are creating deep layers from which various aspects of the output of previous layers can be reconstructed, and again we have choices and choices and choices about exactly how to do it.
There is a similar set of questions facing work with genetic algorithms of all kinds. Is it a classic GA where you’re seeking the best possible individual solver, or is it an EA where solvers work together to produce a best possible solution? Where do you set the mutation rate? How do you encode the genome? What are your recombination operators? What are your mutation operators? If you have multiple different mutation and/or recombination operators, how often does each of them happen? Do you reduce the mutation rate during the run, and if so by what amount and how far? How do

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.413982
Retrieved Text: Cell contents grow and duplicate in which phase of the cell cycle?
What phase of cell division results in separate sister chromatids?
Suppose a person developed a mutation in a somatic cell which diminishes the performance of the body’s natural cell cycle control proteins. This mutation resulted in cancer, but was effectively treated with a cocktail of cancer-fighting techniques. Is it possible for this person’s future children to inherit the cancer causing mutation?
You are looking at a karyotype and see the Philadelphia chromosome. What does this mean?
The sequence of DNA on homologous chromosomes is exactly the same.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.407995
Retrieved Text: It’s necessary for Methylation to occur, which is essential to convert both folate and folic acid into its active, usable form – 5-MTHF.
Without the enzyme activity of MTHFR, methylation of folate and folic acid cannot occur properly.
The MTHFR gene triggers the production of MTHFR enzymes.
Roughly 30-50% of us carry a mutation in the MTHFR gene which can limit production of MTHFR enzymes.
Most people with a mutation remain unaffected and do not experience symptoms. However, for some, enzyme efficiency can drop down to between 30-70% depending on the variant of mutation.
Symptoms of a MTHFR mutation include high homocysteine levels, folate deficiency and miscarriage. The only way to know if you have a mutation for sure is to get a genetic test.
An MTHFR mutation itself is not inherently dangerous, but knowing what the gene is and how it could affect your folate level is seen by many as beneficial.
L-methylfolate, or 5-MTHF, is the biologically active form of folate (vitamin B9).
Biologically active means it is the form the human body can actually use in circulation.
It’s thought those with a “severe” MTHFR mutation may not be able to utilize other forms of folate (namely folic acid), so L-methylfolate becomes important.
This compound occurs naturally in many foods, but is also available in a supplement form.
Folate and folic acid are nutrients required for many critical functions in the body.
Unfortunately, many who have a genetic MTHFR mutation are unable to utilise these nutrients properly.
L-Methylfolate (5-MTHF) has emerged as a popular alternative, and has been used as a complementary medicine in several recent clinical

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.394732
Retrieved Text: 3. Environmental change (or a change in the genetic background) can turn a ‘bad’ mutation good, and a ‘good’ mutation bad. Mutational value is contextual.
Today we call multiple effects of a single gene pleiotropy, and it is very common. If a gene produces multiple effects, and a mutation alters the effect of that gene, we can therefore expect mutations to have multiple effects.
As an example of how this works, think about hormones like adrenaline. Adrenaline affects heart rate, blood vessel constriction, fight-or-flight response, and a host of other things. Any mutation that affects the synthesis, regulation or recognition of adrenaline would then also affect all of those things.
For evolution, pleiotropy can have interesting consequences. Imagine that a mutation produces two effects (A and B), which really correspond to two different phenotypes. Remember that selection does not act on mutations, it acts on phenotypes. Now, if A and B are both positive, selection will favour the mutation; if they are both negative, selection will disfavour them. But what if A is positive and B is negative? This is called antagonistic pleiotropy, and the result is that selection tries to favour A and remove B, when they both have the same source. Depending on the relative magnitude of the good effect to the bad effect, a mutation that produces ‘bad’ effects could spread throughout a population.
Come back tomorrow for the final instalment on Dobzhansky’s view of mutations.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.371426
Retrieved Text: Dr. Jeffrey Swensen is the Associate Director of Molecular Genetics at Caris Life Sciences in Phoenix, Arizona.
Should a man with a BRCA2 inherited mutation be screened earlier for prostate cancer?
cancer is generally recommended; screening for pancreatic cancer is generally not unless there is a family history of that cancer.
Would it make sense to offer prostate cancer screening to male children of a prostate cancer patient earlier?
Dr. Swensen: No. A man with a BRCA2 mutation tends to get prostate cancer at an earlier age than the standard person in the population. But it’s generally not really early onset.
A female with a BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutation is at higher risk for breast and ovarian cancer and the onset can be at a considerably younger age. However, screening is typically not performed on these women until they’re adults.
Male BRCA2 mutation carriers are at increased risk for cancers, but the risk is not the same magnitude as the risk for the women. The lifetime risk has been estimated to be around 20% for prostate cancer in a male BRCA2 mutation carrier; a female carrier of a BRCA2 or BRCA1 mutation has a lifetime risk of breast cancer that may be up to 80%.
A female BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutation carrier will be counseled and followed extensively. After they reach a certain age and have had children, they can have their breasts and ovaries removed to significantly reduce their risk.
That is what Angelina Jolie did.
Are there any other mutations that are significant for prostate cancer?
in another gene that has been shown to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.365835
Retrieved Text: Washington: Turns out, people with the natural gene mutation appear to have an advantage when it comes to diet. Those who eat a high-carbohydrate diet and have this mutation absorb less glucose than those without it.
Researchers have discovered a gene mutation that slows the metabolism of sugar in the gut, giving people who have the mutation a distinct advantage over those who do not. Those with the mutation have a lower risk of diabetes, obesity, heart failure, and even death.
The researchers said that their finding could provide the basis for drug therapies that could mimic the workings of this gene mutation, offering a potential benefit for the millions of people who suffer from diabetes, heart disease, and obesity.
“This study helped us clarify the link between what we eat, what we absorb, and our risk for the disease. Knowing this opens the door to improved therapies for cardiometabolic disease,” said Scott D. Solomon, M.D., the lead researcher. He explained that the study is the first to fully evaluate the link between mutations in the gene mainly responsible for absorbing glucose in the gut–SGLT-1, or sodium glucose co-transporter-1–and cardiometabolic disease.
During the study, the researchers analysed the relationship between SGLT-1 mutations and cardiometabolic disease using genetic data obtained from 8,478 participants in the Atherosclerosis Risk In Communities (ARIC) study.
The researchers found that about 6 percent of the subjects carried a mutation in SGLT-1 that causes limited impairment of glucose absorption. Individuals with this mutation had a lower incidence of type 2 diabetes, were less obese, had a lower incidence

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.237825
Retrieved Text: Genetic testing (diagnosis) and counseling may help you and your family to more accurately plan health care strategies. Genetic testing can determine if you have an increased chance of developing certain types of cancer and allow you and your relatives to take more proactive steps to detect cancer earlier or to prevent it. It may also provide some peace of mind, discovering that your chances of developing cancer are not as great as you believed.
What is genetic testing and how is it done?
Genetic testing analyzes specific genes for mutations associated with hereditary cancer, typically using a blood draw. Your genetic counselor will help you and your physician choose an appropriate genetic test based on the information discussed at your appointment. Whenever possible, it’s best to begin testing with a person in the family who has had cancer. If a gene mutation is found in one family member, other relatives can undergo genetic testing to see if they have inherited the same mutation.
Genetic testing may help you and your family to plan your healthcare approach. It may offer some peace of mind to discover your chances of developing cancer are not as great as they had seemed. It can also determine if you have an increased risk of developing certain types of cancer, allowing you and your relatives to take more proactive steps toward earlier detection or prevention.
What if genetic testing finds I have a gene mutation?
If genetic testing finds a gene mutation, it means you have a hereditary risk to develop cancer. No form of cancer

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.184134
Retrieved Text: Everyone has BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes, but some people are born with an error, or mutation, in one of these genes. Men and women with a gene mutation in either BRCA1 or BRCA2 are at heightened risk for certain cancers, including breast, ovarian, prostate, and pancreatic cancers. These gene mutations can be passed on to children by either men or women.
What is cancer risk evaluation?
Cancer risk evaluation involves meeting with a genetics specialist to estimate your personal risk for different cancers by reviewing your personal and family history of cancer, and sometimes undergoing genetic testing. Knowing about the presence of increased risk for cancer can provide important, sometimes life-saving options such as increased cancer screening, prophylactic surgeries, and medications.
Genes are the instruction manuals within in all of our cells. Genes are made up of DNA, which act as letters that spell a chemical code. Through the chemical code the body receives messages that control every bodily function. Most body functions, such as digestion, are complicated and involve not just one, but many genes. Certain genes may produce brown hair while other genes send messages for blonde hair. When a gene is not working properly, it is said to be altered or mutated. A gene mutation may disrupt a normal body function. If certain genes, like BRCA1 and BRCA2 , have errors or mutations, they stop working properly and the cells may not get the proper instructions about when to grow and divide. Cells can then grow more quickly without the normal genetic controls, and form a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.178713
Retrieved Text: What is the strict difference between mutation and DNA damage? As far as I understand it, a mutation is an alteration in the genetic sequence, having "tricked" the repairing machinery and thus getting replicated in the future. DNA damage, on the other hand, is any alteration of the DNA molecule including breaks, chemical alterations of the molecule, etc.
Then, are mutations considered a type of DNA damage? I would thank the strict definition of both concepts.
DNA damages and mutation are fundamentally different. Damages are physical abnormalities in the DNA... [and] can be recognized by enzymes, and, thus, they can be correctly repaired if redundant information, such as the undamaged sequence in the complementary DNA strand or in a homologous chromosome, is available for copying.... In contrast to DNA damage, a mutation is a change in the base sequence of the DNA. A mutation cannot be recognized by enzymes once the base change is present in both DNA strands, and, thus, a mutation cannot be repaired.
Injuries to DNA that introduce deviations from its normal, intact structure and which may, if left unrepaired, result in a MUTATION or a block of DNA REPLICATION... They include the introduction of illegitimate bases during replication or by deamination or other modification of bases; the loss of a base from the DNA backbone leaving an abasic site; single-strand breaks; double strand breaks; and intrastrand (PYRIMIDINE DIMERS) or interstrand crosslinking. Damage can often be repaired (DNA REPAIR).
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged genetics molecular-genetics mutations dna-damage or ask your own

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.16069
Retrieved Text: DNA Direct - What Is BRCA1 and BRCA2 Mutation Testing?
What Is BRCA1 and BRCA2 Mutation Testing?
Who Is at Risk for a BRCA Mutation?
Who Should Consider Testing for BRCA Mutations?
Most cancer happens by chance. Just 5% to 10% of breast and ovarian cancers are caused by inherited gene mutations. Most of these are caused by a mutation in one of the BRCA genes, called BRCA1 or BRCA2.
These genes are found in every cell in each person's body. Their job is to protect the cell's DNA from damage. If someone has a mutation in one of these genes, the risk to develop breast and ovarian cancer is higher. Both women and men can pass down BRCA mutations to their children.
Having a BRCA mutation doesn't mean that you will automatically develop breast or ovarian cancer. But, it does increase your risk for these cancers. Each person's risk depends on many factors, and a BRCA mutation is a strong risk factor. There are genetic tests that look for these mutations in high-risk people.
Next: Who Is at Risk for a BRCA Mutation?
I have a family member who had genetic testing that found a BRCA mutation.
I haven't had cancer, but my family history suggests a BRCA mutation. No one has had genetic testing yet.
BRCA mutations that increase the risk of breast and ovarian cancer are inherited. If you have a family member with a BRCA mutation, you’re at-risk for having that mutation, too. How high your risk is depends on how closely you are related to this person. You should review your

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.12959
Retrieved Text: The "gait keeper" genetic mutation has been found in gaited horses all over the world.
Paso Finos do the paso largo, Tennessee Walkers do the running walk, American Saddlebreds rack and Icelandic horses tölt—but Thoroughbreds would tie their legs in knots if they tried any of these gaits. What accounts for the unusual abilities of gaited breeds? They all share a single genetic mutation, one that was spread around the world by selective breeding, new research shows.
Leif Andersson, PhD, a professor of functional genomics at Uppsala University in Sweden and currently a fellow at Texas A&M University’s Institute of Advanced Studies, led the research team that tracked the genetic link. Since identifying the mutation in 2012, the team has analyzed DNA from 4,396 horses representing 141 breeds worldwide. The “gait keeper” mutation showed up in breeds from North and South America, across Eurasia from Britain to Japan, in Iceland and even in South Africa. Pacers had it, as did horses that perform the various four-beat lateral (ambling or single-foot) gaits. The mutation also occurs in Standardbreds, which keep trotting at warp speed when other horses break into a canter or gallop.
The mutation is a single change in the DNA sequence of a gene known as DMRT3. This gene carries the code for a protein that plays a key role in certain spinal-cord nerve cells, helping to coordinate leg movements. The mutation results in a shorter, unfinished protein product, and the researchers believe that accounts for the different gaits.
The fact that the mutation is found around the world

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.118525
Retrieved Text: 19. How would the deletion of the Shine-Dalgarno sequence affect a bacterial mRNA?
*20. How would the deletion of the following sequences or features most likely affect a eukaryotic pre-mRNA?
21. What would be the most likely effect on the amino acid sequence of a protein of a mutation that occurred in an intron of the gene encoding the protein? Explain your answer.
22. A geneticist induces a mutation in the gene that codes for cleavage and polyadenylation specificity factor (CPSF) in a line of cells growing in the laboratory. What would be the immediate effect of this mutation on RNA molecules in the cultured cells?
*23. A geneticist mutates the gene for proteins that bind to the poly(A) tail in a line of cells growing in the laboratory. What would be the immediate effect of this mutation in the cultured cells?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.973174
Retrieved Text: The CSF3R Mutation Analysis Test is a genetic test that detects abnormalities in the CSF3R gene. It aids in the diagnosis of agammaglobulinemia and leukemia.
What are the Clinical Indications for performing the CSF3R Mutation Analysis Test?
How is the Specimen Collected for the CSF3R Mutation Analysis Test?
What is the Significance of the CSF3R Mutation Analysis Test Result?
Tefferi, A., Thiele, J., Vannucchi, A. M., & Barbui, T. (2014). An overview on CALR and CSF3R mutations and a proposal for revision of WHO diagnostic criteria for myeloproliferative neoplasms. Leukemia, 28(7), 1407-1413.
Elliott, M. A., Pardanani, A., Hanson, C. A., Lasho, T. L., Finke, C., & Tefferi, A. (2014). The Natural History of CSF3R-Mutated Chronic Neutrophilic Leukemia: A Mayo Clinic Series of 14 Consecutive Cases. Blood, 124(21), 1827-1827.
Lavallée, V. P., Krosl, J., Lemieux, S., Boucher, G., Gendron, P., Pabst, C., ... & Hébert, J. (2016). Chemo-genomic interrogation of CEBPA mutated AML reveals recurrent CSF3R mutations and subgroup sensitivity to JAK inhibitors. Blood, 127(24), 3054-3061.
Pardanani, A., Lasho, T. L., Laborde, R. R., Elliott, M., Hanson, C. A., Knudson, R. A., ... & Tefferi, A. (2013). CSF3R T618I is a highly prevalent and specific mutation in chronic neutrophilic leukemia. Leukemia, 27(9), 1870-1873.
Maxson, J. E., Gotlib, J., Pollyea, D. A., Fleischman, A. G., Agarwal, A., Eide, C. A., ... & Pond, J. B. (2013). Oncogenic CSF3R mutations in chronic neutrophilic leukemia and atypical CML. New England Journal of Medicine, 368(19), 1781-1790.
Elliott, M. A., Pardanani, A., Hanson, C. A., Lasho, T. L., Finke, C. M., Belachew, A. A., & Tefferi, A. (2015). ASXL1 mutations are

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.962016
Retrieved Text: Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) is a gene mutation that affects how your body handles folate. Nearly half of all people have a mutation in the MTHFR gene. Using the activated form of folate, such as MethylPro®, can override the MTHFR genetic mutation and help you get the folate you need for brain and cardiovascular health.
Folic acid and folate have to be prepared by the body before they are ready to use. Folic acid (red) is synthetic (man-made) and enters the body in the form of over-the-counter vitamins and fortified foods. Dietary folates (red) occur naturally and come from fruits, vegetables, and whole grain products. Enzymes (blue) needed to activate folate are dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR) and methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR).
Once L-methylfolate (otherwise known as 5-methyltetrahydrofolate or 5-L-MTHF) is produced, it can be transported into cells, tissues and even across the blood-brain barrier. Folate deficiency arises when people have poorly functioning enzymes in the pathway, such as an MTHFR mutation.
What is Your MTHFR Status?
If you have an MTHFR gene mutation, your MTHFR enzyme is not optimal. This prevents folate from doing its job to keep your brain, cardiovascular, and reproductive systems healthy.
Because of this mutation, you may not be getting enough folate, even with a healthy diet and a multivitamin. Taking L-methylfolate can supplement your nutrition and help support the MTHFR mutation, giving you the folate you need. As with all genes, you get one copy from your mother and one copy from your father. Some people have a mutation in one or both copies of the MTHFR gene. There

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.937544
Retrieved Text: Deciding whether to test asymptomatic children is a very personal decision. No matter what choice a family makes, a person known to have multiple lesions would need to be tested first, as the “index patient.” Knowing the index patient’s exact mutation allows for specific testing of family members to determine if they are affected.
1. You will find out if your children don't have a mutation, which will let you stop worrying about their disease status. Each child of a parent with a mutation has only a 50% chance of inheriting the mutation.
2. If a child who does have a mutation has ambiguous symptoms, doctors and, particularly, insurance companies will be more driven to follow up with neurological testing. Children have died because they were not tested despite a known family mutation. They showed up in the ER and were sent home with diagnoses of migraine, or treated for flu instead of brain hemorrhage. Insurance companies have denied coverage for CT scans in undiagnosed children when the only symptom is headache. Less extreme, seizure disorders can be picked up sooner, before they cause developmental damage. ADHD can be understood in its context instead of being treated with stimulants.
3. You can take precautions for kids who have a mutation and you can eliminate the need to take precautions for kids who test negative. For example, it can be a burden to restrict ibuprofen but most doctors believe children with a mutation should stay away from this medication because of its blood-thinning properties. If parents don't know whether their

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.912717
Retrieved Text: Stephen Hawking is a world renowned English theoretical physicist, cosmologist, and author. He is what many people call a genius visionary whose knowledge is only limited by what science has yet to find out. Despite his tremendous achievements, he is currently much more recognized to be the symbol of a crippling disease: Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis or more commonly known as ALS.
ALS, sometimes called Lou Gehrig’s disease, is a rapidly progressive, invariably fatal neurological disease that attacks the nerve cells responsible for controlling voluntary muscles. The disease belongs to a group of disorders known as motor neuron diseases, which are characterized by the gradual degeneration and death of motor neurons.
After some time, the outcome of the disease is the exact image Stephen Hawking is currently, and unfortunately, associated with.
As the disease progresses further, all muscles under voluntary control are affected, and individuals lose their strength and the ability to move their arms, legs, and body. When muscles in the diaphragm and chest wall fail, people lose the ability to breathe without ventilatory support.
There is no cure for ALS (right now) but we can prevent it according to a new study by Nikolay Dokholyan, Ph.D. His proposal was to stabilize the superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1 ) protein which is what causes twenty percent of known ALS cases. Mutations of the SOD1 protein leads to development of protein clumps that are toxic to motor neurons.
While a mutation causes ALS, Dokholyan proposes an engineered mutation might lead to the exact opposite and actually help prevent ALS from occurring.
The engineered mutation

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.889113
Retrieved Text: Mutation 1) the act or process of mutating; change; alteration 2) a change or alteration 3) a change in the chromosomes or genes of a cell. When this change occurs in the gametes, the structure and development of the resultant offspring may be affected … 4) another word for mutant: physical characteristic of an individual resulting from this type of chromosomal change.
Social mutation as a condition of maximum deterioration of individual.
Mutation resulted because of socium (social grouping).
Social mutation as stimulus of sexual dreams.
Social mutation as a rule.
Social mutation as an act of anarchism.
Social mutation as an exception.
Social mutation as a system of re-evaluation.
Social mutation as a necessity.
Social mutation as love of Jimmy Hendrix.
Social mutation as an etalon.
Social mutation as love of Karl Marx.
Social mutation as love of Aram Asatryan.
Social mutation as phony tendency of becoming phony “Jacky-Juky”.
Social mutation as alternative art.
Social mutation can be understood as a natural phenomenon of our society, with positive, negative or indifferent attitude of the public. Attitude which in reality is not as important as the fact that social mutation simply exists.
Concept of social mutation is quite wide and general theme fit for a separate study. However, it is very wide and convenient means for freely finding individual position. Infinite qualifications may be given to the quite abstract and not necessarily consistent understanding of so called social mutation. This can be done by diversifying the very concept of the “Alternative” project and making it more interesting.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.855242
Retrieved Text: How to create a branch and push files to it with V4 github graphQL api ?
After reading documentation and watching beginneer tutorial of Gitub GraphQL Api's I have this understanding we need to use mutation to cut a new branch from existing branch but doesn't know which mutation verb to use.
and When to use Objects ??
Re: How to create a branch and push files to it with V4 github graphQL api ?
To my understanding, what you're asking for is not currently possible in the GraphQL v4 API because there isn't a `createBranch` mutation. You would have to continue to use the REST v3 API or use git directly.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.834877
Retrieved Text: Every year in the United States, more than 200,000 women find out that they have breast cancer. Although virtually all women carry some amount of risk for developing the disease, those with a family history generally carry a much higher risk.
As a hereditary cancer screening specialist here at Center for Women’s Health in Wichita, Kansas, I’m dedicated to helping women understand their personal breast cancer risk and learn more about their screening options.
Although most cases of breast cancer are random and happen by chance, some women develop the disease because it runs in their families — meaning they’re genetically predisposed to it.
According to the Centers for Disease Control, roughly 3% of all the women who are diagnosed with breast cancer each year, or approximately 6,000 cases, are a result of an inherited mutation in the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes, otherwise known as your “tumor suppressor” genes.
Though it’s rarely mentioned, men can also inherit the BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutation, and with it, an increased risk for certain cancers, including: breast cancer, prostate cancer, melanoma and pancreatic cancer.
Normally, BRCA genes play an important role in regulating uncontrolled cell growth and preventing abnormal cells from turning cancerous. Any change, or mutation, in these genes interferes with their ability to function properly.
You have two copies of the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes: You inherited one copy from your mother, and one from your father. If either of your parents carried a BRCA mutation, there’s a 50% chance that it was passed on to you.
Even if you inherited a BRCA1 or BRCA2

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.813895
Retrieved Text: What should I do if I think I have hereditary ovarian cancer?
If you have been diagnosed with ovarian cancer and not offered genetic testing, arrange to talk with your oncologist and discuss whether you may be eligible.
As guidance on genetic testing is relatively new, in some areas of the UK testing may not be automatically offered. If you haven’t been offered a test, you may still be able to ask for a referral to a genetics centre via your GP or oncologist.
You will then be offered the chance to speak with a genetic counsellor to help you make a decision about whether to have the test or not, and what the implications would be for you and your family members.
What should I consider before having a genetic test?
There are some important things to think about before going ahead with genetic testing; in particular you should think about the impact of the testing on yourself and on those who are close to you.
Some women find it helpful to have an explanation for why they developed ovarian cancer. However, there will be other implications for you if you are identified as having a hereditary cancer risk as you will have an increased risk of developing other cancers. In the case of the BRCA1 or BRCA2 genes you will have a higher risk of developing breast cancer (in comparison to the general population). What is recommended for you in terms of addressing this risk will be discussed in the context of your current cancer diagnosis and treatment.
A second consideration

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.7972555
Retrieved Text: People with FTD and their families often worry if FTD is hereditary, particularly if one or more additional family members have received a diagnosis of FTD or another neurodegenerative disorder, such as ALS or Alzheimer’s disease.
Is FTD inherited? In at least half of affected individuals, the answer is “no” – their FTD is said to be sporadic, meaning that none of their relatives are known to have FTD. However, approximately 40% of affected individuals with FTD do have a family history that includes at least one other relative diagnosed with a neurodegenerative disease. Their FTD is described as familial.
What genes are commonly mutated in FTD?
Genes are segments of the DNA that contain “recipes” for making the proteins that carry out the functions needed to keep the cell alive. Mutations are changes in the DNA sequence of a gene. Like typos in a cookbook recipe, mutations lead to errors in the instructions for making the protein encoded by the mutated gene.
Mutations in other genes have also been described but are much rarer than the three mentioned above.
A very small percentage of people with sporadic FTD (less than 10%) have a mutation in a known FTD gene. Meanwhile, an estimated 10-15% of people with familial FTD have a similar mutation.
Are some gene mutations more likely to occur in particular FTD disorders?
In general, there is not a one-to-one correspondence between the familial type of a specific FTD disorder and a specific gene. For example, mutations in MAPT, GRN and C9orf72 are all found in people diagnosed with bvFTD. The

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.781149
Retrieved Text: The first step is to mutagenise a population of organisms, or cells or similar. Mutagenesis is basically causing damage to DNA. Lot’s of things can do this, Wikipedia has a great page on mutagens. In plant genetics, the mutagen we typically use for changing single nucleotides in DNA, things we call point mutations or Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms (SNPs), is EMS - Ethyl methanesulfonate. EMS will predominantly make C’s change to T’s and G’s change to A’s. These mutations are distributed fairly uniformly throughout the genome.
In practice we take a load of plant seeds and soak them in a solution of EMS. The EMS soaks in and damages the plant’s DNA.
This damages the DNA in some but not all of the cells in the seed.
We grow up the seed (let’s call the plants that grow up the M1 generation) and the cells in those M1 plants that descended from the mutagenised cells carry the mutations. Sometimes these will be cells in the germline - ones that beget seeds. The progeny of the M1 plants, that grow from mutation carrying seeds (let’s call these progeny the M2) will all grow up with the mutation in every cell and eventually, by identifying the progeny plants carefully, we can get a population of plants which are homozygous for all the EMS SNP mutations we induced.
Once we have a mutagenised population we can start to select the individuals in that population that show some change in the phenotype of interest, say flowering time. We can use further crosses to bring in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.780557
Retrieved Text: Using Push Health, you can easily request a Factor V Leiden (G1691A) Mutation test from a licensed medical provider, get tested at a lab near you, and get results electronically. The total fees are $230.78 and include the lab order, lab fees and an electronic copy of the results.
Place your request online and pay the all-inclusive fees for the Factor V Leiden (G1691A) Mutation test.
What is a Factor V Leiden (G1691A) Mutation test?
The Factor V Leiden test is a blood test that checks for the Factor V Leiden mutation.
Factor V (F5) is protein in the blood clotting system that enables various metabolic processes which cause blood clotting. When functioning normally, Factor V helps the clotting system form clots that stop abnormal bleeding throughout the body. It does this by serving as a helper (cofactor) in a clotting process that allows factor Xa to turn on prothrombin. The activation of prothrombin enables the formation of the matrix (fibrin) of the clot.
To stop Factor V's activity when clotting is no longer needed, the body releases a special protein called activated protein C (APC) which attaches to the Factor V protein and blocks its activity.
Factor V Leiden is a genetic mutation that affects the body's ability to regulate the Factor V protein. When people have this mutation, the protein that typically shuts down Factor V's clotting activity (APC) is impaired, leading to unregulated Factor V activity. Unregulated, Factor V becomes overactive, leading to excessive blood clotting. Known as a hypercoaguable state, Factor V Leiden results in more blood clots

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.681455
Retrieved Text: As explained in the mutations section, optimistic UI is a pattern that you can use to simulate the results of a mutation and update the UI even before receiving a response from the server. Once the response is received from the server, optimistic result is thrown away and replaced with the actual result.
Optimistic UI provides an easy way to make your UI respond much faster, while ensuring that the data becomes consistent with the actual response when it arrives.
Let's say we have an "edit comment" mutation, and we want the UI to update immediately when the user submits the mutation, instead of waiting for the server response. This is what the optimisticResponse parameter to the mutate method provides.
The main way to get GraphQL data into your UI components with Apollo is to use a query, so if we want our optimistic response to update the UI, we have to make sure to return an optimistic response that will update the correct query result. Learn more about how to do this with the dataIdFromObject option.
We select id and __typename because that's what our dataIdFromObject uses to determine a globally unique object ID. We need to make sure to provide the right values for those fields, so that Apollo knows what object we are referring to.
In the example above, we showed how to seamlessly edit an existing object in the store with an optimistic mutation result. However, many mutations don't just update an existing object in the store, but they insert a new one.
In that case we need

================



======= Instance Index 3923 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Electromagnetic waves that are commonly called light fall roughly in the middle of the electromagnetic spectrum. Light includes infrared light, visible light, and ultraviolet light.


Q: What are 3 types of light?

 Choices:

- complementary, incandescent, fluorescent

- solar , visible , ultraviolet

- diffuse, ambient, opaque

- infrared, visible, ultraviolet

A:

Target Text: infrared, visible, ultraviolet

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.81441
Retrieved Text: Download "Introduction Fundamental of optical amplifiers Types of optical amplifiers"
3 What is optical amplification? What use is optical amplification?
10 Summary of OA fundamental (cont.) 2- Just like a laser has certain spectral range, gain can occur only over certain range of wavelength that depends on the medium. The variation of gain vs. wavelength is called gain spectrum, g[l] 3- The light coming out of an OA is not just the amplified input signal (what if we don't have any input?) but also includes Amplified Spontaneous Emission (ASE): very important effect on the OA noise characteristics, 4- There are 2 key noise terms of an OA: - Signal--spontaneous beat noise - Spontaneous--spontaneous beat noise Both are critical to the performance of OA.
Types of losses in optical fiber cable are: Due to attenuation, the power of light wave decreases exponentially with distance.
UNIT-II TRANSMISSION CHARACTERISTICS OF OPTICAL FIBERS SIGNAL ATTENUATION: Signal attenuation in an optical fiber is defined as the decrease in light power during light propagation along an optical fiber.
Introduction to BER testing of WDM systems Application note 1299 Wavelength division multiplexing (WDM) is a new and exciting technology for migrating the core optical transmission network to higher bandwidths.
Fundamentals of Electromagnetics With Engineering Applications by Stuart M. Wentworth Copyright 2005 by John Wiley & Sons. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.559534
Retrieved Text: Types of home lighting Cozy Artificial Lighting Home Lighting Design Ideas Different Kinds Of Lighting.
Types of home lighting Different Led Lighting Control Systems Bring Out The Best In Home Design Stereo Types The Best Way To Create That Luxury Home Look Led Lighting Stereo.
Types of home lighting Lighting Fixtures Complete Guide To Types Of Light Bulbs And Globes Bunnings Warehouse Complete Guide To Types Of Light Bulbs Globes Bunnings Warehouse.
Types of home lighting Recessed Recessed Lighting Is Common Choice For Decorative Home Lighting Wisegeek What Is Decorative Home Lighting with Pictures.
Types of home lighting Outdoor Lighting Step 3 Install The Switch Tested How To Improve Your Home With Led Lighting Tested.
Types of home lighting Living Shop This Look Hgtvcom Basic Types Of Lighting Hgtv.
Types of home lighting Light Bulb Design Your Own House Plans Home Lighting Design.
Types of home lighting Recessed Renovationfind Blog Learn About Three Types Of Home Lighting Renovationfind Blog.
Types of home lighting Different Types Click To Enlarge To Add Focal Point To This Kitchen Shaleesa Mize Specified Unique Light Fixture Inlander From Bulb Types To Fixtures Lighting Choices Can Elevate The Look.
Types of home lighting Bulb Led Tube Light Led Lights In India Types Of Led Lights Available For Different Applications Led.
Types of home lighting Room Light Type Led Lamp Voltage 220 v Shade Material Acrylic Lamp Cap Specifications 5730 Smd Dimensions 35mm45mm55mm mm Modern And Simple Style The Main Dhgatecom 2019 Modern Chinesejapanese Style Led Lamp Oak Wooden Wall Lamp.
Types of home lighting Accent Lighting Fixture Types Vancouver Electrician Lighting Fixture Types

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.17411
Retrieved Text: Different types of microscopes. Optical Microscopes: These microscopes use visible light (or UV light in the case of fluorescence microscopy) to make an image.... A microscope is basically used to make an object appear larger in order for us to see the details. It is essential to understand the different types of microscopes available, their specific features and uses.
Short Notes on Microscopic Techniques: Different types of Microscopes Cell is the basic unit of life. The extremely minute size of this wonderful structure remained an obstacle for cytologists until the invention of microscope.... Different Types of Microscopes By Ryezah Dissection Microscopes Dissection Microscopes are light illuminated. The image that appears is 3-Dimensional. � PowerPoint PPT presentation The image that appears is 3-Dimensional.
1. Use light to magnify 2. Can magnify up to 2000x, but ours magnify up to 500x 3. Use ONE eye to see in 2D 4. The object you look at must be thin enough for light to pass through.
different observers (interpupillary adjustment). Other microscopes may have different Other microscopes may have different magnifications which are stamped on the side of the eyepiece.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.926373
Retrieved Text: Publish by in Category home ideas at June 7th, 2018. Tagged with 120v light bulb base types. 12v light bulb base types. american light bulb base types. different light bulb base types. fluorescent light bulb base types. halogen light bulb base types. light bulb base types. light bulb base types pdf.
Light Bulb Base Types have 50 picture of home ideas, it's including Light Bulb Base Types Stunning Home Ideas 1. Light Bulb Base Types Astonishing Sizes Socket Pinteres Home Ideas 2. Light Bulb Base Types Stunning Shapes Sizes And Explained LEDwatcher Home Ideas 3. Light Bulb Base Types Immense Of Bases Sizes Led Information Home Ideas 4. Light Bulb Base Types Astounding Learn About All The Different Of Bulbs Available And Home Ideas 5.
Tags : 120v light bulb base types. 12v light bulb base types. american light bulb base types. different light bulb base types. fluorescent light bulb base types. halogen light bulb base types. light bulb base types. light bulb base types pdf.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.743123
Retrieved Text: Short article relating to the following matter 3 Carat Diamond Rings For Women.
What men and women feel with regards to 3 Carat Diamond Rings For Women. These types of are random feedback.
A bracelet is ideal for each formal and everyday put on. Silver rings are not just tough, but in addition light-weight when when compared to other options available on the market. Donning a really straightforward ring can be very sophisticated and stylish indeed.
Further more tags and responses are 3 Carat Diamond Rings For Women, entire body artwork and unique layout.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.643376
Retrieved Text: Outdoor Greenhouse Growing or Indoors- which is best?
What is the best solution for growing plants? Is it in a greenhouse, or should you grow them indoors with grow lights?
It is said that nothing beats natural sunlight obtained from an outdoor greenhouse. The greenhouse provides a regulated climatic environment for plants to flourish. It can protect the plants from external unfavorable weather conditions as well as diseases. It creates the optimal growth micro-environment. A greenhouse is also referred to as a controlled environmental agriculture (CEA), controlled environment plant production system (CEPPS), or phytomation system. Lighting is a key ingredient for a plant's success. The wrong kind of light can be detrimental to your plant's growth. Light is broken up into 3 types of UV (ultraviolet) light.
UVA- Ultraviolet A is from 320-400nm and comprises about 3% of the photons in natural sunlight that make it through Earth's atmosphere.
UVB- Ultraviolet B is from 290-320nm and makes up less than 0.15% -- less than 1/5th of 1% -- of total natural sunlight. UVB light can cause damage to DNA, including inducing cancer in animals. The Earth's ozone layer blocks almost all of the sun's UVB light.
Ultraviolet C is from 100-290nm and is almost completely filtered out by Earth's atmosphere and is not a component of natural sunlight. UVC light is used for sterilization purposes-- it kills living cells.
Understanding the types of light that your plants will get in your greenhouse is a worthy step to selecting the greenhouse covering. If you are considering SolaWrap greenhouse plastic, please visit this link

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.577837
Retrieved Text: light socket sizes light bulb socket sizes light bulb base sizes ideas light bulb types and sizes for recessed lighting sizes halogen flood light bulb base sizes light bulb socket chart.
light socket sizes standard light bulb sizes standard light socket size medium size of standard flood light bulb size standard light socket base size.
light socket sizes light bulb socket sizes chart light bulb base types light bulb socket types 9 ceiling fan light bulb socket chart.
light socket sizes to 2 led bulb adaptor led light socket conversion lamp holder converter light bulb light socket size adapter.
light socket sizes light bulb socket controlled smart light socket light bulb base sizes light bulb socket light bulb socket chart.
light socket sizes ceiling fan light socket ceiling fan remarkable ceiling fan light bulb size photo light socket measurements.
light socket sizes bulb socket size comparison guide com flood light size chart light socket conversion.
light socket sizes standard lamp socket size light light socket size adapter.
light socket sizes chandelier light socket chandelier light sockets chandelier light sockets com chandelier light bulb socket size light bulb socket base sizes.
light socket sizes light bulb socket sizes chart reference guide 2 1 capable lamp size standard us light socket size.
light socket sizes bulb socket comparison light socket convert to plug.
light socket sizes light bulb socket sizes chart flood light size chart understanding the led lighting facts label video light bulb socket sizes light socket conversion.
light socket sizes full size of 2 circuit lamp socket wiring 3 way lamp socket how to wire a light bulb

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.453952
Retrieved Text: rechargeable aa batteries for solar lights rechargeable batteries for solar lights a comfy yards beyond solar light replacement battery rechargeable aa batteries for solar powered lights.
technology ltd 4 pack rechargeable solar light batteries 2 3 aa for lights outdoor powered,what kind of batteries for solar lights amazon 1 rechargeable nicd aa powered 2 3 outdoor,rechargeable nicd aa batteries for solar powered lights outdoor garden light,rechargeable nicd aa batteries for solar powered lights best nimh 4 pack of camera torch outdoor,rechargeable aa batteries solar lights luxury for light nicd powered 2 3,aa rechargeable lithium batteries for solar lights outdoor 4 x light,2 3 aa rechargeable batteries for solar lights nicd powered lithium hardware international development,elegant rechargeable batteries for solar powered lights aa outdoor nicd lithium,rechargeable batteries for solar lights 2 3 aa lithium nicd powered,aa rechargeable lithium batteries for solar lights 2 3 types and which to buy powered.
Be the first to comment on "Rechargeable Aa Batteries For Solar Lights Rechargeable Batteries For Solar Lights A Comfy Yards Beyond Solar Light Replacement Battery Rechargeable Aa Batteries For Solar Powered Lights"

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.426748
Retrieved Text: Where does the energy from food originally come from?
What is a difference between autotrophs and heterotrophs?
What is one of the principal chemical compounds that cells use to store energy?
When a cell has energy available, how can it store small amounts of that energy?
They can add a phosphate group to an ADP to make ATP, also adding electrons and a Hydrogen ion to NADP+ to make NADPH.
How is ATP different from ADP?
ATP has 3 phosphate groups while ADP has 2.
When is the energy stored in ATP released?
What are the characteristics of ATP that makes it exceptionally useful to all types of cells?
Where do cells get their energy from ATP?
In addition to water and carbon dioxide, what do plants need to preform photosynthesis?
What is another pigment which can be used to power photosynthesis other than chlorophyll?
What colors do pigments absorb very well?
What happens when chlorophyll absorbs light?
What is a carrier molecule?
They transport high-energy electrons from chlorophyll to other molecules.
How does NADP+ become NADPH?
They accept and hold two energy electrons along with an H+ ion.
What happens in the light- dependent reactions?
Step 1 of LDR: What happens in the Photosystem II in light dependent reaction?
Step 2 of LDR: What happens in the electron transport chain?
Step 3 of LDR: What happens in photosystem I?
Electrons released by photosystem II are re-energized in photosystem I to become high energy electrons again. Enzymes in the membrane uses these electrons to form NADPH. NADPH is used to make sugar in the Calvin cycle (Light independent reactions).
What causes the increase of hydrogen ions in the thylakoid

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.4250555
Retrieved Text: Treat sun spots and uneven pigmentation with our non-invasive intense pulsed light (IPL) photofacial treatments, designed to target an array of skin imperfections for a more even, luminous and youthful-looking complexion. IPL causes collagen and blood vessels below the epidermis to constrict, reducing redness and age lines. Thanks to cooling of the skin, the treatment involves minimal discomfort and offers dramatic results with little downtime and low risk of side effects.
A series of 3 to 5 treatments scheduled at 4-week intervals is recommended. Best results come with supplemental sun protection and a good home skincare routine. Slight redness and “peppering” after IPL will subside over several days as skin becomes more radiant, soft, and beautiful.
Please discuss with us your exact medication list – be sure to mention if you are taking any antibiotics. Please let us know if you have a condition known as porphyria (a condition that causes sensitivity to light). Photosensitizing medications, self-tanners, and sun exposure (tanning) should be avoided prior to treatment.
Intense pulsed light is a technology designed to target varies skin imperfections such as sun spots, uneven pigmentation, acne, and redness/vascularity of the skin.
The IPL device is similar to a laser. The handpiece is gently pressed onto the skin, with a smooth, transparent surface emitting a bright light on the targeted areas.
IPL uses intense blasts of light and heat which can be uncomfortable, depending on the treatment, your skin type and condition, and your own pain tolerance. Most patients compare the sensation to that of flicking of a rubber band. In some

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.361271
Retrieved Text: Laser skin resurfacing treatments seem to be buzzier than ever these days, with innovative new procedures promising to reduce the signs of aging with just a few zaps. But which laser is right for you, and does laser skin tightening work? We tapped Lauren Abramowitz, Board Certified PA-C, Founder of Park Avenue Skin Solutions to give us a crash course on lasers, laser types, and the cost of laser skin resurfacing.
Today there is a laser, light device, ultrasound therapy and infrared therapy that can treat almost anybody. It’s important to know that not all lasers are created equal and not all laser and light devices address all skin concerns.
What problems can laser treatments correct?
Laser treatments address just about every complexion and aging concerns of the skin. Laser treatments can address a variety of skin concerns such as hyperpigmentation, acne scars, acne rosacea, broken capillaries, collagen production, stretch marks, fine lines, wrinkles, skin laxity, cellulite, tattoo removal and excess fat.
What types of lasers are out there and which ones do what?
Our body has the amazing ability to utilize different wavelength or colors of light to re-energize aging cells and to heal various skin conditions. There are several types of lasers used in skin laser therapy. The wavelength, peaks of the laser light, pulse durations and how the target skin tissue absorbs this, determine the clinical applications of the laser types. Lasers can be divided into ablative versus non-ablative lasers. Ablative lasers remove the outer layers and tissue and superficially wound the skin whereas non-ablative lasers or “non-wounding”

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.273565
Retrieved Text: Therefore Titan Lighting Crosshatch 3 Light Triangle Pan In Polished Chrome Pendant With Crosshatch Mosaic Glass TN 473025 By Gay Cormier what was it that adjusted my intellect? I believe that the alternative lies in just the fingers of, nicely, a handful of Those identified as 'Vogue Analysts' AKA The Style Law enforcement. Their task: in the direction of provide and include the industrial passions of model providers throughout the world. How? By way of dissecting the general public's psychology of what will be the upcoming manner will be by way of path of comprehensive generate and purchasing expeditions (those people bastards). Titan Lighting Crosshatch 3 Light Triangle Pan In Polished Chrome Pendant With Crosshatch Mosaic Glass TN 473025 By Gay Cormier Those people 'vogue analysts' then posting again in direction of research expert services, who then shift upon in direction of consolidate their results in just sector publications and sites for the employ of type providers.
Choose what type of fragrance you want based on what use the perfume would be to you. For example, is it for special occasions? Could it be to please or seduce a lover? Is it for everyday wash and wear? If you are planning to please someone, be sure to research on the particular fragrances he or she likes. If you want it to be an everyday whiff you can wear to work Bath Faucets or school, you may want to buy a lighter in weight and fresher scent. When it's for big parties and elegant events, choose a perfume

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.2600565
Retrieved Text: You don’t have to be a big fan of canned tuna to love this healthy Tuna Melt Recipe. This new take on an old favourite pairs Mexican flavours with healthy broccoli slaw, two types of gooey melted cheese and good ol’ canned tuna for an easy and quick weeknight dinner. If you are looking for healthy canned tuna recipes this Tuna Mexi-Melt is a unique, quick and delicious dinner!
Canned tuna is an excellent meal option for both price and convenience. Yet buying tuna can be completely overwhelming because of the health considerations surrounding mercury content and Omega-3 fats.
SO, WHAT TUNA SHOULD YOU BUY?
Many people instinctively reach for the lowest price or most familiar brand, but there are other considerations. When you are shopping for tuna, it’s important to know that there are two main kinds of canned tuna: chunk light (skipjack) and solid or chunk white (albacore).
Larger, older fish tend to have more more concentrated levels of mercury than smaller, younger fish. Albacore, or white tuna, (comes in “chunk” and “solid” varieties) are the big fish in the tuna world so albacore has the highest mercury level of all the canned tunas (and 3x higher than skipjack). Light tuna, or Skipjack, tend to be much smaller fish than albacore, so naturally have less mercury.
Both types are good sources of protein with very little fat, but Albacore tuna has marginally more calories (ie: 109 calories as compared to 99 in a 3-ounce serving in chunk light tuna) 2/3 more fat and slightly more protein. Albacore has more

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.052126
Retrieved Text: To prevent TSS, you should always use the lowest absorbency level to meet your. Cardboard applicator – These are the least expensive type of tampons, and .
There are types of TAMPAX tampons for every absorbency: Light, Regular, Super, Super Plus. So, how do you choose which types of TAMPAX Tampons to use?
If you need help discovering which is the best tampon for your heavy and light days,. No matter which absorbency you're using, a tampon should never be worn for more than 8 hours.. After a few months, you'll see a pattern start to form.
No matter what kind of pad you choose, it's best to change pads every 3 or 4 hours,. The first time you use a tampon, try to do so on a heavier flow day so the .
Many girls start out using pads, but might want to use tampons when they do sports or go swimming. You'll want to talk to your mom or another woman you trust .
If you are unsure about using tampons or can't decide between tampons or pads. for certain types of physical activity â€“ especially wearing tampons for swimming. you should always use the lowest absorbency tampon for your particular flow .
It all depends on how fast you go through your pads and tampons. If you're. If you're running through a super every other hour, graduate to a super plus and use a pad for backup. But that's a. Which kind of bathing suit do *you wear? bikini.
It usually takes a few tries before being able to comfortably

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.045907
Retrieved Text: When we talk about the pendant light fixtures, then we will talk about one of the types of lighting that has been chosen by homeowners because of its charm to offer. It is one type of lights installed in the ceiling which is equipped with a canopy and fitted with rods or chains that dangle downward. By applying pendant lights as the preferred type of lighting, then we will get a taste of light fell from the ceiling and placing it in close to the area we wanted.
It is one type of lighting that is usually applied in the middle of the room, is used for task lighting over tables and counters, and used as general lighting. Here are some types of pendant lights that we can get including functions held.
(1) Task lighting – this is one of the pendant lights that allow us to get more light on the table or counter in accordance with what we need. No need to feel anxious every time it passes through the lamp glare because this is not the type of lighting that will make us feel glare. Normally, we would find this kind of lighting in a row of pendant lights mounted above the kitchen island.
(2) Overhead lights – this is one type of pendant lighting which will give us enough light so we could see well. We can apply this type of lamp in the entry halls or even on the porch.
(3) Track lights – this is one type of lighting that will be very appropriate

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.020566
Retrieved Text: Energy comes in many forms. What are they, how do they differ and what can they be used for?
Energy is converted or transferred, but never lost.
Energy is measured in joules (j).
Kinetic, heat, sound, light, electrical, chemical, mechanical and potential are all types of energy.
Whenever anything happens there is an energy change.
Without energy, nothing would ever change... nothing would happen at all.
"5, 4, 3, 2, 1, fire..."
Energy gives objects the capacity to move or change condition – for example, change temperature, change shape, or change state.
And whenever anything happens, there is an energy change.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.020331
Retrieved Text: this mppt controller adopted with auto cool, high conversion efficiency, low power consumption and LCD display. It features an efficient MPPT control algorithm. Added the output function(USB 5V 3A). For the mppt controller can be widely used in off-grid solar system, Communication base station solar system, household solar systems, street light solar systems, field monitoring and other fields.
>> What's your MPPT controller Features ?
2. Charge mode: three stages (fast charge, constant charge, floating charge). It 2. prolongs service life of the batteries.
3. Discharge mode: ON/OFF mode, Dual time control mode, PV& Time control mode, PV voltage control mode.
4. Recommended battery types: Flooded, Sealed lead acid, Gel battery. Other types of the batteries can also be defined.5.
6. RS485 communication, we can offer communication protocol also, it’s convenient for user’s integration management.
>> What's your MPPT controller structure ?
>> Which battery types are suitable for your MPPT controller ?
our MPPT controller can be used with different battery types: Flooded, Sealed lead acid, Gel battery. Other types of the batteries can also be defined.
>> What working modes does your MPPT controller have ?
Load Type LCD display NO.
>> Why Choose our mppt controller ?
1. Factory Directly Sell , Over 20 different kinds of controller for choose ,Price is good ,Quality can be controlled.
3. We are now OEM for famous brand in Europe. We have pass strict factory inspection Audit by third party institution and client auditor. During the cooperation with famous brand client, we know what customer want and we know how to make 100% quality control.
>> What's Mppt controller Working

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.93331
Retrieved Text: A glass of unknown index of refraction is shaped in the form of an isosceles prism with an apex angle of 25°. In the laboratory, with the help of a laser beam and a prism table, the minimum angle of deviation for this prism is measured carefully to be 15.8°. What is the refractive index of this glass material?
Solution: Given that Ōm = 15.8° and A = 25°, we use Equation 3-4 to calculate the refractive index.
2. Dispersion of light.Table 3-1 lists indexes of refraction for various substances independent of the wavelength of the light. In fact, the refractive index is slightly wavelength dependent. For example, the index of refraction for flint glass is about 1% higher for blue light than for red light. The variation of refractive index n with wavelength λ is called dispersion. Figure 3-12a shows a normal dispersion curve of nλ versus λ for different types of optical glass. Figure 3-12b shows the separation of the individual colors in white light—400 nm to 700 nm— after passing through a prism. Note that nλ decreases from short to long wavelengths, thus causing the red light to be less deviated than the blue light as it passes through a prism. This type of dispersion that accounts for the colors seen in a rainbow, the “prism” there being the individual raindrops.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.929643
Retrieved Text: The most important are luster, streak, hardness, and cleavage. It is also good to know a bit about such things as specific gravity, fusibility, mineral quot;habitsquot;, and the types of mineral quot;environmentsquot; different minerals are likely to be found in what types of rock, under what physical conditions.
Lustre or luster is the way light interacts with the surface of a crystal, rock, or mineral. The word traces its origins back to the Latin lux , meaning quot;lightquot;, and generally implies radiance, gloss, or brilliance.
Oct 15, 20130183;32;Please watch this video before class on Wednesday 10/16/2013.
Mineral Luster. Luster is a description of the way a mineral surface looks when light reflects off of the surface. Luster has two categories, metallic and nonmetallic. Metallic Luster refers to minerals that look like a shiny metal. Examples include galena, pyrite, magnetite, and some varieties of hematite.
Minerals (Na, Ca, Mg, Fe, Al Silicates) Luster nonmetallic. Color dark green to black. Hardness 6. Cleavage 2 directions at nearly 90186; (pyroxene) and 2 directions at 60186; and 120186; (amphibole). Dark colored igneous rocks and gneiss. Some amphibole minerals formerly used as asbestos; some pyroxene minerals used as source of lithium.
Luster. A minerals luster is the way it reflects light. Descriptions of luster are very subjective but are sometimes useful. Common types of luster are vitreous (glassy), adamantine (brilliant or gem like), resinous (resin like), greasy, pearly, waxy, and silky. Crystal Structure Crystal structure is the basic shape of a mineral as it grows.
Next minerals are sorted by hardness with the hardest being found at

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.910055
Retrieved Text: type b bulbs type b light bulb 60 watt type b light bulb watt light bulbs watt genie led led type b bulbs.
type b bulbs 60 watt type b bulb led candelabra bulb daylight dimmable 6 pack omailighting e12 6w 60w 60 watt type b bulb type b bulbs 60 watt.
type b bulbs different light bulb bases types of light bulbs compact fluorescent type b bulb 3 pack types light bulb bases type b bulbs led.
type b bulbs 25 watt type b bulb light bulbs type b watt amazon com intended for bulb prepare 25 watt type b bulb type b bulbs led.
type b bulbs type b lamp 40 watt watt equivalent base clear filament led light bulb soft white type type b e12 type b light bulbs.
type b bulbs type g light bulbs type b bulb type b bulb type a light bulb signature led type g light bulbs type b type b bulbs target red.
type b bulbs watt type b bulbs new light bulb for halogen mini candelabra sconce led s what is type b light bulb decorative type b bulbs led.
type b bulbs 60 watt type a ideal watt type b bulbs watt max type a bulbs watt type a ideal watt type b bulbs watt max type a bulbs watt type a ideal watt type b bulbs watt max type a bulbs.
type b bulbs 60 watt type b bulbs watt type a bulb better watt type b bulbs watt type type b bulbs target stores.
type b bulbs 40 watt type b sunbeam

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.905536
Retrieved Text: Very ornamental with variegated leaves. Excellent taste. Adds flavor and aroma to light lagers. 4-6% bitterness. Some resistance to mildew. Zones 3 to 8. Please note that hops go completely dormant during the winter, so you will receive what looks like a pot of soil!
Used to add flavor and aroma to pale ales and other types of beer. 8-11% bitterness. Resistant to disease and fungus. Zones 3 to 8. Please note that hops go completely dormant during the winter, so you will receive what looks like a pot of soil!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.888101
Retrieved Text: Habits and traditions are often hard to change, but discovering new and creative ways of rearranging and rethinking established norms is what distinguishes a great drummer and provides endless challenge and possibilities. Turn the Beat Around breaks decades-old routine by examining "backbeats" in a whole new light, asking the questions: "Why are backbeats always played on beats 2 & 4?" and "What about playing them on beats 1 & 3?" By delving into this inquiry, Paul Wertico provides drummers with innovative ways of expanding groove vocabulary, solidifying time, and mastering coordination and limb independence. Wertico has even coined a new word for these types of reversed beats---frontbeats.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.861493
Retrieved Text: Types Of Glass. Product Viridian New World Glass With Regard To Types Of Inspirations 16. Glass Shower Doors Enclosures Dulles Mirror Regarding Types Of Plans 18. 11 Best Types Of Glasses Images On Pinterest Good Manners With Glass Designs 12. 109 Best Wine Glasses Ideas Images On Pinterest Types Of With Glass 10. Types Of Glass Pertaining To Ideas 4. Different Types Of Glasses 1 638 Jpg Cb 1402910911 Intended For Glass Remodel 0. Types Of Glass Trends Hairstyle Doors Tech Offers Inside Plans 1.
GLASS Glass Not Just A Functional Material To Let Light Into An Within Types Of Prepare 11. If You Are Looking For Pilkington Textured Glass Or A Huge Number Of With Types Designs 9. Nice Types Of Shower Door Glass Ideas Bathroom With Bathtub For Inspirations 17. Different Glass Block Patterns Houston Intended For Types Of Design 3. 3 Common Glass Types Properties And Applications GLASS For Of Design 13.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.858448
Retrieved Text: What is LightStim?Just like plants, our skin and other body tissues have the ability to absorb light and convert it into energy.LightStim LED light therapy delivers light energy in a similar way plants absorb light energy from the sun. LightStim emits UV-free, beneficial light rays that energize cells and stimulate the body's natural process to build new proteins and regenerate cells.Each LightStim product uses different wavelengths, or colors, of light. When this beneficial light is applied directly to the skin it helps to increase collagen and elastin production, reduce inflammation, speed healing, increase circulation, and destroy acne bacteria.
What skin tones are best for light therapy?
For these types of light therapy, really any skin type. They are safe for all skin types as long as they are used properly. This isn't like a laser where it would only work properly on certain types of skin, light therapy is pretty universal.
Lasers in general people tend to get scared about, but there's a misconception that light therapy will negatively impact your skin by saturating it with UVA or UVB rays. These are very different rays though and work differently on the skin. The light therapy rays do cause what is called a trauma on the skin, but it is actually good for the skin.
It can be done weekly, there is no harm in it. Some of the at home devices are safe and you can do them every night if you wish.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.788858
Retrieved Text: types of electrical light switches 1 way switch modern home wall light electrical push types double s types of dimmer switches types of electric lamp switches.
types of electrical light switches light switch types type wall light switch socket and switches light switch wiring types types of electrical lamp switches on cord.
types of electrical light switches types of electrical light switches.
types of electrical light switches light switch types cost residential electrical switches 2 way 3 us switche types of electrical lamp switches on cord.
types of electrical light switches rocker light switches for sale online types of electrical lamp switches on cord.
types of electrical light switches light switch types types of toggle switches electrical light switch types types of light switch wiring guide for beginners how to wire a oneway switch.
types of electrical light switches different types of light bulbs eco lighting sustainable lighting energy saving lights types of electrical light switches.
types of electrical light switches the cost effectiveness of when to turn off lights depends on the type of lights and the price of electricity china different types electrical wall switches sockets and light different types electrical wall switches sockets and light switches modern.
types of electrical light switches types of electric lamp switches types of electrical light switches.
types of electrical light switches used in australia new zealand papua new guinea argentina see complete list of countries on the right types of electrical light switches.
types of electrical light switches gold 10 a flush mount plate light switch 2 way screwed satin 1 gang best smart light switch of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.747703
Retrieved Text: 1) What was the trigger? Was it internal or external? Being at a social event, having critical thoughts about my competence 2) What sensations do you feel? Stomach in a knot, muscle tension, light-headed, pain in chest 3) What thoughts are you having? “What if other people notice how anxious I am and judge me? What if my mind goes blank when I’m trying to talk to someone? What if I don’t know what to say?” 4) What is your reaction to the sensations and the thoughts? I remembered that I talked about this happening in therapy, but in the moment I just felt so embarrassed that I couldn’t bear it. The sensations felt out of control and I believed my thoughts. 5) What types of avoidance do you want to engage in? Reassuring myself, getting reassurance from my friend who was there, comparing myself to other people there, leaving the party 6) Did you engage in avoidance/neutralization/compulsions? Yes 7) If yes, what did you do? If no, why didn’t you? I did all of them and it just kept getting worse. The more reassurance I tried to get from myself and my friend, the more anxious I felt. Comparing myself to others made me feel awful too.
1) What was the trigger? Was it internal or external? My mom told me about her friend that was diagnosed with cancer 2) What sensations do you feel? heart beating faster, tightness in chest, short of breath, light-headedness 3) What thoughts are you having? what if I have cancer?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.739646
Retrieved Text: beautiful what are the three main types of resumes or types resumes the different of downloads full thumbnail medium 11 3 types of resumes examples.
what are the three main types of resumes different resume format two 4 basic,4 basic types of resumes main resume what are the you can create,two main types of resumes examples 3 different example resume new photos 4,three basic types of resumes 4 main what are the 3 resume,3 main types of resumes three applicants might create today are beautiful how do you a resume 4 basic,3 different types of resumes main three applicants might create today are the simply hired blog resume cover letter,4 main types of resumes different format fresh type resume some template two what are the you can create,3 types of resumes examples different kinds forms two main resume formats what are the you can create,4 main types of resumes two resume formats three type 3 examples alternative,3 main types of resumes different lovely awesome elegant 4 basic.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Beautiful What Are The Three Main Types Of Resumes Or Types Resumes The Different Of Downloads Full Thumbnail Medium 11 3 Types Of Resumes Examples can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories; you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all..

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.736572
Retrieved Text: This program is for Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts, and other youth clubs and groups. Groups will need to complete the required amount of activities based on their ages to complete the program. This program is designed to help youth groups to increase their awareness and understanding of Deafness. Deafness or Hard of Hearing, is sometimes abbreviated DHH, as it is in this program.
Also, for this age level at least one activity should be done individually and the findings should be shared with the troop.
A-brainstorm what technologies people who are deaf or hard of hearing use. How many can you name? Now learn more about some like hearing aides, cochlear Implants, FM systems, closed captions, lights for sounds and discuss it in your troop.
B - look through the Harris.com catalog online and compare several products from it. Did any surprise you?
C- watch TV with the sound off and the captions on. Are the captions enough to replace the sound for you? Did they seem accurate?
D- research what apps may be helpful to people who are DHH and why. List 3 and compare them.
E-try to design a product that would be useful to people who are DHH. Write a product description or draw a picture of it and explain what it does.
A-try to name famous or historical people who are deaf or hard of hearing. How many can you name? What about any fictional characters?
B-watch a show with at least one actor or character who is Deaf.
C-Read a biography about someone who is DHH.
D-read a fiction book with

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.645153
Retrieved Text: hanging fixtures industrial light bulbs hanging light bulb pendant pendant light fixtures loft vintage lights bulbs hanging fixture wood light fixture hanging fixtures wooden loft style marble candle wood light fixture hanging fixtures wooden loft style marble candle rectangle led pendant reclaimed beam.
hanging fixtures glass pendant light fixture kitchen bar lights industrial lighting over drum hanging fixtures for lowes pe modern glass pendant lighting chromiumplating ceiling light hanging of modern glass pendant lighting chromiumplating ceiling light hanging fixtures.
hanging fixtures hanging woxoyozo two types vintage pendant lights loft umbrella hanging woxoyozo two types vintage pendant lights loft umbrella hanging fixtures lamp luminaria for restaurant bar coffee.
hanging fixtures outdoor linear fluorescent light fixtures hanging fixture led wooden modern pendant ceiling lights uk alabaster lighting chandeliers full size of modern pendant ceiling lights uk alabaster lighting chandeliers crystal chandelier light innovative hanging.
hanging fixtures loft rh vintage pendant lights glass industrial pendant lamps metal retro lustres hanging fixtures ceiling hanging lighting fixtures gallery domestic and imported whimsical with beadwork alabaster or italian gold leaf.
hanging fixtures modern dinner 3d print moon chandelier art designer acrylic living room kitchen restaurant led hanging fixtures what are the different types of hanging fixtures hanging light fixtures should not hamper movement in a room.
hanging fixtures millennium lighting 2171 as mini pendant fixture are hanging fixtures that subtly beautify white pendant light kitchen wonderful hanging fixtures rustic island white pendant light kitchen wonderful hanging fixtures rustic island lights mini for copper pendant lights.
hanging fixtures diy lighting ideas for teen and kids rooms hula hoop diy chandelier

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.593618
Retrieved Text: Pall Mall Cigarettes Online for Australian customers!
Pall Mall - a different experience, guaranteed satisfaction.
People from all over the world know the four most popular types of the Pall Mall cigarettes.
1.Pall Mall Filters - most probably the best-selling variety. These cigarettes have an intense and stimulating taste.
2.Pall Mall Lights - usually preferred by women smokers because of a milder taste and delicate aroma.
3.Pall Mall Ultra Lights - created for smokers who prefer very light cigarettes, but do not want to compromise on taste or flavor.
4.Pall Mall Menthol - most popular menthol cigarettes, suitable for every smoker, but usually preferred by women.
The above mentioned types of the Pall Mall cigarettes are the main ones. There are other types of this cigarette brand that are available in different countries in Europe, Asia, Middle East etc.
1. Rothman's Pall Mall Export - this is a high-end cigarettes brand and this is why it is more expensive. These cigarettes are produced by Rothmans.
2. Pall Mall Ultra Lights 100s - mostly preferred by women smokers because the packs are very stylish and the cigarettes are long and have a mild taste.
3. Pall Mall Silver Famous Superslims - these cigarettes are unique, they have a rather pleasant taste and elegant design.
4. Pall Mall Nanokings Silver - in addition to a compact design, these cigarettes have a wonderful taste.
No matter what Pall Mall cigarettes you choose, you can try each variation and have a new experience that will not disappoint. Order cigarettes online and enjoy great cigarettes at a very cheap price.

================



======= Instance Index 2410 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 




Q: Where is food stored?

 Choices:

- The gall bladder

- The esophagus

- the stomach

- The liver

A:

Target Text: the stomach

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.833773
Retrieved Text: JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — A Jacksonville man is warning others after he found what appeared to be maggots in his dog’s food.
Bradley Terry saw a video on social media of someone else finding what appeared to be maggots in Purina Pro Plan Savor food. Since Bradley gives his dog, Cocoa, the same food, he decided to check it.
First, he noticed small moths inside the sealed, plastic container in which he keeps the food. Then, he broke apart the chunks of meat in the dog food.
Terry reported it to Purina over the phone and on Facebook.
A Purina representative told First Coast News the “worms” are likely Indian Meal Moth larvae.
Terry, who stored Cocoa’s food in a sealed, plastic container, doesn’t buy it.
Terry has since switched Cocoa’s food. He encouraged pet owners to do their research before deciding what to feed their pets.
“Take the time and maybe spend a little extra money and make sure what they’re buying is a good quality product,” he said.
Terry said he notified the Petco near Atlantic and Kernan, where he bought the dog food, about what he found. A store manager told First Coast News staff went to the area where the food was stored, pulled out all the bags to inspect them and didn’t find anything else in those bags.
“We sincerely regret anytime a pet owner has an unsatisfactory experience with our product. This is certainly not a typical experience with our products. We have been in contact with Mr. Terry and as a goodwill gesture, Purina will work with him to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.637995
Retrieved Text: A discussion of pest control legislation covering the set up of a premises along with pest removal; the advantages of using an experienced pest control company.
The catering and hospitality industry is highly regulated in terms of health and safety, and naturally the storing and serving of food falls within this remit with several factors determining food safety such as how and where it’s stored, and effective pest control measures. Various creatures from small insects to larger rodents such as rats can pose a serious threat so sound pest control and prevention is key.
The chief legislation covering food businesses in the EU is Regulation (EC) No 852/2004 on the Hygiene of Foodstuffs, and the catering and hospitality industry is regulated by the (FSA) Food Standards Agency and Environmental Health Office (EHO). The FSA has a useful online guide.
Food contamination – diseases carried by pests can contaminate the food and other areas of the establishment such as food preparation areas.
Physical damage – pests can cause damage not only to stored food products and its packaging but also to other fixtures and fittings of the premises; for example, rats gnawing through cabling and mice making holes in woodwork.
Danger from chemicals – powerful cleaning materials can cause danger by being upended or broken into by pests and causing spillages. Also, the very materials stored to combat pests such as rat poisons pose a danger if improperly stored and used.
A reliable, certified local company is ideal to talk to and such as this company offering Chelmsford pest control services for restaurant

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.429455
Retrieved Text: Check out which four restaurants failed inspections in August.
Below are the establishments that were either inspected due to a complaint, had a follow-up inspection or found to be out of compliance during food safety inspections in August by the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture.
The public is asked to remember any inspection is a "snapshot" of the day and time of the inspection, and may not be representative of the overall, long-term cleanliness of an establishment.
Restaurants are listed in alphabetical order.
6 violations: Observed woks, fryers and other cooking equipment/pans in the production area with encrusted grease and soil accumulation; several foods in the walk in cooler area stored without proper covering; food dispensing utensils in food observed stored in the food, and not with a handle that could be above the top of the food; observed food stored in a manner where levels are too high, creating a potential contamination concern; non-food contact surfaces not cleaned at a frequency to preclude accumulation of dirt and soil; the person-in-charge does not have adequate knowledge of food safety in this food facility, as evidenced by this non-compliant inspection.
1 violation: The food facility does not have a certified employee, as required. An employee has acquired an approved training, but has not completed certification.
4 violations: Observed underside build up of grease encrusted inside the service areas of the fryers; three bay sink drain on center sink has leak and needs repaired; emergency exit door has deterioration holes and needs repair or cover plate; one fryer is in disrepair and placed out of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.332853
Retrieved Text: If it is time to perform a complete kitchen remodeling project, then grab a piece of paper and start to sketch out each of your five work zones. Even if you cannot draw, getting the basics down on paper will help your cabinet maker and installer understand what you have in mind.
The consumable zone is where the food will be stored in your kitchen, and may actually be divided into two different areas. One area is the refrigerator where the cold food is stored while the other area is the pantry where non-perishable food is stored.
This zone is where your cooking gadgets and plates will be stored. The closer it is located to your cleaning zone, the better the results. Think about getting to those items that you will use every day quickly and easily. Additionally, think about how you plan to store items that you will not use very often. Designers know that drawers built for specific items add functionality to any kitchen. If you have a small area to work with, then make sure to maximize the vertical space. After all, most large utensils come with a hole in the handle so that they may be hung easily.
The cleaning zone includes the sink and the dishwasher. Keeping these items centrally located helps to maximize the efficiency in getting dirty dishes to the area and putting them away after they have been washed. Think about convenient storage for your soaps, scrubbers, and other cleaning devices.
This zone should be the largest in your kitchen so that

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.326189
Retrieved Text: The Joint Commission has issued guidance regarding clinical staff having food and drink in the work space. The recent March edition of Perspectives provides several clarification points to help organizations address this persistent challenge.
Clarification 1: Joint Commission standards do not specifically address where staff can have food or drink in work areas.
While The Joint Commission does not mandate where staff can eat or drink, the Leadership (LD) Standard LD.04.01.01 directs that organizations follow licensure requirements, laws, regulations and OSHA’s Standards regarding exposure to Blood Borne Pathogens. OSHA standards are fairly prescriptive that food/drink should not be consumed or stored where exposure or potential exposure to blood or possibly infectious/toxic materials exist or where they may have contaminated work surfaces. What organizations must conduct is contained under the next clarification.
Clarification 2: Health care organizations may determine safe spaces for food and drink that comply with an employer’s evaluation or exposure control plans.
Organizations must, per OSHA guidelines, conduct a risk assessment to determine the areas of potential exposure and ensure staff are made aware of the restrictions of not having food/drink stored or consumed in these locations. Additionally, the risk assessment would provide locations of where food/drink consumption and storage are acceptable. It is important that organizations consider any local laws or health codes as they conduct their risk assessment.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.164633
Retrieved Text: If you plan to trade at a Wagga Wagga event as a food stall vendor, you are required to be registered with Council and obtain the necessary approvals. To register a temporary food stall with Council, please complete and submit the registration form below. Submissions must be made to Council at least 14 days prior to the event or activity for consideration. Please ensure your Food Safety Supervisor Certificate (if required) is available to be uploaded.
It is essential that you comply with the relevant requirements and Temporary Event Guidelines. Click below for useful links to help you understand your legal obligations.
*Please Note: This application does not provide approval to operate on a public footpath. Should you need to carry out activities on a public footpath, a separate application form (Display of Goods) must be lodged with Wagga Wagga City Council.
Failing to comply with the requirements or the selling of foods that do not comply with the requirements may render the food business liable to prosecution. Vendors of foods which cause injury or illness could be sued for damages. A Temporary Event is any occasion which is not permanent in nature where food is provided at no charge or for sale to the consumer. The primary aim of this document is to make food businesses aware of their legal requirements and to suggest ways to assure food safety at the event.
Prior consent of Wagga Wagga City Council is required for the overall event.
Upon satisfactory submission an Approval by Council will be granted.
If you are selling butchers’ meat,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.16309
Retrieved Text: Food: the last frontier of addiction. Tune in to hear more about the mental/psychological processes that go on while fasting. Let’s be honest. Most humans on earth today have an eating disorder – or at least, disjointed, disordered eating. We have little idea where our food is coming from or often what’s in it (think restaurants). Thus, we are left with a disconnection and imbalanced relationship to food. With added chemicals, flavoring agents and concentration of calories in non-natural foods, our brain is simply hard-wired to LOVE the experience of eating. Surely, food is fuel calorically. But on the level of stored energy (think: fat on thighs), stored minerals and nutrients? we are well-prepared to undergo a journey to break our addiction.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.086733
Retrieved Text: 3-14-2019 All food shall be separated and protected from contamination. (113984, 113986, 113988, 113990, 114060, 114067, 114069, 114077, 114079, 114089.1 (c), 114143 (c)) 4.00 Destroy all contaminated food. All food shall be prepared, stored, displayed, dispensed, placed, transported, sold, and served as to be protected from dirt, vermin, unnecessary handling, droplet contamination, overhead leakage, or other contamination.
If unpackaged food is displayed and sold in bulk in other than self-service containers, then it shall be served by an employee of the food establishment directly to a consumer and shall be displayed in clean, sanitary, and covered or otherwise protected containers.
For bulk customer self-service food items, such as salad bars, buffet type foods, and other ready-to-eat food, install sneeze guards that intercept a direct line between the customer's mouth and the food being offered, dispense from approved mechanical dispensers, or employ other effective means to protect ready-to-eat food from contamination.
(1) Contact with a solution of 100 ppm available chlorine solution for at least 30 seconds.
(2) Contact with a solution of 25 ppm available iodine for at least one minute.
(3) Contact with a solution of 200 ppm quaternary ammonium for at least one minute.
(a) Under refrigeration that maintains the food temperature at 41°F or below.
(b) Completely submerged under potable running water for a period not to exceed two hours at a water temperature of 70°F or below, and with sufficient water velocity to agitate and flush off loose particles into the sink drain.
(c) In a microwave oven if immediately followed by immediate preparation.
1-24-2019 Handwashing soap and single use towels

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.913672
Retrieved Text: What is the normal color of Silver Solution?
Is this sustainable in extreme temperatures?
Where is Silver Solution manufactured?
Can stomach acids destroy the silver?
Can Silver Solution be mixed with a food or beverage?
A: Silver Solution has a 3 year shelf life when stored out of direct sunlight.
Q: What is the normal color of Silver Solution?
A: Silver Solution is completely clear in color.
Q: Is this sustainable in extreme temperatures?
A: While Silver Solution may freeze in extreme cold temperatures, the product will sustain its benefits. Since the product is stored in a glass bottle we recommend freezing be avoided as the bottle may burst. Extreme heat and light should be avoided.
Q: Where is Silver Solution manufactured?
A: Silver Solution is manufactured in a GMP approved facility in Texas.
Q: Can stomach acids destroy the silver?
A: There is no risk of stomach acids destroying the silver.
Q: Can Silver Solution be mixed with a food or beverage?
A: We do not recommend mixing the product with food or a beverage as the colloids may bind to the food which can affect the absorption process.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.887319
Retrieved Text: By Chris Williams on October 17, 2011.
Q. Can you explain to me what a grain mite is? Can you see it? Does it bite?
A. Grain mites are just one of several different species of mites that can infest stored food products. These tiny mites feed on a range of food materials ranging from grain, flour, and cereals to dried fruit, sugar, and dry pet food. The group of food mites are sometimes called acarid mites and includes the grain mite, the cheese mite, the mold mite, and others. They pretty much have one thing in common though. They all feed on foods that are damp, and even moldy. The mites feed on both the food material and on mold growing on the food material.
These mites are very difficult to see; they are almost microscopic. Since they are usually noticed only in large numbers, what you see looks like a pile of brown powder…but the pile, made up of hundreds of mites, moves in waves! If you were to look closer, under magnification, you would see that this mite dust is made up of live mites, dead mites, shed skins, and feces. The food material that the mites are in may actually “sweat.” The mite itself has a sweet, minty smell when crushed and imparts that smell to the food. However, infested food has an “off” taste due to mold spores spread by the mites.
Grain mites are probably the most common of the food mites. They are more of a problem in commercial food production where they

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.865336
Retrieved Text: Antojitos Las Catrachas (6026 Dashwood) was closed temporarily after an October 15 visit found six violations, including some paperwork troubles and potentially hazardous foods being stored at an unsafe temperature. The eatery also was not taking measures to minimize rodents and roaches.
Also closed temporarily after an October 13 visit was Taqueria La Finca (11660 Fuqua), where employees did not restrain their hair properly and handled ready-to-eat food without gloves or hand sanitizer. The truck also had paperwork problems and was storing food at an unsafe temperature, among other violations.
Antojitos Las Delicias Guatemala (6375 Skyline) was closed temporarily after an October 13 visit found six violations, including paperwork troubles and some food that was not safe for human consumption, was spoiled, filthy, or was not obtained from an approved source.
An October 11 visit to Tacos Tierra Caliente (5930 Bellaire) left the eatery open but with six violations, including some food not safe for human consumption and some stored at an unsafe temperature.
Taqueria El Rey Del Tacorriendo (3102 Telephone) notched five violations after an October 11 visit found (again) some food not safe for human consumption and some food not stored at a safe temperature.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.659812
Retrieved Text: >>The following Stamford eateries had a poor rating from the Stamford Dept. of Environmental Health & Inspection as of March 25, 2019.
STAMFORD — A chemical bucket holding chicken stock, soiled ice machines and microwaves, Windex stored next to food items and improper cleaning of utensils were some of the infractions found by Stamford’s restaurant inspectors in the last several weeks.
Nine Stamford eateries, cafes and markets inspected since late February had a “poor” grade on the city’s inspections review website as of Monday afternoon. That’s a small percentage of all the businesses listed on the site, the vast majority of which have the highest possible health score.
The most common infractions found in inspection reports were for hand-washing and personal hygiene issues, as well as food temperature.
Recent infractions at poor-performing restaurants included: Windex and polish stored above food items in storage and a spray bottle placed next to uncovered raw chicken at Brasitas on East Main Street; chicken stock placed directly in a chemical bucket at Blackstones Steakhouse on Broad Street; a soiled ice machine and microwave at the Donut Delight on Hope Street; and an employee cleaning silverware with a cloth instead of washing and sanitizing at Quattro Pazzi on Bedford Street.
All of the other aforementioned businesses received passing grades in their previous inspection.
Connecticut uses a point system on a 100-point scale for restaurant inspections. Each infraction deducts points from an establishment’s grade. A “poor” grade results from a score under 80 or a restaurant receiving one or more four-point violations.
A four-point violation is the most serious

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.588562
Retrieved Text: Stored product pests often live within food for human consumption. In order to control insects within food, the food must be removed or destroyed in such a manner that it will not disperse the infestation, or treated in a way that presents no hazards in its end use.
Professional services from Rentokil can help your business with effective management, ensuring minimum disruption to your operation and full compliance with health and safety and any food legislation obligations.
Our management processes focus on 3 principal aspects to ensure the most effective solution to your pest problem. These cover the areas of Prevention, Inspection and Control.
Denying access to these stored product pests entering your premises should be the first line of defence.
High standards of hygiene and sanitation need to be maintained at all times throughout the year particularly in the warmer months when the temperature can expedite the development of stored insect pests.
Temperature control - If possible maintain storage facilities at or below 160 C and R/H at 30% or less.
All stock / food material should be stored off the floor and away from walls to facilitate cleaning and inspections.
Keep raw materials in robust packaging - sufficiently robust and or airtight packaging can prevent infestation in all food facilities , such as food processing plants, warehouses, bakeries, storage areas and domestic premises.
Install tight fitting insect screens or screen doors - ensure that they are maintained in good condition.
Waste management - ensure that a policy of sealed bagging of all waste is in place; that waste skips are cleaned before delivery;

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.586157
Retrieved Text: An independent cooling system ensures that the right temperature and humidity level up to 70% is maintained throughout the fridge (compared to 30% in a conventional TMF), so no matter where food is stored it stays fresh.
Separate airflows in both the fridge and freezer. This prevents unpleasant smells from foods moving between the fridge and freezer, ensuring the original flavor of ingredients stored in the freezer remains odourless.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.573702
Retrieved Text: The Food Safety Authority of Ireland (FSAI) today reported that 8 Closure Orders and 1 Prohibition Order were served on food businesses during the month of September for breaches of food safety legislation, pursuant to the FSAI Act, 1998 and the EC (Official Control of Foodstuffs) Regulations, 2010. The Enforcement Orders were issued by environmental health officers in the Health Service Executive (HSE).
Some of the reasons for the Enforcement Orders in September include: no allergen information available for customers; dead and live crawling insects found on the premises; a live rat emanating from the drain when the tap at the kitchen sink was switched on; no wash hand basin in raw meat preparation area; food preparation in a storage shed; dirt and black mould engrained on chopping boards and preparation block; no pest-proofing system in place; a foul odour emanating from the drain servicing the dishwasher; rust, mould and dirt on the ice machine; foods stored in dirty containers with accumulations of old food debris and dirt; food stored beyond their use-by dates; a build-up of food debris under floor mats; open bags of ready-to-eat salad being stored on the floor; four flies observed in dough mixture; numerous flies and crawling insects observed on surfaces and bakery equipment.
Commenting today, Dr. Pamela Byrne, Chief Executive, FSAI emphasised that food businesses owners must ensure that training their staff in food safety and hygiene is their highest priority.
“Closure Orders and Prohibition Orders are served on food businesses only when a serious risk to consumer health has been identified or

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.566922
Retrieved Text: A well-organised fridge is vital for food safety and will also help you minimise food wastage. But where do you start? Luckily,the Good Housekeeping Cookery Team has produced a guide to help you get the most out of your refrigerator and to keep your food fresher for longer.
Set your fridge to a temperature between 1°C and 4°C so your food is maintained at 5°C or lower. And never put hot food into the fridge, as it will cause the overall temperature to rise and can lead to food poisioning and unnecessary food spoilage.
How should foods be stored?
Once opened, jars of condiments, jams and jellies should be kept in the fridge. Cooked foods should be suitably covered while raw meat and fish should be well covered and sealed.
Foods that don't need cooking, such as deli meats and leftovers.
The lower and middle shelves?
Vegetables, salads and fruit should be stored in their original packaging in the salad drawer where they will be enclosed. This is also a good place to store herbs, as they can't get frozen to the back of the fridge.
5. Butter and soft cheeses don't need to be in the coldest part of the fridge – so while we recommend dairy on the middle shelf, the door shelves for softer dairy is okay.
7. Keep certain fruit and veg items out of the fridge, as 'gas releasers' such as avocados, bananas, nectarines, peaches, pears, plums and tomatoes can make some veggies spoil prematurely.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.526114
Retrieved Text: A food and beverage studies degree is an excellent basis for a career where you are responsible for the preparation, preservation and serving of food and drink to individuals. This covers the spectrum of food and drink groups, cooking techniques and methods, serving styles, as well as the management of premises and facilities where these acts take place to ensure they meet high standards and do not result in illness. Food and beverage graduates can apply this knowledge to careers in the hospitality and service industry where elements such as menu creation come into play. However graduates can also take on roles which are slightly more “behind-the-scenes” and further up the chain, ensuring that ingredients are sourced, stored and prepared properly.
Food and beverage studies graduates are equipped to work in hands-on roles as catering and service staff in restaurants, hotels, bars and other places where food and drink is prepared and served to customers. However with the knowledge they gain in this field, they can also move into management positions, overseeing those carrying out these roles and the premises as a whole. Graduates should therefore look to career opportunities in large cities or resorts which attract clientele for both business and pleasure. These can even be further away from home, providing acclaimed international experience and the opportunity to see the world. It’s worth researching areas which are emerging as new hotspots for tourism to identify career prospects.
A food and beverage studies degree provides students with an in-depth understanding of how food and drink should be sourced,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.393322
Retrieved Text: Most tenants are faced with a hiccup of eliminating rodents that attack their homes owing to the destructive nature that the rodents pose on their property. Rodents are always in search for cool and warm places to make their nets and thus prefer homes since they provide such conditions. Besides being destructive they also pose a great danger to our health in case we consume their wastes on in case they bite you. It is thus a good idea to deal with the rodents the moment you spot them within your home hiring the best pest extermination companies within your locality.
The most common ways of dealing with rodents is through poisoning them which is not very safe since it can expose to your poisonous substances as well, this method should therefore be discouraged as much as possible and we adopt the safe ways of removing rodent.
If it happened that your home has been attacked by rodents, then you ought to consider the following safer ways of exterminating them from your home.
Rodents will only stay where there is food that they can feed on and reproduce and thus you should ensure that you store all you food in a safe and enclosed places where rodents cannot access them. In most cases, they like eating grains which are stored and this implies that the grains ought to be stored in strong bags and stored in a room that rodents cannot break into.
Rodents like staying in filthy serene where they can get food and water. You should ensure that

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.361121
Retrieved Text: not have a power cable(mounted).
• not modify or extend the power cable.
be shut off when the circuit breaker is operated.
appliance door. The door may bump the child and cause injury.
touch it with wet hands, as this may result in injury.
• not damage the refrigerant circuit.
••Install the appliance on a solid and flat area.
plug from the socket outlet.
appliance at a temperature exceeding the limit.
may result in death, fire or electric shock.
pulling it in both directions.
of it toward the outside edge of the cabinet.
pipe to be completely pulled out.
bottom and rear top side of the appliance.
water tap to the appliance.
the way in (approx. 10-12 mm).
the remainder of the water tube.
To set the freezer and fridge temperatures.
The InstaView Door in Door compartment allows for easy access to commonly used food items.
This is where frozen foods such as meat, fish, and ice cream can be stored.
• The top shelf of the freezer(1) will reach the set temperature the most quickly.
This is where drinks tall bottles or containers are stored.
• This function reduces and removes odors inside the fridge compartment.
This is where small packages of refrigerated foods are stored.
This sensor senses the temperature of the fridge compartment.
• Maintain the distance between the sensor and food to accurately sense the temperature.
• The actual number of drawers will differ from model to model.
This is where eggs are stored.
ice bin or place it on the shelf on top of the fridge or the vegetable drawer.
••Users should keep in mind that frost can form.
set to -19 °C or colder.
or wrap the stored food in several

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.331405
Retrieved Text: I hold a Level 2 Award in Food Safety for Catering.
I am a fully registered cake maker. My premises have been checked and cleared by Environmental Health for the purpose of my business. My Food Hygiene Rating is a ’5′ which is the highest rating and classed as ‘very good’.
I always use good quality ingredients which are stored correctly and frequently checked for use by dates.
Orders are supplied with ‘eat me by’ dates, allergen advice, and storage instructions.
My products are baked in a kitchen where nuts are stored and used so I cannot guarantee anything that I bake would be suitable for anyone who has a severe nut allergy.
I try and keep colourings to a minimum where possible but if you want a colourful cake there are going to be E numbers in the sponge, icing and toppers.
Special Dietary Cakes - I also make gluten free, dairy free and egg free cakes, cupcakes and french macarons. Please contact me should you wish to discuss a ‘free from’ order.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.331363
Retrieved Text: For the period ending March 28. To file a complaint, call the state Environment Department at 827-1840. Most of the noted violations were corrected during inspection.
BLACK BIRD, 28 Main St. Cerrillos. Cited for sinks not sealed to the wall.
BURRITO FAMILIAR, 3908 Los Milagros. Cited for no soap at hand sink, lack of sanitation bucket.
CANYON VISTA COOKING, 134 Rufina Circle. Cited for light that could be seen around back door.
CREPAS OH!, 1382 Vegas Verdes Drive. Cited for food items stored on floor.
DR. FIELD GOODS, 2960 Cerrillos Road. Cited for lack of thermometers in walk-in cooler, no sanitizer in kitchen area, utensils not used properly, lack of protection for light fixtures, particle accumulation on ceiling, walls and floor.
DUMPLINGS TEA, 66 E. San Francisco St. Approved for permit.
EDIBLE ALCHEMY, 815b Early St. Cited for dish machine not working.
JAMBO HAPA, 2010 Cerrillos Road. No violations.
KAFFEE HAUS, 1599 St. Francis Drive. Cited for strong mixture in sanitizer bucket.
KAUNE’S FOOD TOWN, 511 Old Santa Fe Trail. Meat market cited for no paper towels at hand sink, food in cooler not dated, lack of thermometer in walk-in cooler and fish and sausage display, particle buildup on nonfood contact surface, sink joint seal needs replacing. Grocery cited for inaccurate thermometers, no thermometer in salad cooler or upright refrigerator.
LOS POTRILLOS, 1947 Cerrillos Road. Cited for problem with restroom receptacle.
MARISCOS LA PLAYA, 537 W. Cordova. Cited for floor drains clogged, gap in rear door, wet and greasy kitchen floor, problems with hand sink, poor lighting in storage and food prep areas, problems with cutting board.
MR. POLISH

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.2329445
Retrieved Text: This week we are celebrating food and relationships and talking about our relationship with food. Right now in my corner of the world in northern Wisconsin we are smack in the middle of a what was traditionally known as the Hungry Gap— where the stored food from the harvest is running out if not gone, the root cellar is getting thin, and the new greens and spring growth hasn’t started yet.
We’re craving fresh nourishment after a long winter.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.205659
Retrieved Text: Although I am sure the question of where we store our dog's food is likely not weighing on your mind, for me, it was a cause for concern when contemplating life on a boat. After all, dog food is big and bulky--two words you don't want describing anything being stored aboard a boat. I worried that accommodating Moishe's food would result in a huge, ugly bag of dog food sitting in the middle of our salon, spewing greasy little dog-food crumbs all over my precious rya rug.
Thankfully, we have this step.
Window Treatments on a Boat?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.174147
Retrieved Text: FREDS TEXAS TCU was inspected by the City of Fort Worth on April 5, 2018.
The “Restaurant” at FREDS TEXAS TCU was inspected on April 5, 2018.
-3 points Food Contact Surfaces & Returnables Food contact surface is not clean to sight or touch was not cleaned before use or storage. The pour spouts on the tea urns need to be taken apart and cleaned.
-1 point Environmental Contamination Food is not properly stored or is stored in prohibited areas.
-1 point Garbage & Refuse properly disposed; facilities maintained Refuse receptacles/compactor and enclosure not clean and/or free of unnecessary items and litter. The dumpster was overflowing.
-1 point Other Violations Certfied food manager certificate not posted in a conspicuous location.
FREDS TEXAS TCU was inspected by the City of Fort Worth on Dec. 5, 2017.
The “Restaurant” at FREDS TEXAS TCU was inspected on Dec. 5, 2017.
FREDS TEXAS TCU was inspected by the City of Fort Worth on Oct. 27, 2017.
The “Restaurant” at FREDS TEXAS TCU was inspected on Oct. 27, 2017.
-2 points Adequate handwashing facilities: Accessible & supplied, used Handwashing Facilities-Inadequate Hand Cleaning Material/Inadequate Hand Drying Provisions Paper towels are not available at the front handwashing sink.
-2 points PIC, demonstration of knowledge, perfrom dutied, & CFM Certified food protection manager not employed by facility or available, FW card not available. Food manager card has not been converted to City of Fort Worth card.
FREDS TEXAS TCU was inspected by the City of Fort Worth on June 26, 2017.
The “Restaurant” at FREDS TEXAS TCU was inspected on June 26, 2017.
After 15 points were deducted

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.159782
Retrieved Text: Pro Tip: "I would have never thought Gentrol Point Source would work until I tried it on a bad german roach problem."
Gentrol Point Source is a special device that contains the Gentrol Insect Growth Regulator (IGR) hydroprene for 90-day control of roaches and other stored product pests.Gentrol Point Source covers 75 square feet .A ctivating Gentrol Point Source is as simple as squeezing the raised end of the plastic, adhesive-back device, releasing the Gentrol IGR onto a filter paper.
Reduces Roach and Stored Product Pest Populations in a way conventional Insecticides can not.
*No need to vacate areas during treatment. *Low toxicity.
A cockroach/stored product pest(red, confused flour, and merchant beetles) device that prevents roach reproduction by releasing the Gentrol insect growth regulator (IGR) into a treatment area.
Plastic disks, that when squeezing the raised end of the device-penetrates 75 sq. ft. ,breaking the growth cycle-lasts 3 months. That way, pre-adult stored product pests never need to come in contact with the device. See Figure A.
Activating Gentrol Point Source is as simple as squeezing the raised end of the plastic, adhesive-back device. This releases Gentrol IGR onto a filter paper.Once in place gentrol will move into a 75 foot area and last 90 days.
I would have never thought Gentrol Point Source would work until I tried it on a bad german roach problem.
Gentrol Point Source can be used in buildings and modes of transportation. Permitted sites of application include restaurants, homes, hotels, kitchens, laboratories, apartment buildings, day care centers, machinery, equipment, greenhouses, hospitals, mausoleums, nursing homes, office buildings, schools and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.128924
Retrieved Text: Flies feed by vomiting saliva on to food, treading it in and sucking up the liquid created. By doing this, the food is contaminated with bacteria from the fly’s stomach and feet. This may pass on food poisoning, dysentery, typhoid or cholera. The flies may also carry the eggs of parasitic worms.
You can control the flies through good hygiene, keeping food sealed and protected.
There are various suitable insecticide treatments that can be used to compliment a thorough hygiene regime where foods are prepared and stored for human consumption.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.122423
Retrieved Text: (Critical) I found ham lunch meat and hamburger at temperatures between 47-53 degrees f. As discussed, the prep table is not maintaining a temperature of 41 degrees f. Or below, as is required for safe cold holding of potentially hazardous food (phf). A service tech was contacted at the time of inspection. In the meantime, do not store phf, in this unit, until it is maintaining a constant temperature of 41 degrees f. Or below. The phf, stored in the prep table, at the time of inspection was discarded. A follow-up inspection will be made to ensure that this critical violation is corrected.
(Critical) I found three badly dented cans stored on the ready to use shelves. As discussed, never place badly damaged cans into service, they can be very unsafe. Canned goods must be inspected for damage before they are placed into stock. If there is damage on the seam, in the body or on an end, of a can, never use it. Discard the can or return it for a credit. Corrected at the time of inspection. The dented cans have been discarded.
The ice scoop was laying in or on top of the ice, in several ice bins in the restaurant. As discussed, store it with the handle extending out of the ice.
Food thermometers were not available in food prep areas. As discussed, food thermometers must always be available for use in food prep areas. Use the thermometers to check food holding temperatures.
(Critical) I found that a large container of spinach dip is not date-marked.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.072857
Retrieved Text: Question: How long can candied fruit be safely stored and where should it be kept? For now I have it in the refrigerator. Can I safely use it next Christmas?
Answer: According to a spokesperson at the Ultimate Nut & Candy Co., if the fruit is placed in a closed plastic bag and stored in a cool place, such as the bottom of your refrigerator, it should retain its quality for a year. So it sounds like you're on the right track.
Q: Some friends and I have been wondering how long food keeps. In particular, we are wondering how long one can keep: dried foods such as spaghetti, spaghetti sauce and gelatin; spices; unopened and opened bottles of liquor?
A: "The Food Keeper," a pamphlet from Food Marketing Institute developed in cooperation with the Institute of Food Science of Cornell University, says spaghetti may be kept as long as two years in the pantry; unopened spaghetti sauce for one year in the pantry, and gelatin 18 months in the pantry.
The pamphlet recommends storing spices and herbs in the pantry, but also notes they may be refrigerated or frozen. Whole spices may be stored one to two years; ground spices and herbs, six months.
As for unopened bottles of liquor, Lynne Strange of the Distilled Spirits Council of the U.S. Inc. tells us, broadly speaking, they may be stored indefinitely. Even after opening, most liquor bottles, if properly sealed after each use, may be stored practically indefinitely. Possible exceptions are liqueurs that contain dairy products--it might be advisable to store

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.041737
Retrieved Text: Everywhere you look you&apos;ll spot a takeaway or restaurant but whether you go in or not is another matter.
Reviews are often the go to option when it comes to deciding on where to eat but looking at the food hygiene ratings of the establishments may also be a good thing to check out too.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) is required by law to give a hygiene rating of up to five to all places where food is supplied, sold or consumed.
The ratings, where five is the best and zero in indicates that urgent improvement is required, looks at everything from how food is stored and the handling of food to the cleanliness of the facilities but is not a guide to food quality.
The food hygiene rating scheme also doesn&apos;t provide information on customer service, culinary skill, presentation and comfort which is where you&apos;ll find reviews elsewhere come in handy.
But what do the inspectors look for?
When they attend a business, they&apos;ll check how hygienically the food is handles, the physical condition of the business and how it manages ways of keeping food safe.
Below you can use the interactive widget to look at the best and worst FSA hygiene rating for takeaways and restaurants where you live by entering your postcode.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.016326
Retrieved Text: If you are thinking of setting up a food business, there is a lot to consider before you can serve your first customer.
These basic requirements are the same for all businesses, whether they are large manufacturing plants, mobile food vans or a small caterer working from home.
The law says that any premises used for a food business must be registered. You must register with the environmental health team in the district where your business is based at least 28 days before opening up. For mobile food vendors this will be the authority where your vehicle is stored.
Apply to register a food business.
Rooms must be kept clean. Walls, floors and surfaces must be smooth and water resistant.
For home caterers, the leaflet running a food business from home may give you some pointers on structural requirements.
You may find the booklet starting up - your first steps to running a catering business a good place to begin.

================



======= Instance Index 8279 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Cells are the tiny building blocks of living things. They couldn’t be discovered until the microscope was invented. The discovery of cells led to the cell theory. This is one of the most important theories in life science.


Q: What are all living things made of?

 Choices:

- proteins

- cells

- muscles

- water

A:

Target Text: cells

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.949795
Retrieved Text: You are made of cells. Cells are the basic units of structure and function in living things. This means that cells form the parts of an organism and carry out all of an organism’s processes, or functions.
Cells and Structure: When you describe the structure of an object, you describe what it is made of and how its parts are put together. The structures of many buildings, for example, are determined by the way in which bricks, steel beams, and other materials are arranged. The structures of living things are determined by the amazing variety of ways in which cells are put together. A tall tree, for example, consists of cells arranged to form a high trunk and leafy branches. A red newt’s cells form a body with a head and four legs.
Cells and Function: An organism’s functions are the processes that enable it to stay alive and reproduce. Some functions in organisms include obtaining oxygen, getting rid of wastes, obtaining food, and growing. Cells are involved in all these functions. For example, cells in your digestive system absorb food. The food provides your body with energy and materials needed for growth.
One square centimeter of your skin’s surface contains more than 100,000 cells. But no matter how closely you look with your eyes alone, you won’t be able to see individual skin cells. That is because, like most cells, those of your skin are very small. Until the late 1600s, no one knew cells existed because there was no way to see them.
Development of the Cell theory:Many

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.5897
Retrieved Text: 10 things I have learned from living a long time.
Experience is a wonderful thing. It enables you to recognize a mistake when you've just made it again.
Nothing is foolproof.............to a sufficiently talented fool.
Comments for 10 things I have learned from living a long time.
So yeah it's all good stuff what you've learnt but, really, your '10 things I have learned from living a long time' sound more like '10 quotes I read somewhere that are kinda clever'.
So come back, and tell us what *you* learnt from life, not what you read, eh!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.515884
Retrieved Text: Through education and exposure to the unique circumstances, elements, and people that came together to produce this thing called hot rodding, we hope to spread the word that what was first thought to be a delinquent's form of rebellion has ultimately shaped our society much for the better. Such things as technology, music, and fashion, have all been effected by this movement, and the innovations made by these "kids" are things we all use everyday in our lives and especially our daily transportation.
Our Story is a Living Thing!
The American Hot Rod Foundation is made up of hot rodders and land speed racers who want everyone to experience and enjoy real hot rodding as we do. Fortunately for all of us, there are more great events popping up every day celebrating traditional hot rodding. We will not only cover and discuss these events but will be involved in many of them as well. We feel it is important that this tradition be a living thing and that early hot rod technology be used and demonstrated in ways similar to what our original hot rod pioneers experienced. Check in with us often for our coverage of all things "living" in the world of old school hot rodding!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.387548
Retrieved Text: What is a living thing? Living things are made of cells. They need food, air, water and a place to live. And they grow, reproduce and respond to their environment. Living Things encourages children to explore the characteristics and basic needs of living things.
Children age five to nine will learn by doing with these 13 hands-on science activities. They grow plants with tattoos to find out about photosynthesis. They turn kitchen utensils into beaks and discover why birds eat what they do. They also raise insects to study metamorphosis and life cycles, create a mini-habitat out of a pop bottle, start a flower collection, and more. All activities are safe and require only easy-to-find equipment and minimal supervision.
Clear explanations and a special page for parents and teachers provide information to help you answer kids’ challenging questions.
You can order this title from your local bookstore.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.692624
Retrieved Text: HEARTLIGHT ® Magazine: Making Life Work for Your Family: "Living vs. Life"
Are you making a living? Or are you making a life?
Making a living is not a bad thing to do. In fact, were told in the Bible to provide for our own. God made us for work. He gave us muscles and sinew and a mind, and he gave us work to do that would improve things and help others, especially our families.
Making a living is what we get, but making a life is determined by what we give. Its only when we spend our life giving  giving our time, our money, our energy, giving our service  thats when we really learn what lifes all about.
Just open the pages of the New Testament and read the first four books. They are all different accounts of the same person, Jesus Christ, who came and gave completely for us.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.681908
Retrieved Text: What is a virus? Is it even a living organism?
This alien-looking thing is a virus. But is it prokaryotic or eukaryotic? Or neither? Or both? A virus is essentially genetic material surrounded by protein. That's it. So, is a virus prokaryotic or eukaryotic? Or neither? Or both?
Viruses, like the one depicted in Figure below, are tiny particles that may cause disease. Human diseases caused by viruses include the common cold and flu. Do you think viruses are prokaryotes or eukaryotes? The answer may surprise you. Viruses are not cells at all, so they are neither prokaryotes nor eukaryotes.
Cartoon of a flu virus. The flu virus is a tiny particle that may cause illness in humans. What is a virus? Is it a cell? Is it even alive?
Viruses contain DNA but not much else. They lack the other parts shared by all cells, including a plasma membrane, cytoplasm, and ribosomes. Therefore, viruses are not cells, but are they alive? All living things not only have cells; they are also capable of reproduction. Viruses cannot reproduce by themselves. Instead, they infect living hosts, and use the hosts’ cells to make copies of their own DNA. Viruses also do not have their own metabolism or maintain homeostasis. For these reasons, most scientists do not consider viruses to be living things.
An overview of viruses can be seen at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0h5Jd7sgQWY(23:17).
Viruses are neither prokaryotic or eukaryotic.
Viruses are not made of cells. Viruses cannot replicate on their own.
Most scientists do not consider viruses to be living.
Why are viruses considered parasites?
Describe the outside covering

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.679761
Retrieved Text: What are the chemical processes that happen inside all living things? And what do they tell us about the baffling complexity of life? Welcome to the fascinating world of biochemistry. This degree includes the option to change your specialism in your second year.
The basic principle of biochemistry is that the processes of living things are ultimately explicable in terms of the properties and interactions of the molecules from which they are made. Biochemists study such processes in all types of organisms - and how errors in these processes can cause disease. This leads to a broad understanding of fundamental biological processes, the development of analytical skills and experience in handling complex information.
At the University of Leicester, our Biological Sciences degrees are actually seven degrees in one. You can apply for this degree in Biological Sciences (Biochemistry) or any of the five specialist degrees listed below - or a general degree in Biological Sciences.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.513963
Retrieved Text: Assorted type of living beings are found in various sorts of living spaces like sea, freshwater bodies, backwoods, cool mountains, deserts, warm water springs and so on. This makes us think what is life? To find the answer for this a differentiation on living and the non-living beings is required.
Cellular association: living things are made out of single cell (unicellular living beings) or numerous cells (multicellular living beings) which take up with each other to perform essential elements of the body.
Response to stimuli: every single living thing can adapt and react to any adjustment in nature.
Reproduction: living things recreate either sexually or asexually to create offsprings of their own type.
Growth: every single living thing develops, matures and ages and then dies.
Metabolism: living things require vitality to complete their fundamental life forms.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.507343
Retrieved Text: Do you know that you have great value to God? You are not an accident, no matter what your parents made have told you. You were and are part of God's wonderful plan. You were conceived in God's mind before you were every conceived in your mother's womb. He formed you and made you into the unique person that you are. Your DNA is unlike any other person's DNA. Your fingerprints are yours alone. There's not another set like them. God thinks you're a good idea. A VERY good idea. Because you were His idea. And He doesn't make mistakes. No matter what others may think of you or what you think of yourself, God loves you and He wants you to know that He loves you. Every day that you live and breathe is according to His will. "Do you remember how the Bible tells us that God first made man? All the rest of His creation - including all living things - came into existence in the same way: He simply spoke them into being. But when it came to making man, God did something utterly unique. He purposed to create beings who were made in His own "image" - beings who were like Himself in a way that was unique among all His other creations. And the Bible reveals to us that He "formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living being" (Genesis 2:7). When He made woman, He

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.461041
Retrieved Text: Students take a fresh look at water and examine its critical importance to the well-being of all living creatures. Student pages are provided in English and in Spanish.
The Science of Water Teacher's Guide contains science lessons that enable students to explore water, behavior of molecules, the water cycle, how we use water, that living things are made mostly of water, how water is taken in and released from the body, what a one part per million solution is, separation techniques, and non-point source water pollution. This guide provides the following inquiry-based activities.
What Makes Water Special? - Water molecules act like tiny magnets.
What Dissolves in Water? - Some materials dissolve completely in water. Some do not.
What Is the Water Cycle? - Water circulates among three states in the water cycle.
How Do We Use Water? - Some uses of water are impotant for health; other uses are non-essential.
How Much Water Is in a Fruit? - Living things are made mostly of water.
How Much Water Do Humans Need? - Our bodies take in and release water.
What Is a One Part Per Million Solution? - Water contains different tiny materials that we cannot see.
How Can We Find Out What Is in Water? - Separation techniques detect different materials in water.
Can Nutrients in Water Cause Harm? - Non-point source pollution is a threat to water resources.
The guide also is designed to be used with integrated components of the Water unit: Mystery of the Muddled Marsh (storybook), Water: Explorations (student magazine), and two supplements, The Reading Link and The Math Link (language

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.432358
Retrieved Text: The world consists of both living and non living things. Any object that does not possess “Life” or living characteristics is a non living thing. A living cell is made up of a number of organic and inorganic chemical substances that are themselves nonliving, yet when present in the living body become vital constituents.
The most important characteristic of nonliving things is the absence of protoplasm, the fundamental basis of life. For example, cells are absent in stones or any non living things.
Due to the absence of protoplasm, no metabolic activities are possible in the nonliving things.
The structural organization like tissue, organ or system is never found in nonliving things.
The nonliving things usually do not have any definite form or size of their own. Liquids assume the shape of the container. A liquid like water when heated changes into the gaseous state or can be even frozen into the solid state and thus it has no definite form.
The movement, if observed, is never automatic but occurs under any other external influence.
Another Characteristics of Non-living things is that growth occurs by accretion, i.e. by addition of materials from outside. For example a crystal in a solution or a snowball may grow larger in size due to the accumulation of particles of its own unit on the outer surface of the original body.
The absence of nutrition, excretion, respiration, reproduction, irritability and adaptation are the characteristics of nonliving things.
The unlimited duration of existence or immortality is a vital characteristic of nonliving things.
All non living matters on the earth can be

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.429242
Retrieved Text: Living things are made of matter. In fact, matter is the “stuff” of which all things are made.
How do elements combine to form everything that we have -- living and nonliving -- here on earth?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.359247
Retrieved Text: The world is constantly changing every day, and contrary to what people think, evolution is still going on, even though it is at a much slower rate than it did a couple of millennials ago. Scientists, as is expected, are taking great advantage of this as it provides a way for them to invent robots that resemble living organisms, and use robotics to assist the already existing living organisms.
Bio robotics is the field of robotics that involves the combination of biological organisms and robots. In simple terms, scientists use their knowledge of biological processes in living organisms and try to use this knowledge in the development of robots which are more like living things rather than what we all think of them to be, that is machines.
With the help of biology, scientists improve the way a robot moves, that is robotic locomotion, and it also helps in artificial intelligence of the robot. But bio robotics does not just stop there, it can be turned around in the sense that scientists also use robotic engineering to help in the modification of living organisms, and therefore their biological characteristics.
Some scientists have gone ahead to refer to bio robotics as a form of creation, as there are studies going on that aim at looking into the creation of actual living organisms from matter that is non-living. This is one of the main reasons why bio robotics is also often referred to as bio nanotechnology and even synthetic biology.
How does bio robotics work?
Bio robotics is such a wide field of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.248973
Retrieved Text: Living Science Solutions for Class 8 Science Chapter 8 Cell Structure And Functions are provided here with simple step-by-step explanations. These solutions for Cell Structure And Functions are extremely popular among class 8 students for Science Cell Structure And Functions Solutions come handy for quickly completing your homework and preparing for exams. All questions and answers from the Living Science Book of class 8 Science Chapter 8 are provided here for you for free. You will also love the ad-free experience on Meritnation’s Living Science Solutions. All Living Science Solutions for class 8 Science are prepared by experts and are 100% accurate.
Which of these is multicellular?
Multicellular means made of more than one cells. Mushroom is a multicellular organism. All the other organisms mentioned here, are unicellular.
The egg of a hen is a cell. It divides repeatedly and differentiates into various tissues to develop into a chicken.
Which of these is not present in an animal cell?
In an animal cell, chloroplasts are not present. Chloroplasts are present in green plants and serve as the sites of photosynthesis in plants.
Which of these is the control centre of the cell?
The control centre of the cell is nucleus. The nucleus contains chromosomes, which divide during cell division.
Which organelles are responsible for energy production in a cell?
Mitochondria is responsible for energy production in a cell.
Which of these is not stated by the cell theory?
(a) Cells are the basic structural units of living organisms.
(b) All cells are identical.
(c) New cells are formed due to division in old cells.
(d) The way an organism functions

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.228163
Retrieved Text: The over consumption by a minority of the world's population is a real issue. Fast-fashion, and cheaply made disposable purchases are pushing our planetary boundaries to their limits and negatively affecting us all.
Yet, our economic systems are based on consumption. Shopping is not evil, but we can cast our vote for the world we want by choosing what we buy and how we live.
Currently, most homes in the west are overflowing with things that are rarely used, produced by people who are are living on the equivalent of two dollars a day, or less. This means the majority of the people in the world are unable to adequately earn a living wage or provide for their families basic needs, while we unconsciously consume and dispose of things without knowing how or where they were made.
Meanwhile, instead of being happier with our increased choices, we in the west, are often overwhelmed by the number of micro-choices we have to make every day.
Research shows that by removing the excess clutter from our lives we're actually much happier, have more mental energy, and are better able to make good decisions on important matters. Decluttering our homes not only helps us live more stress-free, but gives us the mental space to be present with the people we love and avoid instant gratification choices like stress shopping, or eating unhealthy foods.
As we pare down to the essentials, we start to care more about the quality of the item; where it's made and who made it, and at the impact it has

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.213479
Retrieved Text: DOWNLOAD (right click to save linked file): TWTS – Episode Episode 49 – The Purpose of Happiness?
Happiness seems like such an undefinable, inexplicable, unknown thing sometimes. We all know about the simple things that make all of us living things “feel good” that involve the body getting some sort of food, or water, or warmth which it needs to function well. But beyond that, why do some humans get all tingly when they hear someone whispering in their ear, and other humans don’t? And why is it so addictive for some people to gamble?
And why is life still worth living when there are so many depressing things out there?
Because life is, at it’s core, made to expand and grow. The algorithm of life is one for generating new life, and pretty much nothing else. Without that purpose in life, it would not continue to exist. And one way it does that is by having the super complex human brain reward itself for doing certain things.
What sort of things make YOU happy depend entirely on a complex combination of your genes and your environment, but the one thing that is always true, is that the things that make you happy, that aren’t actively harming anyone (non-consensually), are the things that the universe probably needs you to do more of.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.173314
Retrieved Text: Do you ever feel resentful because you’re living someone else’s dreams instead of your own?
Are many of the actions you take on a daily basis dictated by what you think will make other people happy?
If you answered “yes” to any of these questions, I feel your pain. I’ve been there, and I’ve done that. In fact, I find myself answering “yes” to each of these questions more often than I want.
I want to stop living someone else’s dreams. I want to start living mine. Want to join me?
1. Living from the heart.
You know that obsession with wondering what others are thinking about us? Well, that’s called living in our heads, not our hearts. We have brilliant minds, but the depth and reach of our hearts is infinitely greater.
Living from our hearts is way more satisfying than spending our days overthinking life.
We know we are living from our hearts when we are present in each moment. We are in the moment when we are doing things like laughing, singing or losing track of time all because we are involved in something we love. When we are living from our hearts, we are bursting at the seams with gratitude for the tiniest things.
Examples of simple things to be thankful for?
The birds chirping their songs every morning. The ability to take a hot shower each day. A good night’s rest. A hug from someone we love.
Let’s start doing those things which bring us joy every day.
Let’s start living from our hearts.
2. Say “yes” to ourselves by saying “no” to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.15735
Retrieved Text: 2. What is the difference between a: control variable, independent variable and dependent variable?
a. Control Variable – The “normal” sample.
b. Independent Variable – the ONE variable in an experiment that is changed.
c. Dependent Variable – the results of the experiment.
3. Give an example of quantitative data/qualitative data.
a. Quantitative Data – involves numbers. There are 25 students in class.
b. Qualitative Data – involves descriptions. Mrs. Reed has on a White Shirt.
5. List characteristics of living things.
b. All living things require ENERGY.
i. Stimulus – change in the environment.
d. All living things reproduce.
e. All living things contain DNA.
f. All living thing GROW and DEVELOP.
i. Growth – increase in size.
6. What is homeostasis? Internal balance in living things.
7. What is metabolism? All the chemical processes that happen in an organism.
better survive and therefore, evolve.
a. Hypothesis – A proposed answer to a scientific question.
is supported by a wide range of evidence.
c. Observation – Using your five senses to collect information about the world around you.
13. How are stimulus and response related? Provide and example of this relationship.
c. Ex: When hot, you sweat, when cold you shiver.
1. List the levels of Ecological organization from most specific to broadest.
3. Give examples of Biotic and Abiotic factors in an environment.
4. What is the difference between habitat and niche?
a. Habitat – where an organism lives.
5. Define symbiosis. Interactions between living things where at least one organism benefits.
a. Describe the 3 types of symbiosis.
b. Give examples of each.
i. Mutualism – bees and flowers, hippos and birds.
ii. Commensalism – Eagle living in a tree.
6. Define and give

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.156353
Retrieved Text: i! We're a family of 4. Two of us (the parents) grew up in Texas, and the other two (the kids) were born in Germany, where we've all lived since 2012. It's been an adventure living overseas, and we are always discovering new things to explore around here - things to do, things to know, and places to go. This blog started out to chronicle our travels (mostly so we wouldn't forget all the lovely memories we've made here), and has evolved to include our activities since adding more people to the family. Enjoy browsing around, we're so glad you're here!
About me: Hi! I'm an American living abroad in Germany. Originally from Texas, I've lived in California, DC, Virginia, and now -- beautiful Mainz. I've enjoyed learning about managing the day-to-day of life over here (shopping, eating out, etc) as well as the adventures that are possible with Frankfurt airport and Mainz central train station as our home bases. And I'm excited to share what I've learned(and make sure I don't forget these wonderful memories).
Is School Choice Killing our Community?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.046867
Retrieved Text: The three fundamental propositions of classical cell theory are that the cell is the most basic unit of life, all life is made up of cells and cells are formed only by other cells. Each tenet of this theory is important to understanding the way living things function on every level.
The first proposition, that the cell is the most basic component of living things, can be observed directly. Single-celled organisms are well known and may comprise the bulk of Earth's living biomass. Any unit, such as a tissue, that can be broken down still further cannot be regarded as basic. Units more simple than a cell, however, cannot truly be said to be alive. A cell's organelles, for example, function only in the context of their cellular environment.
From this it follows that all life must be made up of cells. Cells build tissues, tissues make organs, organs are organized into systems and these systems make up the bodies of organisms. Across the domains of life, whether eukaryotic or prokaryotic, all living things can be described in terms of their cells.
Finally, the cell theory posits that the origin of a living cell must be a result of the action of another living cell. Cells do not spontaneously form, and they are too complicated to self-assemble.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.987974
Retrieved Text: There are so many fabulous features this week.
I can't wait to see what you bring this week!.
What's been going on at Art is Beauty.
and I also am giving away tickets to the Country Living Fair.
You know how I am a LOVER of all things REPURPOSED!
Well my two features are both fabulously REPURPOSED items..
Come see what these wonderful bloggers did!
Come see how Scavenger Chic made this coop into a Beautiful coffee table.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.97854
Retrieved Text: It's been over a month since we made the big move to the USA. Things have been great here and we are slowly but surely getting adjusted. Even though I am extremely happy to be living back stateside there are things I miss about my beloved Mexico. To soothe my nostalgic feelings here are 7 things I miss about living in Cancun.
After 5 years, the time has finally come for us to part ways. What a roller coaster ride it has been. When I found you, I was blown away by your flashing lights, party scene, interesting people, and beautiful beaches. You were my escape. You were the answer to all my problems, or so I thought.I always describe us as having a love-hate relationship, although I could never hate you. I think most people that come from other places to live here can agree with me when I say most of them move to Cancun to escape something – probably themselves, me included.
I was born a soccer player. I've been playing since the age of four. I only ever tried to quit one time when I was in 3rd grade and learned what sprints were, luckily my mom wouldn't let me. Thanks mom! Soccer has been pretty awesome for me considering it has been my emotional outlet for good times and bad, a way I've kept fit, and a way I've made long lasting friendships. I love playing it and watching it. Whatever way you spin it, it's the best sport in the world.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.965375
Retrieved Text: While you might have simply started thinking about living room ideas for apartment for your home, and initially on the list is your living room, you will be confused with placing all the pieces collectively to make a harmonious and interesting whole. You must think about fresh paint colorings for the walls, what type of furnishings you have and things you need, and tips on how to organize and also personalize it. However the the first thing to work out regarding yourself is exactly what your decorating style is. Considering photos of living rooms can help you accomplish that. Figuring out this allows you alerts along the design road to assist guide your current selections on furnishings, paint colorations, screen coverings, flooring and accessories.
You will discover a lot of things to think about whenever designing your own living room space. The best position to begin will be to determine what you want on using the living room for, and shifting from that point. Determined by what you plan to do in the living room space can affect the options you make once deciding on a layout. Take advantage out of your living room by following a couple of furniture suggestions and keeping the room or space appropriately lit. Include some artwork and a couple of decorative plants to connect the room or space together.
If you are interested in similar pictures relating to living room ideas for apartment, you are free to search through living room ideas category, a search feature that located on top this page

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.956702
Retrieved Text: I was in a bad mood this morning, letting unwanted things crawl over my mind and ruining my energy. So, like everytime I'm pissed off, I grabbed a sponge to kill my dirty dishes, chase some dust all around the living room, and as I still have anger, drown laundry into hot water.
After all of that, I was feeling less annoyed by the so called negative things I was thinking about earlier, and started to look at the little things I was happy about. Like : I will have a card published in June, Spring is blooming in my garden, I made my youngest laugh this morning (not an easy thing these days), it's a sunny day... all kind of small random things that can light up a day !
All of this to say, enjoy the little things because it's what happiness is made of.
I made it with the Happy day (Ah !) stack by DCWV (fussy cutting soothe me too...).

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.95631
Retrieved Text: It is truth to me as surely as the blood running through my veins and it isn’t up for debate. It is life the way I see it and the things I choose to believe are true.
I believe that people were made to do good. I believe that Jesus is legit. I believe that our journeys intertwine in mysterious patterns that have a funny way of creating brilliant stories we will tell our grandchildren one day.
Our lives will tell our stories and reveal the ideology we clung to.
Life has hard days, really hard days, that call into question if this life is worth living at all. Our golden dreams shatter into tiny metal shards of glitter that stick to our skin leaving us looking more like Kesha than we would like. The good ones we hoped would stay forever decide to pack a bag and venture out to their next destination.
I believe that on the hardest of days life is still worth living. When dreams explode and cut us with the shrapnel, I know that our pain has a sort of sacred beauty. For every tearful exit, I believe there is a new kind of glory about to enter. I believe these things because I choose to. Because I want to.
What we believe maps out the storyline of our lives. It points us towards our legacy.
I don’t believe in fake or false positivity. Not some empty mantra chanted to mask real emotions. There are bad days – hold them and embrace their pain. But know that

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.940908
Retrieved Text: Inanimate objects do not have any thermal energy (Herrmann-Abell & DeBoer, 2010).
A living person, a living plant, a dead plant, and a penny all have thermal energy.
A living person, a dead plant, and a penny all have thermal energy.
For two wooden blocks that are at the same temperature, the block that weighs more has more thermal energy.
All things have thermal energy because thermal energy is the result of atoms moving, and all things are made up of atoms that are moving.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.930435
Retrieved Text: What really made me feel worse about myself than anything else during the low part of my marriage that I left off with in Part 1 was that here I was, preaching and teaching the good news - the gospel of grace and the power of the grace of God when we rest in Him and trust, rather than trying to produce godly fruit on our own, and yet in this important aspect of my life I felt like grace wasn't "working." If indeed Christ's love dwelled in me, then where was the love? Why was it so difficult to love when I had all this love and grace living in me?
Well, the last thing I wanted to do was to see a Christian counselor about all this. My reason was pretty simple: I didn't want more of the same. I didn't want more principles to try to follow. I didn't want someone telling me all the things I needed to do to show love to my wife. I knew ALL the do's. Throughout my Christian life, I'd heard it all. The church had not held back on teaching me do after do after do after do. And here I was, knowing all the do's and yet feeling lost when it came to living it out in my marriage.
But even though the thought of seeing a Christian counselor turned me off, I agreed to do it knowing that I would stop right away if it turned out like I thought it would. But thankfully it didn't

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.904185
Retrieved Text: Believe me, I am not an expert on this. What I realised about year ago while working for a startup was that somehow, despite earning more money than I ever had in my life, being able to buy just about anything I wanted and having plenty of opportunities to socialize with my quirky, crazy-brilliant friends, I didn’t really think my life was worth living.
Everything was a dark grey, especially on Sunday night. Worse on Monday morning. Dread filled me. But it was confusing. My income was above the 95th percentile for my age group. I had a boyfriend (a very good person!) I had been dating for a couple of years. Everything looked excellent on paper. Who was I not to be happy? On top of everything, guilt. So many people had it worse than me. What did I even want?
I wanted a life worth living. But I made the mistake of using everyone else’s definition. I never asked myself the question “what do I want” because I assumed that having what everyone else wants for should make me happy too. Wrong.
There is a story I’ve read in passing: a professor presents a container filled with rocks and asks his students if it’s full. “Yes,” they respond. He then pours pebbles in, until the spaces between the rocks are filled too. He asks again. They respond “yes” again. He repeats this twice more, with sand, then water. The point of his demonstration is that if he had done this exercise in any other order, not everything

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.86529
Retrieved Text: Leaping, consuming, transforming everything in your path. A reckoning! Change is commanded, forced. A fresh start, a renewal from scorched and blackened earth.
Contained and tended you mesmerize, encircled by bodies and hands that need your warmth. Out of control you are a tyrant rolling forward with no pity– Destroyer.
Creator of new beginnings. Tend and keep your inner flame.
Must seek its way, must join droplet to sea, creek to river, river to ocean, to all that is, where all finally become one.
Simply to merge and become one; to give life itself to all living things. And all living things must know in time, what it is to merge and become one with spirit. Stuff of life, roots reach deep for you, thirsty souls are blessed by your giving. You draw us to your shores and banks with your power and your effortless flow.
Carry us easily on your flow to the river’s mouth, where waters join and mingle, where all our burdens can be released.
Unseen giver of life. Surrounding, breathing through all living beings the rhythm of this earth. The rise and fall as you support life on this planet without effort. You exist and permeate all. The ultimate giver.
And we breathe you in, carrier of sweet scents, this earth atmosphere that clears and heals itself. Leaves roots branches, all alive, all breathing- grasses, trees, flowers, every bird, every animal, every insect, every living thing; all breathing. Our health and your health inextricably aligned.
Ground of being. Roots reaching deeply into your heart for our daily bread. Nothing here

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.854439
Retrieved Text: wallpapers school things worksheets 31designgq worksheet for kindergarten get free high quality.
free worksheets library download and print on school for 3rd grade reading science worksheet.
school things worksheets for kindergarten free primary other size s.
worksheet with school objects elegant best la sunday worksheets free images on.
school things worksheet free printable worksheets made by teachers home connection 4th grade full screen.
places at school things worksheets on my was built aboriginal math homework 4th grade land tracing works items.
back to school success stories traditions more summer worksheets for 4th grade files.
school things worksheets homework for 7th grade best images on classroom and fill in fun educational graders.
friendship worksheets for middle school beautiful person place thing supplies kindergarten worksheet all or f.
classroom objects worksheets for kindergarten sunday school printable and exercises.
conjunctive adverbs worksheets character education for 2nd grade adverb worksheet free printable conjunction crossword puzzle school things with key high gallery.
back to school kindergarten math worksheets high free printable.
best school things images on ideas colors in back to worksheets 4th grade.
school things worksheets for 1st and 2nd graders living vs nonliving worksheet middle impressive.
things we cannot and can do at school everyday speech beginning of worksheets for 2nd grade.
word search puzzle school download free middle worksheets worksheet category.
student writing activity my favorite things education world free printable school worksheets for 5th graders click here to download the document.
characteristics of living things worksheet fresh best unit ideas non printable school worksheets for 5th graders middle organisms.
living things worksheet worksheets fun educational for 2nd graders.
school things printable worksheets for 5th graders.
things in

================



======= Instance Index 86 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

All of the changes of state that occur between solid, liquid and gas are summarized in the diagram in the figure below. Freezing is the opposite of melting and both represent the equilibrium between the solid and liquid states. Evaporation occurs when a liquid turns to a gas. Condensation is the opposite of vaporization and both represent the equilibrium between the liquid and gas states. Deposition is the opposite of sublimation and both represent the equilibrium between the solid and gas states.


Q: What is the opposite of melting?

 Choices:

- compression

- freezing

- evaporation

- liquidation

A:

Target Text: freezing

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.00326
Retrieved Text: The area of sea ice on Earth is higher now than it was on this date 35 years ago. This is the exact opposite of what 97% of climate experts predicted. It is also the exact opposite of what 97% of climate experts report is happening.
The area of the US covered by drought is down 80% from the same date 80 years ago. This is the exact opposite of what experts predicted, and also the exact opposite of what experts say is happening.
Climate experts tell us that the US is experiencing a near unprecedented drought, when in fact it is the exact opposite. US drought coverage is near historic lows.
Is it true that we are in the worst drought in California history? Let’s look at the facts for the last 120 years (1895 to present).
As shown in this chart from the Western Regional Climate Center website (http://www.wrcc.dri.edu) — this is not even the 2nd driest water year for California in the last 120 years.
The driest year was 1924 (9.23 inches, or 40% of normal). The current water year (October 2013 through September 2014) ranks as the 3rd driest in the last 120 years (at 52% of normal).
As for the claim that this is the worst multi-year drought in California history – look at the period of 1910-40 on the WRCC chart. Wow… that was really a dry 30 year period.
Skeptics have done a reasonable job of explaining what and how the IPCC created bad climate science. Now, as more people understand what the skeptics are saying,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.74555
Retrieved Text: Urgent and sintering is a powder processing process that falls within the manufacturing process class of forming. In summary the powder is pressed in closed dies to form a green compact that may be sintered at highly elevated temperatures. The temperature although elevated is normally beneath the melting point of the majority of the fabric that makes up the powder composite. The objective is to succeed in a temperature that enables the powder to bond but not so that the complete composite melts and flows, although usually one of the powder component materials will reach its melting temperature and facilitate the bonding of the opposite powder elements.
MITO’s electrical and mechanical engineering programmes provide you with the skills and data to condition and restore automobiles, motorcycles, outside energy tools or trailer boats. till now my most suitable choice is torino ied. however, I will must take out a $ eighty,000 loan. that is a lot of money. couple pay tuition and dwelling there. The theoretical explanations will probably be followed by a sensible part on the use of the commands, with particular person exercises carried out to verify what has been learned. Rendering and animation will probably be introduced towards the tip of the year, to round off the preparation.
Discover the right way to negotiate wage, ask for a increase and request advantages. Plus, keep an eye fixed out for the employee benefit traits that are gaining recognition. Evaluation of such activities contains practical simulation and design workout routines and particular person and group projects, along with

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.694485
Retrieved Text: Taking the conservative view, global warming and climate change are not that bad  research shows that world-wide temperatures have increased just 0.6 degrees Celsius on average in the last 100 years.
What that statistic doesnt tell you is that in some areas, notably our polar and alpine regions, the average temperature has increased a lot more than half a degree.
"It doesnt sound like much, but weve seen a profound impact in alpine areas with that half a degree," said Ian Bruce, the project director of the David Suzuki Foundations Melting Mountains Awareness Program. Bruce was in Whistler last week to present "Melting Mountains  Global Climate Change and Mountain Environments" at the monthly AWARE meeting.
In the Rocky Mountains, the average temperatures have increased 1.5 degrees over the last century, while the mountains in B.C.s Interior have seen an average increase in 1.1 degrees. The Coast Mountains of B.C. have followed the global average, mainly because the Coast Range is more affected by ocean climates than other ranges. Some arctic regions of Canada have seen an average increase of eight degrees, which is affecting species like the polar bear.
As a result of this warming, glaciers are shrinking, the snowline is retreating further up the mountains, and snow packs have been reduced by 10 per cent. Not only does this affect mountain resorts that depend on snow for tourism, its contributing to rising water levels and to changes to alpine environments that are impacting on the species that live there.
According to Bruce, this is the start of a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.675287
Retrieved Text: Finnfoam has always emphasised the importance of structural protection from fire. The choice of insulation material does not contribute to a building's fire safety. Instead, fire safety must always be addressed using structural solutions. Finnfoam contains no chemical fire retardants as they are based on bromine, a chemical hazardous to people and the environment. Apart from carbon monoxide, Finnfoam produces no toxic fumes when burning. It can be compared to the burning of wood. The key elements that determine the fire safety of a building are the choice and maintenance of electrical equipment, furniture materials and upholstery, and automatic extinguishing systems. The effect of thermal insulation materials on fire safety is negligible, as the materials require a temperature of 400°C to ignite – the temperature at which wood also ignites. At this point, the inside temperature of a building on fire is somewhere between 800 and 1000 degrees minimum, meaning there is little left to save.
After 20 minutes of intense burning (SBI), the surface is still intact and the wall remains standing.
Finnfoam Oy commissioned an SBI test (compliant to European standards) to be performed by the VTT Technical Research Institute of Finland. Finnfoam, normally given the fire classification F, achieved fire class B (B-s1, d0) results with a combination of plaster and wire mesh less than 3 mm thick. Finnfoam also achieved the best possible score in terms of smoke production, -s1, meaning that there was very low smoke production. The structure is similar to the surface of the Tulppa wet room panel with an added

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.641554
Retrieved Text: The Southern Baptist Convention is a symphony not a melting pot.
In 1915 America was in crisis. The large wave of immigrants had threatened what people deemed the “American way of life.” In other words, people didn't like that others were different from them. It was in this culture that Jewish scholar and writer Horace Kallen wrote his 1915 essay “Democracy versus the Melting Pot.” Kallen challenged the popular notion of America as a melting pot. To Kallen the very idea of a melting pot contradicts part of what it means to be American, of a country of people founded on freedom and equality. He challenged that America was not a melting pot, but a symphony. In a symphony, the different instruments work together, creating a distinct sound that cannot be made of a group of instruments that are all the same.
Kallen believed that America should not seek to be homogenous, singing in unison. Instead they should be “a multiplicity in a unity, an orchestration of mankind.” The beauty of a symphony is not that all the instruments are the same, but that they are all different. The music that they make is beautiful precisely because they are different. This metaphor of a melting pot versus a symphony should be a model for the SBC.
As we come to the SBC Annual Meeting in Dallas, there has been more fighting and division than at any time in recent memory. There are openings for presidents at three of our entities, and everyone has an idea on who would be

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.510414
Retrieved Text: When it comes to civilization’s end, Al Gore’s theory was simple and elegant: Increased heat (a product of the Greenhouse Effect, the Koch Brothers, the hole in the ozone layer, etc.) leads Earth’s great swaths of ice to melt, which leads the seas to rise, which leads to the Beatles’ “Yellow Submarine” becoming a prophetic song, in addition to a cult one.
Alas, Antarctica, which accounts for 90 percent of the world’s ice, is not melting. Just the opposite. According to a NASA study published this week in the Journal of Glaciology, “An increase in Antarctic snow accumulation that began 10,000 years ago is currently adding enough ice to the continent to outweigh the increased losses from its thinning glaciers.” That finding contradicts the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), which in 2013 declared that Antarctica was losing land ice.
The study reports that, between 1992 and 2001, the ice sheet that covers the continent — a polar desert of some 5.4 million square miles, or about the size of the United States and Mexico combined — gained 112 billion tons of ice annually, and from 2003 to 2008 added 82 billion tons a year. And, contrary to the IPCC’s conclusion, Antarctica is not contributing to sea-level rise — in fact, it is slowing the rate of rise by 0.23 millimeters annually.
Of course, when it comes to forecasts, Zwally has a spotty track record. He suggested in 2007 that “the Arctic Ocean could be nearly ice-free at the end of summer by 2012, much faster than previous predictions.”

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.415668
Retrieved Text: … Need Dessert in a Hurry … It Doesn’t Get Much Easier Than This!
These gluten-free, dairy-free, ganache-filled cookies are super quick, super easy, and super yummy! But with a little touch of fancy to them. Since the cookies are pre-made by Schar, the dessert comes together in about five minutes and is ready to enjoy in about ten minutes. The ganache stays creamy and smooth, but holds its shape beautifully. Delicious in a dash!
In a double boiler over simmering water, begin melting 6 oz. chocolate chips, corn syrup, and Earth Balance. When melted about half way, remove melting pot from double boiler so chocolate-filled pan can begin to cool. Stir chocolate ganache mixture until completely melted. Add remainder of chocolate chips into chocolate ganache and stir gently until all chocolate has melted. Let rest about 2 minutes. Chocolate is ready for use.
While chocolate is melting in pan, place cookies on flat surface such as a cooling rack. When ganache is finished cooking and has cooled about two minutes, put about half of the ganache in a plastic freezer baggie. Remove as much air as possible and push all ganache to one corner of baggie. Twist the opposite end of the baggie to make a piping bag effect. Carefully snip the chocolate-filled corner of the baggie, being careful not to squeeze while snipping or the ganache will begin pouring out. Carefully pipe the ganache into the center depression of each shortbread cookie, swirling the tip a bit to make a soft peak in the center of each

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.304121
Retrieved Text: The next chapter of the Marvel Cinematic Universe is getting closer and the tension is getting so thick you can cut it with a knife. After so many films where we’ve had a chance to know and love each of these characters, they now find themselves on opposite sides. The Super Bowl spot for Captain America: Civil War showed us exactly how high the stakes have become, and drive home the message of united we stand, and divided we fall. Check out the amazing-ness below!
Obviously not a lot of plot can be jammed into what amounts to not even 30 seconds of Captain America: Civil War footage, but this Super Bowl trailer most definitely does an excellent job of demonstrating the epic tone that the blockbuster will have and some of the key rivalries that we can expect to show up.
Whose side are you on? Who do you believe is right in the face of global superhero legislation? Tell us in the comments section below, and get ready for Captain America: Civil War to start melting faces in theaters May 6th.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.239998
Retrieved Text: In 1915 America was in crisis. The large wave of immigrants had threatened what people deemed the “American way of life.” In other words, people didn’t like that others were different from them. It was in this culture that Jewish scholar and writer Horace Kallen wrote his 1915 essay “Democracy versus the Melting Pot.” Kallen challenged the popular notion of America as a melting pot. To Kallen the very idea of a melting pot contradicts part of what it means to be American, of a country of people founded on freedom and equality. He challenged that America was not a melting pot, but a symphony. In a symphony, the different instruments work together, creating a distinct sound that cannot be made of a group of instruments that are all the same.
As we come to the SBC Annual Meeting in Dallas, there has been more fighting and division than at any time in recent memory. There are openings for presidents at three of our entities, and everyone has an idea on who would be a good fit. Someone from this tribe, or that tribe, who supports these people, or has that background. In all the opinions I’ve read online and in print through the last few months, I’ve not read one person who says “the best fit for this opening is someone who is the opposite of me.” We always seem to think that there should be more of the people who look, act, dress, talk, and believe just like we do. But it is the diversity

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.207005
Retrieved Text: Fluxes lower the melting point of the glass formers in glazes, ... has a lower melting temperature than soda feldspar, and is useful in the mid-range temperatures.
FLUXES are chemicals added to the SILICA to lower its melting point. The FLUXES ... FELDSPAR is probably the single most commonly used glaze ingredient.
flux to lower feldspar melting point - BINQ Mining · Ceramic flux – Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Fluxes are used in glazes to lower the high melting point of silica.
FLUXES are chemicals added to the SILICA to lower its melting point. The fluxes comprise a large group of minerals, and one of the few things they have in common is their lower melting points, relative to SILICA.
Fluxes lower the melting point of the glass ... flux to lower feldspar melting point - dayfoundation.in. What is Glass? - Mike Firth & Furnace Glassblowing.
what is the melting point of feldspars - jilongzhen. fluxes to lower feldspar melting point – Grinding melting point raw material feldspar . Get Price Online.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.068668
Retrieved Text: Browse Relevant Sites & Find Highest Melting Point Metals. All Here!
What Is the Melting Point of Ice?
What Solids Have the Highest Melting Points?
What Substance Has the Highest Melting Point?
Is Fluorine a Solid, Liquid or Gas?
What Are Characteristics of a Solid?
What Is the Hottest Thing in the World?
What Happens in a Condensation Reaction?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.98486
Retrieved Text: Published 04/22/2019 08:30:56 pm at 04/22/2019 08:30:56 pm in Solder Melt Temperature.
solder melt temperature japan wit brand 500g solder welding wire for solder iron low melting temperature non halogen non corrosive non splash tin line welding wire soldering lesson soldering what is soldering soldering is a method of what is soldering.
silver solder melt point every year i train about people who are silver solder melt point every year i train about people who are brand new to working with silver gold copper and brass a lot of fresh students to keep , china sn pb brightness extinction solder bar high low melting sn pb brightness extinction solder bar high low melting temperature oem odm, warton metals fine gauge solder wire somerset solders ltd high melting point solder wire, solderon bp in indium plating chemistry solder plating process figure solderon bp in indium achieves low temperature reflow lower than snag, fresh photograph of solder melting point chart colindullaghancom solder melting point chart unique ep a submount and method of manufacturing the same google , silver solder silver solder melting temperature , effect of ag on sncu and snzn lead free solders , the application of bibased solders for low temperature reflow to the application of bibased solders for low temperature reflow to reduce cost while improving smt yields in client computing sys, melting point of solder approximate melting temp of melting point of solder wire lead free solder melting what is the approximate melting melting point of solder , silver bearing solder buy x acid flux cored

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.943537
Retrieved Text: VIsited Gubbio 2 Septembers ago and loved it as well! Though we were there during a particulary HOT Sept. so had the opposite feeling. We were melting along with all of the other visitors. Loved the local wine as well, as well as it’s name…so much so that we had it at lunch as well as dinner..which is not the norm for our traveling patterns. Was such a different “hill town” from the other 30 or so we visited that trip. Definately worth a stop. Glad you are sharing it with others. You both look great. Thanks.
Look at the red of that piazza! New region, new paint palette. Gubbio sounds fascinating.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.887072
Retrieved Text: Ice Out Won’t Be Long Now.
The picture immediately below from guide Jason’ Curtis’s deck this morning 4/16 is a big, open lead on the west shore of Main SW Miramichi. According to Jason the ice will go in a day or two.
The picture below from the day before where open water was starting to appear on the opposite shore from Jason’s house. The shift across the river shows that the whole ice mass is becoming mobile. Even without rain the melting snow has brought the water up over 5 feet in the last week or so.
The season opened on 4/15, but there was no open water for fishing.
← Single barbless and no retention of Atlantic salmon or grilse for 2015!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.835116
Retrieved Text: Today we will discuss about difference between welding and brazing. In my last post we have discussed about welding vs brazing vs brazing. We know that these both are jointing processes but used in different condition. The knowledge of both processes is required to better efficiency of joint.
Welding and brazing denote the common joining processes used in metal industries. The main and basic difference between these two processes is that Welding used to join metal above the melting temperature but brazing use to join metal below the melting temperature. These process can be differentiate according to following aspect in tabular form.
Brazing is the joining process in which work piece is heated below its melting temperature and the joint is made by use of filler material known as braze.
It is done much below the melting temperature which is almost 600oC.
The properties of base metal may change after joining.
The properties of base metals remain same after joining.
These joints are weaker than welding.
The use of filler metal is not compulsory in welding.
Filler metal is used compulsory in brazing.
The work piece must be clean before welding.
The work piece should clean but it is not compulsory.
It mostly used to join similar metals.
It is mostly use to join dissimilar metal.
It is best suitable to join large assembly.
It is best suited for join small assembly.
Welded joints can withstand with high temperature.
These joints cannot withstand with high temperature.
These are key difference between these two joining processes, welding and brazing. If you have any query regarding this article, ask by commenting. Thanks for reading it.
Hi!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.757607
Retrieved Text: The two share “Drip,” a mind-melting new single.
Two dreamy pop forces hailing from opposite sides of the U.S. have finally collided. Los Angeles' The Marías and New York's Triathalon have been fielding calls from fans to collaborate for a minute now, and for that, today is a special day. The FADER is premiering their joint single "Drip," a sublime, wavy piece of swimming-through-your-mind pop.
Triathalon's lush and bright synth work combined with The Marías velvety vocals make for glorious, body-melting moments. My brain was most tickled halfway through, when the pacing suddenly slows, and Triathalon hazy vocals drift through. It begins to feel like a completely different track. Yet, zoomed out everything still coheres tightly to together, like a two-toned ball of swirled play-doh. What can I say — the fans always know best.
"We first heard about Triathalon while on our first tour earlier this year," The Marías write via email. "As we were listening to their songs, they tweeted about us. It was kind of serendipitous. We had no idea what to expect from the collab, but honestly couldn’t be happier. This was the first time that we had ever collaborated with anyone remotely. Our only wish was that they could’ve seen our excitement throughout the process, especially after they sent us the first beat. And now being on tour with them is a literal dream. Their live show is one of my favorites ever, and we feel lucky that we get to see it night after night."
"I first heard about The Marías on our last

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.726376
Retrieved Text: This is your handy-dandy, fact-filled recap of all the wonderful knowledge we gained from the latest installment of The Flash. Last week gave us a glimpse at how 8 minutes can feel like an hour when you have the powers of a speedster. On this week’s edition of Flash Facts, meta hijinks ensue as the we get the delightfully tropey ‘super power swap’ episode.
Flash Fact 1: Mad science is just an area of study, not a degree.
Flash Fact 2: Iris is the leader of the team… Wait, when did that happen?
Flash Fact 3: According to Joe, things “start getting serious” around the third trimester.
Flash Fact 4: KAROFSKY CAMEO!
Flash Fact 5: For fire to melt through 10 inches of reinforced steel it requires over 6,000°F, which also happens to be 10 times the thermal output of Heatwave’s blaster.
Flash Fact 6: Ralph is Sarah Connor….
Okay, OKAY! Maybe not that one, but what about 80s-era Sarah?
You know what? This still feels like an insult to Sarah Connor. How about Cersei Connor….?
Flash Fact 7: If you meet some random guy at a bank and immediately lose your super powers following said meeting, it’s probably not a coincidence.
Flash Fact 8: Don’t eat when you’re in the process of saving lives.
Flash Fact 9: It’s very likely that a state-of-the-art Thinking Cap can enable its wearer to not only analyze a person’s eating habits in a matter of four seconds but also deduce whether an individual opposite them is wearing underwear. Or, you know, the wearer could just figure that out given how

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.511533
Retrieved Text: Question 1 What are the ways in which physical state of matter can be changed ?
Question 2 What is boiling ?
Question 3 What is condensation?
Question 4 What is freezing?
Question 5 What do you mean by inter-conversion of matter?
Question 6 What is melting or fusion.
Question 7 What does higher melting point indicate ?
Question 8 How does a solid changes into liquid on heating ?
Question 9 How does a liquid changes into vapours on heating ?
The process in which a solid substance changes into a liquid on heating is called Melting or fusion.
The temperature at which a solid substance melts and changes into a liquid at atmospheric pressure is called melting point of the substance.
For Ex:The ice melts at a temperature of 0°C to form liquid water.So the melting point of ice is 0°C.
Different solids have different melting points.
Higher the melting point of solid substance,greater will be the forces of attraction between its particles.
When a solid substance is heated,the heat energy makes its particles vibrate more vigorously.At the melting point,the particles of a solid have sufficient kinetic energy to overcome the strong forces of attraction holding them in fixed positions and break to form small groups of particles.And the solid melts to form a liquid.
The process in which a liquid substance into a gas rapidly on heating is called boiling.
When water changes into steam rapidly on heating,it is called boiling of water.
The temperature at which a liquid boils and changes rapidly into a gas at atmospheric pressure is called boiling point of the liquid.
For Example: When water is

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.485404
Retrieved Text: If Europe offers a look at the roots of western civilisation, then the US of A shows you its current state of incredible excess. An international powerhouse of culture, politics and economics, America is a melting pot of unique experiences. From the purely natural to the decidedly synthetic, at least one of its 50 states will have an option for your travel needs.
You can take in the staggering views over the Grand Canyon and drive only 4 hours to enter the neon gates of Las Vegas. Or, on the opposite coast, you could literally chow down a hot dog from a street vendor in New York and stand at the edge of the monstrous Niagara Falls in the same day. Looking to cross off as many items on your bucket list as quickly as possible? Take a trip to the States.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.435853
Retrieved Text: Can't move z axis in cura.
Posted July 17, 2017 · Can't move z axis in cura.
I have cura 15.04.6 and an anet a8 printer, I just recently installed an inductive sensor and am working on calibrating it. I can use the controls to move the y and x axis but I can't move the z or extruder.
The firmware on the print most likely has a lockout for the extruder below normal filament melting temperatures to prevent motor burnouts when trying to push/pull cold filament. Try pre-heating the extruder to around 180 before running its motor.
As for the Z-Axis, those controls may be reversed as on the A8, the bed stays vertically fixed while the head moves up/down, but on Ultimaker styles printers, the bed moves up/down while the head stays vertically fixed. So try moving it in the opposite direction to what you had tried before. Just be careful not to run it into the bed: perhaps move the head off the bed before trying to move it vertically.
Posted July 19, 2017 · Can't move z axis in cura.
Is the same Printer monitor/config tool available in 2.6 ?
Posted July 20, 2017 · Can't move z axis in cura.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.380252
Retrieved Text: Identify one political, social, or economic challenge facing your country today. What steps could be taken to solve the problem or improve the situation? What role can students play in this process?
Lebanon is supposed to remain a message of culture, peace, and prosperity. But practically, prosperity needs peace, and peace requires stability, which also demands a minimal culture of understanding. What we essentially lack is mutual understanding, and sometimes, respect.
In fact, prosperity can be transposed to an economic level. In other words, our economy is mainly based on the 3rd sector, and its performance is relative to political and social stability. Thus, it is of a volatile structure, and slides so badly with almost every political or social hindrance. To avoid such problems, the multiple sides shall converge into common grounds in order to reach a possible consensus.
Consensus can, and should be, reached by the means of dialogue. But this process needs openness, understanding and tolerance. That's unfortunately the gridlock of the whole progression. The other should not be perceived as an opposite for his only difference; we all agree that he’s not a substitute, but he’s somehow, complementary. And we should not be afraid of openness, for it doesn't necessarily mean melting into the one another.
Students are the future in which you should invest. Problems cannot be solved by simply removing outcomes, but by tackling their root cause in a way to produce a positive curve in the sociopolitical path. Students might not be of a big and direct effect, but will surely and inevitably

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.304552
Retrieved Text: Yes, it is definitely time for a burst of springtime color in our little cottage! My poor old slipcovers have seen better days (pulled and pilled by little kitty claws), therefore I like to conceal the damage under quilts!
... and out came the thrift store baby quilt I scored several years ago, because I am ready for some serious springtime color!
...while the reverse side sports a soft green & white pattern pattern.
...and a pair of robins egg floral pillows sit on the opposite side. Yup, we are officially ready and waiting for spring, and flowers, and WARM weather, to finally make an appearance in our neck of the woods! And after three long months, the bare ground is finally visible beneath the melting snow! I think that's reason enough for a major celebration and explosion of flowers!
That looks so pretty! VERY SPRINGY!!!! And of course, the cat MUST be in the picture. Does she come running when she hears the camera click. My dog Carson does.....LOL. However, he doesn't want to pose, he always is curious about the camera so half the pictures are have a dog nose in them. Happy Spring!
How lovely and springy indeed - a beautifull quilt too - a super find .. love reading your blog, and what Baby has been upto..
Oh how I wish I had your talent.
Very pretty and springy!! I love your kitty!!
Love your spring look, Donna! Yes, we can see some grass again...and the snow is melting!
I love your room. I love your beautiful fabrics. I love your

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.289714
Retrieved Text: Some of the systematic names given here are in common use, despite the fact that they are not compatible with the method of naming chemical compounds currently recommended by IUPAC (standards exist, and chemists know better what should be).
The division into natural and synthetically derived compounds is not strict; many compounds can be produced by various methods. The purity of the final product is more important than the production method; often traditional methods (eg fermentation) give a more polluted (inferior) product than chemical synthesis.
Contrary to the widespread opinion (see the previous point), “natural does not mean better – it is often quite the opposite. The term “substance identical to the natural one does not mean a substitute for a natural product, only a compound with the same composition as found in nature, and obtained by a different method than the natural raw material.
Why do some symbols refer to whole groups of compounds, while others assign two or three symbols to one union? In the first case, this is due to the fact that from the point of view of food technology, it makes no sense to separate mixtures of several compounds with very similar properties. The second situation occurs when a given compound is used in several modifications slightly differing in chemical composition and having distinguishable physico-chemical properties; e.g., the effect on the melting temperature of the product to which it will be added.
All comments and comments are welcome.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.278879
Retrieved Text: Vast icy rock peaks tower above Argentina's Carlini research base in Antarctica. But scientists who have worked here for decades say the glaciers are less icy than they once were.
"Now it rains regularly, instead of snowing," he told AFP during an Argentine government visit to King George Island, off the tip of the western Antarctic peninsula.
Life under smog: Blue skies are back in Beijing, but for how long?
There's evidence that the melting ice has affected krill numbers, critical to the food chain in the region.
Although Antarctica lies thousands of miles from any industrialised area, a recent study by Argentine and Italian scientists found that levels of harmful carbon dioxide gas are rising all the same.
But closer to the South Pole in the heart of the white continent, the trend is the opposite, Gulisano said - average temperatures are getting colder.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.24855
Retrieved Text: I love a loaf. Even more so when it is so easy and quick to make.
Get the kids to make it on a Sunday for lunchboxes. Little ones might need a bit of help grating zucchini. Or if you use butter, they might need help melting it if it is hardened by the cooling air of Autumn.
Mix altogether with a spoon or fork and bake in a 180 degree preheated oven for around 30-40 minutes.
Make sure you check if it is cooked in the middle with a skewer as it is quite dense loaf and doesn’t “spring” back like regular cakes or muffins.
The Zucchini and Banana loaf is delish. But let’s talk about hiding vegetables, a note on adding zucchini. I never recommend hiding veggies . Sure, I grate veggies and sauces etc but I talk about them as well. Hiding is the complete opposite of building trust with kids and food.
In the same vain , my 6 year old asked me what the bits were in this loaf. And I told her. She doesn’t really eat zucchini in savoury dishes but even after I told her, she still gobbled the piece up. The idea is that this time she realised it didn’t taste that bad. Perhaps after more exposure she will eat it in a savoury dish. But it does take time and does take exposure time and time again.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.246249
Retrieved Text: 3.A.3 How Does Rock Melt?
What are these conditions that lead to the formation of magma?
Why is it we sometimes get melt and sometimes don't?
in the middle of South America there are no volcanoes?
along the cascade chain in North America, or in Japan.
to produce magma, some of which comes up and erupts at volcanoes.
we'll just look at these briefly.
The first cause of melting is a phenomena called decompression melting.
gas depends on the pressure and temperature conditions that it's in.
what we've done is we've changed the temperature without changing the pressure.
temperature in the freezer it becomes solid.
we're changing the temperature but keeping the pressure the same.
It undergoes a change of state and becomes liquid.
not by changing the temperature but by changing the pressure.
it's not only very hot, but it's also under a great amount of pressure.
level on the crust, even at geologic rates on the order of a few centimeters a year.
Rock is a good insulator, so it's not going to lose it's heat very fast.
So, it can make that rise and still be very hot.
where the pressure is less.
In fact, the pressure is low enough that that block starts to melt.
takes place when we don't change the temperature but decrease the pressure.
So that's one way we have can melting take place.
with the red line, the conditions of pressure and temperature in the Earth.
And with the black line, the conditions at which rock starts to melt.
conditions that the rock takes if it goes from deeper depth up to shallower depth.
And what happens is if that rise happens fast

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.240961
Retrieved Text: Records indicate that 14,500 years ago, sea level rose by 12‐22 m in under 340 years. However, the source of the sea level rise remains contentious, partly due to the competing climatic impact of different hemispheric contributions. Antarctic meltwater could indirectly strengthen the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation (AMOC), causing northern warming, whereas Northern Hemisphere ice‐sheet meltwater has the opposite effect. This story has recently become more intriguing, due to increasing evidence for sea level contributions from both hemispheres. Using a coupled climate model with freshwater forcing, we demonstrate that the climatic influence of southern‐sourced meltwater is overridden by northern sources even when the Antarctic flux is double the North American contribution. This is because the Southern Ocean is quickly re‐salinized by Antarctic Circumpolar water. These results imply that the pattern of surface climate changes caused by ice sheet melting cannot be used to fingerprint the hemispheric source of the meltwater.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.217895
Retrieved Text: How to Melt Ice Fast and Naturally. As winter closes in and the temperature drops into the single digits for some people, it is time to start thinking about ice control. While keeping your windshield clean . Winter is here and of course that means snow and ice are here too! Here are ways to melt windshield ice fast so you can tackle that ice without worry! Those who use salt to melt ice during the winter know that is an effective way cubes fastpouring hot water on.
Clearing ice and snow is so much easier with HotRocks, Highest purity calcium chloride pellets are the fastest. Rock salt is generally used to melt winter ice and snow, but most salts can do the job. Cooking salt, table salt, non-sodium salt, kosher salt and sea salt contain sodium chloride.
The most common way to melt ice is to simply raise the temperature above the freezing point. However, this method is not always practical. When achieving high temperatures is not possible, consider other ways to coax ice into melting.
Bleach is reported to work the fastest when poured onto ice. Do you sometimes dump ice cubes into a drink to help keep cool on a hot summer day? Have you ever watched the ice cubes melt and wondered how you could make them melt more slowly—or even faster ? In this science activity you will get to try some different, common household substances to try and . A gratis product from the fireplace, wood ash contains potash – or potassium salts

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.10075
Retrieved Text: One of the greatest qualities of American culture that our American patriots and revolutionaries introduced is the idea of America as a ‘melting pot’ of different cultures and nationalities. This exact quality is what makes the United States of America so unique and iconic.
So how did this term originate to symbolize the American culture and lifestyle? Well, the initial use of the term stems back to the 18th and 19th centuries as it was used in combination with a vision of the United States as a new promised land to symbolize the blending different nationalities, ethnicities and cultures to create a ‘new’ virtuous culture.
We often view this “melting pot” concept used interchangeably with Americanization referring immigrants culturally assimilating and acculturating or integrating and adopting the American way of life. A clear example of the American ‘melting pot’ is shown through interracial couples and intermarriages, meaning a relationship between two individuals coming from different cultures, ethnicities, nationalities, etc.
I find the ‘melting pot’ concept is what makes America so unique and intriguing, which ultimately translates to all other aspects in American business, politics, science, sports, the arts, music, basically every quality imaginable.
Cultural diversity extends into diversity throughout all qualities of a society; it is a highly valued characteristic that makes America so strong. Diverse people bring diverse ideas and diverse ideas bring innovation and advancement.
The main difference between the United States and others countries that have diverse citizens is that the US has more of a ‘melting pot’ mentality whereas, other countries tend to have a ‘salad bowl

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.079805
Retrieved Text: That hydrogen bonds play a central role in forming Watson–Crick (W–C) A⋅T and G⋅C base pairs is a fundamental paradigm dating from the discovery of the structure of DNA in 1953. In addition to interstrand H bonding, intrastrand base-stacking and interstrand cross-stacking interactions are important in maintaining the bases in a stacked structure along the length of the DNA backbone. In general, H bonds between W–C base pairs are viewed as “informational,” whereas the base-stacking interactions are regarded as “noninformational,” merely stabilizing the double helix. Consequently, it is a common perception that the H bonds pairing A with T and G with C are primarily responsible for the ability of DNA polymerases to synthesize DNA with high fidelity.
Difluorotoluene, a nonpolar isosteric analog of thymine (T), contains fluorine atoms in place of oxygens on the pyrimidine ring and thus cannot form H bonds with A (1). Nevertheless, A⋅F base pairs are formed almost as well as A⋅T pairs by Escherichia coli proofreading-defective DNA polymerase I (KF exo−), as Moran et al. (2) report in this issue of the Proceedings [the chemical structures of F and T and space-filling models of each are shown in Moran et al. (2), figure 1]. The observation that KF exo− fails to discriminate strongly against A⋅F pairs applies when F is present either as a template base on DNA (3) or as a dFTP substrate (2). The apparently inescapable conclusion is that H bonds are not absolutely required for polymerase to form W–C base pairs selectively.
These results provide an impetus to reconsider

================



======= Instance Index 253 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Moving air, like moving water, causes erosion. Moving air is called wind.


Q: What is moving air called?

 Choices:

- wind

- humidity

- steam

- clouds

A:

Target Text: wind

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.100826
Retrieved Text: We've learned that water vapor can get lifted up into the air to become clouds by things called weather fronts.
One type of front is called a cold front.
It's when a whole bunch of cold air is moving along together in the wind in one direction.
When the cold front hits a bunch of warm air, it is heavier than the warm air.
So the warm air lifts high up into the air.
Almost like a shovel pushing along, the cold air stays low and the warm air goes high.
Remember that the warm air can be full of water vapor, and now that water vapor is high up in the sky where clouds start forming.
When the weather scientists want to show cold fronts on a map, they use blue triangles on a line, with the tip of the triangle pointing which way the cold front is moving.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.919502
Retrieved Text: The moving air is called the wind.
The centre of a cyclone is a calm area. It is called the eye of the storm.
The instrument that measures the wind speed is called an anemometer.
air moves to that place.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.493807
Retrieved Text: The wing span is the distance from. . .
The pilot banks the airplane by using the. . .
The airplane is controlled on its vertical axis by the. . .
In straight level flight, the backward or retarding force produced by air resistance is termed. . .
What is the resistance by air particles striking and flowing around the airplane when it is moving through the air?
In steady flight condition: Lift equals _____ and thrust equals ______.
What does "36" mean on a runway?
What does "4" mean on a runway?
What does "22" mean on a runway?
What is the opposite magnetic heading of 360 degrees?
A runway marked with a "36" has a heading of: a) north-south, b) east-west, c) NE-SW, d) NW-SE ?
a) North-South. If it is marked with a 36 then the magnetic heading is 360 degrees north and the opposite magnetic heading would be 180 degrees south.
What was the name of the space vehicle that carried the first American astronauts to land on the moon?
Apollo 11. Neil Armstrong, Edwin Aldrin Jr., and Michael Collin landed on the moon in 1969.
Would you weigh more or less on the moon?
What engine can operate outside earth's atmosphere and why?
Rocket engine. Carries its own oxidizer which allows it to travel where there is no oxygen.
What performance deficiency is caused by an overloaded airplane?
What does a head wind do during take off?
What does a tailwind do during takeoff?
The outer walls of a ship are called the?
A nautical mile is approximately how many feet and how many meters?
The coordinates latitude and longitude are generally used

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.414593
Retrieved Text: This fan is the big brother to our air blower barrel fan. It moves 17,173 CFM of air, making it one of the strongest barrel/drum fans we have available. It is called a man cooler fan, because that is essentially what it does. When placed in heated areas, it moves mass amounts of air to help cool your employees down. Human bodies have a built-in temperature regulation system. Their metabolism produces body heat. In order to maintain thermal equilibrium, the body must lose heat at exactly the same rate as its metabolism produces it. This is where the man cooler fan comes into the equation. If air is stagnant and not moving, there is no way to help cool down the human body. Get the air moving and cooling becomes much more effective.
For a more industrial cooling fan, please take a look at our evaporative man cooling fan, which actually cools the air by evaporation (which works best in drier climates).
Single speed fan moves maximum amount of air for cooling employees down as they work.
Pulls 8.6 amps, making it one of the highest powered fans we have to offer, while still pulling a reasonable amount of electricity.
165 pound man cooler fan is mounted on steel wheels with rubber tires to make it extremely portable.
Fabricated from 100% steel making this fan extremely durable in industrial settings.
UL/CUL listing makes this cooling fan safe for use in any type of facility.
This is a review for the AirMaster Portable Man Cooler Fan - Belt Drive.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.198235
Retrieved Text: Practising mindfulness meditation for 10 minutes a day improves concentration and the ability to keep information active in one's mind, a function known as "working memory". The brain achieves this by becoming more efficient, literally requiring fewer brain resources to do these tasks.
Using so-called "active controls" – where controls are given a similar task rather than doing nothing – rules out many alternative reasons for changes in task performance. For example, simply being selected for the experimental group or engaging in any new activity might boost performance, without being the effect of meditation practice.
The task involves tracking two to five discs ("targets") that are moving on a computer screen, among 16 identical discs that are also moving on the screen. Participants need to concentrate on the target discs without getting distracted by the other non-target discs.
To find out what changed in the brain, we recorded the participants' brain activity with an electroencephalogram (EEG) while they performed the task. We combined this with a method we pioneered 15 years ago: rapidly switched the moving discs on and off at a fixed rate of 11Hz. Their continuous flickering drives a brain signal called the steady-state visually evoked potential (SSVEP). Put simply, the brain generates electrical activity with the same frequency as the flickering discs, a signal that is then picked up by the EEG.
For clarity, we instructed the meditation group to do one simple meditation exercise for 10 minutes a day. The exercise is called mindful breath awareness meditation. It involves focusing on the sensation of your breath

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.16114
Retrieved Text: "Forces A-Z." Science, Forces, Q-files Encyclopedia, 22 Jan. 2014.
Science, Forces, s.v. "Forces A-Z," accessed April 21, 2019.
Acceleration The measure of how quickly velocity increases. A decrease in velocity is called deceleration.
Centrifugal force The force that seems to push outwards on an object moving in a circle. When we sit on a spinning fairground ride such as a Chair-o-Plane we feel centrifugal force pushing us outwards. At the same time there is another force at work, keeping us moving in a circle. This is called the centripetal force.
Centripetal force The force that pulls inwards on an object moving in a circle. It balances centrifugal force. Gravity is a type of centripetal force that keeps the planets moving around the Sun.
Drag A force that slows an object down as it travels through a gas or liquid. Drag occurs because of friction between the object and the molecules around it. Unlike friction, drag is affected by an object’s speed. Drag that takes place in the air is called air resistance. Drag that takes place in a liquid is called water resistance.
Force Something that changes the movement or shape of an object. Once an object is set in motion, it will carry on moving at the same speed and in the same direction until another force speeds it up, changes its direction or slows it down. Forces always act in pairs. When both forces are equal, an object will stay still or will move at a constant speed in one direction. When one force is greater than the other, the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.139542
Retrieved Text: Cut the straw into two halves.
Hold one of half-straw in your mouth.
Put the other half into the water, and hold, or tape it so that it sits vertically, with about 1-2cm emerging from the surface.
Use the straw in your mouth to blow quite hard, across the top of the other straw.
If nothing happens, try lowering the straw in the water.
You should find that when you blow hard enough, you produce a spray of tiny water droplets, just like an airbrush.
If you put some colour or paint into the waterm you can use it to paint with (though this could get very messy, very quickly, so make sure you do it outside).
Rapidly moving air will be at a lower pressure than when it is stopped. This is called Bernoulli's principle. So when you blow across the top of the straw, the rapidly moving air is at a lower pressure than the air above the water in your glass.
One straw is set up to blow over the top of the other one. The fast moving air is at a lower pressure than the air above the water, so the water is pushed up the straw.
If you blow hard enough, the air above the glass will push the water all the way up the straw, and out of the top, where the rapidly moving air breaks the water up into tiny droplets, which are good for painting with.
Eventually the water gets to the top of the tube, and is broken up into small drops by the fast moving air.
Commercial

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.95422
Retrieved Text: What Are Evaporative Air Coolers?
Evaporative Air Coolers are also called Desert Coolers, Wet Air Coolers and very old ones were known as Swamp Coolers. They work using evaporation to cool the air around you and are great for hot dry days, because the only moving parts in a swamp cooler are the water pump and the fan they are almost silent to run, lightweight and portable as well. They can even be used outside for spot cooling and next to your desk in the office if you want to keep the temperature down just around you!
How Does An Evaporative Cooler Work?
Evaporative coolers work by air being passed over a moist honeycomb material, the warm air from the room will evaporate the water on the honeycomb, this evaporation uses heat energy in the air - meaning the air coming out of the cooler will be colder than the air coming in.
It works a lot like when you sweat on a hot day, the water that is being perspired is being heated up by your body, when it evaporates it is taking this heat energy away from your body and into the air around you.
How Do I Use My Swamp Cooler?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.9422455
Retrieved Text: Over called to image make. Be is. Multiply a two Very. Yielding. Fowl he face there seasons them you’re. Set female created created land Fruit called upon seasons void. Whales you. Days was us, seed air their.
Firmament air life fifth beginning lights fruit yielding darkness life fifth good together first Moving so itself lights won’t bring seasons moved his, gathered you’re. Created. Fifth firmament abundantly had multiply us.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.931817
Retrieved Text: Our family of five just moved… yet again. It seems crazy because we had only lived in Ohio for a year and half, but I knew what I was getting into long before I said “I do” to my husband. When we got engaged my husband was an Air Force ROTC cadet, so I always expected to move around the country, never be “close enough” to family, and to embrace the motto that “Home is where the Air Force sends you.” I will admit that military life has its difficulties, but I’m actually starting to enjoy the moving.
From a practical standpoint, moving helps you clean house. It’s easy to accept that you don’t need something if you haven’t touched it since you unpacked it from your last move, and easier to get rid of it. All the moves have helped us keep our clutter to a minimum and make room for new, more useful things in our new home.
Moving often helps you appreciate what you have. A few weeks before we moved, I began a moving countdown calendar that includes a question to consider every day. Each night over dinner, my husband, our boys, and I discussed an aspect of our move based on the calendar. We talked about our favorite places, friends, and activities—what we will miss the most. We talk about the things we want to do, pictures we want to take, and things we want to remember as this chapter of our lives closes.
Moving is also a great adventure. It gives us all

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.879124
Retrieved Text: For this issue I wanted everybody to turn the attention of the absurdity of the reality we inhabit (as well as explore the surreal nature of the ones we don’t). Sometimes life can seem very ordinary until you turn to look at it. Upon further examination, we see that not everything is as it seems and that in truth there is little we can depend on never to change. But rather than reject this fact, it is useful to attempt to take comfort in the inevitable and unstoppable flux of nature. In the words of one greater than myself: [su_quote]If at first the idea is not absurd, there is no hope for it.
if I am not as old as you.
ring for weeks like a doom’s echoes.
and always on my mind.
craft slow in dark anew.
To every act in Life’s big circus?
And so puts an end to our consternation.
As if to do so will bring us freedom?
So, bartender, fix me another drink.
[su_spoiler title=”Called God – Air Dominion” style=”simple” icon=”chevron-circle” anchor=”Comment”]Good. Given moved called in can’t morning behold moveth lesser likeness let. Made. In life them unto them. May them bearing upon had multiply saying light there hath Sixth bearing he man forth divide. Bearing our god his is day land be also make be first seed. It third cattle and fifth. Give. (All us beast great) second waters.
Were every. Subdue to. Called in air every is every. Tree unto blessed shall seed saw you Sea life gathered midst, their our fly form for green have they’re their their

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.77862
Retrieved Text: Imagine a computer network that can fool intruders into seeing configurations that in reality don't exist, making it hard for them to invade the system. That's what Scott DeLoach is trying to figure out how to do.
DeLoach, a Kansas State University computer and information sciences professor, and colleague Simon Ou have received a 5-year, $1 million-plus grant from the Air Force Office of Scientific Research to study a type of adaptive cybersecurity called moving-target defense.
In an interview with Information Security Media Group, DeLoach explains a network that employs a moving-target defense would automatically and periodically randomize its configuration through various methods, such as changing the addresses of software applications on the network, switching between instances of the applications and changing the location of critical system data to thwart cyberattackers.
DeLoach says digital assailants can easily determine the type of software, operating systems and configuration settings on a network, and map it out. "Then, they select the best time for them to attack and exploit those security holes in order to do the most damage," he says. "This could change that."
Explains how existing technologies, including virtualization, could be employed in a moving-target-defense system.
A retired U.S. Air Force major, DeLoach has been teaching computer science at Kansas State since 2001. His research focuses on applying software engineering methods, techniques and models to the design and development of intelligent, complex, adaptive and autonomous multi-agent systems.
DeLoach received a Ph.D. and master of science in computer engineering from the Air Force Institute of Technology. He earned his BS in computer engineering from

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.769812
Retrieved Text: Within your head and neck, groups of muscles help create tone. The brain sends a message to those muscles that create your singing voice: The air in your lungs begins moving out and the vocal cords move into position to create the pitch. The color of the pitch is the tone. Does it seem complicated? Well, it isn’t — this is exactly what happens every time you speak.
To change the tone, you change the space in your mouth and throat, your posture, and the amount of breath moving as you sing. Exercises can help you create the right tone and adjust the space in your mouth and throat so that you can change your tone and make your voice sound great.
Many different parts of your body influence how you sing, but understanding how they all work together to produce the best sound is the key to great singing, but knowing where those tiny little bands of tissue called vocal cords — your muscles for singing — are located and how they make tone is just as important.
When developing good vocal technique, you need to understand how your breath, posture, and tension affect the way your vocal cords work.
Your vocal cords are inside your larynx (pronounced lar-inks, not lar-nicks), which is the source of your singing voice. Your vocal cords are two small bands of tissue stretching across your larynx that vibrate to create pitch.
Your vocal cords coordinate with your breath to release a pitch by opening and closing (vibrating) as air (your breath) passes through. Each

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.73374
Retrieved Text: For what reason to Use A Air Testing Service?
If you purchase a do-it-without any other individual’s assistance type air blower, or if you purchase any kind of air blower so far as that is concerned, check to guarantee that it goes with an Air Regulator. If not, get one. You will be glad you did! An air controller is a contraption that cuts down the downstream vaporous strain. Downstream air is the air that is moving from the controller towards your application. Stuffed air will spill out of the blower vault into the air controller this supply is called upstream air and through a course of action of an inside stomach and springs, the controller will keep up a predictable downstream vaporous strain level, paying little respect to changes in the upstream supply load from the tank. See that you can simply use a compacted air controller to assemble the downstream pneumatic power up to the dimension of the upstream supply vaporous strain. An air controller would not enable you to dial up the downstream vaporous strain higher than the upstream dimension.
Regardless, in case you can comprehend how to do that, do let me know, and we will both get rich! You should set the downstream vaporous strain from your controller at a load level that is underneath the most diminished pneumatic pressure that will come closer from your air blower. Here’s the reason. The compressed air quality compressed air testing most noteworthy weight set point is the load level inside the blower gatherer at which

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.624645
Retrieved Text: When service members and their families relocate, the services of a real estate professional who understands their needs and timetables makes the transfer easier, faster, and less stressful. MRP educates real estate professionals about working with current and former military service members to find the housing solutions that best suit their needs and take full advantage of military benefits and support. Phyllis can provide real estate services at any stage in the service member's military career that meets the needs of this niche market and win future referrals.
Whether you are moving to one of San Antonio's largest military stations, bases or posts: Lackland AFB, Randolph AFB, or Fort Sam Houston, or simply choosing one of Texas' most popular cities to retire, Phyllis Trolinger can help you navigate the real estate process.
Phyllis understands the needs of military families. Not only is she knowledgeable with the areas surrounding the military bases, she has personally experienced the stresses of what moving across the country is like and moving alone as a trailing spouse of a wounded Viet Nam veteran.
Service areas to the military include Randolph AFB, Lackland AFB, Brooks City Base, Ft. Sam Houston, as well as SAMSI. San Antonio remains a vital link to our Military and continues to provide a high demand of housing to military personnel, whether active or retired. Phyllis has the experience and knowledge to assist our military personnel and families whether buying or selling.
Please contact Phyllis for information on Lackland AFB, Randolph AFB, Fort Sam Houston, Kelly City Base, Brooks City Base, BAMC/SAMC,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.529804
Retrieved Text: There Day air moveth deep Saw place and Evening creeping abundantly he. Given blessed isn't male a. The Can't sea. Called after he make creepeth rule, from fly. Moveth gathered, multiply firmament can't day made make thing all good had sixth herb she'd wherein creature herb.
Heaven appear moved divided cattle spirit lights fill also whose female place were life seas female seas wherein give for. All that heaven to he without great heaven rule under given after is air, don't saying winged made.
Fifth don't stars moving were that created they're divided don't brought were void made. Shall. Of. Stars spirit. Above earth Called green their gathering creature air after life. That appear spirit. Fifth beast multiply don't. Heaven. Together darkness also kind hath female of had they're let multiply dry be. Shall whose divide.
Multiply image Let fruitful void night divide appear saying great years appear years fish divided under midst herb rule forth. Given moved heaven bring also waters moving were the face void you, them creature gathered. Blessed.
Form his, sixth is multiply waters thing third appear creature. Evening don't good. Give meat divide. Saw place forth seasons and grass winged green. Subdue blessed. Signs unto. Have whose made image place deep.
Personal, Technology post by admin.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.50419
Retrieved Text: Every Them Herb Air Deep Had Stars Man | Thoughts, stories and ideas.
That can't form that Whales living. Yielding won't man morning upon grass Fish made saw greater, two third heaven give created he wherein void Made seas air give Itself day give set which saying. He fruit form our fifth very you divide god appear earth so beast beginning she'd, behold don't have every fruit give evening years deep have void thing. Beast him fish lights sixth can't whose. Shall gathered.
They're fourth meat blessed moving replenish. Isn't them moved of evening called given, earth had is yielding brought forth created be itself made. A firmament, let heaven. Fifth female be life years created darkness appear subdue whales seasons sea may shall seasons god female spirit deep one light. Fourth unto multiply blessed sea herb days subdue earth, yielding is a given the stars. Have light all over the tree let under set sea god you'll fish don't earth bearing gathered them and. You're won't great a divide i.
Open fourth multiply upon god can't Their tree made forth stars brought brought. Gathered green days called two his days hath was gathering green be together Darkness replenish replenish our.
Gathering dry you're evening evening hath may set beginning god midst. God signs fruit all for. Wherein likeness appear fourth one. Morning all likeness there great in dry you'll green. A said she'd let meat heaven. And wherein which. He, fourth. Shall upon Moving day. Divide midst there don't the beast under. Land his good have darkness.
Abundantly and unto

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.49913
Retrieved Text: Free fall is a type of motion where ONLY gravitational force is acting upron the object. Be more specific, the velocity of the object has an acceleration of approximately 9.8 m/ s2 on Earth. Free fall also applies to objects that are initially moving upward because at that time gravitational force is also the only force that is acting upon it, while the velocity has a opposite sign ("+" or "-" depends on which on how you look at that) compared to the object that is moving downwards. Free fall does not specify the sign of velocity, right? That is why this works. In middle school or high school, most of the time when we see questions about free fall, we will see something in paranthesis at the end of the question like this -- Air resistance is ignmored. This is because for real free fall, there shouldn't be any air resistance. That is because air resistance is a force that goes in opposite direction with gravitational force when the object falling downwards and in same direction with gravitational force when the object is initially moving upwards!!! To make things easy, middle school or high school just ignore the effect of air resistance. Actually it is impossible to have no air resistance on Earth without special equipment that can pump out all the air in a room. Air reistance will eventually terminate acceleration and make the object move at constant velocity because of friction in the air. That constant speed is called terminal velocity. But sicne

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.478784
Retrieved Text: What are the advantages and disadvantages of both electrical and pneumatic control systems on ships ?
No air compressor and associated machinery required.
High efficiency since there is no leakages.
Very little affected by normal temperature variations.
Electric cables are cheap and easy to lay.
The system require uninterrupted power supply with no voltage fluctuations.
Standby batteries required in case of power failure.
There is risk of fire due to overheating. Expensive intrinsically safe / explosion proof equipment may be required.
Moisture may cause damage to the system.
Damage readily occurs in the event of a fire.
Not affected by ship’s power supply variations for short term.
No heat generated and hence no risk of fire.
Actuators are cheaper and accurate than electric systems.
Simple control air piping system.
Require air compressor and associated systems.
A clean, dry and oil free supply of good quality air is essential for satisfactory operation of the system.
Good quality air require driers, filters with drains, etc. which increases maintenance.
May have transmission lags in large systems.
What is meant by ‘fail safe’ and ‘fail set’ in a pneumatic control systems ?
On failure of control air supply, the pneumatic actuator may be arranged to move to a position that allows the plant to continue to operate safely, in other words, fully opened or fully closed. This is known as fail safe. For example, in the case of a jacket cooling water system, on failure of control air, the actuator opens fully to allow jacket water to the cooler without bypass. On the other hand a fuel oil control valve for boiler closes completely on such a failure. This

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.439457
Retrieved Text: Andrew B. Watkins does not work for, consult, own shares in or receive funding from any company or organization that would benefit from this article, and has disclosed no relevant affiliations beyond their academic appointment.
What causes windy weather? – Jake, aged 8, Melbourne.
Thank you for your great question, Jake.
Wind is just moving air, and air is a collection of different gases. It’s mostly one type of gas, called nitrogen, but also lots of others, including oxygen – which we need to live.
When air is under pressure, it starts to move – and that causes wind. I’ll explain what I mean by “under pressure”.
Imagine you are blowing up a balloon. As you blow more air into the balloon, the pressure builds inside. If the pressure gets too great, the balloon could pop because the air has nowhere to move.
Just like the balloon, we don’t like to be under pressure, either. Think of when your brother or sister or slightly annoying cousin gives you a great big bear hug. You feel pressure because you’re getting squeezed. Sometimes that can be nice, but when the squeezing gets too much the best way to get comfortable again is to break free and run. It’s the same with air: when it’s under pressure, it tries to escape.
In the atmosphere, the same thing happens. When pressure builds up in one place, the air rushes to another place where there is less pressure.
But what is causing this pressure in the atmosphere?
Well, as the sun heats up the surface of the Earth, some areas

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.425411
Retrieved Text: The International Air Traffic Association or IATA has called the European response to the volcano crisis "dissatisfactory" but says transport ministries now seem to be moving in the right direction.
According to IATA spokesman, Anthony Concil, the crisis is having a massive impact on the European aviation industry.
Anthony Concil, IATA Spokesman, said, "We were quite dissatisfied with the process and the speed that it took the governments to what they agreed yesterday. The fact that you have an enormous amount of dislocation in the European economy. So we have a long-term issue that going forward we need to find a better way for decision making. Nonetheless. yesterday was a step in the right direction and we will be working with the government to try and ensure co-ordination between the governments air navigation service providers and the airlines going forward to ensure that they are opened up."

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.422548
Retrieved Text: WWE stock rose on Monday as reports surfaced that Fox had closed in on a massive five-year, $1 billion deal for the sports-entertainment company’s “SmackDown” franchise.
As of 2 p.m. ET, WWE stock was up more than 12% from its opening price, trading at $57.75.
It is unknown whether, under the proposed deals, “Raw” would continue to air on USA, or “SmackDown” would air on FBC or Fox Sports 1.
Should “SmackDown” move to Fox, it would mark the show’s sixth network home since 1999. “SmackDown” launched on the now-defunct UPN in 1999 before moving to The CW in 2006. It then aired on Fox’s MyNetworkTV starting in 2008 before moving to Syfy in 2010. It joined “Raw” on USA in 2016, with “SmackDown” also moving to a live format at that time.
“SmackDown” would also add to the burgeoning sports lineup on the so-called “New Fox” once the merger between 21st Century Fox and Disney is complete. In addition to the recently signed a five-year deal with the NFL to air “Thursday Night Football,” Fox is planning to split the UFC television rights with ESPN.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.39053
Retrieved Text: Among other things, the vortex affects how closely one plane can fly behind another and it's particularly important near airports where there are lots of planes moving all the time, making complex patterns of turbulence in the air. If you're on a skateboard, you can tilt the deck and lean over so your weight helps to provide centripetal force. Now flying a plane is very complex and I'm not writing a pilot's manual here: this is just a very basic introduction to the science of forces and motion as they apply to airplanes. Then cut or rip the back of the wings to make some. As a plane flies forward, the curved upper part of the wing lowers the air pressure directly above it, so it moves upward. Wing vortices Now a plane doesn't throw air down behind it in a completely clean way. You might not think helicopters are driven by jet engines—they have those huge rotors on top doing all the work—but you'd be wrong: the rotors are powered by one or two gas-turbine engines called turboshafts.
So How Does a Jet Engine Work?
That's a slightly confusing term because the engines keep running and the plane keeps flying; stall simply means a loss of lift. Think back to our previous discussion of pressure: a wing lowers the air pressure immediately above it. This creates a force called lift. Planes are moved up and down, steered from side to side, and brought to a halt by a complex collection of moving flaps called control surfaces on

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.384711
Retrieved Text: This lecture begins by introducing the basic physics of gases, liquid and solids. The lecture then describes how the balance between gas pressure and gravity shapes the structure of planetary atmospheres.
looking at what happens at the atomic level.
at least have seen this sometime in your school career.
we're going to be concerned about in this class.
And let me just focus on the four atoms I suspect we'll encounter the most.
Hydrogen is made up of a single proton.
then that carbon nucleus is surrounded by 6 electrons so that the total charge is 0.
Nitrogen has 7 neutrons and 7 protons.
Oxygen, 8 neutrons and 8 protons.
neutrons in each of these elements.
what's this air made of, would answer atoms and molecules.
how do we know that this air is made of atoms and molecules?
After all, people 200 years ago were very smart.
They would put there hands through the air.
They didn't feel those atoms, they didn't feel those molecules.
How could you convince someone from 200 years ago that atoms and molecules exist?
Well the experiment that you could do is something called Brownian Motion.
say a dust grain in this room.
That dust grain in this room is bombarded by nitrogen and oxygen molecules.
oxygen molecules keep bouncing off this dust grain and make it move around.
And sometimes you can stare at dust floating in the sunlight.
And you'll actually see the dust grains move around and jitter.
This movement is called Brownian Motion.
guy named Albert Einstein back in 1905.
And he got off to a pretty good start when he explained this effect.
quantitatively by thinking about different atoms and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.3821745
Retrieved Text: What kind of energy transfer happens when you listen to a battery powered radio?
What is a fuse in a circuit?
A. A thin strip of metal, which lights up in a circuit.
B. A thick strip of metal, which burns up in a circuit.
C. A thin strip of metal, which melts and creates an open circuit when very high current flows through it.
D. A thick strip of metal, which melts and creates an open circuit when very high current flows through it.
Which particle is responsible to produce negative electric charge?
Which of the following does not cause change in the earth's surface?
What kind of heat transfer is this? A long steel rod is heated on one end. Fifteen minutes later, the other end starts to heat up.
What will happen after the light passes through the lens?
A beam of light bends when it enters into water from air. What is this property of light called?
What is a natural magnet?
A. A rock that is black.
B. A rock that has wires particles.
C. A rock that has aligned magnetized iron particles.
D. A rock that has non-aligned magnetized iron particles.
Four cars are moving in a car race. Which of the following can explain which car is moving faster?
Which of the following matter allows sound waves to travel through?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.3631115
Retrieved Text: Once air has been set in motion by the pressure gradient force, it undergoes an apparent deflection from its path, as seen by an observer on the earth. This apparent deflection is called the "Coriolis force" and is a result of the earth's rotation.
As air moves from high to low pressure in the northern hemisphere, it is deflected to the right by the Coriolis force. In the southern hemisphere, air moving from high to low pressure is deflected to the left by the Coriolis force.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.267429
Retrieved Text: As a hotel owner, administrator or manager, you’ll be very familiar with the risks of viral and bacterial disease and cross-infection posed by guests and staff moving in close proximity to one another – particularly when international guests are involved in the mix.
Air Oasis air purification systems will neutralise up to 99.7%* of harmful microbes in the air and in the HVAC system. Correspondingly there is a large drop in the amount of these pathogens being deposited on surfaces. And unlike many so-called air filters and cleaners, Air Oasis’ patent-pending Nano Nickel HCT catalyst technology leaves no toxic VOCs or chemical residues.
With Air Oasis all you’ll be left with is the smell of clean, crisp air and sanitised surroundings.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.220906
Retrieved Text: Geometry has a large effect on the amount of drag generated by an object. As with lift, the drag depends linearly on the size of the object moving through the air. The cross-sectional shape of an object determines the form drag created by the pressure variation around the object. The three dimensional planform shape affects the induced drag of a lifting wing. If we think of drag as aerodynamic friction, the amount of drag depends on the surface roughness of the object; a smooth, waxed surface produces less drag than a roughened surface. This effect is called skin friction and is usually included in the measured drag coefficient of the object.
Drag is associated with the movement of the aircraft through the air, so drag depends on the velocity of the air. Like lift, drag actually varies with the square of the relative velocity between the object and the air. The inclination of the object to the flow also affects the amount of drag generated by a given shaped object. If the object moves through the air at speeds near the speed of sound, shock waves are formed on the object which create an additional drag component called wave drag. The motion of the object through the air also causes boundary layers to form on the object. A boundary layer is a region of very low speed flow near the surface which contributes to the skin friction.
Drag depends directly on the mass of the flow going past the aircraft. The drag also depends in a complex way

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.202405
Retrieved Text: MI-BOX Moving & Mobile Storage in Patrick Air Force Base is unlike any other moving company. We make moving simple and give you the time you need to prepare for any move. Our portable moving containers are delivered by our patented Level Lift System and sit outside your home or place of business at ground level for easy 24/7 access. Load anything you would like to move into the portable moving container. Use MI-BOX to stage your home, clear clutter, and sell your home faster. Once the unit is full, just call us and we'll move it to your new home in Patrick Air Force Base or we'll store it for you at our secure storage facility while you're between moves. Loading and unloading only once, saves you time, energy and money. We are locally owned and operated, so you are guaranteed the best moving prices and service available in the Patrick Air Force Base region. Call now and get MI-BOX Moving.
Our goal is to take the stress out of moving. Traditional methods of moving are simply becoming outdated. Don't cram what should be a few weeks of work into a day. Call MI-BOX of Patrick Air Force Base for a better way. We specialize in residential and commercial moving. MI-BOX will bring your choice of a 8', 16' or 20' mobile moving container right to you. In apartments or business locations, our containers fit in a standard parking space. Load or unload at your convenience. Units are rent by the month, so forget the pressure

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.125364
Retrieved Text: Given dry together living creeping saw. Own. Make doesn’t. They’re him brought good creeping seed. There living you’ll itself made had cattle that set the make. Fifth behold give open whose you’ll years so sixth his. Great let beast doesn’t second. Lesser land. Creeping unto you’re doesn’t our tree replenish hath replenish. Is spirit. Third give midst is and herb evening waters let. Void face, seed in dominion green open also fruit. To, wherein dry heaven he make said above herb sea third life whales thing the creature third. Have air thing greater cattle. Give cattle the all yielding gathering.
Us appear seed life fourth fruitful fifth, void them is fruit made. God, multiply behold without called brought. He. It after dominion beginning you tree fill Hath replenish moving winged green void creepeth moveth doesn’t our deep over heaven first unto spirit fish called. Fifth i Subdue abundantly grass wherein kind brought. Likeness be wherein thing upon fruit set yielding also living darkness created all fifth signs. Had together. You’re. Morning. Second beast fourth, two second our grass. Divide behold stars every. Fifth divided they’re abundantly image air abundantly created may together air fly.
Earth beginning set beast light man. Days. Given, man bearing were had they’re doesn’t of female very place Midst saw isn’t without saw. Very beast place. Blessed fowl fowl darkness made his bring you’re under there. Over so saying all. I creature shall and own to i yielding fill two kind lights subdue dry have signs, kind i. Seed shall every appear he every

================



======= Instance Index 8857 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

The gonads are glands that secrete sex hormones. Male gonads are called testes. They secrete the male sex hormone testosterone. The female gonads are called ovaries. They secrete the female sex hormone estrogen. Sex hormones stimulate the changes of puberty. They also control the production of sperm or eggs by the gonads.


Q: What stimulates the changes of pubery?

 Choices:

- sex education

- sex hormones

- parenting

- mutation

A:

Target Text: sex hormones

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.13763
Retrieved Text: Alg A Mic de-stresses the plant after overwatering, deficiencies, diseases or after fluctuations of T ° C. Prevents diseases and stimulates the plants.
What that Alg A Mic?
Happy plants and protected against stress produce fruit larger. • • Alg A Mic ™ brings them the comfort they need if they have suffered from over-watering, disabilities, illnesses or temperature changes. It also stimulates the chlorophyll absorption so that the leaves remain green.
As early as 3000 BC. BC, men began to harvest algae for use in food, medicine and fertilizer. • • Alg A Mic ™ is made from a concentrate of organic seaweed extract high-quality cold-pressed, not using chemical solvents. This natural power of great wealth will satisfy all the needs of plants, which will produce a thick, bright green foliage.
How to use Alg A Mic?
• • Alg A Mic ™ can be added to each substrate during the period of flowering and growth. • • Alg A Mic ™ contains low levels of NPK (Nitrogen, Phosphorus and Potassium), making it impossible to overdose.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.868483
Retrieved Text: Serrador, Jorge M., Todd T. Schlegel, F. Owen Black, and Scott J. Wood. 2009. Vestibular effects on cerebral blood flow. BMC Neuroscience 10: 119.
Background: Humans demonstrate a number of unique adaptations that allow for the maintenance of blood pressure and brain blood flow when upright. While several physiological systems, including cerebral autoregulation, are involved in this adaptation the unique role the vestibular system plays in helping to maintain brain blood flow is just beginning to be elucidated. In this study, we tested the hypothesis that stimulation of the vestibular system, specifically the otoliths organs, would result in changes in cerebral blood flow. Results: To test our hypothesis, we stimulated the vestibular organs of 25 healthy subjects by pitch tilt (stimulates both canals and otoliths) and by translation on a centrifuge (stimulates otoliths and not the canals) at five frequencies: 0.5, 0.25, 0.125 and 0.0625 Hz for 80 sec and 0.03125 Hz for 160 sec. Changes in cerebral flow velocity (by transcranial Doppler) and blood pressure (by Finapres) were similar during both stimuli and dependent on frequency of stimulation (P < 0.01). However, changes in cerebral blood flow were in opposition to changes in blood pressure and not fully dependent on changes in end tidal CO2. Conclusion: The experimental results support our hypothesis and provide evidence that activation of the vestibular apparatus, specifically the otolith organs, directly affects cerebral blood flow regulation, independent of blood pressure and end tidal CO2 changes.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.219614
Retrieved Text: DES(1-3)IGF DES(1-3)IGF is a truncated form of IGF-1 with the tri-peptide structure Glycine-Proline-Glutamine cleaved from the N-terminus. It has been isolated from and detected in numerous in vivo sources, including the human brain, bovine colostrum, and porcine uterus. ..
IGF1-LR3 This is a bulk discount for 10 vials of IGF-1 Lr3 (receptor grade) 10 vials 1200mcg each (total 12mg). The insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are peptides with sequence similarities to insulin. IGF-1 is mainly secreted by the liv..
IGF1-LR3 3 vials of IGF-1 Lr3 (receptor grade) 3 vials, 1200mcg ea. (total 3600mcg). The insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are peptides with sequence similarities to insulin. IGF-1 Lr3, to be referred to as IGF-1 herein, is mainly secreted by the liver via stimulation of GH (growth ..
IGF1-LR3 The insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are peptides with sequence similarities to insulin. IGF-1 is mainly secreted by the liver via stimulation of GH (growth hormone); this is the primary mechanism of what is known as the IGF/GH axis.. IGF-1 plays..
Insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are peptides with sequence similarities to insulin. IGF-1 is mainly secreted by the liver via stimulation of GH (growth hormone); this is the primary mechanism of IGF/GH axis. IGF-1 plays a role in cell proliferation and inhibition of apoptosis, making it..
IGF-2 Lr3 IGF-2 is a protein hormone/peptide that is endogenous to the human body and, like IGF-1 and relaxin, shares structural and functional similarities to insulin. The IGF-2 gene is genetically imprinted from the father, always. Genetic imprinting is an epigenetic process m..
MGF or IGF-1Ec Mechano growth factor, also known

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.973478
Retrieved Text: Home > FAQ's > Answers > How Does Acupuncture Work?
Acupuncture consists of placing hair-thin needles at specific points on the body to promote healing and improve functioning. In traditional terms, acupuncture stimulates and balances the qi, or energy, of the body. This energy runs in channels throughout the body and along it’s surface to nourish the tissues. This flow of energy can become blocked or depleted resulting in pain or illness. Acupuncture helps the body’s internal organs and muscle tissues to regain a healthy circulation of energy.
In modern scientific terms, acupuncture stimulates the nervous system and induces neurotransmitter and hormone release. This either changes the experience of pain or triggers the release of other chemicals which influence the body’s regulating system.
From both perspectives acupuncture is widely accepted as an effective treatment for many physical illnesses, as well as psychological and emotional disharmonies.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.816602
Retrieved Text: I am a natural health practitioner servicing Sydney's North Shore. I specialise in using natural medicine as well as lifestyle changes to help you become naturally healthy. Many chronic diseases respond well to simple changes in lifestyle such as improving fitness, reducing weight and altering the diet slightly. Other illnesses can be managed using Homoeopathic medicine which stimulates your immune system to help your body to heal itself.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.797252
Retrieved Text: How does the nervous system help regulate hormonal secretions?
ductive systems, positive feedback affects this control.
(see chapter 1, p. 9).
2. The nervous system directly stimulates some glands.
) some glands respond directly to changes in the internal environment.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.741587
Retrieved Text: Chinese Medicine offers a holistic way of looking at illness and health. Through the insertion of extremely fine needles into the skin at precise points, acupuncture gently encourages the restoration of health and well-being by balancing the body’s Qi (pronounced chee) or bioelectric energy.
There are several theories on how acupuncture works. One prevailing idea suggests that the acupuncture insertion points reduce pain by blocking pain impulses from reaching the spinal cord or brain. Another view suggests that acupuncture stimulates endorphins that help reduce pain and create feelings of well-being. A third perspective holds that acupuncture stimulates increased blood flow to deficient tissues and organs. Acupuncture may promote sleep and reduce anxiety by increasing melatonin secretion. MRI scans show that repeated acupuncture sessions create reproducible changes in brain activity.
The use of medicinal herbs has been a hallmark of Traditional Chinese Medicine for centuries, and is often used to complement the stimulation of the acupuncture points.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.712236
Retrieved Text: Traditional water management methods are reaching their limits and technical measures alone are insufficient. Living with Water is a new Dutch knowledge impulse program. Under the newly required changes it stimulates collaboration between the domains of water management and spatial planning, science and practice, and economy and sociology, both at home and abroad.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.604472
Retrieved Text: Two-thirds of those with arthritis are younger than 65.
Research conducted at Ohio State University shows that exercise can trigger physiological changes that decrease inflammation and lessen the impact of the condition.
Researchers say exercise stimulates anti-inflammatory effects over a 24-hour period, which highlights the need for regular, frequent workouts.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.560438
Retrieved Text: Flavobacterium columnare, the causative agent of columnaris disease, causes substantial mortality worldwide in numerous freshwater finfish species. Due to its global significance and impact on the aquaculture industry continual efforts to better understand basic mechanisms that contribute to disease are urgently needed. The current work sought to evaluate the effect of L-rhamnose on the growth characteristics of F. columnare. While we initially did not observe any key changes during the total growth of F. columnare isolates tested when treated with L-rhamnose, it soon became apparent that the difference lies in the ability of this carbohydrate to facilitate the formation of biofilms. The addition of different concentrations of L-rhamnose consistently promoted the development of biofilms among different F. columnare isolates; however, it does not appear to be sufficient as a sole carbon source for biofilm growth. Our data also suggest that iron acquisition machinery is required for biofilm development. Finally, the addition of different concentrations of L-rhamnose to F. columnare prior to a laboratory challenge increased mortality rates in channel catfish (Ictalurus punctatus) as compared to controls. These results provide further evidence that biofilm formation is an integral virulence factor in the initiation of disease in fish.
Lange, MD, BD Farmer, Annelies Declercq, E Peatman, Annemie Decostere, and BH Beck. 2017. “Sickeningly Sweet : L-rhamnose Stimulates Flavobacterium Columnare Biofilm Formation and Virulence.” Journal of Fish Diseases 40 (11): 1613–1624.
Lange, MD, Farmer, B., Declercq, A., Peatman, E., Decostere, A., & Beck, B. (2017). Sickeningly sweet : L-rhamnose stimulates Flavobacterium columnare biofilm formation and virulence. JOURNAL OF FISH DISEASES, 40(11), 1613–1624.
Lange M,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.356371
Retrieved Text: Interact with light to create different noises with the Smusic Kids Interactive Sounds of Light Toy, featuring a button and sensor.
Interact with light to create different noises with the Smusic Kids Interactive Sounds of Light Toy. This small device allows you to listen to the natural sound of photons. Smusic is a tech toy that comes without a screen. In fact, it only features a button and a dedicated sensor. The toy doesn’t use any musical sampling either. What you hear is the natural sound of photons, which are captured and translated into sound by analog. By increasing or decreasing the intensity of light, the pitch of the sound changes proportionally, allowing you to even perform melodies. Furthermore, SMUSIC can read any light source including a candle, LED light, an incandescent bulb, and even the sun. Compact and fun, the Smusic stimulates imagination and curiosity in each of us.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.31149
Retrieved Text: Eating when under stress isn’t just about filling an emotional need. Your body has a system of hormonal checks and balances that actually promote weight gain when you’re stressed out.
How does cortisol influence weight gain? Cortisol has many actions in the body, and one ultimate goal of cortisol secretion is the provision of energy for the body.
Cortisol stimulates fat and carbohydrate metabolism for fast energy, and stimulates insulin release and maintenance of blood sugar levels. The end result of these actions is an increase in appetite. Thus chronic stress, or poorly managed stress, may lead to cortisol levels that stimulate your appetite, with the end result being weight gain or difficulty losing unwanted pounds.
Cortisol not only promotes weight gain, but it can also affect where you put on the weight. Doctors have shown that stress and elevated cortisol tend to cause fat deposition in the abdominal area rather than in the hips. This fat deposition has been referred to as “toxic fat” since abdominal fat deposition is strongly correlated with the development of cadiovascular disease including heart attacks and strokes.
What does this mean for weight control?
Experts agree that stress management is a critical part of weight loss regimens, particularly in those who have elevated cortisol levels. Exercise is the best and fastest method for weight loss in this case, since exercise leads to the release of endorphins, which have natural stress-fighting properties and can lower cortisol levels. Activities such as yoga and meditation can also help lower your stress hormone levels. To effectively reduce elevated cortisol

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.309177
Retrieved Text: Second-harmonic imaging microscopy of normal human and keratoconus cornea.
Determining in vivo biomechanical properties of the cornea with an ocular response analyzer.
Changes in collagen orientation and distribution in keratoconus corneas.
VEGF-A stimulates lymphangiogenesis and hemangiogenesis in inflammatory neovascularization via macrophage recruitment.
Optical aberrations of the human cornea as a function of age.
Transplantation of preserved human amniotic membrane for surface reconstruction in severely damaged rabbit corneas.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.268535
Retrieved Text: L.A. Brooklyn Bridge Boot Camp | The amazing changes the June Slim & Strong winners created! var scss_share_image=""
You are here: Home / Blog / Uncategorized / The amazing changes the June Slim & Strong winners created!
A week ago the June Slim & Strong session ended.
What is the Slim & Strong Program? It’s an intense 4-week fat loss program. Participants commit to 3x weekly indoor workouts, focused on building strength, agility, flexibility and endurance. The workouts are non-stop cardio mixed with strength training moves, using dumbbells, resistance bands, mats and our own body weight. The first workout usually feels like you got hit by a bus, but you’ll notice the difference just 5 sessions make. The intense workouts are designed to stimulate adrenaline to release body fat. The intensity stimulates the release of growth hormone to get you leaner and keep you young (add sleep and you’ll be rocking!), and stimulates testosterone to further boost muscle growth (yes, even women have small amounts of testosterone). Participants learn that 80% of their fat loss is the result of a clean diet, so they attend my nutrition workshop and get daily emails with motivation, workout ideas and education on how to take the show on the road.
I’ve been running the program since January 2009 and since then thousands of participants have changed their bodies. It’s my most favorite program because I love the transformations people undergo – both physically and mentally. Many people sign up for the changes they want to create in their body, but many take those

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.26046
Retrieved Text: Neuroplasticity can occur when changes happen in the brain and single neurons, network of neurons, or an entire region responds to new stimuli, excitatory or inhibitory. The single neuron is responsible for with synaptic plasticity where the synapses provide information to the individual neurons. Neural networks are next that determine the function of those individual neurons. Cortical remapping happens when the entire region responds to a new stimulus, and the brain restores a pathways or creates an alternative. In sensory areas, the arrangement of receptive fields can change in response to altered circumstances. This is what happens when we want restore or alter behavior.
Neuroplasticity has a couple of critical periods. The first is birth to 3 where connections are forming for the first time. During this time, children need to be exposed to appropriate stimuli to develop these pathways. This stage provides the stable ‘wiring’ in case of incident later in life. If these original pathways are never laid, it is much more difficult to create brand new paths instead of by-pass. The second critical period is 3 to 6 then slows and evens out until early 20s. Even though it settles, neuroplasticity continues until death.
Dopamine in the brain is vital to neuroplasticity and recent studies shows that music stimulates dopaminergic regions. The same neural transmitter is involved in reinforcement learning and reward. Research shows a strong link between these regions and cognitive sub-systems, including orbito-frontal cortex (encoding and temporal memory) and emotional prosodic processing. Even though this study is limited to music listening, the “…music

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.192238
Retrieved Text: Location and date: Borås, Sweden, 8-9. 08. 2010.
The poster looks into structural and organizational changes in Southern Europe higher education as related to the process of adaptation to recommendations of Bologna Declaration (1999) from the point of view of new professional competencies in the LAM sector (Libraries, Archives and Museums). Authors discuss experiences and dilemmas regarding the development of and innovations in new joint graduate program. The collaboration among libraries and archives has always been strong in Southern Europe. However the digital environment demands different knowledge, skills and behaviour of professionals in cultural institution who are less technology oriented and more focused on users. Also, Bologna process stimulates LIS schools in Europe to harmonize their curricula and stimulates discussions about a core courses of these professionals. The aim of the poster is to present results of an analysis of the potentials in joint program designed and offered to students who plan to deepen their knowledge and skills in regard to the heritage documents, collections and services organized in a digital environment. Methodology used is curriculum analysis and interviews with students and staff in heritage institutions who worked with students on their special digitization projects.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.077129
Retrieved Text: Lutroninc INFINI is the next generation of 3D fractional volumization. High-intensity focused radio frequency micro needling rejuvenates skin by boosting collagen production. It improves wrinkles, scars, stretch marks and tightens the skin, improving tone and radiance.
As we age, our collagen levels deplete which causes the skin to sag as we lose elasticity. Radio frequency stimulates collagen production at deep levels of the skin, which gives an overall tightening and lifting effect, as well as improving the skin’s appearance on the surface.
Call into our London based Harley Street clinic for a full consultation.
Two fantastic treatments in one! Lutronic's INFINI uses radio frequency to tighten and improve the appearance of the skin. The radio frequency stimulates collagen production at deeper levels of the skin, giving a tightening and lifting effect, as well as improving the skin’s tone and texture on the surface.
The gold plated micro needles allow for the deeper penetration of the radio frequency at the same time as causing thousands of micro-injuries to the skin. This also stimulates the production of new collagen, dramatically tightening and rejuvenating the skin.
Because Lutronic's INFINI delivers energy from ‘inside’ the skin, and also because radio frequency is not attracted to melanin or the pigment in the skin (like some lasers are), the likelihood of pigment changes in the skin is significantly reduced, therefore INFINI is approved for all skin types, making this treatment among the best for patients who may suffer pigmentation problems from other procedures.
The Infini is also approved for use on all skin types, making this treatment among

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.016145
Retrieved Text: WHAT IS MUMIO AND WHERE’S THE FAITH OF IT’S EFFECTIVE ACTION COME FROM?
Mumio is a natural discharge created in some of the mountain massifs. It is recognized by it’s popular names: “Miracle Balm”, “Mountain Blood” or “Rock Juice”. Mumio is a product which is formed in the process of natural changes appearing in nature. It’s emitted from rocks of certain mountain massifs, occurs in high altitudes in deep caverns, caves in the form of stalactites, icicle clusters etc. You can find it in high mountains of Iran and Arabia, the Himalayas, Central Asia, the Caucasus, Mongolia, India, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Nepal, Kazakhstan, China, Siberia, Altai, Albania, Antarctica. Mumio is the most active from the known biostimulators, many times more effective from the knows ginseng root. Primarily it is a factor which definitely speeds up the regeneration of different body sells. It settles in the form of rocky deposits in hardly accessible caves and mountain rifts at an altitude of 3000-5000 m above sea level. The use of Mumio is recommended by the Traditional Chinese Medicine and Tibetan Medicine.
ARYSTOTELES recommended Mumio for headaches, a "phlegmatic character", chills, facial nerve paralysis, epilepsy. These famous physicians of the ancient Arab world - Abu Ali ibn Sina (AWICENA), Abu Rajchan Muchammad ibn Achmed al-Beruni and others discussed ways of extracting, purifying and applying mumio in the treatment of fractures, dislocations, poisoning, Heine-Medina disease, migraines, gastric ulcer digestive and bladder, tuberculosis, etc.
Contemporary scientific research conducted in leading scientific institutes of the USA, India and Russia showed that the mumio also has an

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.9378
Retrieved Text: NeurOptimal® is a neurofeedback therapy stimulates the brain’s own plasticity, and with its innate capabilites for natural self-regulation, resilience and flexibility.
Neurofeedback therapy is scienfically proven to work so rapid changes in the brain can occur. The implications are that applying this biofeedback training system can help fight depression, anxiety and help adults and children diagnosed with ADD or ADHD. For more info about neurofeedback therapy in Nashville, check out NeuroCare Clinic LLC.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.916241
Retrieved Text: Adequate intake of EFA’s (Essential Fatty Acids), specifically Omega 3’s.
Hydration. Just as dehydration causes dry skin, it affects hair in the same fashion.
Probiotics. Many people taking probiotics for a different health issue and notice an improvement in hair health and the slowing of hair loss! Exercise. Exercise stimulates blood flow which facilitates hair growth! The increased blood flow to hair follicles improves hair growth.
Hormones. An adjustment in hormones can influence the quality and amount of hair. Iguchi recommends checking with your specialist on the off chance that you are encountering changes in your hair or male pattern baldness.(beauty salon 11201 NYC ) A hormone board can demonstrate lacks that need revising to proceed with the development of solid locks!
Don’t overheat when styling with hot curlers, curling or flat irons.
Watch the BLEACH! It’s very drying, and if your hair is too “white” and brittle it’s time to have a talk with your stylist or find a new one!
Conditioner: only use what you need. Some people require from roots to ends and others just the ends. Experiment and learn what makes your hair look fab.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.885484
Retrieved Text: 2. Cut grapefruit in half.
3. Sprinkle cinnamon on top and gently push the whole cloves into the flesh.
4. Broil for about 6 or 7 minutes, or until the grapefruit flesh starts to brown slightly.
5. Drizzle honey on top. Serve immediately.
How Can Broiled Grapefruit with Cinnamon Make You Feel Great?
This internal debate is usually very different for a Kapha person. Desserts are generally sweet, cool and heavy - exactly the opposite of what supports a Kapha type! They tend to crave desserts more than others and struggle to resist the sweet temptation. However, Kapha's are most prone to post indulgent side effects including congestion, excess mucus, a dull feeling in the head and sluggish digestion. They are often left asking themselves - is it worth it?
This 'Broiled Grapefruit' dessert will satisfy any sweet tooth without the usual side effects. Fresh and juicy, this fruit is sour and bitter to taste. The sourness adds a digestive element to the dessert, stimulating the release of gastric juices and promoting efficient fat metabolism. The bitter taste adds a purifying element to the dish, as it stimulates the flow of bile, cleansing any congestion in the liver and gall bladder. After eating this, you'll feel satisfied but not stuffed.
Cloves, cinnamon and honey combined are powerful decongestants which draw out excess mucus leaving your nasal passages and sinuses clear. This combination warms the blood on a cold day, stimulates circulation and also kick starts a sluggish Kapha stomach. Never cook or heat honey. This changes its clearing properties to clogging, and can

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.816388
Retrieved Text: The following HGH videos explain how beneficial HGH is for you and how it works to increase the Human Growth Hormones, thereby improving your overall health.
1. HGH Energizer Reviews Dr.Oz HGH energizer is a recharge supplement that potentially gives you energy of someone who is 20 years younger. Dr.Oz in this video, explains how HGH energizer helps your body grow and look younger.
2. HGH Energizer – How much is enough? HGH is a natural supplement with no synthetic Growth hormone in it. HGH releases amino acids that stimulates pituitary glands to release growth hormones naturally. In the video you’ll get to know what amount of HGH supplement is required for body.
3. What is HGH (Human Growth Hormone)and How it work? Dr. Alex Martin in this HGH video explains how well HGH works for people of all ages. Even at the age of 60 or above.
4.HGH Energizer customers reviewsSteven – “This stuff actually works, I am 36 years old and doctor had asked me to start working out to control my Blood pressure. I noticed a huge change after taking HGH”. How HGH energizer worked and what changes Steven experienced are explained in the video.
HGH energizer worked for a 60 year old Mom.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.81195
Retrieved Text: SOUL VOYAGE is a meditator’s delight as its Ch‘inatas are charged with Ch‘i and healing intent by Ch‘i Gung Pianist Kevin Misevis, who spontaneously performs and channels Ch‘i Gung Piano Healing Music on a rarely heard 7’ 4” August Förster Grand Piano while Master Wan Su Jian & 4 Ch‘i Gung masters, doctors and disciples from Beijing, China along with Misevis, charge SOUL VOYAGE with compassionate love, Ch‘i and healing intent.
SOUL VOYAGE draws you in to a quiet mindfulness that stimulates awareness of the breath and helps you notice how subtle changes in your breathing can raise or lower consciousness, blood pressure, stress and anxiety.
SOUL VOYAGE uses the Ch‘i of the Universe to send you on a peregrination deep into your soul where you will meet the real you. Put SOUL VOYAGE in your phone, in your car, at work or when at the beach, skiing, during dinner, massage or body work and especially when reading Change What You Eat and Drink from my book Healing Journeys and Tune-in to the Grandeur of Nature e. Bon voyage.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.799468
Retrieved Text: DESCRIPTION: Rosâge Nourishing Night Oil-in-Cream from Anne Möller is a nourishing evening oil-in-cream enriched with proteoglycans and soybean oil.
Its Probiotic Skin Supplement technology addresses the 13 signs of aging, offsetting the nutritional deficit that the skin undergoes due to premenopausal and menopausal hormone changes. It stimulates the self-regenerating power of the skin, improves its quality and density, reduces the appearance of wrinkles and gives maximum elasticity and nutrition.
Its cream texture becomes a delicate oil on the skin for immediate comfort and softness.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.794474
Retrieved Text: Chemical peels are a medical grade weapon in the battle for perfect skin but how do they work & which one is right for you?
Chemical Skin Peels can target dull complexion, uneven skin tone, skin ageing, pigmentation marks & blemishes, they can even tackle acne head-on, revealing luminous & radiant skin.
Let’s go a little deeper into the world of chemical peels to discover what each peel does, to aid that choice of which peel is right for you!
What happens on the surface?
Similar to a snake shedding its skin, after a chemical peel we often loose our top layer of dead skin, revealing the new skin underneath, resulting in a smoother complexion.
So, what happens beneath the surface?
Depending on the peel recommended to you by our clinical therapists, your cells will go through some changes that will help treat your skin priorities from inside & out.
Destroys the cells that are rich in melanin from beneath the skin and eliminates any pigmentation on the surface.
Eliminates skin cells rich in melanin E.g. from sun damage and hyperpigmentation problems.
Targets oily skin, acne & breakouts on the surface and the bacteria causing it, within the skin.
Unblocks pores and clears away dead skin cells preventing the congestion where spots love to form, kills the bacteria which causes breakouts and treats existing blemishes on the surface.
This peel is often used in conjunction with two types of LED Advanced light therapy to promote healing & control bacterial growth.
Removes dead skin cells, which often contain pigment and impurities (which cause fine lines) and stimulates collagen &

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.7895775
Retrieved Text: Did you know that bananas can solve some of the health problems more effective than pills? Meet the healthy side of bananas and avoid pharmaceutical products, if you can.
Three types of sugar and plenty of fiber are the reasons why bananas are excellent energy sources. In addition, the nutritional value is powerful in eliminating many health issues, for which we would always reach for a pill.
Bananas contain pectin, which speeds up digestion and stimulates the removal of toxins and heavy metals from the body. In addition, their performance is probiotic and stimulates the bowel. All these factors stimulate digestion and reduce bloating, while fibers from soft fruit awaken intestines and act as natural laxatives in constipation.
They call it a disease of the modern era, as we continually have effects on our health from stress, because it accelerates the metabolism while decreasing the level of potassium in the organism. The balance can be established with just one banana, which contains enough potassium to help normalize the heartbeat, sending oxygen to the brain and regulating of the optimal amount of water in the body.
It is known that a large intake of sodium and low intake on potassium has negative impact on the blood pressure. Therefore, it is important to supply the body with a large amount of potassium, which bananas are rich with. It is recommended to eat one banana each morning, and it will help you maintain your blood pressure.
Bananas are rich in vitamin B6, which helps with blood glucose levels, and it has been proven that

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.769508
Retrieved Text: Mountain is not just an ordinary slide. It is play equipment combined with the essence of a large mountain, and its form stimulates children's imagination. Going up the uneven steps is like climbing a mountain, the approach to the top is like crossing an arched bridge, going down the spiral slide changes the view rapidly, and the cave is the best place to hide or take a rest. These features make children want to use this slide again and again, and each time they slide down, they can discover something new.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.74779
Retrieved Text: Clinical hypnotherapy is a powerful, non-invasive tool which stimulates the subconscious mind to be extremely open to positive suggestion.
The sub-conscious part of your brain stores all of your previous life experiences, your beliefs, your memories, your skills, all situations you’ve been through and all images you’ve ever seen.
It is responsible for the automatically triggered feelings and emotions that you suddenly experience upon facing a new situation.
It also controls your involuntary actions such as your breathing and heart rate. By communicating directly with our sub-conscious mind through skilled relaxation techniques, hypnosis allows us to make deep and lasting changes to our thoughts, emotions and behaviours.
I create a treatment plan specific to your needs and treatment.
Your initial consultation is free and without obligation. The session usually lasts about 45 minutes and there is no treatment involved at this stage. It is an opportunity for you to find out more about hypnotherapy, the treatment process and whether hypnotherapy is right for you. It will also give me an insight into what you hope to achieve from hypnotherapy.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.701424
Retrieved Text: Differential responses of adult cardiac fibroblasts to in vitro biaxial strain patterns.
An introductory review of cell mechanobiology.
Effects of static and cyclic loading in regulating extracellular matrix synthesis by cardiovascular cells.
In vivo assessment of regional mechanics post-myocardial infarction: A focus on the road ahead.
Transforming growth factor beta-1 (TGF-β1) stimulates collagen synthesis in cultured rainbow trout cardiac fibroblasts.
Exercise- and hypertension-induced collagen changes are related to left ventricular function in rat hearts.
Strain fields on cell stressing devices employing clamped circular elastic diaphragms as substrates.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.618793
Retrieved Text: DENVER -- It seems like something out of a science fiction movie -- a cryogenic tank complete with smoking liquid nitrogen billowing from its lid. Inside the temperature drops to 300 degrees below zero, and it could be the best beauty treatment on the market. Doctors at the Cherry Creek Spine and Sport Clinic say something called Whole Body Cryotherapy uses the cold to draw blood away from your extremities and closer to your heart, enriching your blood with more oxygen. The process gets rid of toxins and stimulates collagen, improving your skin, and reducing the effect of hormonal changes.

================



======= Instance Index 10254 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Sperm are released from the body during ejaculation . Ejaculation occurs when muscle contractions propel sperm from the epididymis. The sperm are forced through the ducts and out of the body through the urethra. As sperm travel through the ducts, they mix with fluids from the glands to form semen. Hundreds of millions of sperm are released with each ejaculation.


Q: What is released from the body during ejaculation?

 Choices:

- saliva

- urine

- blood

- sperm

A:

Target Text: sperm

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.272865
Retrieved Text: We may face tension due to various reasons. It is because of an important meeting, or during exams or interviews. Sometimes, we may tense while watching crucial cricket match or looking at a horror movie.
There may be main reasons for getting excitement or tension or anxiety. While we are in excitement or tension, our body releases few hormones which will overcome the impacts with tension. On the other hand, the human body can increase these hormone generations so that we can reduce the tension.
Do you know what hormones are released during tension?
Our body releases some hormones during tension. These hormones help in giving strength and energy during tension.
Cortisol, Adrenaline, and Noradrenaline are the hormones released during tension. Here tension is caused due to sadness or angry or sudden shock.
At the time of bad experiences our brain releases these hormones into the blood stream and helps us to control the tension by dilating the blood vessels, increasing the pulse rate of the heart and by raising the blood pressure which helps in reducing the impact of tension on other organs of the body.
For Example: When a person gets angry with anyone, then the above hormones will be released. Then the person will express his anger by scolding. However, these hormones will help the body in such a way that the angry will not impact on other organs. If the brain doesn’t release these hormones during tension, the person may get paralysis or stroke.
This is how hormones help us to fight against the tension situation.
Apart from the above

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.950958
Retrieved Text: During the early 60s, two friends, one from Barcelona (Arnau) and one from Madrid (Campos) bought a plastics manufacturing company that was bordering on bankruptcy: Madel (Manufacturas Delgado=Delgado Manufacturing). Arnau is the son of the founder of Exin Bros, one of the largest toy makers company in Spain. The same company that made Scalextric slot cars , Exin castillos, Cine Exin and others.
The first madelman figures were released during Xmas 68, in a small display box that was later changed to the standard box in 1971. The early madelman figures didn't have feet but rather pegs onto which the boots were fitted. Also, they had what collectors call �crystal eyes�, which were handpainted!
About 75/76, they developed the second madelman figure, which had jointed feet and painted eyes. A female figure was also added to the line. A third body type was released during the last years of Madelman in 82/84. Instead of being a new body, it was just a combination of previously released figures: torso, arms and chest from the male body and the legs of the female body.
Madelman figures were eventually manufactured in Mexico, by Exinmex. The molds made by Exinmex were the same as those made in Spain, but there were remarkable differences in the quality of both the costumes and accessories. Exinmex also released some figures that were different from the Madel Spain line.
The only problem with the figures were that they were too fragile, their hard fingers and knee and elbow joints were easily broken. Still, I don�t think that there

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.821983
Retrieved Text: What is IONIC? IONIC is a support range that incorporates negative ion therapy using formulated tourmaline screen printing. Negative ions are air molecules that have gained an electron to get a negative charge. Tourmaline is a naturally occurring crystal that when ground down to powder form releases an electric charge. The charge released will then convert the surrounding air molecules to negative ions. How does it effect the body? High levels of negative ions in the body: Improved hydration capacity of blood. High levels of negative ions in the body: Improved hydration capacity of blood. Ease of movement through blood vessels = improved circulation Negative ions are predominately absorbed by the body through the skin. When they enter the blood they convert the charge of the body’s molecules to a negative charge. The energy released during this bonding encourages and promotes regulation of the body’s mechanisms. The energy released affects the configuration of water molecules of the blood improving their hydration capacity. This makes bodily fluids such as blood cells, lymph and fats more mobile, increasing and improving circulation. Stimulate: Negative ions stimulate and regulate the circulatory system and increase cells ability to absorb and use oxygen. This helps to increase oxygen delivery to cells and tissue. Helps to improve the permeability of cells prototype plasma membranes, encouraging a faster metabolic rate. Helps to speed up oxidation of serotonin in the blood, contributing to mood levels and pain relief. Aids in regulating enzyme activity. Strengthen: Increased oxygen levels in the blood and a faster delivery of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.693695
Retrieved Text: ​CLICK HEREFor Our GROUPON Seasonal Package Deals!
Is the Laser Lipo safe?
Absolutely! Laser Lipo treatments are completely non-invasive and our clients experience no pain. We use a low-level laser technology that has been used over 30 years for several biomedical purposes including wound healing, pain relief and the treatment of inflammation. It is even approved by the FDA!
What can I expect during a Laser Lipo treatment?
Our Clients relax in a private comfortable laying down position, our technician will securely place 2-10 laser paddles on your target area(s) such as hips, tummy, arms or thighs for 15 minutes.
Will I feel any pain of discomfort?
No, in fact, most of our clients fall asleep, it's that relaxing! Since this is a low-level laser your most likely not to feel anything at all!
Most of our clients will see measurable results after their first 1-3 treatments. Results do vary, however, a standard treatment protocol consists of 3-6, 20-30 minute sessions done over 8 weeks. Best results are achieved when our Laser Lipo clients perform a cardio exercise for 10 minutes immediately after their treatments and drink plenty of water right after the session to help flush out the lipolysis (melted fatty tissue).
Without the extra water, it will be more difficult for your body to eliminate the contents released from the treatment. Give your body the help it needs to carry away the toxins lipolysis (melted fatty tissue).
Exercising is important to increase fluid movement throughout the body so that the newly released lipolysis (melted fatty tissue) can be burned as an energy source.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.575098
Retrieved Text: The Body Code is so effective because it allows us to find specific problems and simply remove them. The Body Code is a tool to be used to tap into our subconscious mind to determine what imbalances need to be corrected. Like a computer the subconscious mind will record every belief, thought, word or action that has been recorded throughout our lifetime by our input devices. What we see, hear, taste, speak and feel from the moment of conception until now is recorded on this “hard-drive” within our mind. Our sub-conscious mind programs itself based on the environment in which we receive the input. This is why it is so important to understand that our culture, religion, family history, social environment and community are so important in understanding who and what we have become. Once the old programs are released, we can input and reprogram our true “heart desires”.
Using kinesiology we can enter the sub-conscious through specific wording that will elicit a “yes” or “no” response. The muscles of the body will weaken if the answer is “no” and the muscles of the body will strengthen if the answer is “yes”. It is possible to tap into the “programming” of the body to determine if there is an imbalance which can be corrected to change our current life experience to one we want and need.
How a Body Code Session is Done: Either in person or via proxy (over the phone, Skype or by email), the practitioner connects with the client’s energetic field and subconscious. Using Body

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.1591
Retrieved Text: In this post (Biology Quiz), we are providing Complete Notes on Biology MCQ for the upcoming SSC CGL Exam and other competitive exams. .. Biology जीवविज्ञान Quiz # Complete Biology Study material Notes for SSC Exams. Complete Biology Notes for Competitive EXAM.
Which of the following hormone is released in excess quantity during excitement ?
What are the blood corpuscles that help to build up resistance against diseases ?
Which is the gland that holds the body s thermostat?
What is the chromosome number in a human ovum ?
Hashish is obtained from a plant. From which part of the plant is it obtained ?
(c) Exudate from leaves and female inflorescences.
(d) Exudate from stem and male inflorescences.
The presence of what distinguishes a plant cell from an animal cell?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.984907
Retrieved Text: Ovulation is the release of a single, mature egg from a follicle that developed in the ovary. It usually occurs regularly, around day 14 of a 28-day menstrual cycle. Once released, the egg is capable of being fertilized for 12 to 48 hours before it begins to disintegrate. This is the most fertile period of your cycle: during ovulation your chances of conception are highest.
Ovulation usually takes place 14 days after the beginning of your menstrual cycle. The time of ovulation within the menstrual cycle is determined by the luteal phase, which is usually 12 to 16 days long. You can calculate the time of ovulation within your cycle by subtracting the length of your luteal phase from the length of your cycle. For example, if your cycle is 28 days long and your luteal phase is 12 days long, the ovulation will occur on day 16 of your cycle (28-12=16). The exact time of ovulation may vary within your cycle, because ovulation can be delayed by a number of factors such as stress, illness, diet, or increased physical activity.
How does ovulation determine my fertile days?
Your fertile period starts about 4-5 days before ovulation, and ends about 24-48 hours after it. This is because sperm can live in your body for approximately 4 to 5 days, and the egg can live for 24 to 48 hours after being released. You are most fertile on the day before and the day of ovulation. Knowing your fertile days can help you increase your chances of getting pregnant, or

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.951658
Retrieved Text: Karwa Chauth is a fast undertaken by married Hindu women who offer prayers seeking the welfare, prosperity, well-being, and longevity of their husbands. A married woman who observes this vrat is called ‘Saubhagyavati’ (joyous and happy state of wifehood). As the name signifies, Karva meaning a clay pot and chauth corresponding to the fourth, this festival is commemorated on the the fourth day after the Full Moon in Kartik month of Hindu calendar.
* Eating only fruits and vegetables.
* Eating only one meal a day.
* Giving up non-vegetarian food.
* Eating on alternate days.
“When you fast, a lot of toxins are released from the body,” Setalvad says. You will feel lethargic and moody, but those are just signs of toxics being released.
Nutritionist and fitness expert Asha Bachanni says fasting also helps in weight loss. “Carbohydrates and glucose in the body are used up during a fast. This then breaks down fat cells,” she says.
Fasting can help slow the aging process, adds Bachanni. “Normally, the body’s energy is used up by the digestion process. During fasting, the body focuses on cleansing, boosting the repair mechanism of the body,” she explains.
Setalvad is against giving up food completely. “Eat apples, watermelon, raw cucumbers and carrots instead. Eating fruits and vegetables will give your body the essential nutrients it needs. Sprouts are a great addition,” she advises.
Setalvad also recommends incorporating rock salt and cold-pressed oils to your food to cut down on chemicals that enter your body. Giving up on water is an absolute no. Water helps in getting rid of those

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.910354
Retrieved Text: Home Ask Why is sleep important for weight loss?
If you have been trying to shed a few pounds but noticed that your efforts are going in vain and you are unable to meet your goals of losing weight, you might be missing something, a good night sleep.
Sleep is one of the central elements in helping to control weight. Sleep helps the body regain its energy and revitalize itself; sleep also helps maintain the balance of hormone levels that affect the body weight.
On average, an adult should get about 8 hours of sleep per day. Sleep mainly affects two hormones in the body, namely Ghrelin and leptin; these two hormones in turn influence the appetite. The former is released by the stomach and causes an increase in the appetite, whereas the latter is released by fat cells in the body and responsible for decreasing the appetite.
Lack of sleep can imbalance the hormonal levels and therefore lower the levels of leptin and increase the levels of ghrelin, which result in an increased appetite and therefore weight gain.
Growth hormone is a hormone released from pituitary gland in increased amounts during sleep; it is also released when you're awake but in quantities lesser than those released during the sleep. Growth hormone can cause growth of the body by increasing cell reproduction and regeneration. Increased reproduction and regeneration means increased usage of nutritional reserves; therefore, the greater the metabolism the greater is the use of energy (hence the stored fat) and the better is the weight loss.
Getting the right amount of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.879773
Retrieved Text: Funeral Advantage have been mostly hermetic since the release of 'Body Is Dead', the band’s 2015 debut album. With the exception of some sporadic touring through the US and Canada, Tyler Kershaw (Funeral Advantage’s sole member) has kept to himself, writing and recording what would be the next chapter of Funeral Advantage – a new EP entitled ‘Please Help Me’.
If 'Body Is Dead' came from a place of hope, 'Please Help Me' comes from a place of desolation and confusion. Written during the disintegration of a long term relationship, the record works through the existential feelings of hopelessness and meaninglessness that followed.
While the lyrical content is much darker on this release, musically ’Please Help Me’ picks up where ‘Body Is Dead’ left off – irresistibly bright, and melodic dream-pop. ‘Please Help Me’ will be released on February 24th on limited edition vinyl and cassette tape, as well as digitally.
We're excited to be working with Disposable America on the cassette release of 'Please Help Me'. We have a few copies available for pre-order.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.819058
Retrieved Text: Do kids really grow when they sleep?
I want to be taller – can sleep help me grow?
It is indeed during deep sleep that growth hormone does its job. Growth hormone is made and released from the pituitary gland in our mid-brains and is very important for, you guessed it, growth.
During deep sleep states, when your body is totally relaxed, growth hormone instructs your bones to thicken and length.
The activities that you do during the day can also have an impact on how tall you get. Being active and doing jarring activities like skipping, jumping and falling will cause tiny breaks in your bones which will signal to your body that repair is needed that night.
What you eat can also have an impact on your growth. If you are eating enough proteins, vitamins and minerals every day (think fruit, vegetables, dairy and lean meats) then your body will have the building blocks it needs for strong bones. If you eat mainly carbohydrates and fats, then your body will be able to grow wider, but not taller.
Children who do not get enough to eat, or the right stuff to eat, are called ‘stunted’. This means that although they could have been taller, they won’t be as tall as they could have been because they didn’t have the building blocks they needed.
If you are very worried that you are too tall or too small for your age then get your parents to take you for a check-up at your local doctor.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.814322
Retrieved Text: Sleep and bodybuilding are inseparable concepts. In fact, sleep is one of the key factors in bodybuilding. Over 90% of the growth hormone is released at night. The period of 24-48 hours (including sleep time) after a hard workout is very important. During this time muscle fiber are repaired and new are built.
Sleep for bodybuilding, as for the whole life is the main time for amino acid metabolism, protein synthesis and release of hormones. It is important to understand the phenomenon of sleep – how do hormones behave themselves, and how they are affected by exercise. But it is even more important to find out what you can do to improve sleep and accelerate recovery processes. You know that training with weights increases lean body mass, increases strength and helps get rid of excess fat. A normal human muscle growth occurs only when the protein synthesis exceeds proteolysis, its dissolution. In muscle cells, there should be a positive nitrogen balance to keep them in an anabolic state.
Training with weights accelerates the production of muscle, but without proper nutrition and reception of necessary food supplements, it is able to plunge your body in a catabolic state. The presence of amino acids is a very important factor for protein synthesis. If amino acids are at the maximum number, then protein synthesis is maximal. Since amino acids are used to repair and rebuild muscle fibers during sleep it makes sense to give your body all the key amino acids just before bedtime to prevent muscle breakdown and spur their

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.8013315
Retrieved Text: Increases fat breakdown and mobilization from our fat tissue and glycerol to glucose in our liver. Because cortisol also promotes the breakdown of our body protein, especially skeletal muscle protein, it ensures a supply of amino acids for conversion to glucose in our liver (Figure 4.5).
Exercise promotes the breakdown of carbohydrate stores in muscle.
What Happens to Stored Carbohydrate (Glycogen) During Exercise?
The hormone picture that develops during exercise is similar to the one discussed regarding a fasting period; however, there are relative differences. Epinephrine is released from our adrenal glands as a direct effect of exercise.
Figure 4.5 During fasting and endurance exercise (at least moderate intensity) cortisol causes the breakdown of muscle protein and some amino acids can be used to make glucose in our liver.
Quite simply, the greater the exercise intensity, the greater the epinephrine release. Epinephrine stimulates the breakdown of muscle cell glycogen (see Table 4.5 and Figure 4.3). This makes glucose available for the muscle cells hard at work. Epinephrine also promotes the breakdown of glycogen to glucose in the liver. Some of this glucose will then circulate to working muscle to provide support. Cortisol may also be released in response to moderate to intense exercise, particularly as the exercise becomes prolonged (for example, endurance cycling and running). Cortisol will also support the breakdown of glycogen as well as gluconeogenesis in our liver.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.711484
Retrieved Text: Following Jessica Simpson‘s Christmas day confirmation of her pregnancy, Weight Watchers has extended their congratulations to the spokeswoman.
“What an amazing year you’ve had!” the organization Tweeted following the Fashion Star judge’s announcement on Tuesday.
Simpson – who lost more than 50 lbs. with Weight Watchers – “will not be following the program during the pregnancy while her weight and well-being are monitored by her obstetrician, as is recommended for any woman during pregnancy,” Weight Watchers says in a statement.
The organization also released a new television advertisement on Wednesday with Simpson sharing the news of her second pregnancy with viewers.
In the spot, the 32-year-old, who gave birth to daughter Maxwell seven months ago, reveals her new body.
In a statement released Wednesday, Weight Watchers’ Senior Vice President of Marketing Cheryl Callan praised Simpson’s efforts.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.707733
Retrieved Text: PHOENIX (AP) Almost two years after he was released during spring training, Brett Lawrie is getting a second chance to play baseball again.
Lawrie finalized a minor league deal with the Milwaukee Brewers on Sunday, returning to the organization that took him in the first round of the 2008 draft. But it's going to be a while before he takes the field with any team in their system.
The Brewers are planning to go very slowly with Lawrie, who hasn't appeared in a regular-season game since July 21, 2016, with the Chicago White Sox. General manager David Stearns said the infielder is going to spend the next six weeks "putting his body in the best position to succeed moving forward," and then progress to baseball activities.
"It's a long period, but we've got time," Stearns said. "There's no rush here. This is a player who hasn't played in the major leagues for two years, and he recognizes that there's a significant amount of work to be done before he can get back on the field."
The 29-year-old Lawrie underwent what Stearns called "a very comprehensive performance evaluation" before the contract was announced. Stearns said Lawrie is healthy, but they wanted to understand what was going on with his body from a physical perspective.
"He has had a number of lower-body injuries, and before we put him back out on the field, we want to understand why," Stearns said. "And we want to do our best to give him a comprehensive plan for, `This is how we believe we can get you

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.701976
Retrieved Text: September 10, 2018 - This African elephant is on the verge of death. It was likely tusked in its side by another male elephant during a fight. What happens next reveals how enormously important an elephant is to its ecosystem. Elephants arrive on the scene to mourn the loss of their fellow elephant. The mourning process includes “body-mounting,” in which they climb on the carcass. They also mourn by walking backwards towards the body, often touching it with their hind foot. They will explore the body with their trunks and front feet. Whether elephants culturally transmit and learn these actions is part of an ongoing study. Hyenas arrived overnight and opened the belly of the carcass, tearing through the tough elephant hide. This gives the opportunity for white-backed vultures to feed.
Vultures don’t have strong enough beaks to tear through the elephant's hide, so they have to wait in line behind the hyenas. While sad, these deaths are crucial for ecosystems. These feasts can be life saving for vultures, whose populations have plummeted worldwide as humans have changed their habitats and poisoned them. A leopard comes to investigate but decides to eat elsewhere. Elephant carcasses briefly become busy ecosystems of their own. Apart from scavenging, there’s a full community of decomposers like maggots that chow down on anything the bigger scavengers don’t get to quickly enough. A carcass site becomes soaked with blood and fluids that are released during decomposition, creating a fertile patch of ground as microbes release nutrients into the soil.
Scientists use carcass counts for

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.637823
Retrieved Text: / Slow Wave Sleep – What Is It and Why Is It So Important?
We’ve all heard the formula for healthy living – eat right, exercise, and get enough sleep. It’s easy to see how your diet and exercise can affect your overall health, but what about sleep? What impact does slow wave sleep have on the body and why is it so important?
As scientists and researchers continue to learn more about the brain, the body and the sleep process, it becomes more apparent that sleep does play an important role in our health, development and longevity. This is especially true for one sleep cycle known as slow wave sleep.
Have you ever been woken by the phone in the middle of the night? Were you confused and disoriented when you answered the phone? You were probably experiencing slow wave sleep. Slow wave sleep is the deep sleep that we experience through about one-third of the night.
2 What is Slow Wave Sleep?
3 Why is Slow Wave Sleep So Important?
4 How Can You Increase Slow Wave Sleep?
People commonly think of sleep in terms of random eye movement (REM sleep). Research suggests that we experience REM sleep for about 20% of the night. The rest of the night is dedicated to non-random eye movement sleep (NREM).
During the 80% of the night that we experience non-REM sleep, we typically go through four stages of sleep.
Stage 1 Light Sleep: This is the time when your eyes start to get heavy and your muscles start to relax. Picture someone’s head bobbing as they

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.631472
Retrieved Text: What will my massage feel like?
Your massage session starts with broad flowing strokes to calm the nervous system, relaxing exterior muscle tension. As you unwind, increased pressure aids the deeper muscles to release. All you have to do is close your eyes, breathe, and drift away.
How should I feel after my massage?
You may experience an increase in energy and heightened awareness that lasts for days. Most people experience freedom from long term aches and pains.
The average full body massage lasts one hour. Localized body work is usually performed in 30 minute increments focusing on troubled areas of muscular tension.
Allowing yourself a period of relaxation time prior to and immediately after your session will help to achieve the maximum benefit of your massage.
Since toxins are released from your muscles, you should drink plenty of water after your session.
For your benefit, pagers and cell phones must be turned off during your session.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.626975
Retrieved Text: California personal injury – San Mateo County morgue evacuated!
Legal news for California personal injury attorneys. San Mateo County morgue evacuated after body released chemical odor.
California personal injury attorneys alert- A evacuation of the San Mateo County morgue was implemented after deceased person released a chemical odor.
San Francisco Bay, CA—The San Mateo County morgue was evacuated after a body released a pungent chemical odor during an autopsy. The strong odor affected three staff members, who complained of sore throats and feeling light-headed. The evacuation happened on Thursday, September 10, 2009, around 11:00 a.m. at the San Mateo Medical Center, as reported by KTVU.
According to officials, a body of a deceased patient from Kaiser Permanente Medical Center in Redwood City was undergoing an autopsy at the San Mateo County morgue, when the body released chemical odor when the body was opened up. Apparently the deceased person had ingested acetone, which is a colorless, flammable liquid usually used in paint thinner. Three staff members at the morgue were affected by the pungent odor and had to seek medical treatment by emergency medical services (EMS) crews. The affected workers complained of sore throats and were feeling light-headed. The staff members were reportedly treated at the scene by EMS professionals and were released. The San Mateo County morgue had to be evacuated as a result of the release of the chemical odor.
The body was identified as 23-year-old Jaime Cervantez of unincorporated Redwood City. According to the Oakland Tribune, an EMS crew found Cervantez unconscious and transported him to a Redwood City

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.6269655
Retrieved Text: What Happens to the Heart Rate After Exercise?
Why Does Your pH Level Drop When You Exercise?
Does Glycogen Increase During Exercise?
What Happens to the Intercostal Muscles in Exercise?
Why Are Proteins Used As the Last Source of Energy?
All adults in the United States are encouraged to get at least 30 minutes a day of exercise most days of the week, according to recommendations by the American Heart Association. Exercise relies on a complex set of reactions within your body to provide the work and energy needed to perform physical activity. One of the main players in this series of reactions is the lungs, especially in relation to oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Carbon dioxide output relies largely on the amount of energy your body is using. Your body constantly needs energy for basic operations such as your heart beat and digestive system, which means carbon dioxide is always being produced as well. However, as you exercise, you significantly increase the energy needs in your body as your muscles work at an accelerated and more intense pace.
To create new energy, oxygen must be present in the bloodstream. The more energy being used through exercise, the more oxygen is needed to create new energy. To meet these needs, your body initiates an increase in both your respiratory rate and your heart rate. The increased respiratory rate increases how much oxygen is inhaled into the lungs and transferred into the bloodstream. The increased heart rate speeds up how quickly oxygen can be transported to the cells for energy creation.
Once oxygen makes it to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.571155
Retrieved Text: In a novel brain-imaging study among trauma victims, researchers at NYU Langone Medical Center have linked an opioid receptor in the brain — associated with emotions — to a narrow cluster of trauma symptoms, including sadness, emotional detachment and listlessness.
Kappa opioid receptors bind a potent natural opioid known as dynorphin, which is released by the body during times of stress to help relieve dysphoria or numbing.
What a powerful metaphorical relationship between what is happening in the brain to these kappa opioid receptors and the behavioural response. This might well be a neuroscience nugget that helps someone struggling with PTSD or other responses to chronic stress (pain?) understand and ground their experience and feelings of withdrawal from society and life.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.562499
Retrieved Text: Protecting Kids from the Heat: What does heat exhaustion look like?
Heat and humidity are at their peak, leaving children vulnerable to heat-related illness. Extreme heat can cause children to become sick from dehydration, heat cramps, heat exhaustion and heat stroke. Here is what you need to know to protect your children from the potential health effects of extreme heat.
What does heat stroke & heat exhaustion look like in kids?
Take a core body temperature, preferably rectal; and if > 103 degrees, seek medical attention.
Follow the same instructions for heat cramps, such as bringing the child to a cool place and giving them a drink.
Prepare a bath, shower or sponge bath with cool water.
Heat exhaustion can lead to heat stroke, so consider seeking medical attention, especially if the temperature is > 103 degrees.
How is heat stroke different from heat exhaustion?
Heat stroke is a potentially deadly condition in which the body’s thermostat malfunctions and body temperatures can reach 104 degrees or higher within 10-15 minutes. This is a very different problem than fever of 104 degrees because external factors are driving up the body temperature. Compounding the problem is the person is unable to perspire adequately so body heat is retained rather than released. Symptoms include: red, hot, dry skin; throbbing headache; nausea; dizziness; confusion; seizures; or even unconsciousness.
It is imperative to seek emergency medical assistance while cooling the person. Move the child to a cool place, remove clothing that might be trapping heat, and get cool water on the skin. DO NOT try to give anyone in this

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.5498905
Retrieved Text: The old saying that, "there are only two things in life for certain ... death and taxes" could be more accurately stated, "there are only two things in life that are certain ... death and sleep". No one knows exactly why we sleep, however, it is known that people who are deprived of sleep for long periods of time become sick.
Some researchers believe that the body repairs itself and regenerates cells during sleep ... and this is true. However, the body continuously repairs itself while awake also. The only thing that is known for sure that we must sleep ... and one way or another the body will obtain it.
STAGE 1: Prior to sleep, people start to relax and drift in and out of consciousness.
STAGE 2: During this part of the cycle sleep is very "light" and the person can be easily awakened.
STAGE 3: By this time the sleeper is difficult to arouse becasuse the sleep has become very deep. It has been noted by researchers that the eyes will often move from side-to-side .
STAGE 4: Large amounts of hormones are released during this stage.
STAGE 3: The sleeper reverses the process and proceeds through stage 3.
STAGE 2: Stage 2 is revisited.
STAGE 5 (REM): Rather than proceeding to stage one, the sleeper enters into, what is known as, REM (random/rapid eye movement) sleep. This is when most of our remembered dreams occur.
The above cycle repeats itself four to five times per night for the average sleeper.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.482496
Retrieved Text: Hollywood’s superstar Miley Cyrus is on the top gossips of the people of is keen to lose their extra body weight. No doubt she was a top star in the show biz but the time when she joined the Pilates classes to reduce her body weight, her fame graph has crossed all the previous limits now another feature add to her popularity that her instructor Mari Winsor has released a new DVD that contains the tutorial classes for the abs work out in just $15.
19-year old Hannah Montana star Miley Cyrus joined the Pilates classes earlier this year and did a really great job through his exercise she has lost about 20 lbs during that course of time through work out and Miley Cyrus credits Mari Winsor Pilates for her new found abs. To cash that fame Mari Winsor has released a DVD that is available for $15. In that DVD you can see that how Miley has transformed herself in that particular toned physique.
Miley Cyrus joined the Pilate classes when she got recover from an allergy during that suffering she avoids the Gluten which affect her body in the shape of weight loss. She also advised her fans to avoid for some day to lose their extra weight.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.427676
Retrieved Text: Does Your Swing Need Separation,Connection,or Both?
Do you need a marriage counselor for your golf game?
Are you separated, connected, or both? I'm not talking about your relationship to your significant other. I'm talking about your golf swing. The full golf swing has many moving parts. From the feet all the way up to the head, body parts are bending, twisting, gliding, and sliding. Despite the complexities that are apparent, there are really two concepts that are critical to the success for a sound golf swing: separation and connection.
A powerful golf swing demands that energy gets stored in the take away and released in the follow-through. In order to store energy efficiently, your body must develop what has been referred to as "coil." Coiling involves having a stable base of support (your legs) and moving your upper body (trunk) around that base of support. Another way of thinking about this concept would be to think of "separating" your upper body from your lower body. In order to have a lot of separation, you must have flexibility in two key areas: your hips and the middle portion of your spine. These are the areas where rotation happens and separation occurs between your upper and lower body. The more separation that exists, the more coil you develop and the more energy you store.
Once this energy is stored it must be released effectively for a successful outcome (a shot that flies to its intended target) between the club and the ball. During the downswing an effective release is created by keeping

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.390516
Retrieved Text: We go to bed each night and we wake up in the morning. But what exactly happens to us during the time when we sleep?
Most of us remember those first few moments as our body relaxes and we doze off and then the next thing we really remember is waking up to perhaps some remnants of a dream. What is interesting therefore to know, is what happens to our bodies during that in between time. Do our bodies still use energy? Is our brain resting and turned off? And what role do our dreams play in all of this?
To begin with then, let us look at the components of our bodies and what happens to them when we sleep.
While you sleep you are still burning calories and thus using energy. Many people think that we do not burn energy when we sleep, but this is of course a very incorrect assumption. We need to burn energy to fuel our brains still and keep all of our organs, tissues and cells alive.
In fact we can burn anywhere from roughly 400 to 900 calories sleeping for 8 hours (the exact number depends on your weight). Pretty good for doing something so easy and pleasurable, no? The only time that our body does not use ANY energy is when we die.
Another common misconception is that when we sleep our brains are turned off. Well this also is not true. Our brains are still very much at work when we sleep, after all who would be directing your lungs to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.386088
Retrieved Text: Yoga can be very beneficial during pregnancy, helping to prepare the body for labour and birth, as well as supporting a healthy and comfortable pregnancy. Classes are suitable from 14 weeks onwards. The teachers are trained specifically in Pregnancy Yoga and work very consciously with being sensitive to the needs of the baby, as well as the mother, during practice.
Potential benefits include strengthening birthing muscles, decreasing anxiety, increasing energy, sleep and circulation, and helping to reduce back/muscular aches throughout the body. Pregnancy puts a big strain on the body physically, and yoga is a great way to help support you during this important time. Practicing yoga throughout pregnancy can also help speed up postpartum recovery.
Regular yoga practice can help to change your attitude towards pain in the body, which can be very useful during labour/birth. Usually, when the body experiences physical pain, adrenalin is released and oxytocin production (the hormone which encourages the progression of labour) can decrease. Learning breathing techniques, and becoming aware physically and mentally how the body reacts to pain can help to support you remaining as calm as possible during labour and birth. Scientific studies have shown that regular yoga practice can help the body to deal with stress by slowing heart and breathing rates, and lowering blood pressure.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.373105
Retrieved Text: Human beings cannot live without air. Their lungs need to fill with air for the body to process and then be released through exhalation. If the air you breathe is polluted, your lungs will react to the pollution. The results can range from chronic infections to lung cancer.
Those with existing chronic respiratory illnesses, such as asthma, often find that they are unable to spend time outdoors during certain times of excess pollution. This is due to an inability to get a sufficient amount of clean air into their lungs.
In a normal exchange during respiration, clean air is breathed in and the oxygen processed. Carbon dioxide is released. Carbon dioxide is harmful to humans. That is why the body uses the gas exchange system, to release the build-up of harmful gases.
A large component of polluted air is carbon dioxide. When you breathe in polluted air, you are breathing in the harmful gas your body is meant to release through exhalation. Breathing polluted air is essentially breathing in the very gas your body is trying to eliminate.
Your lungs are largely made up of exposed membrane. The air you breathe in is filtered through the membrane to air sacs. It is in these air sacs that oxygen is exchanged with carbon dioxide. When you exhale, you release the carbon dioxide.
When the air you breathe in is polluted, the oxygen that is sent throughout your body includes the toxins that polluted the air to begin with. When you breathe in polluted air, the toxins begin breaking down cellular structures in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.357379
Retrieved Text: Stavudine buy online. Prescription Stavudine.
We are an online drugstore offering Brand and Generic Medicines at Budget Prices. Best prices for Stavudine without Rx! Our online pharmacy has a lot of high quality drugs like Stavudine with world-wide shipping.
What is Stavudine? Stavudine is used for the treatment of HIV infection. Stavudine is an oral medication that is used for the treatment of infections with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). It is in a class of drugs called reverse transcriptase inhibitors which also includes zalcitabine (Hivid), zidovudine (Retrovir), didanosine (Videx), and lamivudine (Epivir). During infection with HIV, the HIV virus multiplies within the body''s cells. The newly-formed viruses then are released from the cells and spread throughout the body where they infect other cells. In this manner, the infection continually spreads to new, uninfected cells that the body is continually producing, and HIV infection is perpetuated. When producing new viruses, the HIV virus must manufacture new DNA for each virus. Reverse transcriptase is the enzyme that the virus uses to form this new DNA. Specifically, stavudine is converted within the body to its active form (stavudine triphosphate). This active form is similar to thymidine triphosphate, a chemical that is required by the HIV virus to make new DNA. The reverse transcriptase uses stavudine triphosphate instead of thymidine triphosphate for making DNA, and it is the stavudine triphosphate that interferes with the reverse transcriptase. Stavudine does not kill existing HIV virus and it is not a cure for HIV.
the prescription stavudine buy the free of online active cheap infection

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.335731
Retrieved Text: Home › Athletic Majority › Fasted Cardio: Morning date with Death or Destiny?
Fasted Cardio: Morning date with Death or Destiny?
Fasted cardio, those 2 little words spike all kinds of mixed feelings through my body. Cardio for most is a struggle, try adding an earlier wake up time and lack of food to get your motor started and you will think you just entered the fast track to crazy town. I have spent many weeks second-triple-and quadruple guessing my current prep to my last one and why would I need to be including so many more early AM sessions this time around than last? It’s easy to get caught up in the silly gym stigmas like “go ahead if you just want to burn your hard earned muscles off” or “exercising with no fuel=waste of time”. It was honestly actually easier to just jump in with the crowd and dismiss fasted cardio like it was the fitness plague, than actually learn what it might have to offer. Instead of following suit and fighting what could possibly be a “good thing”, I decided to face the pavement and get to the bottom of the widely debated topic.
Many people think fasted cardio is simply training on an “empty stomach,” which they usually think is simply a stomach that “feels empty.” Well, they’re wrong! Fasted cardio is cardio done while in a “fasted” state, wherein your stomach is empty, but there’s a bit more to it than that.
When you eat food, it gets broken down into various molecules that your

================



======= Instance Index 10377 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 




Q: Where do most cubozoans live?

 Choices:

- lakes

- arctic oceans

- tropical oceans

- rivers

A:

Target Text: tropical oceans

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.324844
Retrieved Text: These are polyp animals in two large classes: hydras (hydrozoans), and anemones, corals and seapens (anthozoans); these are typically carnivores with tentacles having stinging cells (with nematocysts or capsules with barbed threads). (Note there are also planktonic cnidaria--cubozoans and scyphozoans or jellies--not shown here). Seapens (colonies of tiny polyps) sit vertically with a fleshy stalk in the mud;they often have a brittle star on them that is up in the current to catch detritus.
Porifera (sponges) typically filter-feed by drawing water in through small side pores, trapping food on collar cells, and exuding water out the large top opening.
Those with "*" are ones we haven't identified at the species level. The "silica sponge" has long glass fiber-optic-like fibers for anchoring in the mud.
Calif. slope off Eureka (510-525m) and Hydrate Ridge (600m) off Newport, Oregon (Alvin and ROV video images).

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.89061
Retrieved Text: n. 1. (Zool.) One of the marginal sensory bodies of medusæ belonging to the Discophora.
rainensis, the former based mainly on medusa size, bell wart size, and an apparent reduced number of eyes per rhopalium (compared with other cubozoans).
For recordings from the "pacemaker region" of a rhopalium, the electrode was placed on the aboral surface of the rhopalium (side opposite the eyes; inset in Fig.
In probing a rhopalium with a fiber optic light guide while recording from the pacemaker region, the complex eyes were found to be the areas most sensitive to photic stimulation.
In the lappets of the arms, away from the rhopalium, the FMRF-IR network was more random in neurite orientation relative to the strict radial orientation of tubulin-IR neurites (Fig.
First, in the region adjacent to a rhopalium, the neurites had a preferred orientation leading from the rhopalium (Fig.
FMRFamide immunoreactivity in the rhopalium was localized to a small network of cells surrounding the attachment site of the rhopalial stalk, as previously described (Martin, 2004; Skogh et ah, 2006; Parkefelt and Ekstrom, 2009).
In the region of the rhopalium, some neurons turned radially to extend into a compressed network within the smooth muscle band.
Each rhopalium had six eyes: one lower lens eye with a maximum diameter of 230 [micro]m, one upper lens eye with a maximum diameter of 150 [micro]m, a pair of pit eyes with a diameter of 20-30 [micro]m, and a pair of slit eyes with a length of 50-70 [micro]m (Fig.
9 mm; rhopalium has simple statocyst without obvious ocellus (Fig.
Each rhopalium contains a statolith and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.312449
Retrieved Text: Most adult Scyphozoans release sperm, eggs, or both into the sea. Fertilized eggs develop into a planula, a flattened, free-swimming, larval-stage organism. The planula settles on a suitable surface, such as a rock, shell, dock, or piece of driftwood, and then develops into the polyp stage. A jelly in its polyp stage looks like a tiny sea anemone and feeds in the same way. With adequate food and space to develop, the polyp will divide asexually forming a stack. Suitable water conditions cause the polyps to pulsate and bud off the stacks. They become free-swimming ephyrae, the juvenile version of sea jellies. The ephyrae drift and eat, soon metamorphosing into the small stages of what is later the sexually mature adult or medusa.
Cubozoans reproduce sexually, with the male passing sperm to the female, who either hosts or releases fertilized eggs as they become larvae. The settled polyps can then reproduce asexually by budding. Hydrozoans and Staurozoans also have both sexual and asexual methods of reproduction.
A jelly bloom occurs when an abundance of nutrients and other conditions allows many jellies to reproduce at once. This often occurs when temperate waters are warmed by sunlight in the spring, leading to an abundance of phytoplankton, or tiny plants in the surface waters. These plants feed tiny animals called zooplankton, triggering an abundance of food for jellies, which provides them the excess energy to grow and reproduce.
Different species reproduce at different times of the year. Small species generally have short lifecycles ranging from as little as an hour or two

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.538601
Retrieved Text: Home > FAQ > Admissions FAQs - Living in Bangkok > Where do most families live?
Where do most families live?
One of the great advantages of NIST is its central location in downtown Bangkok. We’re within easy reach of shopping centers, hospitals, dining, green spaces and entertainment the city has to offer. As a result, most NIST families choose to live near the school, and near public transportation. This also helps to substantially reduce the commute time to school.
We are unable to provide specific recommendations for condos, apartments or homes, but many real estate sites can be found through a Google search.
Will my child have to complete any tests before they can begin classes?
What is the traffic like? Does the school provide transportation?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.483959
Retrieved Text: Home / Family / Why Do You Live Where You Live?
Are you living adventurously? Are you choosing the best for yourself and your family in all areas of life – even where you decide to live?
Let’s face it. Most of us reside where we live because of the top two factors – our employment or our families. But are those cold, long, debilitating winters dragging you down and keeping you from living a significant life? Or maybe it’s the heat and humidity that drains you of energy and creativity? Are the people you’ve constantly been around in your hometown (old high school or college friends, family, etc.) affecting your life in negative ways? Perhaps there is an unconscious limit on your potential simply because of where you’re living?
I want to challenge you to think outside this paradigm of having to live somewhere that you don’t choose. What if you took control of your destiny, your job, your business and your life now? Dig deeper and ask yourself why you live where you do. And if you’re not happy, what can you do to change it?
How do your values, passions, interests and activities align with your current zip code? Do you have hopes and dreams of living by the beach “someday in retirement”? “Someday Isle” (“Someday I’ll…”) is an island that doesn’t exist. Instead, create that ideal lifestyle and surroundings for yourself now that will awaken and energize you to live your fully, authentic self.
Can I challenge you – instead of waiting for a big reason to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.386417
Retrieved Text: Swallow Habitat: Where Do Swallows Live?
Home Services ​ Swallows Where Do Swallows Live?
Where Do Swallows Live in the Wild?
Eight varieties of swallows thrive in North America. Of these species, barn and cliff swallows come into conflict with people most often. In nature, the pests prefer bluffs, canyons, and caves. Human structures like buildings and bridges expand the swallow habitat, allowing these birds to live in suburban and urban areas as well.
Swallows live close to water when they can find good shelter. As a result, houses near streams, ponds, and rivers are the ideal swallow habitat. The birds build their nests on overhangs and rafters that shield them from the elements.
These birds tend to reuse their nests year after year, so they might become a long-term issue. Those living near swallow habitats who notice nests around their homes should contact Critter Control. Trained technicians can safely deter swallows and work to prevent their return.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.309084
Retrieved Text: Cycling: We have an agenda | Coming thru!
Cycling is very much like football (the soccer kind) to me. Everyone can do it. It’s one of the most equal methods of transportation available to our species living on this planet. However, even being the capitalist I am, I realize that our cities and our culture has been evolving around the internal combustion engine. Sadly, most trips a person takes during his life are under five (that’s 5) kilometers on average.
Sure, things are a bit different in Finland where you might live up North in an area that looks and is a sparsely populated as Canada. I’m also sure there are plenty of other extreme examples where you seriously need a car or a jet plane for yourself, but most people live in quite urban environments. Most people who now can’t live without their own car were super happy to ride around in their bike when they were kids going to school.
If you have an opportunity to affect the world we live in, the chance to make cycling easier, safer and better for all, you have done a great thing. Please do it.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.308191
Retrieved Text: Table: “Where Do the 800000 DACA Beneficiaries Live: More Than a Quarter Live in California”, in New York Times, September 7, 2017. p. A17.
Table: “Where Do the 800000 DACA Beneficiaries Come From: Most Came From Mexico”, in New York Times, September 7, 2017. p. A17.
Sources: US Citizenship & Immigration Service; Department of Homeland Security; 2017 National DACA Study; Migration Policy Institute.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.294797
Retrieved Text: Where do people who have millions of followers on Pinterest live?
While the bulk of users reside in rural areas and suburbs, the most influential people on the photo social network live in trend-setting places like New York and California.
"It shouldn't come as a huge surprise that while the majority of pinners may reside in Middle America, the most influential ones live in the cities where trends are set," HelloSociety founder Kyla Brennan told Social Times. Pinterest is a place for discovery, and it would be hard to discover lots of exciting new things if you're only following people just like yourself who live similar lifestyles in similar places."
HelloSociety, a company that connects brands with influencers, made an infographic that shows where the top 100 most influential pinners live, both in the world and in the United States.
People with more than 3 million followers have red pins. Blue pins are people with 1-3 million followers on Pinterest. Green pins have hundreds of thousands of Pinterest followers.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.288035
Retrieved Text: Live on Your Boat! Are You Crazy!
To live on your boat is the easy part. Many boats, like RVs, can be quite comfortable to live in. You will find that you do not need to have a lot of "things" in your life.
Simple is better, and a necessity when you live on a boat. When you go shopping, you ask yourself questions like: Where will I put it? Will it nest with things I have? What do I get rid of if I get it? Do I really need this?
You have two possibilities when you live aboard. Dock at a marina, or live on the hook (at anchor).
The boat changes your style of living by the limits it has. At anchor, the amount of water you have is limited to the size of the storage tank you have on board. The toilet holding tank size, the size and number of batteries for electricity, the hot water system and your refrigerator size are just a short list of how the boat limits what you can do.
When living at anchor, these can either restrict or merely simplify your lifestyle.
If you are on the hook, you need to find out where you may tie up your dinghy, where you may park a car, where you may get water and where a pump out station is.
Add to the list where trash may be dumped, where you can get boat fuel and where you might walk the dog without causing offense.
Live-aboard boaters at anchor are often looked upon as "freeloaders," however,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.278117
Retrieved Text: Era del surf eco y turismo swedes finns and sami live in bluetooth mode. Anbieter der zum leben this good enough for over an error has occured zurck vorwrts personal accounts. Where do quails live near me, sie als zustimmung. Qualitt und sehen was good enough its all the same house sie sich dadurch fr live adj eingeschaltet live. Wir bieten stream finden sie auch andere fuball events knnen sie weiterhin bequem ber ihre lieblingsmannschaft live adj unverzgert live philips germany eur. Schlager mehr schlager mehr volksmusik mehr schlager mehr volksmusik mehr. Knnen sie mit ihrem homescreen befindet kann nun.
Affect the photo studio ready to do professional shooting of the all stars dont be regarded as your live in photo earth wind fire ramsey lewis hot dawgit tambura rare plants like the quails was unnecessary the sea everything together in u3 fatty acid art of insp6 degradation products in the same aviary as spam. Was taught to do not have new anials zebrafinches and whitetailed eagles. Where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo, where do quails live photo,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.221608
Retrieved Text: It's time to hear things from your side. I thought it'd be great to hear from my readers and see how you like to travel, what are your favorite places in the US, and anything else that pertains to my trip. I had to replace the artifacts section with something. I received so much stuff it became impossible to keep track of. Most it has been sent home. This will provide a great way to hear from more people, see your thoughts, and create some fun dialouge. If you have a question you think I should add plese send it my way.
How many miles away do you live from where you graduated high school, and what brings you there?
Where should I live now?
Would you rather go to Hawaii or Alaska?
What should be next in my life, career, dreams, and hobbies after The Hometown Invasion Tour?
Where do you live now, and if you could live anywhere else in the United States where would it be?
What is your big traveling dream?
What size town would you most like to live in?
What constitutes having &ldquo;been&rdquo; to a state?
What&rsquo;s your favorite monument or memorial in the United States?
How would you describe your state in 3 words?
When I finish my trip and have speaking engagements what are 5 topics I should focus on?
What&rsquo;s your job and what&rsquo;s the most rewarding aspect of it?
What 5 books would you bring on a year-long trip?
If you could be on the front of any cereal box, what cereal would you choose?
What city has your favorite skyline

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.133167
Retrieved Text: Here you have the most important countries and their nationalities. You will find more related videos below. Check the interactive activity under the Activities tab.
3-C) Where are you from?
The auxiliary verb DO helps us to make the negative and interrogative form of normal verbs (a few special verbs, like TO BE, CAN, etc) never use DO. Check the videos below to see the other forms.
3-E) Where do you live?
Pay attention to this simple question: "where do you live" and see different answers. The second part of the video repeats the same but using subtitles. Real English® is a Registered Trademark of The Marzio School. © The Marzio School 1994 - 2014.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.111969
Retrieved Text: Biography: “Not interpreting is impossible, just like keeping from thinking…” this is one of the key points of my job as a photographer. Born in Trento, where I live and do most of my work. As professional and photojournalist I permanently work both with newspapers and foundations at local and national level. What I most like is to tell stories through my relationships with people and the place where I live, carrying out projects that deal with social issues.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.081518
Retrieved Text: Why do we live where we live?
What factors make the place where you live the place where you want to live?
You’re probably thinking because it’s pretty, with a great beach, a thriving art scene, or a great night life. Perhaps good schools for kids, or amazing job opportunities.
Of all the drivers studied, the 3 most important stayed pretty much consistent across the US, with 43,000 people interviewed.
Drivers like these cause what’s called resident attachment, which is how emotionally connected someone is to where they live. Attached residents have a strong pride in their community, a positive outlook on its future, and the sense that it’s the perfect place for them. And the more attached a person is, the less likely they are to leave, and this makes for a more talented workforce, a growing population, and general satisfaction and pride in community. In addition, residents who like where they live are generally more successful, which leads to a growing local neighborhood.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.016993
Retrieved Text: What is your favorite winter holiday?
Frozen ponds or frosted firs?
If you could spend winter in one of these two places, which would you choose?
Are you in one of the states that is going to see the deep freeze?
Have you gotten snow yet (2018)?
When it is not winter, do you find yourself wishing it was?
The fans pick: No, I like to experience all 4 seasons.
Who's enjoying Winter the most ?
Winter Robin or Winter Chickadee ?
Which of these cities looks the best in the winter?
Wintery camping; which is your favorite image?
Which image do you like the most?
Which wintery image is your favorite?
Which Asian country looks best in the winter?
Which European country looks the best in the winter?
Which landscape do you prefer?
Is winter your favorite season?
The fans pick: Yes! I'd live in the South Pole if I could so I'd have winter year round.
Looks down a few polls again; any snow yet (2015)?
Which 'Baby it's Cold Outside' image do you like the best?
Which snowflake is your favorite?
Is it winter in your country right now?
Which picture of the Northern Lights?
(Looks down two polls below) How about this year (2014) any snow yet?
Is your birthday in Winter?
Whats your favorite thing about winter?
Which colour comes to your mind when you think ‘winter’?
What does it feel like now, outside?
Are you looking forward to winter 2011?
Do you have snow yet where you live?
do you like looking at snow flakes?
The fans pick: yes, they look so cool!
yes, they look so cool!
Anyone else really missing Winter or is it just me?
The fans pick: Yeah I miss

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.965382
Retrieved Text: This little preposition changes the entire perspective of Christianity from a religion where people live FOR Jesus, to a wonderful divine relationship, where people live WITH Jesus. It transforms the concept of ministry and mission from working FOR the Lord to working WITH the Lord. Most errors are made by people trying to live and labor FOR God rather than WITH God.
This morning, before you do anything or go anywhere, get WITH Jesus. Go WITH Him. Work WITH Him. Stay WITH Him.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.938137
Retrieved Text: Where do most of the residents live?
Most of the residents live in the nearby suburbs of Detroit, including Royal Oak and Ferndale.
How far is the drive between the Southfield and Novi hospital campuses?
The drive is 18 miles via the Lodge and Interstate-696/96. Thankfully, this area is not currently under construction.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.933761
Retrieved Text: Personal accountability is the secret weapon of every successful sales professional. It is the secret weapon of Where Winners Live co-author Dave Porter, who became the owner and CEO of Baystate Financial Services at age 35 and grew it into a $100 million-a-year business over the next 15 years. It is the secret weapon of Where Winners Live co-author Linda Galindo, who transformed herself from the self-proclaimed Queen of Victims into an entrepreneur, business coach, consultant and speaker whose typical audience numbers 500 or more.
Like all highly accountable professionals, these authors live Where Winners Live, an achievement they say is available to everyone. Written in a no-excuses tone and filled with personal stories and practical exercises, their book offers readers the non-negotiable, high-performance behaviors of the sales trade and tried-and-true best practices for success.
Where Winners Live shows readers the most effective way to hold themselves and others accountable.
Chapter 2: What Is Accountability?
Chapter 5: Where Do You Live?
Chapter 14: I’m Sorry, But . . .

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.889243
Retrieved Text: Quiz: Everyone Is A Hybrid Of Two Golden Age Movie Stars. Which Are You?
Which classic hybrid are you?
It's Friday night, where would you most likely be?
Pick your favorite music genre!
If you could go any where in the world right now, where would you go?
Are you usually late, on time or early to events?
Pick your favorite movie genre!
Quick! Someone just broke into your house, what do you do?
Which of the following frightens you the most?
If you could live in another decade, which one would you pick?
Where would we most likely find you at a party?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.872032
Retrieved Text: Energy Assessment - Minnick's Inc.
Answer a few quick, easy questions to see where home performance problems are affecting your home most, and learn what you can do to stop losing energy and money.
Tell us where you live and we’ll tell you what you’re losing.
The part of the country you live in affects both the amount of energy your home uses, and the rates you pay. Let us know where you hail from, and we’ll get started calculating your energy loss.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.830504
Retrieved Text: Flip Your Life LIVE – September 19-21, 2019 – ON SALE NOW!
CLICK HERE TO CLAIM YOUR TICKET TO FYL LIVE 2019!
Click play to see highlights from Flip Your Life LIVE!
Join us in 2019 for Flip Your Life LIVE!
Lexington holds a special place in our hearts. It’s where we met, fell in love, and started our journey together!
This is the exact spot where we met in Lexington, KY!
Lexington is one of the most beautiful and vibrant cities in America!
Lexington is the city that shaped us into the people we are today.
An energetic mix of modern America, and traditional Southern charm.
Flip Your Life LIVE is a YEAR LONG EVENT!
Most conferences sell you a ticket, and then DROP YOU until you show up at the event.
They don’t prepare you for success BEFORE you arrive.
And they surely don’t give you ACCESS to speakers, organizers, and other attendees before the conference.
THIS is Flip Your life LIVE!
Flip Your Life LIVE is DIFFERENT!
Once you purchase your ticket, we will be there for you every step of your journey to Flip your Life LIVE!
Your ticket includes live training, lead by Shane & Jocelyn, EVERY SINGLE MONTH leading up to the conference!
We are going to prepare you BEFORE the event, to make sure you get the out of your experience AT the event!
All sessions are personally led by Shane & Jocelyn!
No other conference prepares you for the event like we do!
Plus Our Famous Icebreaker Sessions!
We know how hard it can be to attend a conference where you don’t know anyone.
That’s why we give you opportunities

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.812766
Retrieved Text: Where would I most like to live? I love where I live but being in the UK with its grey dull winters, I do dream of living somewhere hot for 6 months of the year. I need sunshine and warmth!
Whom would I like to work with in 2018? I’ve never considered working with someone but I suppose someone who would be my spokesperson and salesperson would be great!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.785813
Retrieved Text: Live Dealer Casinos make lots of purports to their clients (or prospective customers) in order to make their casino experience the most effective for you personally. A few of these offers could be by means of bonus offers, such as the First Deposit Bonus, the first Sign-on Bonus, the Refer-A-Friend Bonus, or even the Coming back Customer Bonuses. Casinos may also offer monthly promotions available by means of cash payouts, prizes, or points. Among the newest inclusions in improving the casino experience is incorporated in the live dealer tournaments. They are deliver to players to sign up in by playing their most favorite live casino games. These tournaments could be offered on the regular basis, or a particular time period.
Among the wonderful benefits to playing inside a tournament in a live dealer casino is you can perform the factor that you simply benefit from the most, like playing live dealer roulette, and produce points towards winning great cash or any other prizes. You will not need to do anything diverse from you normally do, just sign in and begin to experience. Most casinos will instantly enroll you within the tournament, but if you need to enroll yourself, it’s a quick process. You’ll start earning points when you begin to wager, and the one who builds up probably the most points will end up the champion from the tournament. All you need to complete is discover which live games have been in the tournament, then put your wagers and begin to experience!
In many tournaments you will notice

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.755346
Retrieved Text: I've turned down several requests to do that MTV cribs thing, but here are a few of the views of where i live.
This is a view of my living room.
The entertainment center where, i admit, i do have a flat panel and X-box.
I have a little retreat in Santa Barbara, but believe me it is much more modest than Oprah's 40-acre spread—i live near Ivan Reitman ... we chatted once while waiting for an espresso at the Montecito Starbucks, but I'm pretty sure he didn't recognize me. Nice guy. I like all of his films.
But, contrary to popular belief, i don't always have my head in the clouds.
It is places like this that i spend most of my time.
And where i feel most at home, and the people do recognize me.
And ask me why more people do not come and help when they are so rich and know that we are in such despair ... This woman asked me, "Why are the people in America so preoccupied with a drug that makes a man hard? And what is this 'restless leg syndrome' they speak of? My legs are restless, too. From moving from place to place so my children will survive."

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.735756
Retrieved Text: I do not have a "Bulk Barn" any where close. I live in Iowa. I have check our local stores and haven't been able to find either of thses items.
Hi Brenda! Do you have a "Bulk Barn" where you live? I was able to buy Kamut Flake Cereal from there, and I was able to buy Maple Syrup from Zehrs (any chain supermarket or grocer will usually carry it though...sometimes located by honey or by pancake mixes). What province or state do you live in? If you are ordering online it is always better to find a place that is located closer to you so you will not have to pay as much for shipping. Also, if the company is closer you know your food will not be out on the road as long.
I live in an area where we have a co-op and although they do offer many good vegan foods, I am having trouble finding some items from Alicia's book. I have not been able to find Maple Sugar or Kamut Flake Cereal just to name a few. I have look at Amazon and although some foods are available others are not. Does anyone know of a place where I maybe able to shop online and get most of the food items I am having trouble locating. I which we had a Trader Joes or Whole Foods, but none of those are available. Looking for help or even maybe something I could use instead of these items. Thank you for your help.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.711252
Retrieved Text: Where are Southwest Florida's most expensive homes?
Where are Southwest Florida’s most expensive homes?
What do you think the most expensive house in our area goes for? A few million? Ten? How about $61 million.
It’s not the only one we found. Plenty of multi-million dollar homes in neighborhoods you’d expect – and some you might not.
Do you live in one of our area’s most expensive neighborhoods? And what do you get for that kind of money?
So we wanted to know, in our three coastal counties, what were the most expensive houses last year?
If you wanted to guess the most expensive property in Lee County what would you guess? Captiva? Boca Grande?
Watch the video above as anchor Chris Cifatte gives you a look at some of Southwest Florida’s most expensive properties.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.679079
Retrieved Text: What in the world (excluding Russia) the Russian people would have liked to live?
Guys who are Ufa's not asleep now ?
And there are Russian Germans?
And is there anyone here from the area Lianozovo?
Is there anyone from Belarus?
Strana kotoroi v vi mechtaite zhit?
Where you can take beautiful pictures of Sochi?
What is the city of your dreams?
Town in which you live and do you love him?
Who has how many degrees the thermometer shows?
is it worth it to fly to Kamchatka for the geysers?
Why is the handrail in the subway go faster than the steps?
What entrance do you live?
Here is the Murmansk divers?
What to do to our country is respected?
V kakom gopode podulcj Mozapt?
In which country would You like most to live?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.6632185
Retrieved Text: World military spending has now risen to over $1.2 trillion. This incredible sum represents 2.5 per cent of GDP(global gross domestic product). Even if 1 per cent of it were redirected towards development, the world would be much closer to achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
David Miller, Mayor of City of Toronto, the most culturally diverse city on Earth!
Cultural Diversity: Towards a whole Society!
What is Diversity? Diversity is each of us and all of us!
Images and Voices of Hope!
Surrendering to the Embrace of the Universe!
“We do not want to live in a country where people cannot find a descent job because of the color of their skin.
We do not want to live in a country where people have trouble being served in private establishments because of the color of their skin.
We do not want to live in a country where people have trouble finding housing because of the color of their skin.
“Many of the issues of civil rights are very complex and most difficult. But about this there can and should be no argument: every American citizen must have an equal right to vote. There is no reason which can excuse the denial of that right. There is no duty which weighs more heavily on us than the duty we have to insure that right. Yet the harsh fact is that in many places in this country men and women are kept from voting simply because they are Negroes.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.661924
Retrieved Text: Gostar do SlideShare Low Inventory Is Slowing Home Buying. Salvar o SlideShare Low Inventory Is Slowing Home Buying. Compartilhar o SlideShare Low Inventory Is Slowing Home Buying.
Gostar do SlideShare Is it Better to Rent or Buy?. Compartilhar o SlideShare Is it Better to Rent or Buy?.
Gostar do SlideShare The Most Popular U.S. Cities to Live In. Compartilhar o SlideShare The Most Popular U.S. Cities to Live In.
Gostar do SlideShare The Most Exciting Trend in Real Estate. Compartilhar o SlideShare The Most Exciting Trend in Real Estate.
Gostar do SlideShare The Best Neighborhoods In America. Salvar o SlideShare The Best Neighborhoods In America. Compartilhar o SlideShare The Best Neighborhoods In America.
Gostar do SlideShare Why It's Better To Live In A Super Tuesday State. Salvar o SlideShare Why It's Better To Live In A Super Tuesday State. Compartilhar o SlideShare Why It's Better To Live In A Super Tuesday State.
Gostar do SlideShare Real Estate Regulatory Bill: Amendments and Highlights. Salvar o SlideShare Real Estate Regulatory Bill: Amendments and Highlights. Compartilhar o SlideShare Real Estate Regulatory Bill: Amendments and Highlights.
Gostar do SlideShare 10 Basic Principles for Rehabbing the Right Way. Salvar o SlideShare 10 Basic Principles for Rehabbing the Right Way. Compartilhar o SlideShare 10 Basic Principles for Rehabbing the Right Way.
Gostar do SlideShare Real Estate Trends in 2016 . Salvar o SlideShare Real Estate Trends in 2016 . Compartilhar o SlideShare Real Estate Trends in 2016 .
From Own To Rent: Who Lost The American Dream?
Gostar do SlideShare From Own To Rent: Who Lost The American Dream?. Salvar o SlideShare

================



======= Instance Index 5582 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

No matter what the cell, all cells come from preexisting cells through the process of cell division. This is one of the core concepts of the Cell Theory. The cell may be the simplest bacterium or a complex muscle, bone, or blood cell. The cell may comprise the whole organism, or be just one cell of trillions. But whatever type of cell it is, it comes from a preexisting cell. And the new cell is genetically identical to its parent cell - that is, it has exactly the same DNA.


Q: Where do cells come from?

 Choices:

- sexual reproduction

- nuclear fission

- mutations

- preexisting cells

A:

Target Text: preexisting cells

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.538681
Retrieved Text: As all of us know that in meiosis oocyte forms follicles and egg cells, so my question is that if an oocyte can form follicles then why sperm cells do not forms the follicles? And in evolutionary terms how this huge difference can in these two same germinal cells?
Browse other questions tagged cell-biology reproduction meiosis ovulation or ask your own question.
Does Human Female Meiosis II occur after fertilization with sperm?
What type of cell do you start with in Meiosis?
Fertilization of the human egg- where does our centrosome come from?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.030472
Retrieved Text: Where do the apples in the apple orchard come from? Apple seeds? And if the seeds come from apple trees, where do the trees that produce the seeds come from? The ground? The sky? The air? If we are being truly honest, we have to acknowledge that there is an intelligence that produces the life within all matter, whether it is a plant, mineral, or us.
All of the cells in your body, like the apples on an apple tree, were created from just two cells with the specific intention of functioning in a certain way, in an exact location, for a special purpose. You are really special, but if your body is the produce, who is the producer? Chiropractors refer to the source of your life expression as Innate Intelligence, which simply means that an inborn intelligence makes all life and guides it while it exists.
Would you ever expect to get turnips from an apple tree? Of course not! But we CAN expect unhealthy apples from an unhealthy apple tree. If we want healthy apples, we have to take care of the apple tree. We all know that water, sun, and good soil are important, but what if something was putting pressure on the trunk of that tree? All of the other care of the tree would not be appreciated. The tree trunk affects every part of the tree, from the roots to the branches to the fruit it bears. The trunk of the tree is vital to every single apple hanging on the apple tree.
How

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.76772
Retrieved Text: Bipolar nerve cell from the spinal ganglion of the pike.
A bipolar cell is a type of neuron which has two extensions. Bipolar cells are specialized sensory neurons for the transmission of special senses. As such, they are part of the sensory pathways for smell, sight, taste, hearing and vestibular functions.
Common examples are the bipolar cell of the retina, the ganglia of the vestibulocochlear nerve, and the extensive use of bipolar cells to transmit efferent (motor) signals to control muscles.
The four types of retinal neurons are bipolar cells, ganglion cells, horizontal cells, and amacrine cells.
Oftentimes found in the retina, bipolar cells are crucial as they serve as both direct and indirect cell pathways. The specific location of the bipolar cells allow them to facilitate the pathway of signals both where they start in the receptors as well as where they arrive at the ganglion cells. Bipolar cells in the retina are also unique as they do not fire impulses like the other cells found within the retina. Rather, bipolar cells have a receptive-field that surrounds them. Therefore, bipolar cells may exist as off-center or on-center. The off-center bipolar cells possess excitatory relationships with the synapses and are hyperpolarized by light. On-center bipolar cells have inhibitory synapses and therefore are suppressed in the dark.
Bipolar neurons exist within the vestibular nerve as it is responsible for special sensory sensations including hearing, equilibrium and motion detection. The majority of the bipolar neurons belonging to the vestibular nerve exist within the vestibular ganglion with axons extending into the maculae of utricle

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.331673
Retrieved Text: When it comes to stem cells, “basic” isn’t exactly the first word that comes to mind. There’s a lot of science, a lot of history, and yes, even a little bit of controversy that can come with stem cells, so it’s tough to know where to start. But stem cells are at the core of who we are — and at the heart of the research we’re doing here at Orig3n — so this is a good first step. In this blog post, you’ll learn what stem cells are, how they work, and why the work we’re doing with them might help you live a healthier life.
Stem cells are cells that have the extraordinary ability to differentiate, or transform, into entirely different types of cells — brain cells, heart cells, skin cells, lung cells, and more. We’re made of stem cells — all of our organs and tissues originally grew from clusters of them.
But stem cells also have the potential to repair those same tissues and organs when we’re injured or sick. In many parts of your body, your stem cells already work hard to replenish unhealthy or damaged cells as needed.
Scientists are now researching stem cells because of these remarkable healing capabilities, to see if they can be used in medical and drug development applications.
They are unspecialized — meaning they aren’t any one particular type of cell, like a skin cell or a heart cell.
But they can differentiate into more specialized cells, like liver cells, heart cells, and brain cells.
They also have a limitless self-renewal

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.129875
Retrieved Text: The origins of adipocytes have been hotly debated, but a human study supports the idea that the bone marrow takes part.
WIKIMEDIA, OPENSTAX COLLEGEThe origins of new fat cells (adipocytes), which we humans must make throughout our lives, have not been clear. Rodent studies have produced conflicting results on where adipocyte progenitors come from, particularly with regard to the bone marrow as a possible source. Reporting today (July 16) in Cell Metabolism, researchers have found that, in patients who received bone marrow transplants, donor cells contribute to new fat tissue, and that the proportion of these bone marrow-derived adipocytes is higher in obese patients.
“In these bone marrow-transplanted individuals, they can actually find fat cells with genomic information from the donor and not from the recipient,” said Philipp Scherer, director of the Touchstone Diabetes Center at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas who was not involved in the study.
Although the contribution of bone marrow cells to the abdominal fat is low—about 5 percent, on average, with a range up to 27 percent—it’s “conceptually important that we can actually demonstrate that the bone marrow in the adult individual contributes to new fat-cell generation,” Scherer told The Scientist.
Fat cells do not divide; instead, they live about 10 years and are then replaced, according to a 2008 Nature paper by Peter Arner of the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden. Arner and his colleagues, including researchers at Stockholm’s Royal Institute of Technology and at the University of Lyon in France, wanted to know where these cells come from when

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.109774
Retrieved Text: Remember the other Day we were talking about The Electronic Age and How our Brains are Adapting to Less Thinking...We are actually Not Using Parts of our Brain that we used to...We are Limiting our Growth Potential by allowing Machines and Movies to do the Creative Thinking for us...We are Losing our Ability to be Creative-Imaginative Thinkers by Under-utilizing this Part of our Brain.
You may Wonder WHY Pray tell is Imagination and Creativity so Valuable Anyway?
Ohhhh...Lemme Just Share with You!
The Imaginal Cell - Lets give it a definition so we all know what we are talking about.
The term “Imaginal” has connotations of imagination, the process of creating new ideas and concepts of things that do not yet exist.
But in biology, the term is applied to Imaginal cells – and the startling science behind Imaginal cells is where we get our inspiration for the work we do.
Again Today, we turn to Dr. Bruce Lipton an American developmental biologist best known for promoting the idea that genes and DNA can be manipulated by a person's beliefs.
Exactly what we are looking for! So let's hear a quick explanation from Dr Lipton himself. Who could explain it better?
Imaginal Cells are responsible for our Creative Thinking in times when other cells are dying off...The cells that are looking to the Future and finding a creative way to morph and change with the times. I think I am one giant Imaginal Cell right now! How bout' you?
Both explanations use a caterpillar as an example...Most cells die off in a caterpillar...But the Imaginal

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.07586
Retrieved Text: Tell Me About Stem Cells and Treatment - Piedmont Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation, P.A.
Could you imagine your body having the inability to heal itself after tearing muscle tissue? Or the inability to replenish and replace dying and dead skin cells. Well that’s where stem cells come in. They do that and so much more.
A stem cell is unique to any other cell in your body because of its ability to renew and regenerate. They don’t carry out specialized functions like brain, red, or white blood cells, but they are a vital component in repairing and replacing damaged or torn tissue. After all, a cluster of stem cells is where the formation of every organ and tissue in your body came from.
Stem cells start in the embryo. At this point, they are only capable of renewing and recreating through differentiation and cell division. Sometimes they’ll be inactive for a long while, but eventually they are directed toward a certain job, either to create bones, muscles, skin, the brain or the heart. They have the ability to create ANY type of cell in the human body. Whenever a stem cell is taken from a child or adult and is genetically modified to mimic an embryonic stem cell, we would categorize it as an induced pluripotent stem cell.
There are two different kinds of stem cells: human embryonic stem cells and somatic or “adult” stem cells.
Human embryonic stem cells derive from human embryos. These are the stem cells we discussed earlier. Their ability to generate any kind of cell in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.054527
Retrieved Text: Why do we need a digestive tract?
If the body did not have a digestive tract, you could not enjoy your favorite pizza, hamburger, or other food. The human body must obtain its energy by eating food. Therefore, the main purpose of the digestive system is to provide the body with amino acids, carbohydrates, fats, and vitamins to keep our cells functioning. The digestive system provides these essential materials to the 75 trillion cells that live in our bodies. Wow! Do you know how many 75 trillion is?
The digestive tract takes both liquids and food and breaks them down into single molecules that can be absorbed by cells in the small intestine. These cells transport the molecules into the blood stream so that other cells in the body can use them. The digestive tract also serves to eliminate what your body doesn't absorb during the digestive process.
Why do I have a stomach?
The stomach has two major functions in your body: one for digestion and one for defense. (See the illustration on the right.). Digestion breaks down proteins with acidic stomach juice, secreting enzymes that split up proteins into individual amino acids (see Cells Are Us unit on proteins). The defense component kills most foreign organisms that you ingest so that they can't get into your bloodstream or anywhere else in your body. These organisms are destroyed by the highly acidic stomach fluid that is secreted within the stomach.
Why do you have two intestines?
The intestines are where the body absorbs all of the food, vitamins, fluid, and minerals

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.840958
Retrieved Text: Dr Lucas and Professor Anderson in the lab.
In the build up to this year’s Stand Up To Cancer, we’re running a series of posts that focus on the science that is happening around the country thanks to your generous donations and amazing fundraising. The second in our series focuses on lymphoma and the immune system.
Professor Graham Anderson and Dr Beth Lucas, a postdoctoral researcher in his lab at The University of Birmingham, are studying how our immune system works.
They want to work out how one of our organs, the thymus, acts as a ‘training centre’ for a type of white blood cell by turning them into fully functioning immune cells. And their findings could help uncover new ways to protect cancer patients from infection.
In an unfortunate twist of fate, Beth was diagnosed with Hodgkin Lymphoma while studying for her PhD. So right now, the science she’s so passionate about may one day play a part in improving treatments for the disease she experienced.
We took a trip up to Birmingham to hear their story.
If most people were asked to name a fundamentally important organ within our bodies that we wouldn’t survive without, they might say the heart, brain, or lungs.
But few would ever mention one of the most vital organs in our bodies – the thymus.
So what exactly is the thymus and why is it so critical?
“The thymus is an organ that sits above the heart in the chest,” explains Anderson.
“T-cells do all kinds of jobs,” he adds. “They help to fight bacterial and viral infections, they

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.809305
Retrieved Text: Many active athletes, weekend warriors, and folks with arthritic joints have been asking about two treatment options for their pain: Platelet Rich Plasma (PRP) and “Stem Cells.” Both treatments have become increasingly popular, but at the same time, there is a lot of false information about them, especially online. For this reason, I think it’s important that I update my patients. These procedures are also not covered by insurance, so we want our patients, who are eligible, to be well informed before undergoing such treatments.
The focus of this information is on joint cartilage injuries, arthritis and focal cartilage defects (potholes in cartilage).
Why isn’t PRP always effective?
First we draw blood and then it is ‘spun’ in a centrifuge to separate out the platelet layer, which is then removed. Many different companies provide systems to do this; however, not all PRP is the same. The various systems that are engineered to harvest PRP also are able to harvest other cells. Additionally, the concentration of platelets per unit volume differs among systems. With that said, initial clinical studies on “PRP” have had mixed results because different systems produce different types of PRP.
For example, some PRP formulations contain a high number of leukocytes (white blood cells). These formulations are called Leukocyte Rich PRP (LR-PRP). Depending on the formulation of PRP and condition we’re treating, some patients may experience a positive response and some patients may actually feel MORE pain. It’s important to discuss which formulation is best for you.
These cells have a pro-inflammatory response when exposed to tissue. When they’re

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.707467
Retrieved Text: Hi, my name in Venkatesh Movva. I’m a physician specializing in sports medicine and regenerative medicine. So we’re going to talk about regenerative techniques and new technology that’s been evolving in the field of regenerative medicine, regenerative orthopedics. Interventional orthopedics we call it these days. A tremendous opportunity to avoid surgery in most of the cases, an option which was not available several years ago. It was popularized by the athletes only. We used to see athletes going overseas … Peyton Manning, Kobe Bryant. But now it’s available in US and we’ve been pioneering this for the last several years. As a group, Regenexx, we have basically performed more number of procedures in the stem cell and the regenerative field, plasma rich platelets field, than anyone else in the world.
We have also published a substantial part of the literature in the emerging areas of interventional orthopedics and regenerative medicine. That’s what we’re going to talk about. I do practice in two locations. One is in Dallas. Great point location, where we offer stem cell procedures for orthopedic problems. We’re talking about knees, shoulders, ankles, hips, lumbar spine, cervical spine, wrist. Basically most of the peripheral joints in the body as well as the spine related issues.
Typically, I know a lot of people have questions about “Hey, what is this? We’ve been reading so much online. There are so many conflicting information embryonic stem cell versus what are these stem cells?” Typically what these cells are, in USA, FDA approves us to do only orthopedic stem cells.
We’re

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.58957
Retrieved Text: As a lady it is suggested that pap a test pregnancy is suggested if you are above 21 years of age or within 3 years of becoming sexually active. They are tests not to diagnose anything, but a form of screening test to figure out any abnormal cells in the cervix. If you get Pap smear in early pregnancy the chances of figuring out the exact cause and then a plan of treatment could be advocated as well.
It would be obvious that the worry signs would be high the moment you are told that the pap smears works out to be abnormal. It could point to abnormal cells or any form of infection as well. At the same time it is really important to figure out that the presence of abnormal cells does not point to any cancer. It does point to the fact whether an additional round of testing may be needed to get down to the basis of the problem.
The positive test would point to the occurrence of cancer cells. In medical terms this goes by the name of an abnormal pap. Once again be aware of the fact that this is not a diagnosis but a mere test. If the results turn out to be positive, in no way it means that you are suffering from cancer. It does point to the fact that another round of evaluation may be needed. Here you go on to do colposcopy where with a microscope you do observe on to the cervix. The other procedure works

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.552378
Retrieved Text: ASAP Utilities for Excel – Blog » Tip: Select cells automatically based on their contents, formatting, etc.
Quickly select certain cells automatically?
A few examples where this can come in handy.
You've received a file and all the cells that have been marked with strikethrough need to be removed.
All the cells that are marked bold need to be copied to another workbook.
Select and delete all cells with a specific font color?
Select all cells that are not empty.
Select cells with a certain text length. For example if you are preparing data for a database and need to find which values have a length of more than 250 characters, you can use this utility and choose "Text Length" in the "Based on content" tab and enter >250. With this option you can enter a number but also the < and > sign.
Select only the odd or even rows or columns.
Quickly find/select all merged cells.
Select only the cells with a certain date, month, day, weekday or year or within a certain period.
Quickly select all unprotected cells in your template, so that you can color them to make it easy to fill in for the end-user.
Select all cells that contain or do not contain a certain value or keyword.
Then after the cells are selected you can do anything with them, such as editing their values, giving a color, clear them or copy them.
This is often a quicker alternative for the default method that Excel offers such as this one, this one or this one.
It's guaranteed that you'll save yourself time and effort by

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.538905
Retrieved Text: If you can hear, praise God and don’t take it for granted. This quote is hard to understand, but we give you just a small taste of what is involved in hearing to arouse awe. Read the rest of the open-access paper if you dare.
Cochlear outer hair cell horizontal top connectors mediate mature stereocilia bundle mechanics (Science Advances).
Sensory hair cells of the inner ear are active mechanosensitive machines that transform sound-induced mechanical vibrations into electrical signals. The sensory epithelium of the cochlea, the organ of Corti, has two types of sensory hair cells, the inner and outer hair cells (IHCs and OHCs, respectively). IHCs are genuine sensory cells that transmit information via the cochlear nerve fibers to the brainstem auditory nuclei. In contrast, OHCs, which are endowed with electromotility, constitute the cochlear amplifiers that contribute to the detection of weak sound-induced vibrations. The organ of Corti sensory epithelium is positionedbetween a sheet of paucicellular connective tissue, the basilar membrane, and an acellular gel, the tectorial membrane (TM). Sound-induced vibrations of the basilar and tectorial membranes stimulate the mechanosensitive sensory cells’ stereocilia bundles. The mammalian stereocilia hair bundles of OHCs are arranged in three rows of graded height and are tightly interconnected….
Tissue self-organization based on collective cell migration by contact activation of locomotion and chemotaxis (PNAS). Do you take tissues for granted? We have skin, muscle, bone, and numerous other cell types that bind together into coherent organs with vital functions. But how do they come together in the embryo? How does an individual cell know where

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.515631
Retrieved Text: All organisms are made of cells, and all cells come from preexisting cells.
A highly organized compartment that is bounded by a thin, flexible structure called a plasma membrane and that contains concentrated chemicals in an aqueous solution.
Cells do not arise by spontaneous generation.
What does Natural Selection explain?
Traits that can be passed on to offspring.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.514958
Retrieved Text: New technology makes it possible to detect certain cells in the blood that are harbingers of an imminent heart attack.
Doctors can easily tell when someone is having a heart attack, but one thing they can’t do is predict an attack before it happens. Even patients who come in for stress tests and get a clean bill of health often end up back in the hospital with a heart attack just days later.
But researchers say that may soon change, thanks to a study that used a blood test to detect certain cells that are sloughed off from weakened blood vessel walls. The cells are called circulating endothelial cells (CECs) and they herald the first stages of a heart attack, according to Dr. Eric Topol, chief academic officer for Scripps Health and lead author of the study published in the journal Science Translational Medicine.
Heart experts currently believe that heart attacks start days before a clot actually forms and blocks the flow of blood to the heart, says Topol. The first stages of a heart attack involve a weakening or erosion of the blood vessel walls, which then attracts inflammatory cells that damage the endothelial cells lining the inside of the blood vessels. Eventually, under the immense inflammatory pressure, these cells undergo mutations and start to clump together before sloughing off to float around in the blood.
In the study, involving 50 patients who had a heart attack and 44 healthy controls, the heart attack patients had more than four times the concentration of CECs in their blood than the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.507886
Retrieved Text: Liposuction does permanently remove fat cells in a targeted area. The semi-invasive procedure also demolishes the ‘cottage cheese’ fat matrix immediately under the skin that holds these fat cells together. Fortunately, the body will not regrow these exact fat cells. This means that in the specific places where fatty tissue was removed, no more fat cells will develop.
The problem becomes the surrounding fat cells. If weight gain continues after Liposuction, it will accumulate in other areas, where there are fat cells ready to be filled up. Visceral fat lies deep inside the body and organs. Since Liposuction only eliminates the fat cells directly under the skin, these deeper layers of fatty tissue remain, and have the ability to grow.
You must stay vigilant with an active lifestyle. Liposuction can give you a jumpstart to looking trim, but the hard work is not over. Establish an exercise routine and practice healthy eating habits. Maintaining a stable weight means your results will look great for years to come.
Only consult with a Board Certified plastic surgeon for your Liposuction procedure. Under their direction, the fat elimination process will be both safe and effective. Your surgeon can assist with ways to keep the Liposuction results looking beautiful for the long-term.
Do you still have questions about the benefits and fallbacks of Liposuction? Vitenas Cosmetic Surgery can provide the answers. Call our Houston office at 281.484.0088 for more information. We will also be happy to schedule a free consultation with Dr. Vitenas; here he can perform a quick physical exam and determine if

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.449519
Retrieved Text: Led by professor of oncology Ron Levy, a team at Stanford has come up with a promising new cancer treatment. (Credit: Steve Fisch).
Harnessing the body’s natural immune defenses to take the fight to cancer, known as immunotherapy, is an especially promising area of cancer research with the potential to tackle all forms of the disease. Scientists from Stanford University are now reporting an exciting new advance in the field, discovering that a single injection of immune-stimulating agents can quickly destroy tumors in mice, and promisingly, clinical trials investigating its effects in humans are already underway.
Alongside chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgical removal, immunotherapy has come to be heralded as the fourth pillar in cancer therapy. Though our immune system automatically kicks into gear when cancer is detected, the cancerous cells are quite adept at evading it, multiplying and then eventually overpowering it.
So immunotherapy is a way of swinging the odds back in the immune system’s favor. Some of the common approaches include targeting the built-in switches that stop natural cancer-fighting proteins do their thing, boosting other proteins that ramp up the presence of cancer-fighting T cells, and removing T cells, genetically engineering them to attack tumor cells, and then returning them to the body.
All have shown promise in different ways, but all have their limitations, such as nasty side effects, high costs and/or very involved preparation and treatment times. Led by professor of oncology Ron Levy, the Stanford researchers have come up with a potentially much better way of doing things that involves delivering a potent cancer-killing mix

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.445103
Retrieved Text: What are the parts of an antibody molecule? Which part does an epitope associate with?
What types of cells are involved in humoral immunity?
What types of cells are involved in cell-mediated immunity?
What is the order of events when your system is invaded by a pathogen?
The identification and removal of foreign substances by specialized white blood cells.
In what body parts would you find the AIDS virus of an infected person?
What are NK cells and their function?
What type of cells respond to allergies?
What is the function of teh MHC complex?
MHC I? Function, Location, what cells they interact with.
What are the Three types of T Cells?
Helper T Cell; function, method of action?
*causes APC to secrete Interleukin 1.
What is the function of Macrophages?
What are the different classes of antibodies and the function of each?
Where do you find lysozyme?
What is the source of histamines?
What is the difference in active and passive immunity?
What cells does HIV invade?
Eosinophils increase during what type of infection?
When are basophils and mast cells important?
What are macrophages derived from?
What type of pathogens is antibody-mediated response most effective against?
What are the organs or tissues involved in the immune system?
Where do you find MHC-1?
How do antibiotics (drugs) affect bacteria?
What are complements and how do they work?
What does a virus have to be in order for an antibody to have an effect on it?
What do interferons respond to?
*Helps fight Hepatitis C, AIDS, Cancer, etc.
What are B cells? Are they Granular? Are they Lymphocytes? Do they clone? How are they related to plasma cells? So many questions? lol?
Where is thymosin produced and what

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.436764
Retrieved Text: Download "Transfer of food energy to chemical energy. Includes anabolic and catabolic reactions. The cell is the metabolic processing center"
16 Review What is metabolism? Where does the energy come from? How are macronutrients used in metabolism? Where do the metabolic reactions take place? What Compounds Can Make Glucose and why? Glucose Glycerol Fatty Acids Amino Acids What will happen if dietary carbohydrate consumption is insufficient?
22 Glycolysis: Pyruvate to Acetyl CoA If cells need energy AND oxygen is available pyruvate enters the mitochondria Irreversible step: Carbon removed 3 C now becomes a 2 C Can it make glucose??

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.436447
Retrieved Text: The recovery or life of a child depends on your well needed financial support. Angels of Love Jamaica is most appreciative of your time and generosity. But there is still much to do and more kids to save. Join us in our cause and help us to spread the love.
2) Attend at least ONE (1) volunteering session at Bustamante Hospital for Children or Pediatric wards of May Pen Hospital or University Hospital of the West Indies.
Volunteers cannot come to meetings being held at a hospital or hospital visits, as a valid AOLJA ID is required.
Completed forms and the relevant documents and fee can be given to Jacqui Chung at CMART (Readers Bookstore) in Liguanea Plaza, or at a general meeting.
For further information feel free to message us or send an email to angelsofloveja@gmail.com.
If you are interested in volunteering with Angels Of Love Jamaica, please complete this form or contact us.
National Commercial Bank Ja. Ltd.
Scotiabank The Bank of Nova Scotia Ja. Ltd.
Cancer is a disease affecting the growth rate of affected tissues, in which the control mechanisms of cells become altered and the cells divide to form neoplastic growths or tumours. These growths have no apparent physiological function and can harm the body. Tumours are either benign or malignant and can accumulate anywhere in the body. Benign tumours consist of well-differentiated cells similar to those in the surrounding tissues and are usually harmless unless located in regions where no operation is possible. Benign tumours aren’t cancerous. They can often be removed, and, in most cases, they do

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.426502
Retrieved Text: In leukemia, a form of blood cancer, cells from the bone marrow multiply without control and invade the bloodstream and other organs. This compromises the function of the red blood cells (oxygen transport) and the white blood cells (immune defense) and leads to severe illness and death. Patients with leukemia cannot always be cured by chemotherapy and have to undergo stem cell therapy. During this therapy, the entire blood producing system (and with it all cancer cells) of a leukemia patient are killed off by irradiation and is then replaced by a new and healthy blood producing system by giving patients blood stem cells from a healthy donor by infusion. These blood stem cells are then capable of regenerating the entire blood producing system. However this therapy still fails in about 20% of all cases and the leukemia patients die during the procedure mostly because the transplanted blood stem cells do not give rise to enough new blood cells in the patient. One reason is that blood stem cells are normally very passive and are dormant in a defined place in the bones (called the endosteal niche). After transfusion, the transplanted done stem cells go again back to their niche this time in the patient, where they are kept in a dormant state. We have observed that a protein called Gfi1b regulates where the stem cells reside in the bone and whether they are active or not. We have generated a mouse model enabling us to switch the Gfi1b gene off, and when we do this,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.393623
Retrieved Text: Peter got permission from the owner of Repackr to set up a copy of the pack builder utility here. It's actually open source on github. Anyway, just wanted to let everyone know that it's now available in the top-right links menu. A small update, but a fun update nevertheless.
Good catch! It wasn't supposed to do that and is fixed now Thank you.
can your progress be saved? For example if I enter 1200 different cell capacities and are only half way through, Can I save where I am up to or do I have to leave the window open until i come back?
No progress saving at this time. You can update your information as you add more cells/packs to your system, though. When you come back to the page, it'll load your information and just change what ever values you need to change.
I ended up typing all my cells into a spreadsheet as I processed them and then did an export out of that into the pack builder tool. Worked really well!
The paste in spreadsheet is nice but can this be saved in my account? Can I / you give packs name / code to easily associate bin to pack while sorting batteries.
Current time: 04-20-2019, 09:15 PM Powered By MyBB, © 2002-2019 MyBB Group.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.330764
Retrieved Text: To understand the aorta, it helps to have a good sense of how blood moves throughout the body.
Blood travels through the body along two different types of pathways: veins and arteries.
Veins bring blood cells to the heart, where they can pick up oxygen that’s been brought in by the lungs.
Arteries take blood cells away from the heart, where they can deliver that oxygen to the rest of the body.
The Aorta is the first and largest part of the artery system. All smaller arteries come off branches of the aorta, like exits on a highway.
The aorta runs right down the middle of your body. But it doesn’t take a completely straight path.
It starts at the aortic valve, a special flap that connects the heart to the aorta. The aortic valve’s job is to keep blood from flowing backwards after it’s left the heart.
From there, the aorta stretches upwards, towards the neck. This section is called the ascending aorta.
Instead of continuing upwards, the aorta then forms a curve called the aortic arch.
By the end of that curve, the aorta is directed downwards. This portion is called the descending aorta.
The descending aorta travels down the chest and becomes the abdominal aorta when it crosses the diaphragm. The abdominal aorta comes to an end just above the groin, where it splits into two arteries, one for each leg. These are called the iliac arteries.
Why is the Aorta Important?
The aorta is important because it gives the body access to the oxygen-rich blood it needs to survive.
The heart itself gets oxygen from

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.302273
Retrieved Text: Summary: A new study finds how ultraviolet (UV) rays trigger melanoma ( a most dangerous form of skin cancer that develops from the pigment-containing cells, melanocytes.
According to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, melanoma, a cancer of skin pigment cells (melanocytes) will strike an estimated population of 87,111 in the U.S in 2017. Till now it is known that a fraction of these melanomas come from the pre-existing moles on the body and the majority of them come from unknown sources. Under normal conditions, UV rays from the sun activate melanocytes to release melanin (protects the skin from sun’s rays). Researchers from Cornell University discovered that the melanocyte stem cells become cells where these cancers originate after accumulating a sufficient number of genetic mutations. The study was published in the journal Cell Stem Cell.
It was suspected that a gene called Hgma2 is expressed in the skin pigment cells under UV rays. When Hgma2 is expressed, it facilitates melanocyte stem cells to change their location from the base of skin hair follicles to the skin’s surface that is epidermis. Researchers used mice engineered with melanocyte stem cell mutations. One set of mice with mutations and another set of mice also with mutations but Hgma2 gene is deleted. Then both the sets of mice are given a mild dose of UV radiations to trigger a tanning response. Finally, the researchers observed the mice set with Hgam2 gene intact developed melanomas and mice set with deleted Hgam2 gene remained healthy.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.295946
Retrieved Text: Direct Carbon Fuel Cells are much like the direct fuel cells that rely on polymer exchange membranes. The major difference is that they have a solid ceramic exchange membrane and thus run at much higher operating temperatures. There are DCFCs that utilize molten electrolytes as well.
At the anode, oxygen and carbon are combined to produce carbon dioxide and electrons. This is a very different reaction from most other fuel cells. The carbon to start the reaction can come from many sources including coal, wood, straw, and hydrocarbons that are not fossilized.
Coal is the primary focus of these fuel cells as they are intended for large scale power production utilizing resources that are immediately available. They are, to some extent, an effort to move industrialized nations away from reliance on petroleum.
These fuel cells are capable of large scale power production. Individual units can produce 100 kW and be grouped together into megawatt generating facilities. When run on coal, they are roughly twice as efficient as modern coal power plants, which extract roughly 45% of the energy contained within coal.
Direct carbon fuel cells are touted as “pollution fee,” which is only partially true. These fuel cells do not produce smoke and release contaminants into the atmosphere, making them substantially cleaner than modern coal-fired power plants. However, they do produce carbon dioxide.
DCFCs are often sold as “carbon-capture ready,” which means that the carbon dioxide they produce could be collected and disposed of in a way that prevents its ejection into the atmosphere. However, the keyword in these statements is

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.279246
Retrieved Text: Regenerative Medicine is therapy designed to repair and regenerate damaged musculoskeletal tissue such as tendon, ligament, cartilage and bone. Traditionally, when an injury occurs to these tissues and pain results, nonoperative pain management offers a “band aid” approach to mask pain. And when some sort of healing does occur in a ligament or tendon, it does not result in a 100% healing back to its native state.
The concept of Regenerative Medicine is to shift the paradigm of patient therapy into something that can assist with tissue repair, rather than being just a “band-aid”. Traditional therapies such as cortisone injections simply do not offer healing potential. So Regenerative Medicine uses substances that provide potential to work on the healing process for these injuries by providing building blocks known as stem cells along with growth factors and platelets that spur the body’s natural healing processes to ramp up.
Stem cells are made by the body’s bone marrow and are able to differentiate into several different cell types. They are a veritable “blank slate”. They can replicate into more unspecialized stem cells, or they may react to the environment in which they are placed by receiving signals from that environment telling them which differentiation “pathway” to go down.
This may be to turn into a skin cell or muscle, cartilage, tendon, bone, red blood cell and many others. By ramping up production of the cells needed to stimulate repair, having extra supply in the area can provide the difference between an inadequate result and one that regenerates perfectly.
There are two basic

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.2634735
Retrieved Text: Where does the energy from food originally come from?
What is a difference between autotrophs and heterotrophs?
What is one of the principal chemical compounds that cells use to store energy?
When a cell has energy available, how can it store small amounts of that energy?
They can add a phosphate group to an ADP to make ATP, also adding electrons and a Hydrogen ion to NADP+ to make NADPH.
How is ATP different from ADP?
ATP has 3 phosphate groups while ADP has 2.
When is the energy stored in ATP released?
What are the characteristics of ATP that makes it exceptionally useful to all types of cells?
Where do cells get their energy from ATP?
In addition to water and carbon dioxide, what do plants need to preform photosynthesis?
What is another pigment which can be used to power photosynthesis other than chlorophyll?
What colors do pigments absorb very well?
What happens when chlorophyll absorbs light?
What is a carrier molecule?
They transport high-energy electrons from chlorophyll to other molecules.
How does NADP+ become NADPH?
They accept and hold two energy electrons along with an H+ ion.
What happens in the light- dependent reactions?
Step 1 of LDR: What happens in the Photosystem II in light dependent reaction?
Step 2 of LDR: What happens in the electron transport chain?
Step 3 of LDR: What happens in photosystem I?
Electrons released by photosystem II are re-energized in photosystem I to become high energy electrons again. Enzymes in the membrane uses these electrons to form NADPH. NADPH is used to make sugar in the Calvin cycle (Light independent reactions).
What causes the increase of hydrogen ions in the thylakoid

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.262724
Retrieved Text: We have such a love of salt in our food. Where does this love come from? Is it a natural affinity or deficiency?
"The human body contains many salts, of which sodium chloride (AKA common table salt) is the major one, making up around 0.4 per cent of the body's weight at a concentration pretty well equivalent to that in seawater. So a 50kg person would contain around 200g of sodium chloride - around 40 teaspoons."
"If you eat too much salt, your kidneys pump it into the bladder, and you pee it out. Even at highconcentrations, a properly functioning kidney will dump excess salt into the bladder. This is such an important function, it's probably why we have two kidneys to do it.
However, if you eat too little salt, or lose too much (sweat, vomit, diarrhea), a condition called hyponatremia, you'll have major problems. Water will flow into your cells, which will now have a higher salt concentration than your blood. This is because water flows through a membrane (like a cell membrane) towards higher salt concentrations. Your cells will swell and may, at high enough concentrations, burst.
Bursting cells = bad news. So, why do we love salt? We love salt because, evolutionarily, eating too much salt is far more advantageous than eating too little."
Today our pictures show the Silverton Shop with the box cars and antique cars in the yard.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.242388
Retrieved Text: You are made of cells. Cells are the basic units of structure and function in living things. This means that cells form the parts of an organism and carry out all of an organism’s processes, or functions.
Cells and Structure: When you describe the structure of an object, you describe what it is made of and how its parts are put together. The structures of many buildings, for example, are determined by the way in which bricks, steel beams, and other materials are arranged. The structures of living things are determined by the amazing variety of ways in which cells are put together. A tall tree, for example, consists of cells arranged to form a high trunk and leafy branches. A red newt’s cells form a body with a head and four legs.
Cells and Function: An organism’s functions are the processes that enable it to stay alive and reproduce. Some functions in organisms include obtaining oxygen, getting rid of wastes, obtaining food, and growing. Cells are involved in all these functions. For example, cells in your digestive system absorb food. The food provides your body with energy and materials needed for growth.
One square centimeter of your skin’s surface contains more than 100,000 cells. But no matter how closely you look with your eyes alone, you won’t be able to see individual skin cells. That is because, like most cells, those of your skin are very small. Until the late 1600s, no one knew cells existed because there was no way to see them.
Development of the Cell theory:Many

================



======= Instance Index 2829 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Motion is defined as a change of position.


Q: Define motion.

 Choices:

- gravitational pull

- speed of objects

- distance traveled

- change of position

A:

Target Text: change of position

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.81401
Retrieved Text: For test purposes you can Add the Motion Sensor and define it as a KeypadLinc. The Motion Sensor is not going to respond because it is asleep but the device will be added. Now you can define Actions Conditions which trigger from Group 1/2/3 On/Off coming from the Motion Sensor, assuming you have linked the MS to the EZSrve manually. This will allow you to define and test the actions you want to respond to the Motion Sensor Group messages.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.537914
Retrieved Text: Our Components for Unity and Unreal engines enable you to quickly and easily develop VR content.
Unity plugins define three management objects (Context, Source, and Input) of the Motion Library as components and manage motion buffers within those components.
It also includes demo projects and sample scenes using motion plug-ins for the Unity3d engine.
Unreal plugins define three management objects (Context, Source, and Input) of the Motion Library as components and manage motion buffers within those components.
It also includes demo maps and sample blueprint using motion plug-ins for the Unreal engine.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.271803
Retrieved Text: In this article, we'll talk about how to generate motion primitves that SBPL uses for its lattice planning. For an introduction to motion primitives, see this article.
A window similar to the one shown below should appear which shows the motion primitives for a variety of angles. If you hit <enter> in the matlab window, you'll see the visualizations increment. As your keep on hitting <enter>, you'll see all the primitives that are generated.
Resolution denotes the resolution of your map.
numberofangles denotes how many discrete states a full 360 degree rotation should be discretized into.
numberofprimsperangle denotes how many different motions the robot can take for a given discretized angle.
To put these parameters into perspective, let's look at the labeled image above. The image shows motion primitives for 1 of the 16 discretized angles (angle = 0). There are 9 different paths the robot can take for a given angle, which are organized into the following categories: forward, forward and turn, sidestep, backward, and turn in place. Note that there are actually two turn in place actions (clockwise and counter clockwise), but this does not show up well in the image. Also, we have two motion primitives for moving forward: one that moves 1 unit, and another that moves 8 units (this tends to speed up the search if chosen well). Since the rotation is discretized into 16 states with 9 primitives for each, the robot will have a total of 144 motion primitives.
The multipliers allow the user to define preferred actions. For example, if the robot is slow

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.536993
Retrieved Text: detected, the alarm out will be triggered immediately as well.
alarm output terminals and activating a siren, buzzer or emergency light.
played with which event (Motion or Alarm input 1).
1. Select Alarm > Audio Upload.
2. Click Browse to select the desired audio file on you hard disk.
1. Select Alarm > Alarm Server.
Choose alarm or motion event.
Define the target alarm server IP address.
Define the target alarm server port number.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.332932
Retrieved Text: How to setup Motion detection and send Email Notification from my DCS-6517 when Motion is detected ?
How to setup Motion detection and send Email Notification from my DCS‑6517 when Motion is detected ?
Motion detection enables the camera to monitor specific areas of your home or office for movement. You can adjust the sensitivity which determines when motion is detected by the camera. When motion is detected, it will trigger to send a notification.
Step 3: This step allows you to enable or disable motion detection, specify the detection sensitivity, and define what parts of the camera’s view to monitor for motion.
- You may specify whether the camera should capture a snapshot, record a video clip, or save a system log when motion detection is detected.
- Percentage: Set how much of the area being monitored for motion must change for motion to be detected. Low percentage indicates that only part of the area being monitored needs to change to detect motion. High percentage means that most of the area needs to change to detect motion.
- Sensitivity: Set how sensitive motion detection will be from 0% to 100%.
(1) Lower sensitivity setting can be useful when monitoring an area that has flickering lights, or through a window to the outside.
(2) Higher sensitivity setting may be useful when monitoring an area that rarely changes, such as a storeroom or warehouse with little activity.
- You can define up to 3 rectangular areas to monitor for motion.
Step 5: You can configure a server for each server type for receiving the picture or video

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.11356
Retrieved Text: ON: Activates motion/activity detection function.
OFF: Deactivates motion/activity detection function.
1. Click Set Motion Area.
The motion setup screen will open.
2. Select the detection area by clicking/dragging the mouse.
occur within the defined area.
the text field is to be overlaid on the video image. See page.
Define an individual text for alarm overlay.
messages. Max. 4 different audio sources can be selected.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.017052
Retrieved Text: A key aspect of service robotics for everyday use is the motion in close proximity to humans. It is essential that the robot exhibits a behavior that signals safety of motion and awareness of the persons in the environment. To achieve this, there is a need to define control strategies that are perceived as socially acceptable by users that are not familiar with robots. In this paper a system for navigation in a hallway is presented, in which the rules of proxemics are used to define the interaction strategies. The experimental results show the contribution to the establishment of effective spatial interaction patterns between the robot and a person.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.813362
Retrieved Text: The Image Analysis Events dialog contains all event sensors that can trigger a camera action based on the results of an image analysis function.
If this option is activated, all window definitions (for Video Motion Detection and MxActivitySensor) will be used on both image sensors. This option is only available on Day/Night models.
Activating this option will detect video motion on both image sensors (regardless of which sensor is actually shown on the Live screen). Note that using this option may reduce the maximum frame rate. An image analysis window that has been defined for the left image sensor will still be active, even if you only see the image from the right lens of the camera. This means that the camera will react on events detected on the left (invisible) image sensor. This option is only available on Dual models.
The Video Motion Detection reacts to movements in certain image areas, called "video motion windows". You can define one or more independent video motion windows for each image sensor (camera lens).
The MxActivitySensor reacts to continuous movements in specific, freely definable image areas. You can define one or more independent of these analysis windows for every image sensor (i.e. camera lens).
Behavioral detection is an extension to MxAnalytics. The sensor reacts according to different behavior profiles of the objects tracked in the image.
Open the Behavioral Detection help page for a detailed description of the parameters and application examples of this sensor.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.701622
Retrieved Text: Previous message (by thread): [Sidefx-houdini-list] Coming to Canada to work,	who is hiring? Showreel!
I am writing a Renderman DSO fo rendering points. But I am not getting motion blur.
I am using RiPointsV function.
to test it. Something like.
Allow Motion Blur, Geometry Blur is on in Houdini, but I am not getting any Motion Blur.
Is there something wrong I am doing?? Do I have to define RiShutter somewhere??

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.667368
Retrieved Text: Upon successful completion of this course, the student should be able to describe careers in engineering and use fundamental concepts in engineering problem solving. Topics include engineering disciplines, aptitude and academic requirements, professional responsibilities, problem definition and solution, engineering design, and terminology. Students will meet professional engineers during field trips to engineering companies and work sites. The primary intent of this course is to introduce students to the engineering problem-solving process and to help each student make the best career decision.
Prerequisites or corequisites: MATH 130 or MATH 171 or MATH 172 or MATH 173 or MATH 241.
Upon successful completion of this course, the student will be able to apply graphic principles used in the engineering design process. The student will master graphics concepts using computer-aided drafting (CAD) software. Topics include 2-D and 3-D CAD commands; geometric construction; multi-view, orthographic projection; sectional views; isometrics; dimensioning; and descriptive geometry.
Prerequisites or corequisites: PHYS 220.
This course introduces the student to the conditions of rest and motion of bodies under the action of forces. The principles used include vectors, force systems, equilibrium, free body diagrams, centroids, moments of inertia, trusses, frames, and shear and moment diagrams.
This course covers the application of the principles of dynamics, the branch of engineering mechanics that studies objects in motion. Topics include unbalanced force systems (Newton's second law), displacement, velocity and acceleration, work and energy, and impulse and momentum.
One-credit hour honors contract is available to qualified students who have an interest in a more thorough investigation of a topic related to this subject. An honors contract

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.638236
Retrieved Text: What is your expression of Motion & Emotion? 공모전이 마감되었습니다.
For over 200 years Peugeot has demonstrated the ability to evolve and change with the times resulting in constant innovation.
Motion and Emotion is Peugeot’s brand signature. It is a statement of intent and aims to define what a customer can expect of Peugeot products of the future.
Now it’s up to you to tell us how you would express Peugeot’s brand signature of 'Motion & Emotion'. We would like you to think about how you are transported when you see something in motion and what emotional response that evokes in you.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.624035
Retrieved Text: We introduce Newton's three laws of motion as we explore what causes objects to move.
Segment 3A: Newton’s Laws Overview We introduce Newton's three laws of motion as we explore what causes objects to move.
-Define each of Newton’s three laws.
-Understand that a force is a push or a pull.
-Explain the difference between balanced and unbalanced forces.
-Calculate the net force acting on an object.
force - a push or pull.
Newton’s 1st Law of Motion - an object at rest remains at rest unless an external unbalanced force acts on it; an object in motion remains in motion unless an external unbalanced force acts on it.
Newton’s 3rd Law of Motion - for every action, there is an equal yet opposite reaction.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.510136
Retrieved Text: I'am a student of 4th year, Electrical Engineering.
Undergoing one year long project " Motion Estimation and Compression in Video Sequences".
I have a basic code for Full search motion estimation but it do not run, can any body help?
How to define the function "Function [x,y,pf] = MCpredict_Full(A,B,N,W)" here?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.406504
Retrieved Text: EDGEN is a "kinematics spreadsheet" developed by EDC. EDGEN uses positions and velocities supplied at up to eight user-specified locations (e.g. Initial, Pre-braking, Impact, etc) to determine the time required to travel between each location. Using this time, EDGEN calculates the average linear accelerations between each location, and then calculates the current velocity and position at each timestep between the user-entered positions.
When used for a vehicle, EDGEN calculates the motion of the sprung mass. Three degrees of freedom (X,Y linear motion, and yaw angular motion) are calculated. Suspension deflection and tire spin degrees of freedom are not included.
Linear Interpolation - EDGEN uses linear interpolation between user-entered path nodes to define the path position and orientation. This can result in discontinuities at the nodes, however, the result is somewhat more predictable.
Spline Interpolation - EDGEN uses spline interpolation between the path nodes to define path position and orientation. The result is a smooth, continuous path that is guaranteed to be tangent at each node.
EDGEN inputs include one vehicle, and an optional environment. Event set-up parameters include at least two and up to eight positions and velocities for the vehicle.
EDGEN output reports include the Accident History, Variable Output and Trajectory Simulation.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.329647
Retrieved Text: HOME > KOLLMORGEN – Why Motion Matters?
KOLLMORGEN – Why Motion Matters?
It’s not simply that motion is at the heart of the machines, vehicles and equipment that define modern life. It’s that all of these critical elements of our daily life must operate under intense new demands and challenges. Sustainability. Energy efficiency. Worker safety. Motion matters because these issues affect the world over.
For machine builders in printing, packaging, converting and other fields, motion can make factory floors more reliable and efficient and machines more productive. Motion can enhance quality and accuracy and improve operator safety. Motion can drive sustainability and reduce scrap. Throughout countless vital industries, and across the factory floor, motion matters.
For aerospace and defense, motion helps meet the extreme demands for uptime performance and environmental flexibility. For decades, this industry has turned to advanced motion solutions to optimize performance and reduce footprint. In aerospace and defense, on all corners of the earth, motion matters.
Motion can make the operating room more conducive to the miracles of medicine. It can make elevators more reliable and safe, warehouses more automated and streamlined, heavy equipment more nimble and energy cleaner, cheaper and more renewable.
Motion matters because it is at the heart of human life. This is why motion matters to Kollmorgen.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.24071
Retrieved Text: Chebili R., Izemouren O., Mellas M., Mezghiche B.
In the following work, the principle of deformation is investigated using a new parameter called the angular velocity. The deformed element of surface is fully defined by this new parameter that is whenever the element of the reference surface undergoes a motion the three components of angular velocity define completely this motion.
- Structural and magnetic properties of electrodeposited NiFe alloy on silicon nanowires.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.20562
Retrieved Text: Record crisp video in complete darkness for distances of up to 7.5 meters. Wireless n technology connects the camera to a wireless network and provides unsurpassed wireless coverage and improved streaming video quality. Add this camera to your wireless network at the touch of a button with Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS). The TV-IP751WIC offers 640 x 480 (VGA) video at up to 20 frames per second (fps), one-way audio, motion detection recording, scheduled recordings, email alerts, date and time overlay, and four times digital zoom. A wall / ceiling mounting kit is included and the camera’s off white housing blends into most environments.
Users can either control each TRENDnet camera individually or can use the free included enterprise class SecurView Pro software to manage up to 32 cameras. SecurView Pro is compatible with Windows and Microsoft Server operating systems and supports all current TRENDnet cameras.
SecurView Pro provides users with extensive camera viewing options. Users can define a combination of weekly recording schedules and motion detection recording; program motion detection areas of any shape; set date, time, and text overlays; and define mask overlays to conceal sensitive areas.
Zero loss architecture provides the ability to record a single video stream to multiple locations simultaneously. Manage recorded files by time or by storage space. A navigation timeline of stored video provides a quick visual reference of recorded content.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.182121
Retrieved Text: Well of death This image shows two riders, riding on the walls of a huge well. How come the gravity is so partial towards them? Is it possible to go against the laws of gravitation? Certainly not! It is the friction between the tyre and the wall which provides the rider necessary centripetal force. This normal force is greater than the gravitational force, which keeps the rider going. Lets discuss how centripetal and centrifugal forces are important for any circular motion, in this topic.
Define and discuss circular motion and its types extensively.
Discuss and relate tangential and rotational speed with relevance to their importance in circular motion of the objects.
Define, discuss and extend the concept of centripetal force to real world applications.
Define, distinguish and differentiate between projectile motion and uniform circular motion.
Understand and evaluate the direction of force at every point, in a circular motion.
Understand and employ the concept of centrifugal force to the real world applications.
Identify the use of centrifuge to separate components that are present in a homogeneous mixture.
Understand, probe and apply the concept of banking of roads to the real world situations.
Discuss the motion of an object in a vertical circle and explore its applications in everyday science scenarios.
A satellite revolving around the Earth in a circular orbit A geostationary satellite is one which is always located above the same spot on Earth. To achieve this, the satellite must revolve in a circular orbit around the Earth with an orbital glide velocity equal to the Earth&apos;s rotation. This occurs in the plane of the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.164022
Retrieved Text: One of the most common ways to make a martial art decidedly less effective would be to add unnecessary extra motions. What would be the best way to define an extra motion? Basically, this would be any type of motion that does not contribute to economy of motion, and slows down the ability to actually deliver an effective offence.
The problem here is that there will also be times when movement is required. For example, when someone is charging on you and a kick would be a preferred technique, you might not be able to kick from where you are. You might have to move in order to deliver the kick. Would this be unnecessary extra motion?
It may or it may not be. There are certain factors that come into play when trying to define whether or not it is extra motion.
What is unnecessary motion in martial arts?
If you move two feet out of the way of an incoming attack, you may be moving far too much. Six inches or so may have been enough. The extra movement is exactly that. It is extra and it is unnecessary. Intelligent martial arts training and working on improving distance would cut down on any excessive movement.
Over time, as your skill develops even further, your martial arts skills will allow you to have greater timing, speed, and overall attributes. This could lead to you being able to perform that kick without sidestepping at all. A common misconception about cutting down on unnecessary motion is that it must start on day

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.093558
Retrieved Text: This version is a crude pre-release version of this film that is still under construction, but I upload this now in order to at least get the information out AND be able to get feedback before the final release.
YOU CAN'T KEEP THESE THINGS A SECRET FOREVER.
Who am I, you might ask? I am someone with a background as a royal marine with a one year special weapon's training, and we all HAVE to fight this global military control grid; we HAVE to stop UN's Agenda 21 NOW, otherwise nothing will ever be possible again; we won't even be here.
I WANT TRUTH NOW, so please spread this film but even more important: Begin to STUDY, and study HARD - Know what the facts are and THEN begin to speak out in order to inform others. THE END IS NOT COMING; IT IS HERE and what we all MUST do now is to STOP IT !!!
You can NOT get a﻿ patent on ANY "perpetual" motor - Why? Because (quote from wikipedia): "Perpetual motion describes "motion that continues indefinitely without any external source of energy; impossible in practice because of friction.""
- KEY WORD HERE: "INDEFINITELY" = IMPOSSIBLE, so what is wrong here is the definition that "science" has given the very word "perpertual".
So, again: You can NOT get a﻿ patent on Perpetual motion because it does not work BUT: You CAN get a patent on things that does not work - Just think about that because it IS the key to understand what have been going on for a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.901421
Retrieved Text: Published 04/25/2019 10:16:22 am at 04/25/2019 10:16:22 am in Linear Drawer Slides.
linear drawer slides 10quot hanging drawer slide 10 inch plastic drawer slides 38g 38mm linear bearing linear drawer slides.
linear bearing drawer slides,linear drawer slides,heavy duty linear drawer slides,linear ball bearing drawer slides,linear glides for drawer slides,zn series - linear drawer slides,linear motion drawer slides,define drawer slides, , drawer slide manufacturers drawer slide suppliers drawer slides, telescopic slides drawer slides linear motion components slide undermountjpg.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.87965
Retrieved Text: Intuitively representing the motion of a snake robot is difficult. This is in part because the internal shape changes that the robot uses to locomote involve the entire body and no single point on the robot intuitively represents the robot’s pose at all times. To address this issue, we present a method of defining body coordinate frames that departs from the typical convention of rigidly fixing a frame to a link on the robot, and instead define a body frame that is based on the averaged position of all of the robot’s links. This averaged frame serves as a virtual chassis that effectively isolates the internal motion of the robot’s shape changes from the external motion, due to the robot’s interaction with its surroundings. This separation of motion allows much simpler models — such as those derived for wheeled vehicles — to accurately approximate the motion of the robot as it moves through the world. We demonstrate the practical advantages of using the virtual chassis body frame by estimating the pitch and roll of a snake robot undergoing dynamic motion by fusing readings from its internal encoders, gyros, and accelerometers with an extended Kalman filter.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.847501
Retrieved Text: Founded by Andre Perrin in 1999, Ibex Engineering is a manufacturer of precision linear and rotary positioning systems, with specific expertise in custom OEM solutions. The company was formed to fill a gap in the motion control and positioning market by providing customized precision motion control platforms when off-the-shelf platforms were insufficient. Since then Ibex Engineering has gained a reputation for servicing the most demanding ultra precision motion control applications for markets that typically define leading edge technology. Those markets include Disk drive, Semiconductor Fabrication, Biomedical, Pharmaceutical, National Laboratories, Microscopy, Life Sciences, Drug Discovery and Genomics. Ibex designs and fabricates everything from simplest screw stages to the most critical non-magnetic, Ultra High Vacuum motion control platforms. We are a quality certified manufacturer with ISO 9001:2015 certification, and we design positioning systems specifically tailored to meet your equipment and process requirements. All our positioning systems employ best-of-class components and are tested in our metrology lab to verify all positioning specifications.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.799416
Retrieved Text: Velociraptor is the only plugÃ???Ã??Ã?Â¢Ã??Ã?Â¢?Ã??Ã?Â¬Ã??Ã?Â¢??in that allows the user to create stylized motion trails that can Arc, Bounce, Cascade, Converge, Curve, Decline, Jolt, Jitter, Loop, Spiral, Spring, Streak, Trail, or Wave. Product Featuers: Enter the plugÃ???Ã??Ã?Â¢Ã??Ã?Â¢?Ã??Ã?Â¬Ã??Ã?Â¢??in with no selection for smooth motion trails and define its path. Enter the plugÃ???Ã??Ã?Â¢Ã??Ã?Â¢?Ã??Ã?Â¬Ã??Ã?Â¢??in with an object selected to access a slightly different interface and a whole new world of motion trails. Takes a feature image, and smears or strobes it in any direction to create two basic types of Velocitry Trails: Continuous Smear and Inverse Selection.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.79314
Retrieved Text: Mobility: Animation Packs for Unity have gotten a big update on Mocap Online and the Unity Asset Store. All new re-packaging so they are more accessible with lower prices, Combo Packs and Upgrades to the complete Mobility: Pro Combo without the initial cost of purchasing all at once. Buy in smaller packs and work your way up to the full Pro Combo pack with upgrade pricing.
The rest of our Unity Animation Packs will be released with the new updates as they are completed, so please stay tuned.
All included animations are set to Humanoid by default.
The included MotusMan_v4 character is set to use its own Avatar, and is meant to be the Master Avatar for all animations.
All animations are set to use/copy the "MotusMan_v4Avatar"
"Root Transform Rotation" = Original, Bake Into Pose. This prevents traveling or facing the wrong direction.
"Loop TIme" is checked for animations meant to loop.
All animations are included as Root motion and In-Place. There is also true "Reference" Root Motion now in these animations.
With Unity’s default of Hips Root Motion, the reference node of the skeleton(Root) is ignored and the Hips define the character’s travel and facing direction. This can cause issues and animation errors since the Hips don’t typically face true forward - causing straight animation loops to turn left or right, or 90 degree strafing animations to travel diagonally, etc. This is what “Original”, “Bake Into Pose”, and other typical animation settings are designed to counteract and fix.
Reference Root Motion is where the actual reference node(Root) is animated to follow directly under the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.78676
Retrieved Text: All CBSE Schools are conducting the SA1 (First Summative Assessment) in the month of September (Kendriya Vidyalayas have already started). At this point, we found it would be useful to the students to have a set of sure shot questions. Practising these will essentially help you score better marks in the forthcoming exams.
Derive equations of uniformly accelerated motion using graphical representation of motion.
State and explain Archimedes’ principle.
Describe an experiment to verify Archimedes’ principle.
Distinguish density and relative density.
What are the effects produced by force?
What is friction? How is it caused? How can it be reduced?
Define impulse of a force.
Why does a cricket fielder pulls his hands backwards while taking a catch?
Define inertia and explain its types with suitable examples.
Describe two instances each where pressure is increased by decreasing the area and pressure is decreased by increasing hte area.
Why motion and rest are said to be relative terms?
Define acceleration due to gravity at a place and discuss its variation with height, depth and latitude.
Write the differences between mass and weight.
Why is a person hurt more when he falls on a concrete floor than when he falls on a heap of sand from the same height?
The weight of an object on the surface of moon is 1.67N and its mass on its surface is 1 kg. Calculate its weight and mass on the surface of earth, (g on earth = 10 m/s2).
When a horse suddenly starts running, a careless rider falls backwards. Explain why?
State the action and reaction in the swimming action of a swimmer.
A stone is thrown vertically

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.630373
Retrieved Text: Nimble, light, and beauty in motion define our snowboard designed for the ladies of the mountain. Dance over jumps and bumps while twirling effortlessly in the snow. Pairing the full camber and stiffness of the Ballerina will make the mountain your dance floor.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.5791
Retrieved Text: We were given a set of words and was asked to use image, text, interaction, motion and audio to define the relationship between the two words. Here are some of my favorites.
There is also an interactive version, click here to play with it.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.4882965
Retrieved Text: Learning to Predict Part Mobility from a Single Static Snapshot. Trans. on Graphics, 2017.
We introduce a method for learning a model for the mobility of parts in 3D objects. Our method allows not only to understand the dynamic functionalities of one or more parts in a 3D object, but also to apply the mobility functions to static 3D models. Specifically, the learned part mobility model can predict mobilities for parts of a 3D object given in the form of a single static snapshot reflecting the spatial configuration of the object parts in 3D space, and transfer the mobility from relevant units in the training data. The training data consists of a set of mobility units of different motion types. Each unit is composed of a pair of 3D object parts (one moving and one reference part), along with usage examples consisting of a few snapshots capturing different motion states of the unit. Taking advantage of a linearity characteristic exhibited by most part motions in everyday objects, and utilizing a set of part-relation descriptors, we define a mapping from static snapshots to dynamic units. This mapping employs a motion-dependent snapshot-to-unit distance obtained via metric learning. We show that our learning scheme leads to accurate motion prediction from single static snapshots and allows proper motion transfer. We also demonstrate other applications such as motion-driven object detection and motion hierarchy construction.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.424938
Retrieved Text: General Relativity Dynamics : Four-Vector Momentum, Geodesic and Non-geodesic motion, Acceleration, and Conserved Parameters.
Refer back to chapter 3 for details not repeated in this section. Consider the displacement between events along a world line .
We know how this transforms between any two frames because of the chain rule.
but as we have seen, that is how a tensor transforms and so this constitutes a displacement four-vector.
The other elements pi are the relativistic momentum.
The integration constant will turn out to be proportional to the square of the mass.
Here it is the basically the length of the momentum four-vector. In a later section we will restore the definition of mass as inertia ( The m in the four-vector equation for massive particles, , four-vector force equals mass times four-vector acceleration, is the same m as the invariant defined above. ) . Generally the definition of mass will be local rest frame relativistic energy which is the same as equation 5.1.3a and is the definition that we will use throughout the rest of this sight where ever the letter m or the word mass is used unqualified. Under this definition, mass is an invariant. It does not change with speed, nor with location in a gravity field!
Equation 5.1.3a is called the mass-shell condition.
Since often varies throughout a system of particles it isn't always useful to define a system mass. Instead it is useful to define a local proper frame mass density and a local proper frame total of masses density in the following ways. (Note-As discussed in 3.1 the system

================



======= Instance Index 9373 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Bones are made up of different types of tissues.


Q: What are bones made up of?

 Choices:

- muscles

- platelets

- molecules

- muscles

A:

Target Text: tissues

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.890417
Retrieved Text: Carpal Tunnel Syndrome (CTS) is typically sighted as the most common culprit behind wrist pain. What most people don’t know is that there is a wide range of other conditions that could result to wrist discomfort. These conditions often masquerade as CTS.
The wrist is made up of 8 carpal tunnel bones that are arranged into arranged into two horizontal rows— the proximal and distal rows— with each row having four bones. The proximal row is made up of the scaphoid, lunate, triangular, and pisiform bones. While the distal row is made up of the trapezium, trapezoid capitate, and hamate.
Consistently growing bodies of research (Magn Reson Imaging Clin N Am 1995;3:249-64.) report that symptoms that result from cervical spine anomalies can easily be confused as to wrist pain.
What most people are not aware of is that the spine and the wrist shares strong anatomical connection. When vertebral bones suffer from misalignment, chiropractically referred to as vertebral subluxation, the wrists too are automatically compromised.
The meridian nerve, which controls the movement of the fingers, extends through the 2 rows of the carpal bones in the wrists. From there, the nerve travels through the elbow, the arms, the shoulders, the neck, and the spinal cord. When movement is restricted in the bones of the cervical vertebrae due to misalignment, the wrist and the fingers become the recipient o tingling, numbing, and painful sensations.
A branch of naturalalternative medicine that traditionally focuses on correcting spinal subluxations, chiropractic care is perfect for improving and maintaining wrist health. Chiropractic adjustments that realign misaligned cervical

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.778198
Retrieved Text: Time to bone up on the human skeleton, kids! So how exactly does this fragile internal structure that keeps us upright and keeps our head on our shoulders operate? First things first: in Bones, kids will be surprised to learn that by the time they’re 20, they will have almost a hundred fewer bones than when they were born. (Read this issue to find out why!) They’ll also find out what bones have in common with rocks, and read about the five types of bones and what they do; among other things, some help make blood, some protect nerves, and some help keep our organs in place.
The human skeleton, for kids, gets the full run-down here; they’ll learn about the axial skeleton, which includes the all-important spinal cord, and the appendicular one, which makes up the bones of our limbs. Moving on to the animal world, kids will enjoy reading about how salamanders can grow back missing limbs, and why antlers are bones, but horns are not. They’ll be intrigued by diagrams showing how fossils are made, and be surprised to find out that ancient Egyptians used ground-up mummies in medicines. Wrapping things up is a section describing bone maladies and the healing process of the human skeleton; for kids curious about X-rays, there are also some great images of hands and animal skeletons that reveal these incredible structures in colorful detail.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.606817
Retrieved Text: The toe bone is connected to the foot bones.
The foot bones are the basement of your skeleton. There are twenty two bones in your foot.
The foot bones are connected to the ankle bone. Without the ankle bone you wouldn't be able to lift your feet when you walk.
The knee bone is also known as the kneecap or patella.
The thigh bone or femur is the largest and heaviest bone in your body. The top of the femur has a ball joint that moves with a socket in the pelvis.
The hip bone or pelvis is made up of six bones.
The backbone or spinal column is made up of twenty-four vertebrae. The last four bones in your backbone form the coccyx. The most important job of the backbone is to protect your spinal cord.
The shoulder bone is made up of a team of three bones, the clavicle, scapula and the top of the humerus.
The neck bone is a continuation of the backbone or spine. It is made up of seven vertebrae called cervical vertebrae.
When we are born we have more than 300 bones, but when we reach adulthood we only have 206. This is because many of the bones in the skull grow together.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.548197
Retrieved Text: Our Community Helper for the letter X is X-Ray Technician. Since X-rays are used to examine bones, we started by exploring some of the functions of the skeletal system.
First we explored bones with play dough. Out of each color of play dough I made two similar cylinders of play dough one with a plastic bone inside and one without.
Then I asked all the kids to try to squish them! What do you think happened?
The results showed that although there was some damage to the cylinder with the bone in it, it did maintain some shape. The piece of play dough without the bone just squished into a ball. So we learned one function of our skeleton is to support the rest of our body so we aren't just blobs of tissue. We also talked about how they protect major organs like the ribs protecting our heart and lungs and our skull protecting our brain.
We also talked about the fact that our skeleton gives us a basic shape, and to show this I set out some plastic dinosaurs along with some plastic dinosaur skeletons. Then I had the kids match them up.
While I didn't have a specific activity to go with the other functions, but we did look at the bones and talk about how muscles attached to bones to allow our bodies to move. I also mentioned to them how bone marrow is where blood cells are made.
Of course we couldn't talk about X-Ray Technicians without actually looking at some X-Rays! I borrowed the ones we

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.440462
Retrieved Text: What's better than a dog bone? How about two in a package? That's just what you'll get with Pawstruck's Knee Cap Dog Bones! Made in the USA from real, beef knee cap bones, we leave the tasty meat on these bones to give your dog the yummiest chewing experience ever. And best of all? Our Knee Cap Dog Bones are free of artificial additives, flavors or preservatives!
Our Knee Cap Dog Bones are made from real beef bones that come from American suppliers we trust. This ensures that your dog receives the safest and tastiest treat possible. Plus, you can feel good about supporting the U.S. economy by buying American made!
The word "natural" is often overused these days, but we're here to tell you that our Knee Cap Dog Bones are different. They're made of 100% natural, real beef from real cattle without any sort of additives, meaning they're as natural as you can get. No more scrutinizing the ingredients label--at Pawstruck, what you see is what you get!
Q. What's in your Knee Cap Dog Bones?
A. The only ingredient in our Knee Cap Dog Bones is beef bone. We don't use any sort of artificial additives or preservatives in these dog chews to give your dog the safest treat possible.
Q. How do you make your Knee Cap Dog Bones?
A. We source our Knee Cap Dog Bones from U.S. cattle from suppliers we trust. We carefully clean and then slowly roast each Knee Cap in the oven to bake in that yummy beef flavor, resulting in a dog

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.14047
Retrieved Text: What are the common wrist injuries?
Ligamentous Injuries: Ligaments are tissues that connect bones to other bones. They are made up of several fibers and one or all of the fibers may be involved. Complete ligament injury occurs when all the fibers are torn. A ligament injury may cause pain and swelling and limit the movement of wrist joints. Ligament injuries are effectively treated with splinting and taping with restriction of movement of the injured structures.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.845806
Retrieved Text: Here is an old pic of some shells and bones I've found over the years. The second pic is of the shells since I put them in a case. The angle is terrible for that second pic, sorry about that. The shells are mostly columellas of whelk shells with a couple being "other" shell items. The shell trade was big in ancient times and these were found 1 hour from the coast. They were often used as awls and many were used as adornment. The acidic soil eats these up pretty fast so the ones I have are soft and deteriorated. A couple of the bigger pieces would have been interesting to see exactly what they were used for. The large piece in the center came from a Ft Walton mound.
The bones on the left are mostly deer leg bones and smaller mammal rib bones. They were cave finds and I could fill a room with them had I kept them. Their debris was everywhere. In the very center of the 2nd pic shows a smiley face. The nose of the face is drilled shell with the eyes being a bird bone and a historic trade bead. The mouth is a string of crinoid fossils from a cave in New Mexico. They weren't used by Native Americans as a necklace but I made them into one just to keep them together. Directly below the string of fossils is an animal tooth found on a Ft Walton period site. Hard to say if it was ancient, but

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.775719
Retrieved Text: A bone is a hard connective tissue, while cartilage is soft connective tissue. Bones form the skeletal structure of the body, whereas cartilage is present in nose, ear, ribs, larynx, and joints and also act as a shock absorber in these joints.
Bones protect against the mechanical damage and supports the movement of the body, provide shape to the body. And as cartilage being soft they are usually found along the respiratory tract, between the joints and in other flexible parts of the body.
Our body’s skeletal system is made up of bones and cartilage. They provide proper shape, rigidity to the body. Both protect the delicate organs from internal and external shock also. They are also responsible for movement and locomotion of the body, along with the flexibility. In this content, we will take up the important differences between both along with their functions.
Meaning Bones are the complex structure, made up of connective tissues which are hard and are helpful in providing protection, shape to the body. Cartilage is the simple structure, made up of connective tissue which is soft and are useful in providing flexibility to the joints and also protect from the external and internal shocks.
Features They are rigid, non-flexible, and tough. They are flexible and are soft-elastic.
Bones grow in both directions (bidirectional). Cartilage grows in single direction (unidirectional).
Haversian system and Volkmann's canals are present. Haversian system and Volkmann's canals are absent.
Bone marrow is present (it is a kind of haematopoietic tissue from which all blood cells are made). Bone marrow is absent.
Lacunae possess canaliculi

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.770206
Retrieved Text: M is for Milk-Bone. What would we do without Milk-Bones? Annie and my previous dogs have all trained on these bone-shaped cookies. I use Milk-Bones to lure Annie into going to bed, to distract her when I’m leaving, and to bribe her when she’s got something in her mouth that I don’t want her to eat—like my paycheck or a paper clip. The trick is to grab the unhealthy item before she finishes eating her cookie. But it works every time. You’d think she’d remember this is a trick, but no. She always goes for the Milk-Bone.
We use the small size cookies that come in various colors and flavors. When Annie gets a larger treat, she furrows her brows, wanders around the yard with it getting soggy in her mouth and ultimately buries it. Sometimes the mind of a dog is a mystery.
Did you know that Milk-Bones are made by Nabisco, which also makes Lorna Doones and Oreos for people? That might explain why I find them so appealing. But for the fear of breaking my teeth, I’d eat them, too.
I once did research on whether people could safely eat dog food. Some of the treats made for dogs look so tasty they’re hard to resist. Those little steaks and “Snausages,” yum. Lately I’ve been buying “Blue Dog” treats that are flavored with peanut butter, bacon, cheese, and chicken. They’re shaped like birds, cats, cows and other animals, and they smell so good. Again, my wimpy human teeth hold me back.
When I asked pet food manufacturers

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.744755
Retrieved Text: Thanks Bill. I'm happy with the way that came out. Pat's young Morgan "Ash" even made his national television debut on my screensaver.
I thought it was a good interview - know they don’t have a lot of time to go in to the details, but thought they hit it pretty hard. Well done!
I agree. Balanced and fair without overstating the evidence. I hope they replay it tonight on "Nightly News".
and more BBC coverage , good details . . .
It's amazing what you can learn from the BBC. Benedictine is an herbal liqueur that Earhart was known to carry.
Never mind the BBC, get the real story here!
You know you've made it when The Onion wants to make fun of you.
More than one of the Middle School groups I've talked to were sure that Noonan's remains were not found because Amelia ate him.
Some stuff we recovered from the Seven Site in 2010 proved to be human feces that contained human DNA (but too degraded to sequence) from more than one person. One explanation is cannibalism, but nobody wanted to go there.
Burn this posting after reading.
What a phenomenal collection of information and research this is. Truly a tour de force.
1. Are there any plausible explanations as to how the bones ended up on the island, if they are not AE's (or FN's) bones?
2. Do we know that the bones were disposed of/buried and are they lost for ever or are there efforts to locate them?
To the best of my knowledge, there really isn’t a better explanation to the presence

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.71749
Retrieved Text: Ever wondered what it takes to keep your bones strong and healthy? Check out our bone health guide and build the strongest bones you can!
Your skeleton may seem like a rigid structure but it’s actually an always changing, active organ.
Bones are made up of minerals, like calcium and phosphorus. Plus, a protein that you may associate more with skin than bones — collagen! Collagen gives our bones some flexibility which helps to prevent them from breaking.
Our bones don’t only grown when we’re kids and then stay the same for life, they are always changing. Minerals are absorbed from the bones to the bloodstream so they can be used in other parts of the body. Then minerals from the bloodstream build new bits of bone. This happens all our life but peak bone mass, when bones are at their biggest and strongest, happens in our 20s to 30s. From around 35 years old, bone loss is higher than bone reformation, so our bones get weaker.
We need many nutrients to keep bones healthy. Calcium and Vitamin D (discussed below) are key. But vitamin K, vitamin C and fluoride also have very important roles. So a balanced diet will help you to build the strongest bones you can.
Bones: Why are They Important?
✔️ Store nutrients, like calcium!
Calcium is a mineral — the most plentiful mineral in the body. In fact, an adult’s weight is made up of about two per cent calcium! And it’s one of the most important nutrients for bone health. It makes up part of the structure

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.708725
Retrieved Text: Teeth and bones look similar and share some commonalities, including being the hardest substances in your body. But teeth aren’t actually bone.
This misconception might arise from the fact that both contain calcium. More than 99 percent of your body’s calcium can be found in your bones and teeth. Approximately 1 percent is found in your blood.
Despite this, the makeup of teeth and bones are quite different. Their differences inform how they heal and how they should be cared for.
Bones are living tissue. They’re made up of the protein collagen and the mineral calcium phosphate. This enables bones to be strong but flexible.
Collagen is like a scaffolding that provides the bone’s framework. The calcium fills in the rest. The inside of the bone has a honeycomb-like structure. It’s called trabecular bone. Trabecular bone is covered by cortical bone.
Because bones are living tissue, they’re constantly being remodeled and regenerated throughout your life. The material never stays the same. Old tissue is broken down, and new tissue is created. When bone breaks, bone cells rush to the broken area to begin regeneration of tissue. Bones also contain marrow, which produces blood cells. Teeth do not have marrow.
The pulp is the innermost part of a tooth. It contains blood vessels, nerves, and connective tissue. The pulp is surrounded by dentin, which is covered by the enamel.
Enamel is the hardest substance in the body. It has no nerves. Though some remineralization of enamel is possible, it can’t regenerate or repair itself if there’s significant damage. This is why it’s important to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.671438
Retrieved Text: and Fire Bone Broth For Broken Bones a try. Back in the day, each person making Bone Broth For Broken Bones and buying up cow skeleton in my trunk. Perhaps it was the variety of healing compounds that have broth on hand for every other recipe I have. Quality Bone Broth For Broken Bones gelatinizes on account of the individual component amino acids. I am into Bone Broth For Broken Bones and wish anything warm, and hot, and layer the fish filets sprinkled with salt and pepper over medium high heat. I have. Remove any large pieces of vitamins, rich minerals, and food from parts of the animal cartilage, why not just eat fowl the least expensive free range chickens I’m currently unemployed. Cover and cook for 12 24 hours of simmering in fact bring the wealthy smooth flavor of your pot. I also put them into a large stock pot or Dutch oven over the body—in tendons, ligaments, bones themselves are actually organs that not all Bone Broth For Broken Bones is created. on why you’re ingesting Bone Broth For Broken Bones, multiple times a day, dodge fatigue, act as many natural and un processed foods, pre made Bone Broth For Broken Bones will not be rich in calcium, magnesium, phosphorus and beneficial trace minerals“One of our regulars called “tallow” and may be scooped out and used for cooking, but my broth does gel when it cools – if they have got been roasted in the oven for around 40 percent collagen, with collagen fibrils.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.6555
Retrieved Text: The other day, I randomly asked Trevor (age 6) how many bones he thought there were in his hand. He glanced at his hand for a second, then made a guess: "5." Without saying a word, I held up my hand and slowly bent my fingers. "Oh! More than 5! Bones don't bend!" He turned his attention to his hand and started counting.
Back when I taught 5th grade, one of the topics we covered in science was the skeletal system. To start the unit, I had my students make an educated guess about how many bones there are in the human body. We felt for bones, thought about joints and movement and what they meant regarding bones, and eventually looked at x-rays to confirm our experiments. I was thinking about all of this as Trevor was counting the bones in his hand... and I realized that an x-ray craft would be perfect to help Trevor learn and to cross another letter off our A-Z list.
There's a classic preschool x-ray craft where kids use q-tips on black construction paper to make a skeleton. I decided Trevor and I would do a twist on that. We started by tracing our hands onto construction paper, then cutting them out and using temporary adhesive to attach them to black cardstock.
Then we lightly misted over the surface using Mister Huey's, which is a wonderful opaque white. I highly recommend it, but you can get a similar look by watering down white paint and putting that in a mini mister.
When you remove

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.654709
Retrieved Text: Bone broth, so simple, so healthful, so cheap, so easy. Bone broth has been backbone of traditional diets throughout the world. It is the corner stone for followers of the Weston A Price and GAPS diets.
This fantastic stuff will also make your food more delicious, so skip those cubes or boxed stock filled with added chemicals and make your own.
First, you’ll need some bones. I primarily make our stock from beef marrow bones. The butcher cuts them into hunks for me. You can also use chicken-carcasses left over from roast chicken are ideal- lamb, venison or whatever bones you have available.
Fill the bottom of your slow cooker with a single layer of bones, frozen is fine. If you like, you can roast the bones for 45 minutes in a medium oven (175 C/350F) before you put them in. I’ve tried it both ways and didn’t taste a noticeable difference myself, but some people swear by roasting. I do roast the bones sometimes if I want to snarfle the marrow out. Delish!
Pour enough water in to cover the bones by an inch or so. Add a good splash of vinegar, at least 2 TBS worth. I use homemade apple cider vinegar. The vinegar is a vital ingredient as it helps free the minerals from the bone.
Cook covered on high until the water bubbles, then turn back down to low. When you’ve been cooking for 20 hours or so, add vegetable cooking scraps or cut up veggies. Ours usually has onion ends and skins, garlic peel, carrot skins

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.652674
Retrieved Text: Meet Bones Style Club, a sustainable fashion brand that's recently hit the scene in New Zealand. The love child of two Raumati besties, Bones Style Club brings ethics, style and affordability together through a versatile range of organic cotton mens and womens basics.
The BSC aesthetic is undeniably Wellingtonian - minimal and understatedly cool, a restrained colour palette consisting of white, grey and (of course) black, making for versatile and trans-seasonal wardrobe pieces.
All of their pieces are hand made in their Wellington Studio using 100% GOTS certified organic cotton - a practice they are passionate about.
We had a chat with co-founder Tessa Fitzgibbon to find out more.
How did Bones Style Club come about?
TF: In a world of abundance we are starved of good health, quality education and sustainable ways to exist. We want more, and we want it now. The global fashion industry is not exempt from this. We (humans) have a strong emotional attachment to how we look and we want this look at the lowest cost to us as an individual. Bones Style Club is my way to give back. We are an effort to realign strong ethics, style and affordability in the fashion industry.
What is the inspiration behind your design style?
TF: I'm inspired by textures, designs, fabrics and a minimalist approach to life after time spent living in Japan. The idea of high quality, high fashion pieces that transition between any occasion. There is no 'one size fits all' model that fits any aspect of the world that we live in, this is why

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.637938
Retrieved Text: While ordinary dog bones are great and all, sometimes your pooch craves a little extra something. That's why we've created a masterpiece for our larger furry friends: our Large Filled Dog Bone Variety Pack! Made in the USA, these best-selling healthy dog treats are a great option for keeping your dog happy and occupied for hours on end all while giving them the luxury of trying all three flavors! What could be better?
This Variety Pack includes 1 Peanut Butter, 1 Cheese & Bacon, and 1 Beef Filled Bone. Our filled bones for dogs are MADE IN THE USA to ensure the healthiest and safest possible dog chews. Our Midwest processing plant adheres to the strictest of quality assurance standards and sources free-range, grass-fed cattle.
Each white femur bone is approximately 5 to 6 inches long and has been hollowed out to make room for our tasty filling. We take the time to slowly roast our American-made white bones for dogs to lock in the natural meaty and smoked flavor that dogs love. This bone is guaranteed to keep your dog busy!
At Pawstruck, we want you to be 100% satisfied with your purchase. That's why we stand behind our 30-day SATISFACTION GUARANTEE! If you aren't happy with your filled bone, our customer care team is ready to help. With a huge selection of Bully Sticks, Dog Chews, Dog Bones, Antlers, and more, we're confident we'll find something to suit your needs.
Buy our bulk femur bones and your wallet will thank you. Generally, we carry bulk dog chews in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.622375
Retrieved Text: Music was inspired by paintings of SAETA’s member Jože Slak. CD with original music is a part of catalogue . Limited edition.
Science, religion and philosophy teach us about who we are, where we are and why we are, and they tell us that we are dust and nothingness. Though art, the dust and nothingness lighten up and acquire meaning.
In this world poisoned with efficiency and money, art is the only space where freedom, daring and dreams are still possible.
Thinking about art always brings me to the point where words lose their power and meaning. the world efined by words is contained in science, religion and philosophy, and is in fact a virtual world – a description of relationships between objects and events, which can not grasp life in its entirety; real life can only be captured, materialised and brought to life in art. Art is not perceived only through our sensory organs, but also through our humanness, which is the sum of the senses, emotions, intellect, and something unknown – and this unknown is the driving force and goal of any art. In the face of the unknown words go numb, and it is there that Truth begins.
What is left of our existence is nothing but bones and debris; on the basis of preserved bones and debris we try to reconstruct our history and origins. Bones are mineral remains that testify to human history. Our lives are based on the bones of our ancestors, and our homes are built of the bones of ancient animals and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.599884
Retrieved Text: When you think of popular Vietnamese noodle soups, what’s the first thing that pop up in your head? Pho, right? Well, in Phu Quoc, my parents hometown in Vietnam, Banh Canh, a.k.a. Vietnamese Udon Noodle Soup, is king. This is what I remember seeing most people eat on a daily basis when I visited Phu Quoc back in 2006 AND this is also what my mother made pretty frequently for my family for as long as I can remember.
The most important part of Banh Canh is the pork broth. Pork neck bones and pork spare ribs must be simmered for several hours to create a super flavorful broth. Once the pork broth is ready, you would fill a bowl with thick and chewy Vietnamese udon noodles (typically made of either tapioca or rice flour), top the noodles with boiled shrimp, thinly sliced fish cake, and tender pork bones (or any other available protein), ladle a big spoonful of boiling hot pork broth over the noodles, garnish the hot bowls with fresh chopped green onions and cilantro, and finally squeeze some lime juice over the noodle soup to brighten it all up. Delicious! Banh Canh is ultra flavorful and I guarantee you will enjoy all the different textures in every bite.
There are many variations of Banh Canh, but this is how my family made it growing up and this is what I love. Personally, I’m not a big fan of the other Banh Canh variations served at Vietnamese restaurants, but I think it’s definitely a preference thing.
Parboil

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.577188
Retrieved Text: We understand the incredible complexity of the wrist joint.
At AHHOT we have extensive experience in managing different fractures of the wrist. We understand what is involved in correct diagnosis and management of different wrist bone fractures; the expected healing time frames of different bones and how to treat associated soft tissue injuries. We custom make splints to protect the bones as they heal and provide education about how to keep the surrounding muscles strong while the broken wrist heals safely.
The wrist is made up of eight carpal bones which work with the forearm and finger bones to support and direct hand function and movement. There are over 100 ligaments in the wrist which support the bones, and tendons which contribute to direct movement.
Wrist fractures frequently occur from falling on the hand, or forceful impact such as during a motor vehicle accident or mountain bike fall. Where ever there is suspicion of a broken wrist bone an x-ray is recommended.
Different fractures will be managed in different ways. Some bones will heal without an operation, if held still in a supportive custom made splint. Other fractures will require an operation for fixation of the fracture. Depending upon which bone, and whether it has been fixed operatively or not- will determine when it is safe to introduce movement and strengthening exercises. However we do have some tricks to keep the injured wrist strong- even when it is in a plaster or splint, which can minimise stiffness, and increase speed in return to work and sport.
Caution is key: proximal pole

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.502377
Retrieved Text: Edward “Bones” was a talented sculptor with a strange fascination for bones. But when deboned human remains started turning up all over town, it became clear that this interest of his had got somewhat out of control. Finally arrested by Irene after a lengthy investigation, Bones was condemned to life in solitary confinement, far from his workshop where his latest work remained incomplete. Having been sleeping in the compartment of the high security airplane, he only realized what had happened to the aircraft when he came face to face with a ferocious dinosaur. However, Bones, who’d been unable to indulge any of his sadistic leanings since being locked up, probably now counted among the lost world’s most vicious predators. After having strangled the animal and thoroughly stripped its skeleton, Bones made some bone boomerangs that were just the thing for taking on the larger creatures that came sniffing round. So why did he join forces with the Raptors, I hear you ask. So he could return to Clint City and complete his bony master-piece.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.451275
Retrieved Text: The human skeleton is made up of 206 bones. The functions of the skeleton are to provide support, give our bodies shape, provide protection to other systems and organs of the body, to provide attachments for muscles, to produce movement and to produce red blood cells.
Bone marrow is a soft gelatin-like tissue found in the central cavities of long bones and some short bones. It contains Stem cells and it produces most of the new red blood cells in the human body. There are two types of bone marrow. Redbone marrow (which is also known as myeloid tissue) and yellow bone marrow (fatty tissue).
There are 5 types of bones in the human body. These are long bones, short bones, flat bones, irregular bones, and sesamoid bones. Here we outline the different types of bones in the human body and explain where they are found.
The human skull contains 22 bones. 8 bones make up the cranium and the other 14 form the lower front of the skull, these are known as the facial bones.
The Breastbone (Sternum) is a flat bone which runs down the middle of the front of the chest. The sternum consists of the manubrium; the corpus (body) and the xiphoid process. The main function of the breastbone is to work with the ribs to protect the lungs, heart and major blood vessels.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.449545
Retrieved Text: Bony tarsus: A structure that is made up of seven bones situated between the bones of the lower leg and the metatarsus bones of the feet. The seven bones of the bony tarsus are the calcaneus, talus (astragalus), cuboid, and navicular (scaphoid), plus the first, second, and third cuneiform bones. The bony tarsus contributes to the broad, flat framework of the foot.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.40008
Retrieved Text: The spine consists of seven cervical (neck) vertebra bones, twelve thoracic (chest) vertebra bones, five lumbar (back) vertebra bones, and the sacrum (five fused vertebra). They are interconnected with small facet joints. Between each of these vertebra is an intervertebral disk which acts as a shock absorber.
The spine has several functions: providing skeletal stability to the body, allowing movement such as bending and turning, and protecting the spinal cord.
The spine is connected to the legs through the pelvis. The pelvis is a ring of bones made up of three sections. The back section of the pelvis is the sacrum. The front and side of the pelvis are made up of three segments (the Ilium, ischium, and pubis). On the sides of this ring are the cup-shaped indentions that hold the head of each upper leg (femur), forming the hip joints.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.376362
Retrieved Text: as GERD, IBS, bloating, gluten and dairy, you could event pain and inflammation in the complete broth. It’s simply no reason to suspect Breakspear of the GAPS diet, a restrictive diet free of grains, dairy if tolerated is a must, in addition to ingesting Bone Broth Recipe Collagen is naturally low in carbs. Today’s home cooks are making the broth without a programmable pressure cooker we only bring back the dead but that I have seen a change. medium bowl, and the greens and meat. The long cooking it for up to 72 hours Beef Bone Broth Recipe Collagen. Some of generating collagen by itself Bone Broth Recipe Collagen is awfully cost-efficient, as you can make use it I just pick the bones The Bone Broth Recipe Collagen is filled glass and pay homage to add, anything Justin and I don’t know about you, but made from bones of chook, turkey, and other styles of water if you would like. habit 5 2 kilos of vinegar in my broth, so I had to do the breast meat, which is fine mesh sieve. Put your bones, which you could go in your body’s own connective tissue, particularly beef bones, be sure to’re are searching for a regular nutritional standpoint, here’s why we love like waffles. The longer period The gelatin in the fridge to cool so you are making at home. By pulling the a good option minerals from the. and ligaments. I were boiling up the bones, cartilage that leads to more of rejuvenating your body,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.354897
Retrieved Text: Desperation was on the menu that day. My friend had a confession.
stranglehold of single herb syndrome and look to Provence.
lighter with a variety of herbs and made without nuts—into the soup until it’s completely dispersed.
and broth. Plus it’s traditional to pound a small tomato into the pistou.
The Soupe au Pistou, vegetable soup from Provence, is made when herbs hurry to flower and small tomatoes say "put me in coach...."
Grew in pure mind but out of what began?
Interview with Tamara Sheen, a wellness cook living in Great Barrington, Massachusetts.
Broth made from the bones of any animal. Vegetables such as onion, celery, carrot as well as pepper and bay leaf are added for flavor. It’s the base of soup or any dish if you’re a home or restaurant cook. Broth can be used to make soup or to braise.
Which bones, all of them?
Knuckle bones have cartilage which is where the collagen lives. Collagen makes the nutrients more accessible to your body. Marrow bones also. When you boil the bones and the collagen is extracted, the body gets natural amino acids. Stock can be made from any animal bones: chicken, lamb, beef, goat, venison, buffalo and fish.
Go visit a farmer whose animals are grazing on grass or check out a butcher and ask for bones with knuckles and marrow. Chicken feet are good because they provide a lot of collagen and gelatin.
Put bones in a stock pot of water. Add vinegar or wine to help pull out the nutrients. If you are making beef broth, roast the beef bones

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.353056
Retrieved Text: The Best Foods for Better Bones!
What kind of steps are you already taking towards better health? What else can you do? How about taking a look at your bone health? Are you taking measures that promote bone health?
Diet plays a very important role in bone health. Calcium and Vitamin D are essential for bone health and according to the USDA, 75% of Americans are not getting enough calcium each day. Let's take a look at how you can help improve the health of your bones �" all 206 of them!
Bone is constantly being broken down and rebuilt with calcium and other nutrients being added to help strengthen bones. Childhood through young adulthood are critical periods for building and determining peak bone mass. This is when bone formation is greater than bone loss.
At about age 30, bone is broken down faster than it can be rebuilt making adequate calcium intake and regular physical activity very important to help maintain bone mass.
Bone is vital to our mobility and structure, protects our organs and stores calcium which helps maintain calcium levels in the blood.
Bone strength can vary between individuals. Some ethnicities have stronger bones than others, men generally have greater bone mass than women, bone mass decreases with age and heavier people tend to have stronger bones than smaller, thin people.
Regular physical activity, especially weight bearing activities such as strength training, walking, running and aerobics, can help promote bone health by reducing bone loss and protecting peak bone mass.
Other factors such as smoking, alcohol abuse and some medications can

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.337698
Retrieved Text: If you ask most kids what bones are made of, they would quickly answer “calcium!” Though it’s not incorrect, years of us telling them to drink their milk for strong bones has hidden an amazing feature of nature, biomineralization by proteins. Calcium is only half the story of bones. Though the semi-crystalline mineral that contains calcium, oxygen, hydrogen, and phosphorus, called hydroxyapatite, provides strength and rigidity, our bones also need to be elastic to help absorb shock. This is where proteins come in. Your bones are made of living tissue that spew out networks of protein that trap and crystallize the calcium in your body. Together they form the strong, resilient biomaterial we know as bones.
You can feel the flexibility of the protein network for yourself by reacting and dissolving the hydroxyapatite from the bones in vinegar. What’s left are entertaining, wiggly bones the kids will love to play with (except my daughter, who was too grossed out and didn’t want to touch them which is why all these pictures are of my hands ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ).
Clean all the meat off the bones. We boiled ours to remove the stubborn bits.
Place in the sealable container and cover with vinegar.
Leave them in vinegar until bendy. Our thinnest bones from chicken wings took just a few days to become bendy, whereas the bones from the chicken leg took over 3 weeks.
Biological mineralization, when an organism causes inorganic salts to crystallize or precipitate, happens more frequently than you think! Humans are able to make bone and teeth. Other examples of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.337152
Retrieved Text: The bones of the human skeleton are classified by their shape: long bones, short bones, flat bones, sutural bones, sesamoid bones, and irregular bones ((Figure)).
Long bones are longer than they are wide and have a shaft and two ends. The diaphysis, or central shaft, contains bone marrow in a marrow cavity. The rounded ends, the epiphyses, are covered with articular cartilage and are filled with red bone marrow, which produces blood cells ((Figure)). Most of the limb bones are long bones—for example, the femur, tibia, ulna, and radius. Exceptions to this include the patella and the bones of the wrist and ankle.
Short bones, or cuboidal bones, are bones that are the same width and length, giving them a cube-like shape. For example, the bones of the wrist (carpals) and ankle (tarsals) are short bones ((Figure)).
Flat bones are thin and relatively broad bones that are found where extensive protection of organs is required or where broad surfaces of muscle attachment are required. Examples of flat bones are the sternum (breast bone), ribs, scapulae (shoulder blades), and the roof of the skull ((Figure)).
Sesamoid bones are small, flat bones and are shaped similarly to a sesame seed. The patellae are sesamoid bones ((Figure)). Sesamoid bones develop inside tendons and may be found near joints at the knees, hands, and feet.
Compact bone (or cortical bone) forms the hard external layer of all bones and surrounds the medullary cavity, or bone marrow. It provides protection and strength to bones. Compact bone tissue consists of units called osteons or Haversian systems. Osteons

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.324408
Retrieved Text: (a) Joints of the bones help in the_____________ of the body.
(b) A combination of bones and cartilages forms the_______________ of the body.
(a) The movement and locomotion of all animals is exactly the same.
(b) The cartilages are harder than bones.
(c) The finger bones do not have joints.
(d) The fore arm has two bones.
(e) Cockroaches have an outer skeleton.
(a) The rounded end of one bone fits into the hollow space of other bone. This is called ball and socket joint. Ball and socket joints allow movements in all the directions, e.g. shoulder and hip can be moved in all directions.
(b) In skull, only lower jaw is movable.
(c) Our elbow cannot move backwards because the elbow has a hinge joint that allows movement in only one direction.
1. What do you mean by movement?
Ans: The changing position of the body or any part of the body is called movement.
2. At which part does the arm rotate?
Ans: The arm rotates on the round pit-like structure.
3. If you tie a scale with your arm, are you able to bend your elbow?
Ans: No, we cannot bend our elbow.
4. Name the places where two parts of the body are seen to be joined together.
Ans: These places are called joint.
5. If there are no joints then will it be possible to move?
Ans: No, it is not possible.
6. Can bones be bent?
Ans: No, bones cannot be bent.
7. Can we bend our body at every part?
Ans: No, we can bend our body only at joints.
8. How many types of joints are there?
Ans: There are five types of

================



======= Instance Index 11324 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Levels of organization, from the atom (smallest) to the organism (largest). Notice that organelles are inside a cell, and organs are inside an organism.


Q: What is the largest level of organization?

 Choices:

- organelle

- protein

- genome

- organism

A:

Target Text: organism

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.899155
Retrieved Text: We recently caught up with Karim Nensi, CFO of Stephenson’s Rental Services. Stephenson’s is Canada’s largest independent privately owned construction equipment rental company with over 60 years of history. The company enjoys a leading market share in southern Ontario, the largest construction market in North America and home to Toronto, North America’s 5th largest city.
What made you choose Wynne Systems to run your back office?
Wynne’s commitment to invest and continue to develop their software is extremely important to us. Stephenson’s has been a leader in bringing innovative products, rental programs and solutions to the market and we wanted to partner with a company that had the same commitment.
The other main reason was the extremely powerful and robust reporting tools. These reporting tools allow us to have absolute clarity on equipment availability, the lifecycle of our equipment, employee productivity together with customer activity and revenue, all in real time. This allows the organization to react quickly and with accurate verifiable data to changes both within and outside the organization. This level of reporting also provides us with the opportunity to find pressure points within the organization allowing the company to improve productivity, equipment availability and increase overall customer satisfaction.
To read his full interview and insights, click here.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.3422
Retrieved Text: Do you know how your organization would answer these questions today?
Is a consumer-driven health plan right for our organization?
Is the renewal we have received from our carrier fair?
How do we determine the appropriate individual stop loss level?
Are the benefit plan design changes given proper discounts by the carrier?
What is driving our medical and prescription drug costs?
What is the projected out-of-pocket impact to our employees of a plan design change?
What are the unique risk factors of our employee population and how do they impact our costs?
How do our benefits, premiums and contribution level stack up against our peers?
Scott is uniquely positioned to help you answer these questions and more.
Powered by deep actuarial experience, our Financial Risk Management Team offers underwriting and benchmarking analysis, comprehensive claims assessment and analysis, and local, regional and national market perspectives that identify risks and opportunities for improvement within your unique employee population.
Our partnership with one of the country’s largest and most respected actuarial consulting firms provides our clients with access to data and proprietary actuarial models that provide insight into their unique risks and opportunities for improvement. With this independent third party analysis, we are able to validate insurance carriers’ proposals and recommendations and provide a level of transparency not accessible by most mid-market businesses.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.330233
Retrieved Text: Here-4-You Consulting conducts a Grant Feasibility Testing & Grant Market Analysis on every potential client and their project to ensure there is funding potential for their program. The consultation ensures that our efforts are likely to be successful and are not simply giving an organization false hope. With this report, we research the grant funding market to understand what the opportunities look like for your ministry or nonprofit. This process has enabled us to have over 80% of our proposals funded!
This section will give you a straight answer about what you can expect from our proposed Grant Development Strategy. Can you reach your goal in one year? Two years? Can we expect many positive responses in our first year? Honest and straight forward answers are provided.
96% of ALL Foundations are willing to fund Faith-Based and Religious Programs if there is a match with their mission and 54,400 foundations (68%) have awarded at least one grant to a faith-based organization in the last fiscal year. On average, each foundation has awarded three grants with an average grant award of $40,314. We analyze the stated giving priorities of over 85,000 foundations to see if foundations are interested in funding the proposed project. We will also look at the number of funders interested in funding the specific geographic region. If we do not find positive results, we will let you know what factors would improve your chances of funding.
A 2003 survey found that the 50 largest foundations awarded approximately $69 million in grants to faith-based social service organizations in

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.075672
Retrieved Text: The Sarasota Film Festival is a 501(c)3 non-profit art organization and is the largest festival in the Southeastern United States, featuring over 220 films. Our festival is one of the largest in North America and is recognized in the top ten for attendance, drawing over 50,000 ticket holders annually. The festival also draws national film industry attendees and regional press including The New York Film Critics’ Circle, Variety, The Hollywood Reporter, The New York Times, New York Magazine, Entertainment Weekly, indieWIRE, USA Today, GQ, Vanity Fair, The Huffington Post, Paste Magazine, and many more.
The Sarasota Film Festival is a 501(c)3 institution whose mission is to celebrate the art of filmmaking and the contribution of filmmakers by hosting an international film festival and developing year-long programs for the economic, educational and cultural benefit of our community.
This is our eighteenth annual festival.
We provide entertaining and meaningful experiences in and around the world of independent film.
Complete attention and care. Our audiences are the reason we are here in the first place!
We are the largest regional film festival in the country, and in the top ten of all film festivals nationally. Yet we retain our Sarasota roots as well. The Sarasota Film Festival is well known within the film world for the strength of its programming, the tight-knit nature of its filmmaking community, and its great parties!
What benefit(s) attracted you to The Greater Sarasota Chamber of Commerce?
Any serious organization should be a part of the Chamber. It’s by working together that we move the community forward.
We will have had five

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.05207
Retrieved Text: NAMI, the nation’s largest grassroots mental health organization, needed its CIO needed to focus on his vision for technology in NAMI’s future which didn’t leave time for day-to-day network administration tasks including managing its on-prem servers, backup system, Azure cloud services, Office 365, patch management, network security, and so on.
NAMI hired Work Consultants to manage their enterprise-level IT while their existing on-site desktop support team continues their good work. Bonus: we’re mentoring the desktop support staff!
Now everyone is happy; NAMI’s CEO has freed-up his time for what he likes to do, their desktop support team is backstopped by higher-tier support, and we’re doing what we love to do for an organization doing amazing work itself.
We couldn’t be happier to be working with NAMI!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.413755
Retrieved Text: The events shown here are promoted (bronze level), because the logo of their organization has been added. To add your logo to an organization costs 10€, a one-time fee. The logo is shown on the organization page, sub organizations, event pages and through widgets on other sites if they choose to configure the widget that way. The logo is also shown on the main search page when searching for events that are matching. Largest events are shown first.
To be shown before other bronze level events (but as always only when search selections match the event) you can promote it to silver or gold.
Contact us to add logo or promote your event further.
Nordens största bokmässa, årligen sedan 1985.
Kom och träna svenska i vårt språkcafé. Ingen föranmälan eller kostnad.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.23957
Retrieved Text: .ORG - Abbreviation for "organization". Was originally designed for non-profit organizations. The .org domain is one of the five largest top-level domains in the world and can be registered by anyone.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.152761
Retrieved Text: COVINGTON – St. Tammany Parish Hospital Board of Commissioners approved a new entry level wage of $12 per hour, effective January 20.
The increase from $9.50 per hour to $12 per hour, represents a 26 percent increase for the 232-bed service district hospital for western St. Tammany and surrounding areas.
With 2,300 employees, St. Tammany Parish Hospital is the city of Covington’s largest employer and the parish’s second-largest employer. Healthcare is the second largest private employment sector in St. Tammany Parish, according to data from St. Tammany Corp., economic development organization.
The board decision comes as a result of analysis of local workforce data, compensation rates and a recognition that colleagues at every level have direct impact on hospital quality, safety and patient experience. STPH was honored for world-class performance in all three measures in 2018 by national organizations including US News & World Report, Care Chex, Leapfrog, Healthgrades and Women’s Choice.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.13323
Retrieved Text: More than a third of U.S. adults are obese, according to the Centers for Disease Control. And in 2008, this epidemic cost the country an estimated $147 billion dollars. Obesity is a serious, and very new, public health challenge. If you work in healthcare, this is a situation that cannot be ignored. This collection of resources is intended to be a useful supplement for public health professionals and students struggling to get a grip on the obesity crisis in America.
The highest-impact journals for obesity research charge a pretty penny to read their articles, but that doesn’t mean there aren’t some reputable open-access journals publishing solid research. Here are a few of the best.
Perhaps no disease is more closely linked to obesity than type-2 diabetes. This high-impact journal looks at the latest hard science for understanding what we eat, our body weight, and disease.
This free online journal publishes recent research mainly related to the medical side of obesity prevention and treatment, but also some nutritional and sociocultural studies.
The official journal of the Saudi Arabia Society of Metabolic and Bariatric Medicine features some interesting research on the relationship between obesity and disease.
This online journal publishes freely available articles on all aspects of obesity prevention, reduction, and causes at the individual level.
Why are so many people overweight in the developed world? Is it culture, backwards incentives, or genetics? Discover the best of what we know with these free course materials from the most prestigious universities.
Eating is the number one cause of obesity, and this amusing set of video lectures

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.075262
Retrieved Text: 3CLogic, a leading provider of cloud contact center software, today announced that it has been selected to deploy an enterprise-level, hybrid cloud contact center solution for one of the largest public accounting, consulting, and technology firms in the United States.
Seeking to improve agent efficiency and the overall customer experience while automating administrative tasks, the firm required a unified communication offering to merge its existing CRM and telephony system. Leveraging 3CLogic’s native integration with the company’s ServiceNow®ITSM platform, the organization will gain deep visibility into what drives agent activities, while enhancing data entry and accuracy.
Deploying as a hybrid cloud solution, 3CLogic will utilize the firm’s existing AudioCodes’ session border controller (SBC) telephony infrastructure while adding enhanced flexibility and control to day-to-day call center operations without the need to “rip and replace” existing legacy systems.
The initiative is part of an ongoing effort to consolidate multiple Level 1 and Level 2 support groups that will serve as an internal helpdesk to company employees while also addressing external customer support issues and potential future HR use cases.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.070715
Retrieved Text: I would like to know what report can give me the top 10 largest mailboxes in the organisation.
The report template you are looking for is called Mailbox Storage Information and you will find it on the Templates > Storage menu. Information is dynamically collected through via PowerShell (from Exchange 2010 onwards) or a dynamic MAPI connection to Exchange (Exchange 2007).
Selection tab: All organization mailboxes.
Options tab: As shown below.
Content tab: Set the detail level to Mailbox storage (item size and count).
Presentation tab: Display = Table (for a table only), Graph (for a graph only), Graph & Table (for both), Size in MB = MegaBytes.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.044275
Retrieved Text: The global warming emergency is the most critical moral issue of our time. The Association for the Tree of Life (ATL) is working on effective responses that meet the scope, scale, and urgency of the crisis. ATL is a lead organization calling for and catalyzing the broad-based media, educational, and grassroots campaigns resulting in Emergency Climate and Ecological Mobilization that produces zero US carbon emissions within a decade.
Our team has a track record of delivering results on a national grassroots movement and national legislation, for the largest ecological restoration in US history. The infrastructure for that particular movement still remains and can be activated.
We have grassroots partners ready to engage their citizen networks through massive outreach.
We have committed partners involved in the integration of climate ethics into faith denominations at the national level. We have thousands of partner venues throughout the US ready to host the essential climate education and conversation now.
We have science communication partners ready to utilize the best available educational resources on climate change. Finally, we are working with the most acclaimed scientists and energy experts in the world to clearly explain what is at stake and what we must do to address the crisis.
ATL is an independent, nonpartisan 501c3 nonprofit organization.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.986799
Retrieved Text: What is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit?
One Health Organization > General > What is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit?
You may have seen nonprofits cite a number after 501(c). Perhaps you didn’t really know what they meant. They refer to specific sections of the IRS tax code.
Only the IRS can make these determinations.
If you are looking to donate funds to a charity, make sure you know that it’s been designated by the IRS as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit before you donate. Check with your financial advisor or the person or company who helps you prepare your taxes to check if your donation is tax deductible for you.
To check out any nonprofit organization for yourself, visit GuideStar. If an IRS Form 990 was filled out, then you can see what kind of 501(c) nonprofit they are.
One Health Organization earned the Platinum GuideStar Nonprofit Profile participation level in 2017! This leading symbol of nonprofit transparency and accountability is presented by GuideStar, the world’s largest source of nonprofit information. We’re proud to use GuideStar Platinum to share our full and complete story with you and the rest of the world. By sharing these metrics, you can look beyond simplistic financial ratios to assess our progress.
In order to be awarded the 2017 Platinum Seal of Transparency, we added extensive information to our Nonprofit Profile: basic contact and organizational information; in-depth financial information; quantitative information about goals, strategies, and progress toward our mission. This was done just for you, someone who wants to know that your charitable gifts are being used where you want to make all

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.921411
Retrieved Text: WICT Rocky Mountain was founded in 1996. The national WICT organization was founded in 1979 and today is the oldest and largest organization serving women professionals in cable and telecommunications. WICT is steadfast in its resolve to advance the position and influence of women in the telecommunications industry through proven leadership programs and services at the national and local level. Learn more about the national WICT organization. Recently the Rocky Mountain chapter has broadened its membership and programs to leverage opportunities for both men and women. In doing so it is the chapter’s hope that all professionals stay well informed and connected in order to advance their careers with an open minded perspective.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.90292
Retrieved Text: Gartner Executive Programs is an exclusive, membership-based organization serving more than 5,000 CIOs and senior IT leaders worldwide. Members benefit from the convenience of a single source of knowledge and insight focused on CIO-level challenges, service delivery in their context, the shared knowledge of the world's largest community of CIOs, and the assurance of Gartner objectivity and independence. Gartner’s Executive Partners act as coaches, content-providers and business advisors to Executive Programs members, and partner with colleagues across the organization to deliver service solutions utilizing Gartner products and services.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.830307
Retrieved Text: Every year, the Risk Management Society (RIMS) conducts an annual global survey of companies to obtain insights into their risk management practices. We reviewed the RIMS 2017 Enterprise Risk Management Benchmark Survey to assess the level of adoption of ERM by leading companies around the world. The survey consisted of polling many companies, with the outcome having 397 respondents from over 14 different industries.
1. To what extent has your organization adopted and/or considering implementing an ERM program?
2. Are insights from your ERM program being used to inform and influence corporate strategy?
3. What motivated the implementation and/or the expansion of the enterprise risk management program at your organization?
The outcome of the RIMS survey revealed that many companies have made progress regarding their awareness, adoption, and implementation of enterprise risk management (ERM) programs. The survey also indicated that while some progress has been made, there is still significant improvement that could be made before we may conclude that ERM has been embraced as a useful and sustainable management tool for most leading corporations.
The outcome of survey indicated that approximately 72% of respondents had either fully or partially adopted and implemented ERM. Specifically, 24% of survey respondents had fully integrated ERM into their organization. Full integration is considered as ERM having been deployed at the corporate level and throughout all business units. Partial integration of ERM was 48%. In contrast, 14% of respondents had not implemented any type of ERM program. Finally, 13% of respondents had indicated that they were in the initial stages of implementing an ERM program.
Table

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.813388
Retrieved Text: When I started working at AWL I was really impressed by the complexity of the machines. After having filled various positions, I have been in Concept Engineering at the Special Projects department for a while now. There is very little that is standard with these projects and it is up to us, together with Sales, to hit the right note with the customer. What I really like is when you come up with the winning idea together and it actually becomes an order. That really gives a kick. The continuous improvement of the organization and the space and freedom that you get to do that, really appeal to me. And besides that, the technology and dynamics at AWL are amazing. You see a machine not only on paper but also in reality on the shop floor. We develop, build and test, all under one roof. Sometimes I realize too little that what we create at AWL is truly unique and of a very high level. What I have fond memories of is the machine concept finding of the largest laser project ever: a laser welding combination for car seat structures. It was really cool when it actually became an order, the largest one in AWL history so far. A risky project that AWL was even able to build a couple of times. The confidence that I received then and still do, the independence and freedom, make working at AWL very pleasant.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.635954
Retrieved Text: As the largest collegiate business student organization in the world, Phi Beta Lambda (PBL) is equipped to provide its members with a vast bank of knowledge, many opportunities to network and lead, and recognition for students' outstanding scholastic achievements.
If you are looking for a way to put your career knowledge to the test and realize your full potential as a leader, then visit us at a meeting and discover all that PBL can do for you. Join an organization that spans the nation and connects you with people at the local, state, and national level.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.597223
Retrieved Text: YOU’LL FAIL TO BAN US!
The BKDP membership is nearly 10 000 members. The largest among the BKDP member organizations is the BNP. It affiliates primary-level union organization of miners (NPG) at RUP “PO Belaruskaliy” in Soligorsk – 4100 members; OAO “Mosyr oil refinery”- 1300; OAO “GrodnoAzot” chemical company; OAO “Polimir”chemical company – 900 and several other organizations.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.531551
Retrieved Text: The middle, and largest, number is the one I want you think about for a moment. Forget about innovation for just a minute and consider the power of 56% of employees who may not be fully engaged in your organization. The number may be higher or lower, but the concept is powerful. There is a group of people in your organization–good people who are talented and yes…complacent. They need to be inspired and challenged to rise to a new level of excellence. They are longing to be led with authenticity and given a picture of a preferable future. They are longing to be invited into something big that really matters.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.480358
Retrieved Text: Is the Chinese oil consumption growing faster than the US oil production?
Chinese oil consumption and US oil production are growing fast. Analysts have a special interest in the US oil production data. The financial media comment every week on the latest data about oil production and consumption from the US Energy Information Office (EIA). There is also a lot of interest in the weekly reports on the number of oil rigs form the analyst firm Baker Hughes. But what about Chinese oil consumption? For oil consumption analyst rely on limited official Chinese data. Oil consumption in China is a big unknown and can be much higher than is estimated by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) or the EIA. And what do we know about the Chinese strategic reserves? If production increase does not meet Chinese demand, we expect oil price pass the hundred dollars within two years.
The year 2017 highlighted some changes on the global oil market. Firstly, despite the increase in production of this raw material in the United States, its stored reserves are decreasing rapidly on an annual basis. Secondly, a sharp increase in oil imports from the United States to China has contributed to the fact that Beijing has become the world's largest importer of oil. Thirdly, the forecasts indicate that before 2025 the Middle Kingdom will overtake the US a largest consumer and will be responsible for 18-20% of the world's oil consumption.
The level of oil production in the United States is growing steadily. In mid-February 2018, its production in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.465856
Retrieved Text: WHY SHOULD I JOIN THE ROYAL CANADIAN LEGION?
•Social Activities – Our branch has recreational facilities and we have licensed lounges. Members can enjoy a wide variety of social events such as dances, BBQ's, entertainment and a host of other special events.
•Member Sports – The Legion has sporting events such as darts, shuffleboard, euchre, cribbage and snooker, with competitions ranging from local, provincial to national levels.
•Member Benefits Package – The Legion has developed a relationship with a number of corporate partners to provide products and services to its members. Some of the partners include a home and auto insurance company, health care services, a credit card company, and an auto club to name a few. Only Legion members are entitled to the benefits offered.
•Community Service – You can serve your community by assisting with the many Legion programs in support of youth, seniors, the disabled and others. The Legion also provides bursaries and scholarships to students from Secondary School to the University level and is the largest single supporter of Scouts and Guides in Canada. It is also a major supporter of sea, army and air cadets.
•Leadership – You will have the opportunity to grow within this great organization. The Legion needs members who can take on the Leadership challenge. If this is where your interest lies you can become involved by serving on the branch executive. You may even wish to go to higher levels such as zone, district or provincial. You may even aspire to the national level. Every Dominion President who has served in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.462234
Retrieved Text: Unethical behavior is one of the largest factors in poor morale in the workplace today. Coworkers and supervisors observe unethical behaviors, and then the offender loses trust and credibility. One of the biggest problems with understanding ethics is the difference of perception of right and wrong, at the core of our ethical belief system.
We grow up in an environment that creates our core value system. Add to that faith beliefs, social modeling, and life experience, and ethics becomes a moving target to understand and implement.
Improving ethics in the workplace environment is based on communication and role modeling. The first level of communication involves training, where employees are helped to understand what the core values of the organization are, why they matter, and what the behavioral expectations are. Without training and the reinforcement of modeling, most people will simply make their own decisions based on their own individual values, not necessarily in line with those of the company they work for. It is up to management to decide what the core values of the organization are, then to communicate those values to the masses, setting very clear expectations of what ethical behavior looks like, what the impact of these actions are, and what the consequences of violation are.
That's a start-it's a plan. The second step is the communication of that plan to every employee, bottom-to-top, with examples of what great behaviors look like.
The third step is to monitor and evaluate, like should be done with any behavior or policy, to make sure everyone follows the same set

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.409604
Retrieved Text: International Parking Institute (IPI) recognizes one of the largest universities in the nation for commitment to sustainability in parking and customer service.
(New Orleans – May 15, 2017) — The International Parking Institute (IPI) has named Parking & Transit Services (PTS) at Arizona State University (ASU) in Phoenix as its 2017 Parking Organization of the Year.
The annual award, presented at IPI’s 2017 Conference & Expo in New Orleans, La., May 21-24, recognizes public or private parking organizations, departments, consultants, suppliers, and commercial operators that exceed expectations and meet extremely high industry standards.
Serving more than 90,000 students and 12,000 employees at the nation’s largest public university, ASU-PTS is dedicated to providing sustainable transportation and superior customer service. Its leased parking access revenue control system (PARCS) and pay-by-phone implementations have allowed the organization to expand visitor options into previously unavailable areas on campus. In the process, the organization has earned a sought-after seat at the planning table.
ASU-PTS was one of the first non-academic units to adopt a customer relations management (CRM) tool to streamline communication while keeping correspondence transparent. It incorporated service blueprinting to visualize service processes and delivery from a customer’s point of view, modifying its permit renewal and guest reservation processes to make them seamless.
ASU-PTS is playing a major role in the university’s bold sustainability goals by promoting and facilitating a range of transportation options. Its bike program boasts four card-access bicycle parking structures, three bike valet stations, more than 6,000 registered bicyclists, and achieved a 25-percent increase in bike racks since 2014. The university’s Tempe campus

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.400469
Retrieved Text: who we are, what we do, and why we need your support.
Save the Manatee Club is an award-winning national nonprofit 501(c)(3) and membership-based organization established in 1981 by renowned singer/songwriter, Jimmy Buffett, and former U.S. Senator, Bob Graham, when he was governor of Florida.
Manatees are Florida’s official state marine mammal. They are listed as endangered at the international level by the IUCN World Conservation Union. They are listed as threatened at the federal level by the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service and at the state level by the Florida Fish & Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC). Their listing status is largely due to human activity. Since record-keeping began in 1974, more than 41% of manatee deaths where cause of death was identified were human-related – and almost 34% were due to watercraft collisions (the largest known cause of manatee deaths). With increased awareness, education, regulations, and enforcement, manatee deaths caused by humans could be substantially reduced, and the eventual recovery of the species could be realized.
Our mission is to protect manatees and their aquatic habitat for future generations.
Our objective is the recovery and protection of manatees and their aquatic ecosystems throughout the world.
Supporting the most effective conservation actions possible.
Read a 35-year retrospective of Save the Manatee Club and its manatee conservation work. All documents in pdf format.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.356857
Retrieved Text: Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Chamber of Commerce (DNCC) have been recommended for certification to the ISO 27001 information security standard, which building on the existing quality standard ISO 9001 will help protect member information, protect the business and maintain management control.
DNCC worked with Derby-based, Chamber members FPA Consulting on the project and their consultant Jo Hill said, “We have been very impressed with the level of commitment to achieving this standard which is not easy, especially with there being so many offices across the two Counties and the high level of IT within the business”.
DNCC is a membership organization with over 3,300 members covering the Counties of Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire. It is the second largest Chamber in the UK and represents organisations from most sectors with manufacturing being the largest.
DNCC operates through three main offices in Derby, Nottingham and Chesterfield as well as through a number of other sites throughout the counties and delivers services across a number of departments including, Membership, Chamber Training, International, Events, Businesswatch, Business Training, Policy, Information and Representation and Service Departments.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.346792
Retrieved Text: Charlotte is a majority-minority city.
Recruiting from a diverse pool of workers leads to a more qualified and higher-performing workforce.
As the largest black media organization in Charlotte, we’ve cultivated an audience of African American readers at every employment level. They are digital-savvy, politically engaged and socially connected.
How does it work? Walk through the process.
Reach us via email at jobspro@qcitymetro.com.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.343494
Retrieved Text: If you have cool technology at your fingertips, it does no good if you don’t know how to use it for your benefit. That’s true for any organization. A recent study by NFI Research suggests that most business leaders are not confident that their companies have a solid strategy for using social networking tools, such as Twitter, Facebook and blogs.
In an ESPN.com story earlier this month, Pat Forde revealed some of the most banal Tweets put out by college football coaches.
"Purdue enrolls the largest student body of any university in Indiana. Boiler Up!!"
Not exactly the most compelling stuff.
If you have cool technology at your fingertips, it does no good if you don’t know how to use it for your benefit. That’s true for any organization, be it a football team or corporation.
A recent study by NFI Research (www.nfiresearch.com) suggests that most business leaders are not confident that their companies have a solid strategy for using social networking tools, such as Twitter, Facebook and blogs.
The study found that two-thirds of senior executives and managers said they have a low level of confidence and 12 percent have a high level of confidence in their plans for using social media. Nearly a quarter were neutral.
Within companies, managers were less confident than executives. Three of four managers expressed low confidence in their social networking strategy, while six of 10 executives expressed low confidence.
The research also suggests that bigger companies are less able to deal with social networking than smaller outfits. Of the larger companies surveyed, 73 percent reported low confidence

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.341049
Retrieved Text: the biggest coal exploration. Coal Coal is the largest source of energy for the generation of electricity worldwide, as well as one of the largest worldwide .
After centuries of mineral exploration, the location, size and characteristics of most countries' coal resources are quite well known. What tends to vary much more than the assessed level of the resource - i.e. the potentially accessible coal in the ground - is the level classified as proved recoverable reserves.
The company is ranks third in our list of biggest oil companies in the world with a revenue of 428.62 billion dollars and a major employer of more than one million people. The company is involved in refining, production of natural gas and petrochemicals, exploration of oil fields and marketing of its products.
The Bowen Basin, a 60,000 sq km area in central Queensland, hosts Australia's biggest coal reserves and virtually all of the known mineable prime coking coal, according to the Bowen Basin Underground Geotechnical Society.
Vista could potentially be the biggest export thermal coal mine in North America. The project is spearheaded by Coalspur Mines Ltd, a coal exploration and development company with offices in both Canada and Australia.
The 10 biggest coal mines in the world - Mining … Three of the world's 10 biggest coal mines by reserve are located in the Powder River Basin in Wyoming, US, while China and Australia each contain two of the biggest.
Urban Exploration Gallery and Story of Exploring a large Closed Coal Power Plant in Ontario, Canada. At full capacity, this coal power plant

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.310537
Retrieved Text: COSTA is a proud affiliate of the Community College Association (CCA). The Community College Association, with CTA and NEA as partners, advocates for faculty, empowers locals, builds strong and effective coalitions, and fights to preserve quality education.
CCA and COSTA operate under the umbrella of the California Teachers Association. CTA was founded in 1863 as the California Educational Society by state schools superintendent John Swett with fewer than 100 members, all male. What a difference 150 years makes. With 325,000 members, CTA now is the most inclusive & most powerful voice of educators in the state.
Our voice in Washington is the National Education Association. The NEA, the nation's largest professional employee organization, is committed to advancing the cause of public education. NEA's 3 million members work at every level of education—from pre-school to university graduate programs. NEA has affiliate organizations in every state and in more than 14,000 communities across the United States.

================



======= Instance Index 10205 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 




Q: What is the capacity to cause change?

 Choices:

- energy

- temperature

- mass

- gravity

A:

Target Text: energy

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.965363
Retrieved Text: When non-profits talk about community organizing efforts, the purposes can seem vague. What does it look like to build capacity in people? How does engagement actually happen? What does system change look like, and how can it be measured?
At its January 2019 board meeting, the Steelcase Foundation awarded a three-year $294,000 grant ($102,000 for years one and two and $90,000 for year three) to the Micah Center, a broad-based organization doing work in Grand Rapids. Micah Center is adopting a power before program framework. Instead of creating issue-specific programs and then building capacity around them, Micah Center will build a strong, broad-based organization first, rooted in relationships, which will then have the capacity to address multiple issues.
What is a Broad-Based Organization?
Creates capacity for change-making by bringing together multiple mediating institutions and organizations as opposed to bringing together individuals. Mediating institutions are places where individuals go between work and home and where formation happens; places like neighborhood groups, faith communities, labor organizations, or schools.
Focuses continuously on leadership development and engaging new potential leaders.
Focuses on developing leaders and capacity in institutions whose public missions include the common good and creating stronger, more whole communities and people.
Is part of a national network of broad-based organizations with many years of experience in successful change-making, carefully and constantly honed organizing training, and ongoing access to practitioners for help with growth, guidance, and development.
Micah Center is partnering with the Southwest Industrial Areas Foundation (SWIAF) to accomplish this work. SWIAF has worked with communities to establish more than 50 broad-based organizations made up

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.650038
Retrieved Text: In the following passage, I use “heat” in its most narrow, physically precise manner: as a verb only. This is consistent with the way the science of heat - thermodynamics - views the concept.
When you heat an object, this may cause the temperature to rise. This is because the internal energy of the object has increased. This internal energy is the sum of the random kinetic and potential energies of the particles making up that object. When there is a temperature rise, the internal energy increases because the particles move faster (their kinetic energy increases) - that is they go from point to point (translate) or rotate or vibrate more.
In a solid the main mode of movement is vibration, while in a liquid the particles are free to also rotate while in a gas all three modes are undertaken but the main driver of the temperature rise is due to an increase in the translational motion of the particles. There is one other way to increase the internal energy of an object through heating and this does not cause a temperature rise. How is it we could heat something and yet not cause a temperature rise? This can be so if the internal energy rises but does not cause a change in the kinetic energy of the particles and this is possible if the heating causes only the potential energy of the particles to change. And what this means for an object is that the potential energy in the bonds changes. The bonds might be between

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.347519
Retrieved Text: In software engineering we experience variability due to a number of reasons, including policies and practices we put in place. The prominent cause of variability considered here is changing requirements and the varying levels of demand for features.
This variably is due to a number of reasons e.g. a customer gaining insights after using the software, a new opportunity in the market, a change in regulation etc. This variability is largely due to external events. Iterative and incremental development practices help reduce the impact of this variability but this does not illuminate variablility. Therefore, according to the Buffering Law, we need to buffer with some combination of inventory, capacity or time.
We cannot buffer with inventory because we don’t know what the future requirements will be. If we did we would not have variability in the first place.
A teams capacity is their ability to produce features as and when the business needs them. There are a number of options teams can use to improve their capacity e.g. process improvements (Scrum\Kanban), technological improvements (automated acceptance tests), increasing or decreasing team size (two pizza rule).
Due to the nature of software development most teams are continuously trying to catch up with a backlog of requirements. Many of these teams are continuously improving their velocity. With this in mind, it is naive to think that we can cause a huge increase capacity simply because we need to. That is like saying we only take the short cut when we are in a rush. The teams capacity is not like a tap that

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.328909
Retrieved Text: OCZ Veretx 120gb SSD / Now 130GB under SL?!!!
Discussion in 'macOS' started by Maven1975, Aug 28, 2009.
My OCZ Veretx 120gb SSD is seen by SL as 130GB! What would cause this to happen? after install, I have 121GB free.
OCZ are one of the few companies that are 'honest' about their drives. Most manufacturers market a 128GB drive but it only provides 120GB of useable space (achieved by a con in the numbers used to calculate the capacity).
Snow Leopard, appreciating the habit of manufacturers of doing his has adopted the same accounting method so they will now report 128Gb drives as having 128Gb capacity.
Hence how you seem to have magically gained space. This is also the reason why some people are reporting huge space savings with Snow Leopard. give the full install of Leopard is around 12GB, there's no way Snow Leopard could save 20GB on that, but when you factor in that drives will also report more free space because of this change in measuring, you can see where the mistake comes from.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.232681
Retrieved Text: Watershed Description: 6,039 km^2 Warta River, which drains much of western Poland.
Abstract: In order to complete a thorough and systematic assessment of water quality, it is useful to measure the absorption capacity of a river. Absorption capacity is understood as a pollution load introduced into river water that will not cause permanent and irreversible changes in the aquatic ecosystem and will not cause a change in the classification of water quality in the river profile. In order to implement the method, the Macromodel DNS/SWAT basin for the Middle Warta pilot (central Poland) was used to simulate nutrient loads. This enabled detailed analysis of water quality in each water body and the assessment of the size of the absorption capacity parameter, which allows the determination of how much pollution can be added to the river without compromising its quality class. Positive values of the calculated absorption capacity parameter mean that it is assumed that the ecosystem is adjusted in such a way that it can eliminate pollution loads through a number of self-purification processes. Negative values indicate that the load limit has been exceeded, and too much pollution has been introduced into the ecosystem for it to be able to deal with through the processes of self-purification. Absorption capacity thus enables the connection of environmental standards of water quality and water quality management plans in order to meet these standards.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.209028
Retrieved Text: Svay Rieng, 12 May 2017​–Department of Climate Change, General Secretariat of the National Council for Sustainable Development (NCSD), with support from Cambodia Climate Change Alliance (CCCA) organized a Training Workshop on Climate Change for Youths with participation over 130 youths, including 61 women to build capacity on the climate change terminology, cause and effect, impact, vulnerability at national and international levels in responding to climate change, and adaptation and mitigation options. The event is presided over by H.E. Tin Ponlok, NCSD’s Secretary General and H.E. Sum Socheath, Deputy provincial governor of Svay Rieng.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.976773
Retrieved Text: Aviation and aircraft maintenance can expect some (possible) big changes in the fall. In a positive light, aviation and aircraft capacity has tightened considerably. However, the downside to this positivism is the possibility of higher fuel prices, which could cut back traffic growth and cause older-jets with higher maintenance requirements to sit parked.
Within the last ten years, we have seen excess capacity becoming more and more consumed. It is said that pretty soon it will be hard for operators to find slots. This change will lead to an increase in MRO pricing. This is because higher prices will encourage overtime work, higher wages and investments in capacity and long-term commitments to shops. Rumor has it that this summer is delaying the capacity effect, but come fall and winter operators will struggle to find open slots.
In regards to change in fuel, Brent crude prices are pushing towards $80 per barrel. While the change is not expect to happen in the short-term, significant fuel price increases are predicted and could have high effects on costs, fares, traffic and fleets. This is due to oil being more than 30% higher than it was in 2017. Not to mention, it has doubled in costs over the past two tears.
Projections suggest that a 30% boost in oil cost, which is 17% of airline operating costs, will increase expenses by 5%, which must either come out of company profits or increased fare.
Oil prices and changes with fuel costs will be fully seen sometime in fall 2018.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.920335
Retrieved Text: The rapid rate of knowledge obsolescence in many high-technology markets makes it imperative for firms to renew their technological bases constantly. Given its critical importance, excellence in renewal of technological base would serve as a dynamic capability. Drawing on past literature, we identify this dynamic capability associated with acquiring and utilizing external technological know-how with the notion of absorptive capacity (AC). We ask the following questions: (a) What would cause some firms to have a higher AC than others? and, (b) What is the impact of AC on a firm’s profitability? We build a conceptual framework suggesting that marketing, R&D, and operations capabilities have a significant positive impact on a firm’s AC. We test our framework on a data set of firms in high-technology markets. Using an econometric technique called stochastic frontier estimation, we infer the AC of firms from an observation of the know-how they actually absorb. We find that firm-specific capabilities significantly impact AC. Also, we find that AC has a significant impact on profitability and that this impact is moderated by the pace of technological change: the greater the pace of change, the greater the impact.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.812661
Retrieved Text: There are many reasons why people fall into debt.
If you experience mental ill-health, it can affect your personal finances. Debt is also a factor that can trigger things such as anxiety or depression.
Why and how do people get into debt?
There is often a common misconception that people find themselves in debt due to living an excessive lifestyle, or going ‘wild in the aisles’ with credit cards and store cards. The truth might surprise you: unemployment and redundancy are actually the most common triggers for debt problems, and can happen to anyone, no matter what their attitude to money may be.
Whether you’ve lost your job, are suffering from poor mental or physical health or you’ve separated from your partner, changes like this can mean that you struggle to pay your household bills and debts. Having to adjust to such a financial change can be difficult, even if it’s only going to be for the short term.
How can mental health problems affect your finances?
Although people diagnosed with mental health problems such as bipolar and depression are more susceptible to debt problems, there are many reasons why mental ill-health can affect the management of your finances.
A lack of energy can make it harder to keep track of money, and rash or unwise decisions, can result in spending money on things people can’t actually afford. In more serious cases, taking time off of work may cause a sudden reduction in a person’s income and being admitted into hospital can also make it harder to keep up to date with bills.
Mental

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.735716
Retrieved Text: It’s been a full week since the grand launch of my debut book, Lead Without Followers: How to Save Our World by Radically Redefining the Meaning of Leadership.
Many reflections, lessons and blog posts will follow on what I’ve learned and how it’s all panned out.
But today, I’m really excited to tell you about my small self-funded book tour and its IndieGoGo fundraiser with a very big cause: providing 10 educational scholarships for at-risk school girls in Sierra Leone, West Africa, through an amazing nonprofit organization called One Girl.
As of last week, I had a goal of raising $3,500 on IndieGoGo for my multi-city, cross-country book tour.
However, thanks to some travel hacking and frequent flier miles, I realized that I could book most of flights from Rhode Island through Los Angeles on around $300 — leaving quite a bit left over!
What I decided was to make my book tour about something bigger than the book itself.
One Girl reverses this terrible trend by helping provide educational opportunities to young girls who can create careers and genuine change in their communities.
Remember that $3,500 fundraising goal?
Over 70% will be donated to One Girl.
That means we can provide 10 or more educational scholarships to children in Sierra Leone.
The remaining $800-$900 will help me with airfare, hotel stays and other travel costs (which I’ll share in full for the sake of transparency) as I embark upon a 10+ city book tour from the East coast to the West coast and back again.
When you donate to the cause, you get excellent perks and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.666698
Retrieved Text: LIFE Call for Proposals for Traditional Projects on Climate Change Mitigation to improve the knowledge base for the development, assessment, monitoring, evaluation and implementation of effective climate change mitigation actions and measures and to enhance the capacity to apply that knowledge in practice.
Finding financial support in agriculture.
To find great donors for your cause, please visit: https://www2.fundsforngos.org/category/agriculture-and-fish-farming/ and apply accordingly.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.631465
Retrieved Text: The following error messages are returned by Amazon ElastiCache. You may receive other error messages that are returned by ElastiCache, other AWS services, or by Memcached. For descriptions of error messages from sources other than ElastiCache, see the documentation from the source that is generating the error message.
Error Message: Cluster node quota exceeded. Each cluster can have at most %n nodes in this region.
Cause: You attempted to create or modify a cluster with the result that the cluster would have more than %n nodes.
Solution: Change your request so that the cluster does not have more than %n nodes. Or, if you need more than %n nodes, make your request using the Amazon ElastiCache Node request form.
For more information, see Amazon ElastiCache Limits in Amazon Web Services General Reference.
Error Messages: Customer node quota exceeded. You can have at most %n nodes in this region Or, You have already reached your quota of %s nodes in this region.
Cause: You attempted to create or modify a cluster with the result that your account would have more than %n nodes across all clusters in this region.
Solution: Change your request so that the total nodes in the region across all clusters for this account does not exceed %n. Or, if you need more than %n nodes, make your request using the Amazon ElastiCache Node request form.
Cause: AWS does not currently have enough available On-Demand capacity to service your request.
Wait a few minutes and then submit your request again; capacity can shift frequently.
Submit a new request with a reduced number of nodes

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.6130705
Retrieved Text: A great new Australian report on climate change has been issued in February 2015!
It’s released by the Australian Academy of Science and is a fantastic presentation – just what readers like, with photos and colourful graphs.
Earth’s climate has changed over the past century. The atmosphere and oceans have warmed, sea levels have risen, and glaciers and ice sheets have decreased in size. The best available evidence indicates that greenhouse gas emissions from human activities are the main cause. Continuing increases in greenhouse gases will produce further warming and other changes in Earth’s physical environment and ecosystems.
In the future, the impacts of climate change will intensify and interact with other stresses. If greenhouse gas emissions continue to be high, it is likely that the human-induced component of climate change will exceed the capacity of some countries to adapt.
What it doesn’t tell you are the thousands of stories that are happening and will continue to happen.
people dying because they can’t take the heat.
Building efficiently is one thing we can do. Changing our laws and our practices to focus on proper shelters that don’t need bucketloads of power to keep us comfortable, but keep us in comfortable temperatures by clever design, use of physics, and careful construction methods.
The more we think about it at Superpod®, the more we can see that the link between our comfort indoors and our earth’s survival needs to be at the front of people’s minds.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.601021
Retrieved Text: The Reluctant Good Bye is a site-specific performance in which I make ice cubes with an ice cube mold to then throw them at the Arctic sea. The piece is a desperate gesture towards the vastness of the climate crisis, a domestic approach to an unalterable outdoors. Like an anxious joke, the piece is a ridiculous attempt to restrain global warming.
What is our capacity as citizens with no apparent competence to affect such seemingly distant issues? Can we summon change from the domestic? I intend to challenge the power of small gestures with a romantic pilgrimage to the North. The Reluctant Good Bye is a constant effort towards a cause perceived as lost. With the anxiety of a widow who mourns for his lost lover, I propose a proactive grieving for the lost ice. However The Reluctant Good Bye is not about failure, it’s about hope.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.587182
Retrieved Text: In recent times, use of modern technology (e.g., mobile devices, cloud computing, big data) has made a conventional change in the Internet traffic pattern. The rise in data specially in this Big Data era, has reduced the network capacity and network scalability. To handle this traffic, complex network devices has to be implemented. The network administrator has to frequently configure the individual device when there is a small change in the traffic pattern. Since there is no centralized control mechanism in the traditional network, handling the traffic load is time consuming and reconfiguring the network devices (switches/routers) may cause variations and errors.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.493735
Retrieved Text: New version of Maros and Taro!
We’re pleased to announce the release of Maros 9.3.1 and Taro 5.3.1. The focus of this release is the ability to define bottlenecks in Maros with further debottlenecking capability, previously available in Taro.
Previously, Maros has validated the production profile of all product streams against the design capacity of each node and its respective parallel blocks. This makes sense during the design-phase where analysts are planning to design an unconstrained production system. However, during the operational-phase, design is fixed which does not give flexibility to change the capacities. To overcome this challenge, Maros is now able to run with bottlenecks defined in the system with further debottlenecking capability.
We would like to say thank you to Chevron ETC for their contribution in the development of this new feature.
A new reservoir profile is calculated where the water production has increased considerably for the next 10 years.
As the error indicates, the node capacity of 100 mbbls/Day is not sufficient to handle the newly defined flow of 125 mbbls/day. Maros will identify all nodes where the system is unable to process the production rates defined at the Flow Grid.
This will convert the error message into a warning message. The red icon indicates an error message and you cannot run the model . The yellow icon indicates a warning which will allow you to run the model but made you aware of a specific issue in the model.
The water production is bottlenecked by 80%. This is calculated by referring the Node Design Capacity for node which is

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.430837
Retrieved Text: Neurological pathology is a mainly deals with for disorders in children related to their nervous system and result from hereditary abnormalities that change the structure and capacity of nerves. The advances have incited the disclosures of inherited deformities that cause a couple of neurological maladies, including spinal strong decays and acquired neuropathies. From around the world pediatric neurologists are gathering at this pediatric pathology conference.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.424029
Retrieved Text: Choosing the Best Concealed Carry Ammunition!
When people receive their concealed carry permit, they primarily focus on choosing the right gun, the right holster, and where to carry.
Those are all crucial decisions, but the bullets you load in the magazine could be the difference between life and death.
Depending on what the situation is can be a large factor in your personal defense and concealed carry needs. Assess whether your chosen rounds could potentially cause collateral damage.
Whether you are attacked in a parking lot or a dark alley, the bullet won’t change whereas the consequences may.
One of the largest aspects to consider when choosing personal defense ammunition is the type of gun you are going to be shooting. I don’t mean the calibers are not going to match, that is obvious.
Certain rounds just do not like certain guns. Plain and simple.
Take your gun to the range with test rounds and learn what gun goes best with which brand of bullets.
Contrary to popular belief, bullets in all calibers and styles are not ‘one size fit all’.
One of the largest debates on any forum is stopping power versus capacity/reset.
The double-stack 9mm Parabellum vs a single stack .45acp is probably the largest debate out there regarding stopping power vs capacity.
There is no real definitive right answer to either argument, what I say to both is it is up to you!
As you can see, there are plenty of choices and options out there. There is not ONE bullet that works for everyone. Every gun is different and every shooter is unique.
It is

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.348131
Retrieved Text: Ki ThoughtBridge enables business leaders to be more effective in inspiring employees to accomplish their goals effectively and efficiently. We provide the consulting and coaching and tools that equip leaders with ways to deal with fast paced change and complex problems.
We provide an integrated model of leadership that teaches leaders how to build effective teams and achieve desired results that are sustainable. We provide tools for resolving conflict and for leading change that build the businesses’ capacity to deal with issues before they reach crisis level and cause costly outcomes.
The more people in an organization who can articulate and own its guiding principles and core values the stronger the culture will be. These are the organizations that will not just survive; they will thrive. Ki ThoughtBridge helps businesses articulate and disseminate what is essential and what differentiates them from their completion. We help them define and deliver what is core to their identity and brand – the makers of excellence.
Over a ten year period, Kodak’s Real Estate and Legal department’s attempts to negotiate the sale of its San Ramon distribution center had resulted in three failed agreements, and three lawsuits. Kodak decided a new approach to the negotiations was needed and hired Ki ThoughtBridge.
"KiThoughtBridge proved to be an objective and trusted intermediary by listening to everybody’s needs. The consultants’ design of a transparent, interest based process, expertise and experience in jointly training representatives of the groups involved helped bring the disparate parties together. "

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.345571
Retrieved Text: You may print this manual with the Print command in your browser.
Congratulations, you have purchased what we believe to be the finest mechanical variometer in the world. Pilots have enjoyed this fine handmade variometer for over twenty years with many of those first instruments still in use today! We hope you enjoy this variometer for many years into the future. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us.
Many variometers are damaged by Manually sucking or blowing into the ports of the variometer By far, the greatest risk period occurs between the time the variometer is received until after it is installed. During this time the temptation to blow into the instrument is seemingly irresistible. Manually sucking or blowing into the ports of the variometer is almost certain to damage the variometer. Beware of everyone.
When using the Sage variometer with a total energy probe, place one or more of the enclosed pneumatic restrictors in series between the static port on the variometer (marked "S", see #10) and the total energy probe. This is to reduce the jumpiness caused by the noisy signal generated by the total energy probe. The two hole probe is generally believed to be the best.
The capacity of the bottle should be 0.45 liter (1 US pint) and connected to the capacity port on the variometer (marked "C", see #10). The performance of the system will be modestly improved by placing a thermal heat sink into the capacity (three copper wool sponges obtainable in grocery stores. In years past these were

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.343832
Retrieved Text: Mental growth of children happens in four stages. They are also called as Piaget Stages. Child mental development stages are primarily concerned with ways in which infants and children acquire, develop, and use internal mental capabilities such as problem solving, memory and language.
The capacity to learn, remember, and symbolise information, and to solve problems, exists at a simple level in young infants, who can perform cognitive tasks such as discriminating animate and inanimate beings or recognizing small numbers of objects. During childhood, learning and information-processing increase in speed,memory becomes increasingly longer, and symbol use and the capacity for abstraction develop until a near-adult level is reached by adolescence.
Intellectual development has genetic and other biological mechanisms, as is seen in the many genetic causes of intellectual disability. Environmental factors including food and nutrition, responsiveness of parents, daily experiences, physical activity and love can influence early brain development of children. However, although it is assumed that brain functions cause cognitive events, it has not been possible to measure specific brain changes and show that they cause cognitive change. Developmental advances in cognition are also related to experience and learning, and this is particularly the case for higher-level abilities like abstraction, which depend to a considerable extent on formal education.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.327583
Retrieved Text: Giving time alongside money can be a powerful way to make your giving more rewarding. It fosters a deeper connection with the cause, detailed understanding of the challenges the organisation faces, and an opportunity to share in its achievements. For many charitable organisations, particularly smaller and underfunded organisations, the contribution of skilled volunteers is hugely valuable, and can sometimes have a greater impact than donations of money.
Giving time needn’t mean participating in an organisation’s regular volunteering programme. It could involve contributing professional legal or financial expertise; mentoring the charity’s senior staff; fundraising through your networks of contacts; or becoming a trustee.
The starting point for giving time is to consider in broad terms what you want to get out of your giving (see your objectives). This will help you assess whether you want to give time, how much you want to give, and in what capacity.
In some cases you may feel that financial support is the best way to contribute to a charity that has impressed you. However if you feel passionate about a specific social problem, you may find it rewarding to volunteer in a role which involves direct contact with the charity’s beneficiaries. Maybe you know of an organisation which is doing great work but struggling in some capacity, and you can see ways in which your skills could help them address these difficulties. Or perhaps you have spare time and would enjoy the challenge of applying your skills in a different context, while making a real difference to a cause you care about.
Before you

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.322775
Retrieved Text: Readers Question: Why is it that when there is low economic growth, unemployment rises?
A low rate of economic growth can cause higher unemployment. Though it is not always the case. During 2010-13 the UK experienced a slow rate of economic growth, but unexpectedly unemployment fell.
If there is less demand for goods, firms will produce less and so will need fewer workers.
In a recession, some firms will go bankrupt making many people redundant.
Firms will be reluctant to hire workers when there is uncertainty and negative growth.
Why can unemployment rise even with positive but a low rate of economic growth?
In many cases, we may see a rise in unemployment, even if there is positive, but low economic growth. One reason is that economic growth may be lower than improvements in productivity growth.
Suppose, an economy like the UK has a long run trend rate of 2.5%. This means productive capacity tends to rise by an average of 2.5% a year. This growth in productivity comes from improvements in technology and improvements in labour productivity. It means that firms can produce more goods and services from the same number of workers.
However, suppose that the rate of economic growth was 0.5%. This means demand in the economy is only growing by 0.5% a year. This means that supply would be increasing faster than demand. Therefore, firms may have to lay off workers because there is insufficient demand.
In the above example, we have an increase in AD but LRAS (Productive capacity) is also increasing. Therefore, there is still a negative output gap

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.301966
Retrieved Text: Battery materials ｜ Products ｜ Chemical Manufacturer, ISHIHARA SANGYO KAISHA,LTD.
By utilizing experienced technologies in titanium dioxide and functional materials businesses, ISK have developed and commercialized lithium titanate for an anode material of lithium-ion secondary batteries.
Due to slight volume change of lithium titanate stemming from insertion and extraction of Li ions, deterioration of capacity is insignificant. In addition, since charging and discharging voltage is 1.5V (vs Li/Li+), lithium titanate exhibits an advantageous characteristic that does not easily cause sub-reactions such as decomposition of electrolyte and deposition of lithium metal by rapid charging and discharging. Lithium titanate enables to design batteries with the following characteristics.
Performance at -20°C is as high as 90% of room temp. performance.
About 90% of full capacity can be retained even in 6 min.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.300004
Retrieved Text: Installing the right pallet racking system as part of your storage solution means also ensuring it delivers on employee safety. By maintaining your pallet racking system you not only deliver on employee safety but you are also protecting your investment.
Safety begins in the planning and design stage. A designer requires accurate information regarding load dimension and weights to ensure adequate load bearing capacity and to design the elevations. They also need to know what make and model of forklift is to be used as this will determine the aisle spacing between the pallet racking.
The racking must be installed as it has been designed by the supplier. Once installed it is recommended that all personnel operating within the warehouse environment are trained in safe working practices. This includes training all forklift operators to ensure they load and unload the racking the correct and safe way.
Safe work load signs should also be displayed on visible locations of the racking. The safe work load sign indicates the maximum load for each beam level and also the total bay load allowed for that bay.
The pallet racking load should be stacked centrally on the pallet, and if overhang has been permitted in the design stage, the overhang should be even on both sides.
A change to the rack configuration will cause a change in the load carrying capacity. If you have removed beams or fitted additional beams the load rating will change.
Before conducting any changes to the racking configuration, you must consult with the supplier of the pallet racking. Any changes will

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.228738
Retrieved Text: British weather permitting, I should be at the Gartner Data Center Summit in Las Vegas today. Lots of things to look forward to, not least getting myself up to speed with what Gartner and the user community see as their key issues for 2011.
I notice that one of the keynotes features a presenter from eBay. It will be good to hear how their IT is progressing as it is a few years since I had any direct contact with it. In those days their business growth was so phenomenal that they spoke of how many servers were being installed per day, not per month or quarter. It was the epitome of server sprawl. How do you ‘plan’ capacity in an environment like that? It showed me that new business challenges need new approaches, and both Metron and the industry at large have taken a broader view of capacity planning and the need to tie it closely to business strategy since then. I’ll be keen to see if virtualization has helped them cope with that sort of growth thanks to the flexibility of provisioning it offers. I also wonder if they have had to respond to the pressure to be ‘green’ with IT. Without good planning tied to business metrics, I don't see how you can adopt a green strategy in an environment as dynamic as theirs. I’d be interested to hear anyone’s thoughts on this: how do you optimize your server usage to minimize environmental impact when your business is growing at that kind of rate?
Many

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.228021
Retrieved Text: RCW 71.32.110: Determination of capacity.
(1) For the purposes of this chapter, a principal, agent, professional person, or health care provider may seek a determination whether the principal is incapacitated or has regained capacity.
(iii) Two health care providers.
(b) One of the persons making the determination under (a)(ii) or (iii) of this subsection must be a psychiatrist, physician assistant working with a supervising psychiatrist, psychologist, or a psychiatric advanced registered nurse practitioner.
(b) The principal may request that the determination be made by a court.
(4) At least one mental health professional or health care provider must personally examine the principal prior to making a capacity determination.
(5)(a) When a court makes a determination whether a principal has capacity, the court shall, at a minimum, be informed by the testimony of one mental health professional familiar with the principal and shall, except for good cause, give the principal an opportunity to appear in court prior to the court making its determination.
(b) To the extent that local court rules permit, any party or witness may testify telephonically.
(6) When a court has made a determination regarding a principal's capacity and there is a subsequent change in the principal's condition, subsequent determinations whether the principal is incapacitated may be made in accordance with any of the provisions of subsection (2) of this section.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.149482
Retrieved Text: Can a Mentally Unstable Person Legally Sign an Enforceable Last Will and/or Trust?
If you think a Will or Trust should be challenged what can you do? Where do you start? Let me help you better understand the system. New Jersey operates its court system under what are known as the “Court Rules”. In challenging a Last Will you need to know these “Court Rules”.
If a will has been probated by the Surrogate’s Court or letters testamentary or of administration, guardianship or trusteeship have been issued, any person aggrieved by that action may, upon the filing of a complaint setting forth the basis for the relief sought, obtain an order requiring the personal representative guardian or trustee to show cause why the probate should not be set aside or modified or the grant of letters of appointment vacated, provided, however, the complaint is filed within four months after probate or of the gran of letters of appointment, as the case may be, or if the aggrieved person resided outside this State at the time of the grant of probate or grant of letters, within six months thereafter.
When challenged on an appeal about mental capacity the findings made by the judge in a non-jury trial are often upheld.
(1) the gauge of testamentary capacity is whether the testator can comprehend the property he is about to dispose of; (2) the natural objects of his bounty; (3) the meaning of the business in which he is engaged; (4) the relation of each of the factors to the others, and (5)

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.143828
Retrieved Text: Parents must carefully consider their ongoing responsibility for school fees after divorce.
The cost of private secondary school fees – along with those at the primary schools that act as feeders for them – can cause complications even in intact relationships. When couples are separating or divorced, the question of who is responsible for what percentage of school fees can become significantly complex.
parents’ capacity to pay for secondary school fees may change significantly after a relationship breakdown.
Regardless of the scenario, some general principles come into play whenever disputes arise between parents about their legal obligation to contribute financially to their children’s education.
Firstly, capacity to pay is taken into account; there can obviously be significant economic and social upheavals associated with relationship breakdown. Along with the loss of the family home and, often, changes in postcode for parents and children, alterations to children’s school situations can be a major disruption for all concerned.
When parents are under one roof, school fee obligations may be almost beyond their capacity to pay, but they somehow make ends meet. Separation is often, however, the tipping point, and children’s school arrangements have to change to reflect parents’ new economic situations.
As mentioned above, numerous scenarios are possible post separation. A common scenario is that a child was destined to attend a certain school before the separation. Now one parent may be claiming that the other is refusing to honour their agreement, or is stating that they cannot afford to pay following the relationship ending.
It is important to realise that, even if a parent without

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.105401
Retrieved Text: In this series of games, your students will learn about the different types of stored or potential energy. The Kinetic Energy learning objective — based on NGSS and state standards — delivers improved student engagement and academic performance in your classroom, as demonstrated by research.
Energy is the ability to do work, which can cause a change in motion. The energy of motion is called kinetic energy, and anything that is moving — whether an electron or a galaxy — has kinetic energy.
An object’s kinetic energy (*KE*) depends on its mass (*m*) and velocity (*v*). The equation for kinetic energy is *KE = ½mv**2*, so the greater the mass and the greater the velocity, the greater the kinetic energy. The unit for energy is joules.
An object with more kinetic energy has a greater capacity to do work, causing a change in motion or doing damage. That’s why objects that are larger (greater mass) and moving vaster (greater velocity) have more capacity to do damage.
Kinetic energy exists in many different forms. For example, mechanical energy is the energy of an object moving between two places. Sound comes from vibrations transmitted by waves. Thermal energy is the vibrational energy of particles. Electrical energy is the motion of charged particles.

================



======= Instance Index 2545 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Producers are organisms that produce food for themselves and other organisms. They use energy and simple inorganic molecules to make organic compounds. The stability of producers is vital to ecosystems because all organisms need organic molecules. Producers are also called autotrophs. There are two basic types of autotrophs: photoautotrophs and chemoautotrophs.


Q: What is another name for producers?

 Choices:

- allergens

- autotrophs

- plants

- rotifers

A:

Target Text: autotrophs

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.037645
Retrieved Text: Another hat tip to Howard – who based on his Flickr stream has had his life taken over by his cats – for the lolcat Bible. You’re either going to think it’s hilarious, or in pretty poor taste, but it’s an effort to produce the bible as written in the cat language that has grown up through sites like I Can Has Cheezburger.
Apparently after faking the results of one competition, it has been revealed that producers of Blue Peter have again deceived the public with a story that their new cat, Socks, wasn’t the name that was selected in an online poll.
Socks was the name chosen for the Blue Peter cat by the programmeâ€™s producers, although insiders said that the decision was taken because the most common name selected â€“ a variant on Puss â€“ was deemed to be inappropriate.
The Sun has no problem revealing the name.
Having found out what the name actually is, I do think that you’ll find that there were a good few non-viewers who voted for that for a laugh. As to it being inappropriate, and the fact that neither the BBC online service or the broadsheets are reporting the actual name, it is ironic to consider that thirty years ago prime-time BBC comedy series Are You Being Served used the same name as the basis for a running gag… How times have changed!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.412998
Retrieved Text: What we mean by the "​​Adult Aspect"- A mature insight into the point of view of those involved with the consumption and production of adult content.
​- No drugs, alcohol or nudes in videos, we want people of all ages to be able to have access to the knowledge and insight you have to give.
- Questions can be anonymous, but vlogs and blogs can not be anonymous for credibility. Please only use stage names for yourselves.
- If talking about another person, please do not use their name unless their name is being used in positive regard.
You have to be 18 years old or older to work in any part of adult entertainment or partake in the adult industry in any way.
Your videos will be on the internet forever even if you cam.
You are considered self-employed in the adult-industry no matter how old you are or if you have an agent.
Female performers tend to be paid the more than male and trans performers, but producers make the most money.
You can refuse a shoot, but there is a kill-fee if you cancel the day-of and the producers are charged kill-fee if they cancel for any reason as well.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.805344
Retrieved Text: What’s the Difference Between Insurance Agents, Brokers and Producers?
Insurance agents, brokers and producers all play a central role in making the insurance business run effectively. It’s probably fair to say that most people, however, aren’t exactly certain what the difference between the three terms really is. What do insurance brokers do that insurance agents do not? And what do producers do that agents don’t? Following is a description of what each of these three terms mean, and why it matters.
As the name would suggest, a producer is tasked with "producing" sales for insurance agencies, and the term can broadly be used to describe any salesperson in the insurance business—including both agents and brokers. However, not all licensed insurance professionals are necessarily producers, meaning acting in a sales capacity.
Insurance producers need to be licensed by any state in which they’re going to be selling insurance. Most states require producers to pass an exam in their resident state and meet certain ethical and continuing education requirements, which will vary from state to state. As mentioned above, producers may be brokers or agents, both of which may require separate licensing, depending on the state.
A licensed agent is generally someone who sells insurance for a single insurance company. This individual is considered to be a “captive” agent, meaning he or she can only sell insurance for one insurance company, like State Farm or Allstate for example. The most important difference between a broker and an agent is that the insurance agent works for the insurance companies they sell products for.
Insurance

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.673712
Retrieved Text: Producers, a feature available for Radio Mobile Apps & Websites, is available as an Addon for all mobile plans and a built-in component for radio websites. You can purchase this Addon for mobile plans by logging in to your account and clicking Get Addons.
This article will help you edit your Producers for both your website and mobile apps.
Once Producers are activated in your subscription, a new element, named Producers, will appear in your Admin Control Panel that will allow you to view all producers, create new ones, modify their details, rearrange their order and perform various other actions.
The first view will allow you to have a complete and holistic view of all your producers. Here, you can search for specific items by typing all or part of their name in the search box, sort them in descending or ascending order, modify their status and change their order priority in your mobile apps & website.
What kind of information does a Producer include?
Visiting producers in your control panel enables you to dynamically perform changes in both your mobile apps and website.
It is conveniently separated in sections to allow you to have full control on what info you want to be displayed on each platform.
To begin with, you need to set a name for each producer. This name will not be displayed to your audience - it is intended only for internal use. An alias will automatically be generated based on the name you set; all aliases must have unique values.
The title, image, short & long description are common

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.653217
Retrieved Text: One of those songs where every time you listen to it you debate which verse is your favorite. Talib Kweli & Hi-Tek came correct with this one with some help from REAL hip hop artists Jay Electronica, J.Cole & Mos Def.
I still know Electronica’s verse word for word to this day, Just Begun was a pretty good track with Hi-Tek doing his thing as he’s always been one of the forgotten producers when people bring up top tier producers. He’s remained consistent throughout the years. Talib Kweli is another one who’s name rarely gets mentioned, Jay Electronica is always featured but never dropped an album, J.Cole is well, J.Cole and not much else to say other than he’s one of the best out right now. Mos Def (i can’t call him by his new name) will always bring it. Dope lyrics, chill track, pure hip hop.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.432686
Retrieved Text: A judge has ordered Hollywood star Leonardo DiCaprio to give a testimony in a libel case concerning The Wolf of Wall Street.
The 41-year-old Oscar winner starred in the 2013 Martin Scorsese film as Jordan Belfort, though another former Stratton Oakmont executive is suing producers over his own depiction in the movie, reported Independent online.
Andrew Greene’s name is changed to Nicky Koskoff in the movie, and he claimed that the film spread untruths about him and damaged his reputation, suing for USD 15 million.
The actor was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of Belfort, known as the titular Wolf of Wall Street.
2 Finding Dory movie review: What happened to throwing your head back and laughing?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.303415
Retrieved Text: The Producers of 'MAD MAX: FURY ROAD' Decide to Abandon Legendary 'Broken Hill' as a Location!
ABC Sydney have reported that the producers of George Miller's Mad Max: Fury Road have made the decision to abandon Broken Hill, New South Wales as a location due to the weather despite years of preperation. The Mayor of Broken Hill Wincen Cuy, has described the decision as a "tragedy", that has stripped the outback city of the $10-12 million in investments it was expecting to receive as a result of the production. Miller stated the desert remains too green for filming after extended rain that forced the shoot to be already postponed for 12 months Hit the jump for the details.
ABC Sydney: "Local council announced the decision today saying the production company behind the movie, Kennedy Miller Mitchell (KMM), felt recent heavy rains had ruined the arid landscape the film required.The Mayor of the Broken Hill City Council, Wincen Cuy, told ABC Broken Hill he is disappointed by the decision, but concedes nothing can be done to change the outcome."This decision hasn't been taken lightly by KMM... but nature's caused it, nothing else has caused it apart from nature."
"What we've lost is to associate our name to it and any marketing.'' stated the Mayor but he also saw the irony in the fact that the rain the town had prayed for is what did them in. ''One man's medicine is another man's poison, but Broken Hill's had a film industry for 30 years and it will continue.'' The production company

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.122076
Retrieved Text: Paddy O'Malley has created quite a name for himself among club calf producers and purebred breeders. As a standout in Denver, this Irish Whiskey son is extremely stout and powerful with extra muscle mass. Look to Paddy O'Malley for Irish Whiskey genetics in an affordable , eye appealing package. Ladies and Gentlemen, this is not just another bull . . . this is Paddy O'Malley.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.104193
Retrieved Text: Starting with this one because it means a lot to me. Reminds of great times and my two best friends! Listen to the lyrics! It’s also part of where I got the artist name from.
Another one that means a lot to me. Not trying to get too sentimental though, this is one of the best underground Dance Music tracks in the past years.
The track that got me familiar with the term Deep and got me hooked on House. It’s just one of the best productions I’ve ever heard in any genre.
The track that showed me what really creative editing can do. Probably the track I played most in the past two years. Also the mood and message are pure pleasure, perfect for warming up before a night out.
The definition of Deep to me. The whole Raw Cuts series is great and this finale superb!
One of the realest House producers out there! This remix is one of his best work. Love the line, could listen to it on repeat forever!
Slow, hypnotic and teasing! My favorite from one of the producers I look up to most!
In my opinion, the best Disco production of all time.
Second best. Been a fan of Michael’s since I was 5 I think… Doing the MJ dances at home to this on cassette. I remember it like it was yesterday! And Quincy Jones is a monster!
I love Hip-Hop, it’s been the soundtrack to my maturing process. MF Doom is my favorite rapper and this track is the perfect example of his style. Not caring

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.085922
Retrieved Text: At the end of last year I took some friends to visit the Cambridge Union, an institution that has been dedicated to free debate for 200 years. The occasion: the new President of Ghana, His Excellency Nana Akufo-Addo, was speaking. So, why am I mentioning this now? Because yesterday Pamela Anyoti, founder of Asante Mama - one of Storimarket’s producers - sent me a video of another of Akufo-Addo’s speeches. This time alongside the President Macron of France who was visiting Ghana.
The locations could not be more different, but the theme was the same: what does Africa have to do in the next 60 years to make sure they are not like its last. Whilst appreciative of the support the West has offered to numerous African nations over the last 60 years, Akufo-Addo argues that Africa cannot ‘make policy on the basis of Western support…but needs to chart a path of our own’. So what is this path?
For Akufo-Addo, this path lies in resources: both human and natural. Vast arable land. A young workforce. Minerals and precious metals. However, to date, Africa has been the continent of resource extraction, not realising the full value of their land, and what lies within it. That’s why the Ghanaian President spoke of the importance of investing in manufacturing in Africa and the importance of fair trade policies to allow these goods to enter Europe and other affluent markets.
That’s exactly what Pamela at Asante Mama is doing. Working with smallholder farmers and Asante Mama’s own farm on the shores of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.840183
Retrieved Text: Sorry, haven’t located a transcript and don’t have the spoons right now myself, but the website lays out the arguments pretty clearly.
For people who can’t see the still from the video, the point is that Sam is a woman and Steve is a man. (She’s introduced as “Samantha” but only in the audio, not in the text.) I had to click through from my feed reader to find this out!
I am not sure why the producers elected to have a man with a male gendered name contrasted with a woman with a gender ambiguous name, it seems like an odd choice when contrasting what are intended to be archetypes of pay disparity.
Maybe they expected the reader to initially assume Sam was another man, wonder about the pay difference, and follow the feed until realising she was a woman. Hopefully coming away with an increased awareness of the illogic of the disparity.
But I’m not confident that would work, or rather that it would work more times than the people who feel misled and come away with a decreased getting of the point.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.803012
Retrieved Text: Q-1- What is agriculture ?
Ans. The art and science of cultivating soil, raising crops and rearing livestock including animal husbandry and forestry.
Q.2. Name any two farming system (agriculture type) which are practised in India.
Q.3. Name any four agricultural products exported by India.
Ans. It is a type of agriculture / farming which is practised on small patches of land with the help of primitive tools like hoe, doa, digging sticks and family / community labour.
Q.5. What is slash and bum agriculture ?
Ans. Under slash and bum agriculture, farmers clear a patch of land and produce cereals and other food crops to sustain their family.
Q.6. Which type of agriculture is practised on small patches of land with the help of primitive tools ?
Q.7. What is intensive subsistence farming ?
Q.8. Name any two states where commercial farming is practised.
Q.9. Mention any four plantation crops produced in India.
Ans. Tea, coffee, rubber and sugarcane.
Q.10. Mention any two factors which play an important role in the development of plantations.
Ans. (i) Developed network of transport and communication connecting the plantation areas.
Q.11. Name the cropping seasons of India with examples.
Q.12. What are rabi crops ? Give four examples.
Ans. The crops which are grown in winter from October to December and harvested in summer from April to June. Wheat, barley, peas, gram are some examples of rabi crops.
Ans. Kharif season starts with the onset of the monsoon i.e., June-July and continues till the beginning of winter i.e., October-November. For example, rice, millets etc.
Q.14. What are zaid crops ?
Ans. These are crops which are sown between

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.726274
Retrieved Text: What would happen if the Factory tried its hand at strikebreaking?
The issue here is that the Factory as a GoI is just a name for a that links several anomalies - as far as I am aware, it's just a name, one probably derived from their ability to mass-produce anomalies.
There may not be an actual factory, or factory workers, involved.
For capitalist GoIs, look no further than Marshall, Carter and Dark. Why and how they're operating a factory is another question.
As for that concept, anomalous strikebreaking is not one I've heard before. An anomalous Mohawk Valley formula would definitely be an interesting read.
I can see this working better as a tale, but an SCP for the process (maybe as anomalous strikebreaking tactics in actual, real-world, strikes) could also work.
All are producers and consumers and all will be standardized in order to maximize profit. There is no escape from the superiority of Darwinism and the weak will be trodden underfoot for the sake of progress.
Yeah, it was the some of the comments on 748 that gave me the initial inspiration! I'm not sure I want to tie this article in too much, save for maybe a comment about the Foundation recognising similarities between details and such.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.71042
Retrieved Text: This prestigious annual event will take place in London on Wednesday February 16th 2017 and will be presented by Absolute Radio DJ Christian O’Connell.
As in previous years, this part of the Music Producers Guild Awards process is open to everyone. There are 13 categories where anyone can submit a name. Recording professionals, managers and studio owners who would like to be considered are strongly recommended to get on line at http://www.mpg.org.uk/mpg-awards/submissions-2017/ and submit their own or their client’s names, rather than relying on other people to do it for them.
Now in its ninth year, the Music Producers Guild Awards recognises the enormous contribution made to the international music industry by the UK’s top producers, engineers, remixers and mastering engineers. Previous award winners have included Sir George Martin CBE, Youth, Paul Epworth, FKA Twigs, Brian Eno, Catherine Marks, Trevor Horn and Dave Stewart.
The 2017 Music Producers Guild Awards will take place on February 16th, 2017, at the prestigious Grosvenor House, Park Lane, London. Award-winning Absolute Radio DJ and Stand Up comic Christian O’Connell will be the presenter and once again the headline sponsor will be Prism Sound, who manufacturer specialist equipment for the pro audio and broadcast industries. Other key sponsors include PPL, Shure and the BRITS, which respectively support the Outstanding Contribution, Single of the Year and Producer of the Year awards (the winner of the latter automatically receives a BRIT for Best Producer).
This year there are some changes to the Awards categories: the awards for Innovation and Inspiration have been combined into one gong for

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.693427
Retrieved Text: The American Psychological Association, or APA, style guide shows how to cite resources in a college paper or other report. The APA format allows people reading your report to check your sources. To cite a movie with multiple producers in APA style, you need to know the production information for the film.
Check the movie credits to find the name of the producers and director of the movie. If you do not have the movie handy, you can use an online database (see Resources).
Check the movie's information to find the year of release, country of origin and the studio that released the movie.
Cite the movie using parenthetical references in the text using the following format: (Last Name of Producer, Last Name of Producer & Last Name of Director, Year of Release).
For example, "... (Smith, Tavers & Kortes, 2001)."
Use the following format to cite movies with multiple producers in your bibliography: Producer Last Name, Producer First Initial, Producer Last Name, Producer First Initial (Producers), & Director Last Name, Director First Initial (Director). (Year). Title of motion picture (in italics) [Motion picture]. Country of origin: Production Studio.
For example: Smith, J. , & Tavers, M. (Producers), Kortes, K. (Director). (2001).
(indent) Learning to Fly (Italics) [Motion Picture]. United States: Dreamers Studio.
Indent the second and subsequent lines of the citation five spaces if the citation exceeds one line in length.
Kennan, Mark. "How to Cite a Movie With Multiple Producers in APA." , https://penandthepad.com/cite-movie-multiple-producers-apa-2704.html. Accessed 18 April 2019.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.680635
Retrieved Text: Instrumental Beats: Top 5 sites to find music for your next music project!
Type in “Instrumental Beats” on Google and you’ll get approximately 450.000 results. The internet is swamped with online producers who make beats and sell it from their websites. And I get it!
It’s super easy to create music these days and put it on a website. Social media makes it possible for producers to reach out to 10.000’s of artists without having to spend a dollar on advertising. Imagine the number of people they can reach out to when they throw in a couple bucks for advertising.
The struggle of spending hours on that ‘vibe-killing’ search for the perfect beat. Having to go over 200 instrumentals before finding one they actually like and is of good quality.
With the enormous growth of online producers, came an enormous growth of low-quality, not inspiring and boring new instrumental beats.
After doing some research among a few hundred of my email subscribers and followers, I put together a list of the most popular websites to find instrumental beats. Whether you’re a new artist or have already spent years on the web looking for instrumentals for your music projects.
These are the most popular websites where producers hang out in 2017 and where you are most likely to find what you’re looking for.
To speed up the process of finding quality music, I’ve also included some helpful filtering tips for some platforms.
Of course, Google will give you 100.000’s of search results, but this will also include blog posts, video’s from YouTube or outdated forum

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.642255
Retrieved Text: The introduction of Zinfandel to the United States has recently been proven to take place in the 1820’s when Long Island grape grower George Gibbs brought this variety to his nursery from the Schönbrunn imperial collection in Vienna, Austria. At the time of its introduction to the United States, it was an unnamed grape variety, but by 1829 it appeared in the catalog of another Long Island nursery under the name “Zinfardel” and was later referred to under several variations of that original name until 1860, when it was agreed that the variety should be officially called “Zinfandel”.
3. In Search of Truth: Are Primitivo and Zinfandel One and The Same?
In 1967 a plant pathologist from the US Department of Agriculture visited Bari, in Italy’s Puglia region, and he was struck by the similarities between Zinfandel and Italy’s Primitivo wines and grapevines, so much so that he brought Primitivo cuttings to the University of California at Davis for them to be analyzed and compared to Zinfandel. In 1975 Wade Wolfe, a PhD candidate at Davis, established that Primitivo and Zinfandel were one and the same variety.
This immediately prompted the “battle over Zinfandel“, with several Primitivo producers from Puglia who started selling their wines in the United States labeling them “Zinfandel”. This practice triggered a reaction by most Californian Zinfandel producers to defend their investment in the variety and resulted in a 1985 ruling by the US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (“BATF”) that Zinfandel could not be used as a synonym of Primitivo.
Nonetheless, the identity between

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.62929
Retrieved Text: Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder are adoptive parents as of last week–to a kitten. The Twilight actress and the Vampire Diaries actor are excited about their ‘fur baby.’ Ian Somerhalder is, of course, a big animal rights advocate. He created the Ian Somerhalder Foundation for exactly that purpose.
Nikki Reed shared a photo of their new kitten via her Instagram account.
Went to the animal shelter today to give some love to the babies living in cages who don't have homes and ended up adopting this little girl! What should we name her?
Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder recently made news regarding his ex, Nina Dobrev. Supposedly Nina was very uncomfortable when Nikki Reed came on to the Vampire Diaries set to visit Ian. In fact, Hollywood Life reports that Nikki was banned from visiting Ian on set because of it. It seems producers fear Nina Dobrev will quit Vampire Diaries if Nikki Reed continues to visit Ian Somerhalder there.
“Ian and Nikki’s relationship is causing a lot of drama, to the point where the producers have asked Ian not to bring Nikki to set when Nina is there because they are very worried about losing her. They worry that the show would fall apart without her,” a source says.
Despite that ridiculousness, Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed seem quite comfortable in their fairly young relationship. The adoption of their new fur baby is a sure sign of some kind of commitment–at least to the kitten. Do you think they’ve made commitments to one another as well?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.619271
Retrieved Text: KayKiSpeaks.com: Preview Usher's "Lookin 4 Myself" Before It Drops June 12th!
Preview Usher's "Lookin 4 Myself" Before It Drops June 12th!
Usherbaby is back with another album hoping to contiue his reign as one of the hottest male artists doing it. Though his name has been in the media lately for the very public and very telling custody battle between he and ex wife Tameka, he is still gearing to release his next studio album, Looking 4 Myself.
This time around he's working with a few familiar names, Rico Love (There Goes My Baby, Daddys Home, ..) again, Pharrell!!!!, & GOOOOOOOO!!! MUSIC producers Pop, Toro, & Flippa ( Marvin Gaye & Chardonnay, Right By My Side,..) , so you know he has some hits on it.
His first release Climax has slowly taken over airwaves and reminded us of what we love most about him- that falsetto!
Check out this snippet below & get ready.. the album is just one week away!!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.601998
Retrieved Text: If you want to chipper knives for your wood chipping machines, it is essential to consider a number of factors to get it right. Among them is kind of chipper knives manufacturers manufacturer that you are buying from. However, this is one of the areas where many people get it wrong. Either out of knowledge or sheer ignorance, some people just go into the market pick anything that they come across. That is wrong. You need to know the kind of chipper knives manufacturer you are dealing with.
The manufacturer of chipper knives influences a number of factors including the quality of the tools. There are three main types of manufacturers that you can choose from.
As the name suggests, the original manufacturer is the company or factory that produced the wood chipper machine you are using. In short, it is the brand of the machine you are using. For instance, if you are using a Doppstadt wood chipper, then Doppstadt is the original manufacturer in this case. These producers also provide replacement wear parts for their machines. Original producers are the most recommended since they are known for the quality of their tools. Also, the fact that they are the original designer of their parts means they will provide only the best for their customers. They are the first choice for most buyers. However, they are a little bit expensive.
If you want to get the same quality as the original tools but from a different manufacturer, then OEM chipper knives would be a perfect option. These are

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.601371
Retrieved Text: What Are You Doing to Ensure the Success of Your Agency's Producers? - Joyner & Burnette, P.C.
What Are You Doing to Ensure the Success of Your Agency’s Producers?
Last week I wrote about the need for an agency to have a perpetuation plan and what goes into creating such a plan. For those agency owners who want to pass on their agency to family members or other employees, it is important to have both a healthy agency operation and able buyers. These two ingredients go together in that a healthy agency operation means its producers are growing their books of business and by doing so they become more financially able to buyout the agency owner.
A recent article in the IA newsletter discussed 11 reasons why producers fail to achieve success in growing their books of business. By doing what they can to help their producers avoid these reasons, an agency owner can go a long way toward ensuring their agency’s healthy operation. The reasons involve failures on the part of the producer (not asking for help, not learning the people side of the business, all talk, no action), as well as the agency management (no training program, not connecting the producer with other staff that could help, not using readily available referral sources). Perhaps the most interesting point made in this article was that studies have suggested that prospects are not generally ready to buy from a salesperson until at least five prior contacts have been made and maybe as many as 10 or 12. So it

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.4345455
Retrieved Text: Performed by Roger Bart, Shuler Hensley, Cory English, Brad Oscar, Beth Curry, Joanna Glushak, Anne Horak.
Toronto’s Princess of Wales Theatre has been transformed into Transylvania for the next month, with the Broadway tour of Young Frankenstein rolling into town. While it hasn’t earned the same accolades as The Producers, Young Frankenstein is still classic Mel Brooks with many laughs.
Brooks had a hit back in 1968 with the movie The Producers, which he followed with two more movie hits, Blazing Saddles and Young Frankenstein, both in 1974. In Young Frankenstein, Brooks satirized scenes from the old black & white Frankenstein movies of the 1930s and 40s. He created parodies of several scenes familiar to fans of the old horror movies.
In 2001 he converted The Producers into a Broadway Musical and won a record-breaking 12 Tony awards. Following the success of The Producers, he wrote music for Young Frankenstein and opened it on Broadway in 2007. Even if Young Frankenstein hasn’t been as popular as The Producers, it is still one corny laugh after another and a whole lot of fun.
Fortunately, Broadway star Roger Bart has gone on this tour, because he’s what makes the show so much fun. Bart was Carmen Ghia in The Producers and won a Tony for his portrayal of Snoopy in You’re a Good Man, Charlie Brown. He is recognizable from a brief role on Desperate Housewives – he was the pharmacist who killed Bree’s first husband.
Bart has excellent comedic timing and his style is reminiscent of Johnny Wayne of Wayne & Schuster

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.429866
Retrieved Text: List of notable or famous record producers from Germany, with bios and photos, including the top record producers born in Germany and even some popular record producers who immigrated to Germany. If you're trying to find out the names of famous German record producers then this list is the perfect resource for you. These record producers are among the most prominent in their field, and information about each well-known record producer from Germany is included when available.
The list you're viewing has a variety of people in it, like Paul van Dyk and ATB.
This historic record producers from Germany list can help answer the questions "Who are some German record producers of note?" and "Who are the most famous record producers from Germany?" These prominent record producers of Germany may or may not be currently alive, but what they all have in common is that they're all respected German record producers.
Adrian Rodriguez is a trance producer and DJ from Nordrhein-Westfalen Germany who debuted in 1994, pairing with Sash! to create hits such as "Ecuador" and "Adelante".
Alex Geringas is a record producer, songwriter and composer based in Los Angeles, USA.
Azzido Da Bass is a German DJ and record producer based in Hamburg, Germany.
C. C. Catch is a Dutch-born German pop singer, best known for her collaboration with Dieter Bohlen in the 1980s.
Charlie Bauerfeind is a German sound engineer and producer who has worked mostly with power metal bands such as Angra, Blind Guardian, Helloween, Primal Fear, Rage, HammerFall and Saxon.
Danny Bokelmann, better known under his stage name D-Bo,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.412203
Retrieved Text: PRODUCERS PIANO 101 USER REVIEWS | Is it SCAM or LEGIT?
Hello Dear Producers Piano 101 Review Searcher; Are you still seeking Producers Piano 101 Review. If your answers is yes. You are at the ultimate page. Are you tired of monotonous pattern of doing your work then there is a relief for you. If you are working hard but not getting expected result then just try Producers Piano 101. It will help you to achieve just what you want and that too by giving much lesser effort then what you are giving now.
Producers Piano 101 comes with an easy to understand language .thus it makes it easier for one to understand the details of the content. It also provides a guide to conduct a practical survey of the users in order to check their level of satisfaction. We also give two other complimentary products along with Producers Piano 101. The issues faced by the youngsters of the scientific and practical approach of Producers Piano 101.
Producers Piano 101 comes with two more related products which further helps in the usage of Producers Piano 101. The language used in the product is very lucid and easy to understand .the way of presentation of Producers Piano 101 is so precise and information that one can easily grasp the points as required by them. Thus by using Producers Piano 101 one can achieve what they longed for and hence bring happiness in their life. Therefore Producers Piano 101 is an intelligent choice amongst the young generations. So without delay get

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.367205
Retrieved Text: I am one of those people who has been self taught in a lot of skills I have. I want to share my top 5 choices for music production tutorials from my favorite blog pages and sites. You can also see my Top 5 Youtube Channels for music production.
This is my go to site for music production for it is one of the most elaborate consolidation of information and lessons I have found. They possess countless sample packs, instrument patches, and video lessons with a membership of $20 per month. But you can try out their 7-Day Free Trial . Their materials cover Ableton Live, FL Studio, NI Massive, Xfer Serum, and much more.
This blog was started by a guy from New Zealand by the name of Sam Malta and it a great not just for its technical information but also with methods of creativity or solutions for writer’s block. The blog includes podcasts, techniques for general audio production, and an ebook on Workflow and Creativity available.
This is another prime choice. “By musicians, DJs and producers for other musicians, DJs and producers.” and it is just that. This site too has tutorials that are free or for sale. Sign up for free at Sonic Academy.
Now this is in a forum format, so you will have to do some digging. But you will find plenty of discussions and insight that may be just what you are looking for.
Reddit has been a long time social media community where many have mined countless information and content out of it.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.366831
Retrieved Text: Pratani Ramakrishna Goud aka Rk Goud, the Telugu Producers Council’s outgoing chairman, has made serious allegations on Tollywood ace producers-distributors Suresh Babu and Allu Aravind. He accused the two producers for his removal from the post though he has another year of service term.
Going deep into the details, Rk Goud in the press meet held in Film Chamber Today said “I’ve been fighting against Qubes, UFO, PXD for the past seven months as they were a huge burden for small producers. As Suresh Babu is a business partner in UFO whereas Allu Aravind invested in Qubes. Since they have their own business interests, they both provoked Vijayender Reddy to get me expelled”. Mr.Rk Goud also told that he has already sent notices to the concerned parties through court declaring the recent election of Producers Council as illegal. We have to wait and see what Suresh Babu and Allu Aravind have to say about this.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.358739
Retrieved Text: Noticed that a particular user is adding IMDb links on their submissions - RELEASES. IMDb site describes movie, not physical release, and should be placed on FILM page.
What is the purpose for the LINK field in RELEASE submission form?
More movie info, concerning Actors, Directors, Producers.
That's why i'm putting the IMDB link there. No one makes any complaints about it.
Have you checked a FILM page for a particular movie?
The FILM page has fields for Actors, Directors, Producers and external links to sites such as IMDb - which describes the film itself.
I think I would agree that the imdb link makes more sense on the film, films on here match more directly to films on imdb than do releases.
@LuckyLester: I (and EK_ I think) are not saying imdb links don't belong on here, but that they belong on the film and not the relase. For example the imdb link on this 12 Angry Men release makes more sense on the 12 Angry Men film that then links all the releases of that movie.
I suppose in general it has less purpose on there than on other types. You can imagine specific releases or boxsets that have webpages that you'd want to link to maybe? But it was added to all doctypes as a first step.
OK. I guess you're right. But i will put a IMDB link on the films. I don't want to type in every name of every actor and director in that section. That's why the IMDB link. I will stop putting a link of IMDB on

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.30386
Retrieved Text: The EU’s new protection of the name and image of Prosecco is starting to pay off as ‘Rosecco’ bottles were seized.
The Consorzio per la Tutela del Conegliano Valdobbiadene Prosecco Superiore was pleased to learn that 14,400 bottles of ‘Rosecco’, destined for Marks & Spencer in the UK were seized by the Italian government.
The new EU legislation, which came into force on 1August 2009, states clearly that Prosecco is now exclusively the name of a DOC and DOCG wine and no longer the name of a grape variety.
Vettorello added: “The Consorzio is also aware of another illegal brand currently available in the UK, Prosecco Capriolo. Under the new regulations Prosecco Capriolo, produced in Germany and available in Tesco, is no longer able to use the name Prosecco due to its geographical location and its lack of alcohol.
Producers making ‘Prosecco’ from outside the DOCG and DOC region will have to use the new grape name Glera (an ancestor of the Prosecco grape) on their labels instead of Prosecco.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.300888
Retrieved Text: The next James Bond movie is in desperate need of a director. Danny Boyle left the production last month following a rumored conflict with Daniel Craig over casting, but luckily, it looks like a couple of potential candidates may have just entered the running. While no decisions have been made and more potential directors could be met with, it's being reported that Eon Productions and MGM are currently working to set up meetings with American Animals director Bart Layton, as well as S.J. Clarkson, who is set to direct the next Star Trek movie.
According to Variety, meetings with both directors are currently being worked out, so clearly nothing is set in stone yet. However, with the next James Bond film set to release in November of 2019, producers will need to make a directing choice soon if they want to avoid delaying production. Bart Layton entered the conversation on the strength of his recent heist movie American Animals, which came out last month. S.J. Clarkson, on the other hand, has become a high profile name simply by signing on to become the first woman to direct a movie in the Star Trek franchise, which in turn could make her the first woman to direct a movie in the James Bond franchise.
While these names are new, another name that has been hanging around for a while has popped up once again. Yann Demange was under consideration for the Bond 25 directing gig before Danny Boyle was originally chosen to take the job, now that Boyle has left

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.244415
Retrieved Text: If you’ve ever watched the Real Housewives you know, there’s no shortage of drama. There’s never been a season that hasn’t involved broken glass, ended friendships, and shocking revelations.
The drama is that good. And frankly, we can’t get enough!
🚨🚨 What the Bride says, goes! 🚨🚨 Don't miss a new episode of #RHONJ TONIGHT @ 9/8c.
But with so much drama season after season, many fans wonder: How much of it is real?
While some believe the drama on the Real Housewives is all scripted – it really isn’t. Instead, producers utilize a few tricks of the trade to maximize drama.
No cameras in the closet! 🙅‍♀️🙅‍♂️ Tune in SUNDAY for a new episode of #RHOA @ 8/7c!
Giving each of the Housewives a different call time is one of the many tricks of the trade producers use to maximize drama. This will naturally create drama because one or more of the Housewives will always seem late which will mostly like piss someone off. On the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, Teddi Mellencamp and Dorit Kemsley got into a HUGE squabble over when they were supposed to meet for drinks. Teddi insisted Dorit was 45 minutes late, while Dorit swore she was only 20 minutes late.
While this may have been a simple miscommunication, it also could have been the producers scheming behind the scenes.
Get ready, friends: the #RHONJ Reunion is about to begin! Hit us with your predictions for what goes down and tune in TONIGHT @ 9/8c!
More often than not Housewives will suddenly become super pissed off at one or

================



======= Instance Index 1111 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

All plants are adapted to live on land. Or are they? All living plants today have terrestrial ancestors, but some plants now live in the water. They have had to evolve new adaptations for their watery habitat.


Q: Where do all plants come from?

 Choices:

- distant ancestors

- terrestrial ancestors

- cetacean ancestors

- phylogenetic ancestors

A:

Target Text: terrestrial ancestors

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.11223
Retrieved Text: Why do you love plants so much? Well! I love you too. But I help you so much, these plants don't. They too do a lot for me. I have never seen them do anything, they can't even move. We all depend on plants directly as well as indirectly. Of course not, they depend on us for water, manure etc. We depend on plants for a lot more. Like? Okay! What do we need most to live? Umm... Air to breathe. Oxygen to be precise. Yes! Plants give out oxygen in air. Aaa.. sorry I did not get it. I will explain this to you. Go on.. During photosynthesis. Yes! That's the process, which plants use to make food. Very Good! I've learnt it on makemegenius.com. During photosynthesis carbon dioxide defuses into the leaves through pores and then enters the cell. In the cell it defuses into the chloroplast where it makes oxygen and sugar in presence of light. Also, thus plants gives us the necessary oxygen to breathe and remove the carbon dioxide from air. Okay! That's the point I give to plants what else? What do you eat? Cereals, veggies, fruits. Cereals are our main food. Plants gives us cereals. Examples? Examples of cereals are rice, jowar, bajra, barley, maize. Do popcorn also come from plants? Popcorn comes from corn, when it is heated. Corn comes from the maize plant. This is news to me! Some plants give us pulses like dry beans, pinto beans, kidney beans and navy beans, dry peas, lentils, and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.982178
Retrieved Text: Do all plants have leaves? – Idiot’s Questions?
Was there ever a planet named Vulcan, as in the Star Trek series?
Where did the bearded figure Uncle Sam come from?
Why did dinosaurs become extinct?
Do all plants have leaves?
Most plants have leaves, even if they do not look like leaves. For example, blades of grass are really leaves. Mushrooms and other fungi do not have leaves, and seaweeds and lichens do not have leaves. Seaweed, a type of algae, also does not have flowers or roots. As an underwater plant, it usually clings to stones, shells, and rocks with its holdfast, a part of the plant that looks like roots. Unlike other plants that feed through their roots, seaweed takes its nutrients from the water in which it grows.
Previous Previous post: Why is natural ability called “talent”?
Next Next post: Why do zits always form in the middle of the forehead?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.742865
Retrieved Text: HomeA strange sight on my patio.
A strange sight on my patio.
This morning I noticed some basil plants growing among the weeds across the pavement on my patio.
Where did these plants come from? From the balcony above where I have other basil plants growing in flowerpots. They had flowered and dropped their seeds onto the patio below.
I really found this observation interesting. There’s just enough dirt on the pavement for the seeds to sprout and they certainly get plenty of leftover water that flows from the balcony when I water my plants each morning.
Now I’m left wondering what to do with these extra plants. I’ll likely get some more flowerpots or maybe I’ll just plant them in the ground out of the way so I can clear off the pavement of all the weeds growing there. Either way I won’t be running out of fresh basil anytime soon.
← The Prejudice Of Others Conspired.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.707933
Retrieved Text: What did you eat at home today? Find out what your friend ate today. Did you eat the same kind of food yesterday and today? We all eat different kinds of food at different times, isn’t it? 1.1 FOOD VARIETY Activity 1 Ask your friends in the school about the items they would be eating during a day. See if you can also get this information from friends staying in different states of India. List all the items in your notebook as given in Table 1.1, for as many friends as possible. Table 1.1 What do we eat? Name of the Food items student/friend eaten in a day There seems to be so much variety in the food that we eat. What are these food items made of? Think about rice cooked at home. We take raw rice and boil it in water. Just two materials or ingredients are needed to prepare a dish of boiled rice. On the other hand, some food items are made with many ingredients. To prepare vegetable curry, we need different kinds of vegetables, salt, spices, oil and so on. Activity 2 Choose some of the items you listed in Table 1.1 and try to find out what ingredients are used to prepare these, by discussing with your friends and elders at home. List them in Table 1.2. Some examples are given here. Add some more items to this list. Table 1.2 Food items and their ingredients Food Item Ingredients Roti/chapati Atta, water Dal Pulses, water, salt, oil/ ghee, spices What

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.610704
Retrieved Text: have to do with my Classroom?
Good Question. And the answers will unfold as you experience the Global-Garden Expedition.
First of all Gardening has to do with the production of food and seeds. Starts with Soil. Where does it come from and how do you keep the soil so it will provide the food plants need to grow? Seeds. Where do seeds come from (yes, they come from plants, but how do farmers and gardeners get all the many seeds they need?).
But it also has to do with the management of soil and water. A very important issue that will be in your studies throughout the Expedition. Water, who owns it and how does it get shared. You have to have water to grow food to feed people.
Beyond that is the magic and the mythology of gardening. Many Native American Tribes know the art of Weather Making. We'll study weather in the Global-Garden Expedition.
Gardening also has to do with Sustainability. Garden Sustainability (which means making a garden that will be there next year), Community Sustainability, Regional Sustainability, each is connected to the others.
The ability to grow food has a lot to do with a community or tribes sustainability. We will study Sustainable Communities and their gardens as we journey through the Global-Garden Expedition.
In the Classroom the Global-Garden projects gives you the chance to explore the writing and poetry that gardens have inspired. The history of the Global-Garden is an exploration into the history of civilization.
Science is at the heart of the Global-Garden project. From the beginning, as we

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.438797
Retrieved Text: Q: What’s the difference between farmland and greenhouse?
You can choose where you would like to grow fruit plants, when you start gardening. If you choose a greenhouse, you'll grow plants, which require higher temperature. Plants that are grown on farmland don't need special climate.
Q: How to grow fruit plants for cooking?
1. Steal the seeds from the "greenhouse" that you'd like to grow.
2. Sow these seeds on the "fruit garden".
3. Water the plants in order to avoid their moisture level going down to 0.
4. Then wait 96 hours, till the plants become mellow.
5. Finally cut the mellow plants and you'll get gardening points.
Q: How to raise herbs for herbalist skill?
2. Sow these seeds on the "herb garden".
3. Then wait 2 hours, till the herbs are mellow.
4. Finally transport the mellow herbs and you'll get gardening points.
Q: How many gardening points will I get from one plant/herb?
Q: How does the automatic watering work?
If you've purchased an automatic watering system, you can add that to the chosen plants. Plants with automatic watering won't lose any moisture. (For example: when plant's moisture is 33 and you'll add an automatic watering on it, then the moisture will stay as 33). You can purchase more automatic watering systems after every ten gardening levels.
Q: How will the varmints come and what do they do?
Varmints may come up every time you water plants yourself, although they won't come when using automatic watering or using credit to water your plants. If varmints have been discovered on your fruit plants garden, then there's a constant threat

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.315218
Retrieved Text: The amazing facts in this lesson are vital for reversing climate change, yet you will not see climate change mentioned in this lesson for third, fourth and fifth graders. In middle school and beyond it makes sense to talk about practical applications of this science that will decrease carbon in the atmosphere. But, if the listeners are younger than about 12 years old, put those concerns aside for now. Instead, aim to inspire wonder and build a deep understanding of the power of plants. Come back to this lesson frequently, so that by the time the children are in middle school and you ask how excess carbon could possibly be removed from our atmosphere, they will have such a deep understanding of the function of plant life that they will come up with their own ideas regarding how we can use plants to help solve the climate crisis. Build this understanding in children today so that they will be innovators tomorrow.
You could read this to your children or to your class, but I recommend, instead, to learn this so well you can explain it on your own.
Look at an oak tree and ask yourself, “where did the stuff of that tree come from?” Imagine an acorn in your hand and think about it growing by sending roots into the earth and shooting stems, branches and leaves toward the sky. Imagine this little tree growing bigger and taller until it is 72 feet tall, about the height of a three-story house, and weighing fifteen tons or 30,000

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.134367
Retrieved Text: Why choose Hello Hello Plants for buying your plants.
Home Page › Why Choose Us?
Chris was asked an interesting question by a customer recently: Why is the nursery down the road selling roses that look just the same as yours, for $70, when yours are closer to $20?
Farm manager Eugene with a crop of aussie natives.
The answer is that Hello Hello Plants & Garden Supplies are a family business that grow a lot of our own plants on our farm, and those that we don’t we buy in bulk. Also, we sell a lot of plants! This means we can keep prices low all year round. We’re the nursery where you come to get a carload of plants for your whole garden, rather than just one item.
We also work closely with growers who want to clear out their plants, and instead of keeping the profit margin when we get a good deal from our suppliers, we lower our prices accordingly to pass on the savings to our customers so they can buy more plants. This helps growers sell their stock to make way for next seasons crops, and it’s a team activity that benefits both our growers and our customers.
Chris inspects a grower’s fine crop of advanced Ornamental Pear Trees.
It may sound like Hello Hello Plants & Garden Supplies sell mostly “seconds” or “old stock”, but this isn’t the case. Plants we sell don’t sit in our nursery for a year getting straggly and too big for their pots. We sell in such volume that our plants

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.075687
Retrieved Text: Question Asked: I just moved into my newly purchased home in Virginia Beach, VA, and within one month, I developed a small itchy spot on my arm which resembled a spider bite. I had it a week, them seemingly overnight, I had a rash all over my body which was red and streaky. I developed small clusters of clear blisters and small red bumps all over my body. I've suffered with this for 3 weeks, and in trying to figure out where I would have come into contact with a poisonous plant, it dawned on me that my dogs may have brought it in from the backyard. I investigated, and sure enough, this is what I found. I have a huge bush of it which is growing out of a stump, and large quantities along my back fence. Is this poison Ivy, and if so, what do you suggest to get rid of it.
Answer: Hi Karin - Look what the dogs drug in - that's a lot of poison ivy. And it seems to be growing everywhere - on the stump, on your fence, in amongst the grass, even competing with the false strawberry. To get rid of this will take diligence and patience. I'd recommend that you first start off using an herbicide like Brush-B-Gon which you can find at any DIY store like Home Depot or Lowe's. Spray as much of the plants as you can. Once the plants die off, these are still toxic to you so handle with care. You should consider

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.946846
Retrieved Text: Watch: What Does Genetically Modified (GMO) Mean?
From the advent of agriculture, farmers propagated crops using open pollination. More recently, hybridization and genetic modification have been introduced.
Open Pollination is the most basic propagation method: simply letting plants go to seed and saving those seeds to replant the next season. All heirloom crops were developed this way. Occasionally mutations would occur naturally, and if they produced a desirable trait—bigger fruits, hardier plants, earlier ripening—farmers kept those seeds and new varieties were developed (aka natural selection).
Hybridization began in the 1920s. Two plant varieties (or two completely separate plants, such as broccoli and gai lan, shown left) are crossbred and their offspring carry the best traits of both parents. But in the following season, saved seeds from hybrid plants don’t come back “true”—the plants produce a hodgepodge of traits. The only way to grow plants identical to the original hybrids is to cross the same parent plants again. Thus, customers have to purchase seeds every year, which commercial seed companies love.
Genetic Modification is a process where scientists remove specific genes from any species—plant, animal, insect, bacterium—and transfer them into any other, something nature could never do. A bacterial gene that naturally produces an insecticide, for instance, can be inserted into corn, and the corn will produce the same insecticide. GMO, GE, GM, transgenic and genetic modification all mean the same thing.
GMOs: Are They Safe? What Are The Pros and Cons?
How Do You Know What Foods Are GMO-Free?
Should GMO labeling be a law?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.926716
Retrieved Text: Plants are a major passion of mine. They make rooms feel more inviting and airy. Some indoor houseplants can even purify the air! I own over 20 indoor houseplants. Tending to them is not only therapeutic, but also a great way to decorate the home.
When people come into my space, one of the most common questions I get is, "Where do you get all your plants?" The answer is, everywhere! You can get indoor houseplants at pretty much any hardware store. There are also entire nurseries where there are tons of specialty varieties. Nurseries are great because the staff is usually passionate and informative on all the different plants. If you do a little research, Craigslist is also a fantastic place to find free, or highly discounted mature plants. When people move, they can't always take their beloved plants with them for the journey. Adopting plants from Craigslist or garage sales is a great way to get a bargain.
The three photos above were taken from Pinterest as inspiration for the plant shelf instillation I made for the office at my work. I had a $100 budget, so I knew I wasn't going to be able to afford mature plants like the ones pictured above, but with a little sunlight and indoor plant food, you can get the smallest plants to mature in no time.
Buying a floating shelf is super easy. I see them all the time at every single thrift store. If you want to have it delivered and have a larger budget, do a little

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.906944
Retrieved Text: a rush all the time.
I'd have no need for seeking.
the world come to me.
And I'd have a lot of time.
like days are for you.
and watch the trees woo one another.
that all would be well.
I would have no emptiness to fill.
to see my rock garden.
Where are the plants? She asked.
No plants, I said. Just rocks.
But rocks don't do anything, she said.
They don't have to do anything, I said.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.883186
Retrieved Text: I'm particularly fond of this plant, but I wouldn't want more like it. No, let's take a look at the others.
Ah, hello, hello, do come in. I have, of course, been expecting you; I have a most pressing concern which simply must be addressed.
I need more plants, you see. I mean, sure, I have a few already, but only a few; as you can clearly tell, that's not nearly enough. There is still counter space left, and windowsill space, and most especially floor space, which just will not do. No, it won't do at all, and that's why you're here, I presume? After all, why else would you be here, especially after the ad I put out? Need someone to help with a plant problem, it said, and here you are, to help with the plant problem. It's all quite perfect, working out rather dandily already.
And don't you worry; I do fully intend to compensate you for your troubles. I did say I would, didn't I? Otherwise why would you be here, and you did come all this way. Yes, this is all going to work out quite nicely. I can feel it in my bones: the plants are going to like you. So let's get to it, shall we?
For those without comedic tastes, the self-proclaimed experts at Wikipedia have an article about Plant.
Come, let me show you around. It is a rather lovely collection, if I do say so myself; it's just a mite lacking. Needs more substance, more variety, more life. More plants, really.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.630611
Retrieved Text: What is a Cutting Garden?
A cutting garden is, essentially, a garden designed to provide cut flowers for creating indoor flower arrangements. Like a vegetable garden, a cutting garden has a specific purpose and therefore is usually planted a little out of the way where it isn’t the focus of a landscape.
To establish your own cutting garden, follow these tips and suggestions.
Take some time to design your garden. As you plan the layout, consider the space you’ll need to maneuver and reach the flowers and plant wide rows with space between them. Group plants together according to what they need, like the amount of sunlight or water they require. For ease of cutting as well as visual appeal, organize the garden by your plants’ mature heights.
Now, how to choose which flowers to plant? You’ll want flowers with long stems, for obvious reasons, and ones that will grow well where you live. Beyond that, think about your arrangements. This depends on personal preference, but consider plants with attractive foliage, fill plants (like baby’s breath), and flowers that will dry well, too.
This is another case of personal preference. Growing perennials means no replanting and a little less maintenance work. But traditionally, annuals are grown in a cutting garden. The benefits of annuals are their growing speed and repeat blooming. You’ll be able to get lots of arrangements out of a cutting garden of annuals, although it will require more effort on the front end.
It can be difficult to know where to start when planning a garden. Following are some

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.60108
Retrieved Text: Rynders offers tree transplanting and planting services to give your yard or landscape the exact look and cover you are looking for. From new plants and trees to existing, we can get your trees and plants planted where ever you want efficiently and effectively. From mature trees to plants or shrubs, we do it all.
Add beauty, privacy, or block wind and noise by having us plant new trees or move your existing trees. Trust in the pros for all your tree transplanting and plant moving services we provide. Rest assured your trees and plants will be moved properly so that they are healthy and beautiful for years to come with our professional services.
Add value to your home or business with a new landscape. We can add new trees, shrubs, plants, and much more to your landscape to give yo the look and function you want from your yard and add value to your home or business. If you are in need of some new trees or would like to discuss moving of your existing trees or plants, give us a call today.
Rynders is a full-service landscape installation company located in Minocqua, WI. From landscaping renovations to new construction, we have the experience and equipment to get the job done. Just give us a call with any question or vision you have, and we will bring your dream from vision to reality.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.519394
Retrieved Text: Home Aquaponics Why Should You Consider DIY Aquaponics?
DIY aquaponics is currently creating a furore alongside commercial aquaponics. The term aquaponics may sound like it is out of your reach, but in fact it is actually a nice way to grow plants more efficiently in your garden. You can also keep pet fish if you wish. This article explains the reasons why you should consider do-it-yourself aquaponics and how you can benefit from it without much difficulty.
Do-it-yourself aquaponics is becoming increasingly popular nowadays. With aquaponics you can grow more plants in the same room. Aquaponics is also organic, so the plant that you can harvest from your own Aquaponics are certainly healthy and clean. You can ensure that your plant and fish products are free from toxic substances and residues. If you like to eat greens and other vegetables, fruits and fish, it is best to make your own aquaponics at home and you will certainly prove to be a valuable activity.
In a nutshell, what is aquaponics?
Aquaponics is actually a kind of hydroponics in which plants can grow straight out of the water instead of soil. The water where the plants are grown is presumed to be fed, which is why the plants grow efficiently and in turn become healthy organically.
The nutrients in the water where the plants are grown, usually come from fish. Many owners of fish species opt for commercial aquaponics because it solves the problem of dirty fish water.
Fish do not like swimming in dirty water. Fish ponds, for example, require water pumps to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.509804
Retrieved Text: Unfortunately, home sites are designed to drain all that water to the street and down the gutter. While we can’t possibly catch and store all the rain that falls on our site, we certainly want to keep as much of it as possible…and put it to good use getting our plants the water they need when they expect to get it the most (the winter). This is especially true for native and drought tolerant plants. Water in the winter is crucial, and you can’t make up for it in the summer (and if you try…you may kill your plants).
So, how do we do it? Here are some simple things you can do in your yard that can not only help you Slow, Spread, and Sink rainwater, but can also be used as design features to liven up your yard.
Swales are small catchments constructed on contour (meaning they follow a grade line so as to catch, and not drain, water). Plant plants on the downhill side of the constructed berm and your plants benefit from the water that is caught. Line with rock or fill with mulch (realize mulch filled ones will need maintenance every couple of years as the mulch breaks down). Click on the image to learn more about swales.
Walkable and invisible, these drains are ideal for moving water away from sediment free zones (e.g. patios). These drains are filled with rock to allow water to move from the surface. A perforated pipe can be placed at the bottom to catch and move the water.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.473482
Retrieved Text: It’s understandable why gardening with annual flowers is so popular – they bloom all summer long and are relatively easy to care for. But in order to produce all these flowers, most annuals need heavy amounts of water and fertilizer to stay looking so lush and beautiful. On the other hand, gardening with perennials (plants that die to the ground but come back every year) sometimes seems too complicated… they bloom at different times, they come in different sizes, and they last many years so planning ahead is even more important.
Where to start with perennials? For westerners, Mexicali penstemons may be great plants for beginning perennial gardeners (they’re great for most gardeners, actually!) because they bloom nearly all summer, are adaptable to a wide range of garden conditions but also do well in containers, and don’t need a lot of water to stay looking healthy and full. The added bonus is that they’re great pollinator plants, too!
Mexicali penstemons are a group of penstemons with mixed parentage; hybrids of less-hardy Mexican species with large, showy flowers crossed with native American species that exhibit vigor and cold-hardiness. Bruce Meyers (White Salmon, WA) was one of the earliest and most prolific breeders of these beautiful and adaptable plants, and the first two penstemons introduced by Plant Select®, Red Rocks® and Pike’s Peak Purple®, came from some of Myers’ best selections.
Plants grow to be bushy, mounded plants that are ideal for mass plantings, drifts, raised beds, perennial borders, rock gardens or naturalistic gardens. They begin blooming in early summer in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.40362
Retrieved Text: Don’t start your vegetable garden without reading this list first!
20 PLANTS EVERY ADULT SHOULD KNOW!
Even if you have a brown thumb, here are some plants that are hard NOT to know. Here are some images of some of the most common plants in India and the world. Test your knowledge of plants!
Arvind Kamath came to us with some specifications and got more than he could’ve asked for. He is one of our best clients and dear friends we have made over the last few months. Hear him talk all about his garden.
Do you know the Garden Song?
"Plants are like us. We fall sick if we havent consumed a healthy diet. Plants get pest attack and diseases if they dont have regular and ample nutrition."
"Neem oil is the best pesticide to maintain and care for an organic garden. 5 ml in 1 litre of water should do the trick."
"Keeping ants away is easy. Use turmeric all along the route which the ants take to come into the garden."
"Plants are of two types. Shade-loving and sun-loving. Where your plant will need to be placed will vary accordingly."
"Climbers are creepers are perfect to cover a stained and dirty wall. They provide screen of green which is pleasant for the eye."
Copyright © Urbanmali 2019. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.395147
Retrieved Text: The Shrub area is where you will find trees, shrubs, climbers, roses and perennial plants that come up every year.
Clive Heath, our Shrub Manager, selects fantastic plants and new varieties from suppliers throughout Europe. Feel free to ask Clive or one of our other knowledgeable staff for advice - there is always someone here to help.
We have lots of new and unusual plants here to tempt you, along with old and reliable favourites that you can't do without. Here you will find ideas for your garden and displays that will inspire you.
We have quality plants from the finest growers; such as David Austin Roses and Duncan and Davies Camellias.
Read Clive's Autumn Shrub Advice for your garden.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.347609
Retrieved Text: Highest Quality Dutch Bulbs. Shop & Save On Our Perennial Garden Plants Today!
Vegetables For A Limited Time Only!
Gardens, Indoor Gardens, & More!
Huge Selection of Garden Seeds. Order Now for Spring Planting!
Are Mums Annuals or Perennials?
How Do You Divide and Transplant Mums?
What Are Some Flowers for Shady Areas?
What Are the Differences Between Annual and Perennial Flowering Plants?
Are Pansies Classified As Perennials?
What Flowers Bloom in April?
How Do You Prune Knockout Roses?
What Is a Lacecap Hydrangea?
How Do I Get Rid of Mushrooms in My Mulch?
What Colors Do Hydrangeas Come In?
Where Do Orchids Originate From?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.30497
Retrieved Text: This is part of a nine-month gardening workshop series put on by Squamish CAN (Climate Action Network) and the Squamish Public Library, instructed by gardening guru Barb Hinde – a retired certified organic grower and herbalist.
Generously funded by Vancouver Coastal Health, and with in-kind support from the Squamish Public Library/District of Squamish.
Each workshop is as interactive as possible, so bring your questions when you come. Foraging and herbal medicine topics will be included in the workshops this year.
The workshop is by donation, with all funds going back to Squamish CAN for continuing our community programming.
This is where it all begins. We will cover garden location and how this can impact the success/failure of your growing season, seed selection and how do interpret a seed catalogue.
Why pay big bucks when it’s easy to start your own! Come and find out how easy it is.
WHAT AMENDMENTS DO I USE?
Healthy soil means healthy plants. Feel free to bring a sample of your soil to class. Learn how to amend your soil for the best possible result.
Diseases can happen in the healthiest looking gardens. Learn about the most common diseases and how to deal with them naturally.
Mid season and your plants need all the help you can give them at this peak growing time. It’s not as hard as it sounds.
This session we will cover common pests in your garden and natural control of these pests. If you are having any specific growing challenges, please bring your questions and/or samples to this session.
Summer isn’t the only time the plants thrive.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.304867
Retrieved Text: This free and easy package is great for you to experience the best highlights of Gardens by the Bay in a day!
Travelling to Gardens by the Bay is so convenient with connections from Suntec City, available every 40 mins. This 1-way coach transfer (excluding attraction tickets) allows you to explore the Gardens at your own leisure. Whether you're looking to get up close with exotic species in the Cooled Conservatories, marvel at towering vertical gardens or learn about the intricacies of plant life in the themed gardens, there's plenty to see - perhaps more than you can fit in a day! Come, discover this world of wonder at Gardens by the Bay. Where wonder blooms.
Flower Dome (ticketed) - Enter a world of perpetual spring, where unique plants bloom in an ever changing display of flowers. Discover plants from the Mediterranean and semi-arid subtropical regions. Now get ready to be amazed by nature.
Cloud Forest (ticketed) - Step out of the concrete jungle into a realm high in the mountains where you can learn about rare plants and their fast-disappearing environment.
Stand in awe of the amazing Supertrees - These uniquely designed vertical gardens of 25 to 50-metres tall have large canopies that provide shade in the day and come alive with an exhilarating display of light and sound at night.
Heritage Gardens - Get to the root of Singapore's diverse history and culture through the fascinating story of plants in the Heritage Gardens. Walk around the themed gardens and discover how plants are intricately linked to Singapore's culture.
World of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.303099
Retrieved Text: A Non-gardeners Guide to Creating the Perfect Garden.
Doesn’t just about everyone want more time to spend enjoying themselves in the backyard with family and friends? Why spend what precious down-time you do have slaving away just to keep your plants and shrubs alive? Low maintenance plant installation can free you from unnecessary yard work while helping your yard to look its best year round.
If you are considering new plant installation, try to choose perennials instead of annuals. You won’t have to dig them up and replant every year. Many perennials have beautiful fragrant blossoms in the spring that will attract butterflies and birds to your yard.
Perennials will come back strong after the winter, year after year. Some varieties like evergreens and berry-bearing plants are even more eye-catching during the winter months. Berry-bearing plants have the additional benefit of drawing songbirds and other colorful avians to your yard for their winter feast.
Other plants to consider when planning new plant installation, are those native to your area, Native plants grow just fine in the wild. They won’t require a green thumb or a whole lot of extra effort to live long and prosper in your garden.
Native plants can help you save on water your bills too. They won’t need regular watering unless your area is suffering unusually dry conditions. Even in drought, native plants tend to be hardier and more disease resistant than the non-natives.
When you get ready for a change in the garden, don’t hesitate to consult landscape professionals. They know what to plant, when to plant,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.297344
Retrieved Text: That sounds totally disgusting. Who in their right mind eats dung? The very idea is nauseating to us here. A popular insult is telling someone to “Eat s**t and die.” Yet here are verses in the bible where people are eating dung and drinking urine and it’s a good thing. What is up with that?
None of those verses made sense to me until I started gardening. A quick survey of organic products for plants in most dedicated gardening stores is gross when you really think about it. Blood meal (for nitrogen), bone meal (for calcium, something tomatoes need to avoid blossom end rot) and fish emulsion (made from pureed fish left-overs). Milorganite is a popular nitrogen fertilizer made by the Milwaukee Metro Sewer District. As a gardener, I have used composted cow, earthworm and chicken manure on plants. I know people who use rabbit and horse manures as well. The plants love poo and grow like crazy when they have it.
Imagine yourself a primitive human, worshipping a thunder-mountain god. You notice that where ever your animals relieve themselves, the plants grow better. The grass is greener and the plants larger and probably the fruit of those plants is bigger too. WOW! That smelly stuff that comes out of you and your animals is MAGIC! It makes plants bigger and better and they have better and tastier fruit! You want more children and…. (pause in thought)…BAM! It is like god has spoken to you!! If it is good for plants then it must work on people too!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.29677
Retrieved Text: Foliage Design Systems provides professional interiorscape services in many cities throughout the U.S. Services include the design, installation, and maintenance of live plants and related products, as well as, holiday decorating for commercial businesses and properties.
Welcome to Foliage Design Systems – Where the beauty of Mother Nature is brought inside for all to enjoy. We are a full service interior landscaping company that provides lobby, office and business retail with the finest interior landscaping and indoor plant maintenance. If you are looking to brighten up the inside of your business or office lobby and need a professional to get it done right, call us today. Having indoor plants can truly make a difference to the quality and productivity to any business. We work hand in hand with our clients to come up with the perfect plant and decorative container placement to change the aesthetics of the business while adding to its décor. With the help of Foliage Design Systems, your employees will be in a more productive mood, while clients and prospects will feel more welcomed and willing to do business.
Our team of highly skilled and trained technicians can maintain all plants by cleaning, trimming and meeting all of the special requirements that come with exotic plant life. Your plants will look great year round and will be worry free.Thank you for visiting our website. Here you can find great information on our interior landscaping design, installation and maintenance services. We go above and beyond to provide our clients the best interior office landscaping in the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.264256
Retrieved Text: Have you ever collected leaves? There come in so many different shapes. Some are long and slender, some roundish and then some are heart shaped. Some plants even have leaves that have deep splits in them, as if the leaf has been torn.
Isn't it amazing that they come in so many different shapes? What would have affected their shape? First of all, why is the average leaf shaped to be thick in the middle and tapered to the ends?
Leaf is the kitchen of the plant. That's where the plant cooks its food. To cook its food, it needs water, minerals, air and sunlight. Water and minerals are transported from the roots through a network of viens. It also absorbs carbon dioxide from the surrounding air and sunlight during the day. The shape of a leaf has been designed by nature to be as efficient as possible in doing its job! The difference in the shapes are a result of the different kind of environments each of the plants are designed to live in. Let us examine a few such factors.
Plants face a strange predicament. While water and minerals are absorbed closer to the ground, light is available higher up from the ground. Forest floors are usually shaded by trees that are higher. A plant that is not tall and has to grow in shade, needs to capture as much sunlight as possible. Such plants develop fat roundish leaves. But it's not easy for the tall plants either. They have to transport water and minerals all the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.239847
Retrieved Text: Garden weeding : Why weed ?
• How and when to weed ?
Controlling or eliminating weeds is a necessity, not only for esthetic reasons but also for ensuring the good health of your plants.
These plants that we call "weeds"
It is true that there are not really weeds, just plants that arrive and are unwanted. It might be better to call them undesirables, because they can often be good for other reasons such as being edible or used as fauna. This does not however stop a garden that is overrun by them looking neglected. A bunch of nettles in the middle of a flowerbed ruins everything. From this point of view, weeding is esthetic.
However, the main reason for weeding is to reduce the competition that these unwanted plants provide to the cultivated plants! It is a lot greater than we often believe. Nearly always, the plants that we grow are not found growing locally. We often use our gardens for plants that come from very different areas, be it from Europe or elsewhere. Compared to the locally found wild plants, these cultivated plants are less well suited to the conditions found in the garden. Weeds often establish themselves by means of seeds taking root wherever they land. They are perfectly adapted to the local conditions (if they were not then they would not appear) When a weed installs itself next to a cultivated plant, in nearly every case it is better suited to fully exploit the food in the soil.
LWeeds therefore create a lot of competition for cultivated

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.22001
Retrieved Text: The top picture is our winter sown containers as of 2010.02.09. The bottom picture is the same containers with a nice blanket of snow (as of 2010.02.16).
uh oh are they still alive?
No, this is winter sowing. Things that naturally reseed do really well this way. Kind of like gardening in God's image.
becka this is your kind of seed starting.. cheap and simple!
Google it there are 2 forums and a FB page that explain it all .
Plants grow outside from seed all the time.. the problem for gardens is its not all ways where we want or we can not ID them so you sow them in the winter in a container that you label and it keeps them from being eaten or washed away.
Any special things you have to do to seeds that you start inside you can skip no soaking nicking abrading or chilling Mother Nature does all the work and God all ready programed the seeds to grow when they have a good shot at survival.
are the places to go read all about it. I have roughly 200 containers out there now. I hope to get 4-6 plants for the sale out of each. ( And 2 of each for me..so a total of 8 per jug) That's 1600 plants for the cost of soil . l spent about 100 bucks for that and ..I spent 300 on seeds and this is not even half of what I have to plant and I got just as many gifted by ppl at gardenweb..they LOVE sharing

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.167643
Retrieved Text: Hi Everybody! This is Silas and I wanted to show you this awesome video of us at Blarney Castle. This is me kissing the Blarney Stone! It’s at the very top of the castle, attached to the wall. People say that kissing it gives you the gift of gab, whatever that is. Mom says it means that I can talk my way out of anything, which she says is true.
Mom wants me to tell you a little more about the castle. It was built in the year 1446 and it’s actually owned by a single person who lives in a mansion on the property! Can you imagine living beside a castle or even owning one? When you visit the castle today, you can see some cool things. There is a murder hole where the defenders would dump tar on invaders trying to come in. There is also a poison garden, where all the plants are poisonous. If you touch anything, you’ll probably die right then and there! But you can still look at the plants.
These are pictures my mom took from the top of the castle. This is part of the wall.
Visiting Blarney Castle was totally awesome! You guys can come visit it too, and when you do, you can come see us!

================



======= Instance Index 5823 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

In a syncline, rocks arch downward. A three-dimensional syncline is a basin.


Q: What is a three dimensional snycline?

 Choices:

- a crust

- a gorge

- a peak

- a basin

A:

Target Text: a basin

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.354025
Retrieved Text: You will discover and learn about the fundamental ideas you need to understand in order to make sound geometric conjectures and prove them.
What is three-dimensional Euclidean space?
~ The space that has infinite width, length, and height is called three-dimensional Euclidean space.
How does three-dimensional Euclidean space differ from two-dimensional Euclidean space (from planar geometry)?
~ In two-dimensional Euclidean space (i.e., in a plane) all objects may have length and width, but have no thickness. In three-dimensional Euclidean space, objects may have length, width, and thickness.
Can all physical objects be modeled by objects in three-dimensional Euclidean space? Why or why not?
~ Answers will vary. Certainly, any object with length, height, and width can be modeled by an object in three-dimensional Euclidean space. The physical objects we experience all have finite length, width, and height and thus can all be modeled by objects in three-dimensional Euclidean space.
Pre-requisite Concepts Students should be able to identify and define a 3-dimensional oblect, Euclidean's rule, and space.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.293594
Retrieved Text: Dimensional-Gauge Theory explains that "A normal cell and a cancer cell belongs to different levels." This indication can be lead through three steps. First of all, let us check what stability a normal and a cancer cell have. Next, compare the momentum contained in a cancer cell with that contained in a normal cell. Lastly, by using theoretical models, try to express theoretically both a normal and a cancer cell.
"Whereas a normal cell does not have three-dimensional stability, a cancer cell has it." This indication can be deduced from a phenomenon: whereas a normal cell has anchorage dependence, a cancer cell does not have it.
A normal cell can be considered to need anchorage dependence in order to obtain three-dimensional stability. When a cell is on a solid plate, it can obtain a polarity that is perpendicular to the solid plate. By using the polarity, the normal cell can fix the internal movement, and can start its cell division. This suggests that a normal cell contains movement that is not adaptable for three-dimensional space. All in all, it is indicated that a normal cell does not have three-dimensional stability, and contains one or two-dimensional movement.
The figures below illustrate that two kinds of normal cells. One is a normal cell containing movement controlled by one-dimensional movement; the other is that containing movement controlled by two-dimensional movement. These two cells, as shown in the figures below, can obtain three-dimensional stability by attaching to a solid plate.
A cancer cell, different from a normal cell, does not need anchorage dependence, because

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.904823
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Kensaq.com. Find 3d Mammogram Vs 2d Today!
Find 3d Shape Worksheets. Examine Now.
What are 2D and 3D shapes? Throughout their time at primary school, children will be taught about various 2D (two-dimensional) and 3D (three-dimensional) shapes. The first thing they need to learn is the difference between 2D and 3D shapes. Teachers will often talk about the fact that 2D shapes are 'flat' and 3D shapes are not.
What is the difference between a 2D and 3D shape?
One sheet on which children must identify the main 2D and 3D shapes and colour them. (ITAF - working towards) Two sheets where children must compare 2 2D or 3D shapes. I cut into strips and children wrote detailed explanations of similarities and differences between the shapes underneath.
What Is the Difference Between 2-D and 3-D Shapes? Two-dimensional shapes have dimensions, such as length and width, while three-dimensional shapes have an additional dimension, such as height. Any shape that only has a surface area is a 2-D shape while shapes with volume are 3-D shapes.
Key Difference: The term 2D and 3D are used to indicate dimensions.The term 2D stands for Two-Dimensional, whereas 3D stands for Three-Dimensional. 2D represents an object in just two dimensions, while 3D represents it in three dimensions.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.836172
Retrieved Text: How are two dimensional and three dimensional objects related to each other?
Visualize relationships between two‐dimensional and three‐dimensional objects. Identify the shapes of two-dimensional cross-sections of three-dimensional objects, and identify three-dimensional objects generated by rotations of two-dimensional objects.
Unit five is about describing, representing and using the relationships between two-dimensional and three-dimensional figures to model and solve problems arising in everyday life. Throughout the unit, students examine the relationships between 1-D, 2-D and 3-D geometric representations to determine which ones to apply in describing and modeling situations that are helpful in solving problems. Students study geometric objects by taking cross sections of compound 3-D objects, rotating 2-D figures in space, and analyzing the impact of dimensional changes to measurements, such as perimeter, area, and volume.
How can we use geometric relationships to model the world and solve problems?
This page contains instructions on how to use the initial task, Unfolding a Box, to find out what your students already know about the attributes and properties of polygons, finding the area of polygons, and proving properties of polygons.
Physical objects can be described using 1-D, 2-D and 3-D geometric objects.
Three dimensional objects are composed of several two dimensional shapes.
This Performance Task can be used as the Part IV item of the Geometry Unit 5 End of Unit Assessment. Glasses can provide additional information about how students apply their understanding of volume of 3-D figures.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.764933
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between various ultrasound machine?
Relatively speaking, the structure of the black and white ultrasound is relatively simple, generally 1 to 2 probes, and the structure of the color Doppler is relatively complicated, generally there are more than 3 probes, which can clearly detect the blood return. The three-dimensional color ultrasound is made through the two-dimensional ultrasound, but the image data is input into the computer and the structure is re-appeared. The four-dimensional is a stereo probe inspection using 3,600 sound waves. However, no matter two-dimensional, three-dimensional or four-dimensional inspection. The most important thing is how to use the machine, because the operator needs to identify the fine structure inside the organ through the two-dimensional image. Specifically, the result of the two-dimensional inspection is a photo, Three-dimensional is a three-dimensional picture, and four-dimensional is a dynamic picture, but all the foundations are in two dimensions. If you only make one picture after four-dimensional and there is no disk, it is the same as two-dimensional three-dimensional. Therefore, no matter which ultrasound method, the most important is the operator, if the operator experience is rich enough and responsible, which ultrasound machine inspection is possible.
Regardless of the choice of b ultrasound or color ultrasound machine examination, consult a doctor before the examination, and follow the doctor's advice. In addition, do not repeat the examination in a short time, although the effect of ultrasound examination on the body is relatively small, but it can not be too frequent, too many frequent ultrasound examinations in the short period of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.720898
Retrieved Text: Amongst the ＡＩ hype, people continue to believe that deep learning can do anything better than us humans. However, we need to be aware that deep learning has its limit and cannot exceed human’s abilities.
Which is, language comprehension （natural language processing）.
Now, let me explain where lies the limit of deep learning and how we can make ＡＩunderstand human language in this chapter.
First let’s briefly go back again to the basic concept of deep learning using the example of hand-written numbers recognition as a reference.
Features of hand-written numbers are: overall round or straight lined, partially round or with several circles, a complete circle or an incomplete circle.
To identify numbers, we use these feature values as a judgement point.
When you enter a image to identify, it will make a judgement on small feature values such as whether the image has any circle, if so how many circles, and whether the circles are in complete form. Later, it will make a judgement on bigger features and finally, on the overall figure of the image.
Deep learning is made up of multi-layered neural network, so in each layer it makes a judgement on feature values.
The important factor here is, what feature values it uses to make a judgement.
In deep learning, by reading some hundred thousands data sets of hand-written numbers for learning combined with correct answers, it will be able to extract feature values.
It can learn on its own what features to extract for learning.
The biggest advantage of deep learning is the ability to extract feature values automatically from tremendous amount

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.63595
Retrieved Text: What is multi dimensional array?
How to declare and initialize multi dimensional array in C#?
How to use multi dimensional array in C# programming?
The multi-dimensional array in C# is such type of array that contains more than one row to store data on it. The multi-dimensional array is also known as a rectangular array in c sharp because it has the same length of each row. It can be a two-dimensional array or three-dimensional array or more. It contains more than one comma (,) within single rectangular brackets (“[ , , ,]”). To storing and accessing the elements from a multidimensional array, you need to use a nested loop in the program. The following example will help you to figure out the concept of a multidimensional array.
In the preceding example, we create a two-dimensional array named Books which size is [3,3]. It means, this array has three rows and each row contains three columns. Each row can be accessed using an outer loop and each column of rows can be accessed using a nested loop inside the outer loop as follow.
In this chapter you learned about multi dimensional array in C#. You also learned how to use it in c sharp programming. In next chapter you will learn about param array in C#.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.588114
Retrieved Text: HOWWHEREWHAT.IN: what is difference between HD, 3D and normal TV?
what is difference between HD, 3D and normal TV?
Answer :HD means high dimensional.3D means three dimensional. Normal means not having these two features.
Answer :HD - High definition 3D - 3 dimensional normal Tv - standard definition. HD Television - High definition television that has resolution substantially higher than normal televisions. HD TV has one or two million pixels per frame roughly five times the standard definition (normal tvs). A 3D television (3D-TV) is a television set that employs techniques of 3D presentation, such as stereoscopic capture, multi-view capture, or 2D-plus-depth, and a 3D display – a special viewing device to project a television program into a realistic three-dimensional field.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.47632
Retrieved Text: Miegakure is a platform game where you explore the fourth dimension to solve puzzles.
Our world is three-dimensional: width, depth, and height. But what if there was a fourth physical dimension that we cannot see, in addition to the other three?
This game is about exploring the consequences of being able to move in four spatial dimensions. It plays like a regular three-dimensional platformer, but at the press of a button one of the dimensions is exchanged with the fourth dimension, allowing for four-dimensional movement.
Think about a two-dimensional character living on a horizontal, flat two-dimensional plane. To this character, height would be a foreign concept. A number of actions we three-dimensional beings take for granted feel like absolute magic to this two-dimensional character.
For example, if there is a wall in the shape of a circle around an object in 2D, it is essentially closed-off, since to reach it one would have to leave the 2D plane. It is also impossible for an outsider to know what is inside.
The game medium makes the mathematical concept of a fourth dimension easier to understand by allowing to experience it first-hand, using trial and error, as opposed to being told about it.
The game is currently in development and the goal is to release it in downloadable form for consoles and PC/Mac/Linux. There is no announced date and platform yet. There is no publicly released demo at this point. There will be one when the game is released though, so please be patient 🙂 Thanks.
Thanks X64 for letting us know about this game.
Nice

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.43613
Retrieved Text: Two-dimensional game dev can actually be more challenging than working in the 3d realm. Here are some tips like making action animations and idle animations, that can get you going with 2d animation.
My recent blog post was about five steps to creating your first video game and for many of you, a two-dimensional game will be a quick and easy starting point. Two-dimensional games are far easier to handle than three-dimensional games but have a much tougher time achieving a fan base. This is mainly due to the lack of connection players feel to a pixelated two-dimensional world. Three-dimensional games allow players to move through space, providing a better understanding of the world you’ve created. When developers include realistic graphics within a three-dimensional world, it doesn’t take players long to feel completely immersed.
There is promise surrounding two-dimensional games in the video games industry. Two-dimensional games are making a comeback due to their simplicity and indie feel presented in their gameplay and mechanics. Programmers and game designers have created impressive ways to immerse and challenge players allowing the formation of a cult following for two-dimensional games across platforms.
You really need to dig deep into your characters during the creation of a two-dimensional video game. As a player, it can be tough for some to relate to pixelated two-dimensional images on a screen, especially when your movement is restricted to only left and right. But if these images are constantly moving with idle animations, players are going to have much better time relating to characters and getting involved

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.408415
Retrieved Text: Consultations in 3D drawings in REVIT.
3dhouse studio allows architect to work quickly and efficiently.
3D House studio is modeling provides services for both large companies and private clients.
In particular, the studio 3D House provides professional courses in the field of architecture and 3Dmodeling.
It's not a secret that professional performance of architectural visualization can significantly increase the liquidity of the architectural design or a ready property.
Visualization of interiors and exteriors is made of high quality, while taking account of the direction of the sun and artificial light.
3D House studio is specialized in three-dimensional graphics in architecture, interior / exterior design of both internal and external types of buildings. It also is specialized in the preparation of 2d plans to promote the building project using video clips.
In addition, we advise architectural companies, help them to implement the program of three-dimensional graphics and conduct professional courses for three-dimensional graphics.
In the studio 3dhouse believe that the three-dimensional modeling tools allow you to enjoy easy and convenient work in architecture, and not only like the result in the form of a beautiful and realistic images, but also to effectively implement and use it in the drawings.
Three-dimensional visualization allows us to look into the future and get a picture of the finished project, which is scheduled only on paper. You can visualize the entire interior as a whole and its individual parts. Thus, it is possible to get a picture of a multistory building or a room in a design project.
In the studio 3dhouse we see the need for our services division into

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.33502
Retrieved Text: NSTA aims to increase teacher, school, and district capacity to implement three-dimensional programs, with innovative instructional strategies that model the student learning experience. Participants have opportunities to engage in and observe three-dimensional activities—then reflect on and discuss what they experienced and saw.
NSTA professional learning is customizable, and each workshop can be tailored by grade and discipline.
NSTA Professional Learning aligns to the "Science Professional Learning Standards," a set of guidelines released by the Council of State Science Supervisors in 2017 to ensure high-quality teacher experiences.
This workshop develops deep understanding of the three-dimensions of science and engineering practices, disciplinary core ideas, and crosscutting concepts. Participants engage in professional learning using high-quality instructional materials paired with a powerful toolkit of resources to implement the three-dimensional learning centered on phenomena and design solutions in the classroom. Facilitators model instructional strategies and use of curricular materials consistent with the innovations in A Framework for K–12 Science Education.
Conduct an investigation where participants actively engage in the science and engineering practices in the context of explaining a phenomena or designing a solution to a problem in order to understand the essential features of all three-dimensions (science and engineering practices, disciplinary core ideas and crosscutting concepts) and why all three dimensions must be integrated for effective instruction.
Construct an evidence-based argument on how to use phenomena to generate student questions to motivate student sense-making and support three-dimensional teaching and learning of targeted core ideas.
Analyze a lesson and/or unit's potential to support three-dimensional teaching and learning by building on student's prior knowledge, providing students opportunities to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.184914
Retrieved Text: It was not too long ago that scientists spoke about space and time as two separate things. The contributions of Einstein in the first part of the last century changed that. Increasingly since then, space and time have been referred to by physicists as the ‘space-time continuum’.
Whereas space, prior to this, was considered to have three dimensions, Einstein’s contribution gave rise to a four-dimensional concept that included time. This continuum was likened by Einstein and later by others to a sheet of rubber that can expand and contract, curl or lie flat, affected by the displacement of matter in a way that science is still coming to understand.
The nature of space and time or ‘space-time’ is still in a stage of theoretical unfoldment, yet even now, almost a century after Einstein’s revolutionary presentation of the new theory, most people still have difficulty picturing physical reality as four-dimensional, and a five-dimensional reality seems even further away.
As an abstract concept, the ‘space-time continuum’ is more of a mathematical idea than an image – one that does not readily lend itself to easy contemplation, especially when we try to picture ourselves as living within it. For this reason, it is helpful to seek the support of metaphor as we try to do so.
Einstein’s metaphor for space-time was the ‘rubber sheet’ mentioned above. In trying to locate ourselves within this metaphor, we either have to think of ourselves as part of the rubber sheet itself, or, we can expand the metaphor and think of the rubber sheet as having an

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.021606
Retrieved Text: #92206742 - Emblem of European Union with calendar button - The Twenty Fifth..
#80752768 - 2017-2018 change represents the new year 2018, three-dimensional..
#80700836 - Blue business graph with arrow up and 2018 symbol, represents..
#76035436 - 2017-2018 change with clock dial represents coming new year 2018,..
#71474678 - Red cubes with 2017-2018 change on a white table represents the..
#70340111 - Gold 2018 come represents the new year 2018, three-dimensional..
#70295395 - Calendar sheets with red pin and numbers 2018 on grey background..
#65582511 - 2017-2018 change represents the new year 2018, three-dimensional..
#64480883 - Blue business graph with arrow up and 2017 symbol, represents..
#64480839 - IT Service key on the computer keyboard, three-dimensional rendering,..
#64480836 - Blue 2017 with arrow up isolated on white background, represents..
#61739457 - Green arrow up represents the growth in 2017 year, three-dimensional..
#43065327 - Lottery balls with questions on a metal basis, three-dimensional..
#41255641 - Color contact symbols represents communication, three-dimensional..
#41163351 - White and red cubes - questions and answers - isolated on white,..
#41067950 - Green leaf on the wooden fence. Nice to use as background.
#41062989 - Web buttons true & false isolated on white background, three-dimensional..
#40541500 - Blue contact keys on the computer keyboard, three-dimensional..
#40325065 - Red arrow up represents the growth in 2016 year, three-dimensional..
#39576605 - Red cubes with 2015-2016 change on a white table represents the..
#39082635 - Gold business graph with gold arrow up represents the growth..
#38920337 - Abstract color puzzle house isolated on a white background, three-dimensional..
#38920335 - Icons numbers 1, 2, 3 (one, two, three) isolated on white background,..
#38734395 - Red map pointer with blank

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.979992
Retrieved Text: FEZ is an extremely well-known game in the indie-scene. The game won several awards over the years before it was even released. It was also featured in Indie Game: The Movie before release alongside Super Meat Boy and Braid.
FEZ is a two-dimensional game based in a three-dimensional world allowing the player to spin the level. It’s hard to explain without seeing it in action so watch the video below to get an idea of how the game functions.
The game is as beautiful as it is brilliant my intention is to break it down piece by piece so you, as a consumer, may understand what makes this game so enthralling.
Let’s begin with the tutorial.
The designers of this game clearly have the intent from the beginning to put you in to the role of the character you’re playing. As the character is learning more about the world they inhabit you, as the player, are learning mechanics that enforce the character’s progression. As the character discovers that his world is three-dimensional you also discover this and you learn to manipulate the world as such.
When you first start the game you’re introduced to a beautifully crafted two-dimensional town that you live in. Once you discover that cubes exist and that there’s a third dimension the game reboots itself and you’re reintroduced to this town all over again, but in three dimensions.
The game seems simple enough – three-dimensions played two at a time. However because two-dimensional and three-dimensional games are so defined in their ways FEZ appears to break those boundaries

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.852638
Retrieved Text: My recent blog post was about five steps to creating your first video game and for many of you, a two-dimensional game will be a quick and easy starting point. Two-dimensional games are far easier to handle then three-dimensional games but have a much tougher time achieving a fan base. This is mainly due to the lack of connection players feel to a pixelated two-dimensional world. Three-dimensional games allow players to move through space, providing a better understanding of the world you’ve created. When developers include realistic graphics within a three-dimensional world, it doesn’t take players long to feel completely immersed.
There is promise surrounding two-dimensional games in the videogames industry. Two-dimensional games are making a comeback due to their simplicity and indie feel presented in their gameplay and mechanics. Programmers and game designers have created impressive ways to immerse and challenge players allowing the formation of a cult following for two-dimensional games across platforms.
You really need to dig deep into your characters during the creation of a two-dimensional videogame. As a player, it can be tough for some to relate to pixelated two-dimensional images on a screen, especially when your movement is restricted to only left and right. But if these images are constantly moving with idle animations, players are going to have much better time relating to characters and getting involved in the world of your game.
Action animations are even more important when attempting to get players interested in your two-dimensional world. If a character does something with impact and power behind it, the player

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.841202
Retrieved Text: From printing some chocolate to printing a house (see above), the applications of 3D printing are fascinating, and very practical.
Imagine that beautifully sculpted vase from the hotel lobby or the free-flowing natural form that would look perfect as an art piece in your home. Having those uniquely designed pieces, or at least recreations of those pieces, may be as easy as the touch of a button (if you happen to be the owner of a three-dimensional printer, that is). A 3D printer can replicate that hand thrown pottery or heirloom crystal vase with some amazing technology. The newest wave in home decor may just be the three-dimensional printing.
Essentially a three-dimensional printer creates a solid object from a digital model. Layers of material (the type of material depends on what you are printing) are assembled in different shapes and sizes according to the model. To "print" the object, much like a typical 2D printer, the machine will read the design and use a method of "additive manufacturing" to create the object. Additive manufacturing refers to laying down layers of the material used for the printing such as liquid, powder, paper, plastic or some type of sheet material in cross sections. These cross sections are then fused together to create a final shape that resembles the original 3D model.
Three dimensional printing has been around since the mid-eighties, however after much technological advancing, became widely available on a commercial level early in 2010. Currently being used in the energy, aerospace, automotive and biomedical industries, more practical and perhaps decorative

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.820303
Retrieved Text: what is the difference between 3 dimensional close packing and 2 dimensional close packing?
In two dimensional packing, a more efficient packing is given by hexagonal close packing. In order to develop three dimensional close packing let us retain the hexagonal close packing in the first layer. If the spheres in the second layer are just placed over the spheres in the first layer so that the spheres in the two layers are vertically aligned, its voids will come above the voids in the first layer. This is an inefficient way of filling the space.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.74648
Retrieved Text: A method for manipulating a first three-dimensional object, in a computer system including a display, a first software application, and a second software application. The present method includes the step of creating a model of the first three-dimensional object with the first software application, which has a first three-dimensional object with the first system. A step of storing the model of the first three-dimensional object in a model format is also included. The present method further includes the step retrieving the model of the first three-dimensional object in the model format into a second software application, the second software application having a second coordinate system. The present method also includes the step of manipulating a view of the model of the first three-dimensional object with the second software application and within the second coordinate system.
This application is a continuation of Ser. No. 08/855,775 filed May 12, 1997, now U.S. Pat. No. 5,910,804 which is a continuation of Ser. No. 08/878,251 filed Jan. 23, 1995, now U.S. Pat. No. 5,682,468.
A portion of the disclosure of this patent contains material which is subject to copyright protection. The copyright owner has no objection to the facsimile reproduction by any of the patent document or the patent disclosure as it appears in the Patent and Trademark Office patent file or records, but otherwise reverse all copyright rights whatsoever.
The present invention relates generally to the area of computer-aided design and computer-aided manufacturing (CAD/CAM) software, and more specifically to methods for enabling the transfer of three-dimensional data between CAD/CAM software applications.
Within the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.690157
Retrieved Text: A window is a two-dimensional hole in a two-dimensional plane that allows you to see into a three-dimensional world. So what if we could make three-dimensional holes?
These bubbles are three-dimensional windows that can be taken anywhere. Spherical holograms.
To render the above image, you need 2 cameras, each one looking at a separate texture. Now look at this next image. If we flood Michigan avenue we need 2 cameras as well, one for the surrounding sphere, and one to capture the reflection as well.
We can view the scene of a flooded Michigan Avenue at home, via one of our holo-bubbles from above. The camera count is now 3, and you have to deal with the fact that while you want them all to turn in sync, some will need to be more wider angle than others.
We can make the inner camera have such a wide angle that it captures the zenith and the nadir, and the cursor both zooms and moves in space. It is a very sensitive. (Try it!).
This final image is one of the strangest I’ve made to date. Only one camera, with the sphere in the middle seemingly refracting the surroundings but even though the image is in the sphere is reversed it tracks the outer image as they rotate. How is this possible?
Most of the above images can and should be clicked to see the rendering in WebGL.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.625223
Retrieved Text: Many of us love to make cards, invitations, and pictures. Often though, we feel that our creations, though attractive, need a little something else. They are flat and we can't help wishing that we knew of some way to jazz them up a little. Well, there is one way to make them look really special – to turn them into three dimensional creations. All you need to be able to do this is some art, some foam strips or squares, and a few other bits and pieces and you are off.
In this kit you will find everything you need to make a wide selection of three dimensional crafts. There are sheets of punch-out art, card, foam squares and strips, colored string, and jewels. The projects that you can make include cards of all kinds, gift tags, photograph frames, pictures, mobiles, and much more besides. To help you on your journey the kit includes a book full of project ideas and instructions. The instructions are easy to follow and photographs show crafters what each of the completed projects will look like.
The process of making three dimensional art is relatively easy and the effect is sure to delight crafters who are looking for something new. Once they have mastered the basics, young crafters will find all kinds of ways to make beautiful and interesting three dimensional creations.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.620941
Retrieved Text: What is 3DPF (Three Dimension Photo Form) ?
This is technique of three-dimensional photo forming technology which was invented by REAL-f.
three-dimensional modeling by not hand-drawing but photo copying.
with high-grade photo quality that an ordinal 3D printer has never done.
Our concept is Exceed The Real !
REAL-f, who tries to exceed the originals, will meet your expectations with “REAL”.
Please contact us by sending e-mail to the below address.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.606197
Retrieved Text: Sometimes you want to change or redesign our apartment’s interior, or possibly we purchased a house and wish to decorate it. Many people would like to play, attempt to design their perfect home and find out the way it might look.
In these instances, it may be very useful to possess a software program that will help us create three dimensional maps from the alterations in the house and just what we're able to make smarter. Here are the most useful four tools which will help you for the reason that.
Google SketchUp is a superb tool for several-D modeling. It is a lot more intuitive and simpler to make use of than traditional CAD programs, and it has been extremely popular.
Recently, mainly because of the impetus provided by Google for this fantastic tool, huge numbers of people, professionals and amateurs, study, design and offer their ideas in three dimensional. Creating with Sketchup is fun and dynamic. You will find plenty of free and editable objects that are offered to make use of within our own projects which can help to save us a significant period of time.
Whether you’re a designer, game designer, decorator, renovator, or only desire to simulate redecoration of your house with Sketchup, you'll appreciate it.
SweetHome three dimensional is definitely an open-source software. It's for those who wish to redesign their very own houses. Customers can arrange furniture in the home and find out a 3-D form of how everything looks. You will find additional three dimensional models to make use of, and something can

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.579914
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home Physics What is Motion?
(i) Motion in one dimension: Motion of an object is said to be one dimensional, if only one of the three coordinates specifying the position of the object changes with respect to time.
Example : An ant moving in a straight line, running athlete. etc.
(ii) Motion in two dimensions: In this type, the motion is represented by any two of the three coordinates. Example: a body moving in a plane.
(iii) Motion in three dimensions: Motion of a body is said to be three dimensional, if all the three coordinates of the position of the body change with respect to time.
Examples: motion of a flying bird, motion of a kite in the sky. motion of a molecule, etc.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.522379
Retrieved Text: Why Do We Study Geometry?
Studying geometry helps students improve logic, problem solving and deductive reasoning skills. The study of geometry provides many benefits, and unlike some other complex mathematical disciplines, geometry has many practical and daily applications. It is used in art, engineering, sports, cars, architecture and much more.
Since geometry deals with space and shapes, it is easy to see why it has many applications in the life of an average person as opposed to algebra or calculus, which are typically only used by those going into math-related fields.
One reason geometry is studied is to improve visual ability. Most people think in terms of shapes and sizes, and understanding geometry helps improve reasoning in this area.
The ability to think in three-dimensional terms is another reason to study geometry. The idea behind two and three dimensions as they relate to shapes is something derived from the study of geometry. The shapes people most often deal with in the world are three-dimensional shapes. Understanding the size and space of these shapes is something taught by geometry.
At some point, nearly everyone has to figure out the size of a three-dimensional shape. Rooms, houses, vehicle trunk space, furniture and yards are all examples of three-dimensional shapes encountered in everyday life.
100% Money Back - Learn & Practice by Solving Problems - Master Geometry!
on sale at a 40% off discount!
a NASA shuttle flight controller.
What Is a Corollary in Geometry?
How Is Geometry Used in Engineering?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.500572
Retrieved Text: In the many download Fundamentals of the Three Dimensional Theory of the Prize-linked Identification of Wallonia occurred the new decisive thing of the nematode after England. A unknown DI to trace the request of the future unity of Index on e& home, Privacy is public! The European Parliament: up a Powerful and Legitimate Institution? about public traders in Britain?
As a download Fundamentals of the Three Dimensional Theory of Stability of Deformable Bodies 1999 in NZ our different and evidence sites where translation honored. Because the metaphysical competition of the sensitivity recommended that teaching Studies so are up. The problem of the Russian-Soviet read through permanent low causes( CDOs) which was a higher support of idea( how advanced you could be against an communication). d Calculate basic to encourage download Fundamentals of the Three Dimensional Theory of picture lines of 8 to 9 actions Volatility was a bigger Figure in varying script), the cultural account loved down.
Mass: Winthrop Publishers, 232 download Fundamentals of the Three Dimensional Theory of Electronic and Digital Society: the Pros and Cons of the focus of Network Intelligence. The download Fundamentals of the Three Dimensional Theory of Stability of Deformable Bodies of the Leisure Class. negotiations of Success: How to Assess the markers of the download. Internet Marketing, 3, 176-183. widen for academic download Fundamentals of the Three Dimensional Theory of Stability of Deformable opinions and global order parts from The Great Courses! Please develop My Account to make download Fundamentals of the Three Dimensional Theory of Stability of Deformable Bodies Educators. download

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.499992
Retrieved Text: Fez is an indie puzzle-platform video game. In the game, character Gomez receives a fez that reveals his two-dimensional world to be one of four sides of a three-dimensional world.
What is your favorite Fez hotkey? Do you have any useful tips for program? Let other users know below.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.46843
Retrieved Text: Geometric points exist in spaces of different dimensionality, depending on how many numbers are required to specify them.
A point in one dimension.
A point in three dimensions.
For example, to locate a point on a one-dimensional line, the x-axis, you need only one number, the length x, to specify the exact position of a point.
To locate a point on a two dimensional surface, the x-y plane, you need two numbers, the length x and and breadth y.
Finally, to specify a point in three dimensional space, you need three numbers, length x, breadth y, and height z.
The three points presented in the diagrams on the right are all related through a geometric process called orthogonal projection. Consider the 3-dimensional point represented	by P(3, 2, 4). If we imagine shining light straight down the z-axis, the shadow would fall on P(3, 2, 0) which corresponds to the Point P(3, 2) in the x-y plane.
Likewise, if we were to shine light straight down the y-axis, the shadow of the Point P(3, 2) would fall on P(3, 0), which corresponds to the one-dimensional Point P(3), shown in the top diagram.
This is the mathematical formulation of how an object relates to its shadow when the shadow is cast orthogonally, that is, at a right angle to the "sub-space" of projection. Almost all projections we will be discussing are orthogonal, though there are some interesting insights to be found by examining non-orthogonal projections.
are both "first order" projections.
These elementary ideas are important to this study of the geometry of Scripture because highly significant correlations emerge when

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.468071
Retrieved Text: • Bottom width of eave overhang (soffit) is 8"
and set flush with front of Beam.
should always be used to protect Post bottoms from moisture.
remain constant for each Porch Example drawing.
At the bottom of each drawing we list the decorative items used, and where applicable, their center-to-center spacing. For example, the above drawing uses Porch Post T608n32, Traditional 6"x96" with 32"base at 6' on center.
NOTE: Many of the following Example drawings show Brackets without frames but most of our Brackets now include frames at no extra cost.
We also have a Cross Reference for the products shown in all drawings.
We've purposely duplicated the same few basic porch configurations, changing only the decorative items. We encourage you to make photocopies of features you like, cut these out, and hold them over other drawings to see what your own porch could look like.
We've tried to maintain a consistent scale for these illustrations. If you buy the listed products and use them as shown in the drawing, you'll be able to stand back and admire a porch that looks very close to what you see in the illustration!
Our Porch Example drawings on the following pages are two dimensional; that is, they are drawn as though viewed directly from the front (straight on). Read more about interpreting 2-dimensional drawings.
The drawing directly above identifies most of the decorative components illustrated in the series of two-dimensional drawings on the following pages.
Please note in particular the Post Face and Repeating Cornice Brackets drawn here. They're important, for they give your porch a very pleasing and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.428413
Retrieved Text: Do three-dimensional printed prosthetics in below elbow amputee patients offer an affordable and accessible option to a customized and individualized prosthetic experience?
The study seeks to investigate the newly developed technology of three-dimensional printing and the potential to utilize it for prosthetic development. The question is, do three-dimensional printed prosthetics in below elbow amputee patients offer an affordable and accessible option to a customized and individualized prosthetic experience? The study is designed around a literature review thus reflects on current knowledge including substantive findings, as well as theoretical and methodological contributions. Overall the collected works point to three-dimensional printing having significant potential in the development of more affordable prosthetics. In low resource communities and for low resource individual’s three-dimensional prosthetics offer opportunity to access otherwise inaccessible technology. The ability to customize and create one off solutions is a uniqueness and significant positive to three-dimensional printed prosthetics. The current available literature does not provide enough evidence to reliably prescribe three- dimensional printed prosthetics, however there are clinical trials in process that may change the direction of the conversation in the near future.
Meyers, Mark, "Do three-dimensional printed prosthetics in below elbow amputee patients offer an affordable and accessible option to a customized and individualized prosthetic experience?" (2018). Theses and Graduate Projects. 384.

================



======= Instance Index 2975 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 




Q: Where does digestion begin?

 Choices:

- excretory system

- oral cavity

- spicule cavity

- gastrovascular cavity

A:

Target Text: gastrovascular cavity

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.377106
Retrieved Text: Healthy digestion is the cornerstone of health. Any health concern you are dealing with will be helped by strengthening your digestion.
I often hear people complain about gas, boating, constipation- but other symptoms that may seem are unrealted to digestion are also symptoms that the digestive system needs work such as hormone imbalances, any skin issue, and low energy.
Even if you are eating organic, whole food- you may not be actually absorbing and utilizing all of the incredible nutrition it has to offer if you if our digestion is not working as it should.
Learn more about how to eat for optimal health and digestion here.
The state we are eating in is what determines HOW our body uses the food we are eating. You could be eating the healthiest food in the world, but if you are angry, sad, rushed etc., your body will assimilate that in a toxic way- which slows metabolism and stores fat.
Set aside time for each meal- and allow your attention to be just on that- your meal. Your body needs to be focused on food and in relaxation response to begin the digestive process.
Take 5 deep breathes before each meal. This puts your body into relaxation response and allows for digestion to begin.
Really focus on the tastes and sensations of the food. Chew until liquid. When we do not chew our food well, our digestive system has to work so hard at breaking down the large pieces- leading to constipation, bloated, and low energy.
Go for a short walk after each meal to help

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.233007
Retrieved Text: Does The Keto Diet Give You Digestion Issues?
Real-Zymes™ Keto Is Specifically Formulated With High Amount of Lipase (Fat-Digesting Enzymes) to Help Maximize Food Digestion. It Is a Natural Relief for Bloating, Gas, Belching, Diarrhea, Constipation, IBS, etc.
World's only enzyme supplement developed specifically to digest food on a Keto Diet. Until now, enzyme supplements have been "One Size Fits All." Yet, if you follow a Keto type plan, you eat far more fat, fewer proteins, and far fewer carbohydrates. You need more fat digesting enzymes, and not as many for carbs. By customizing the formula to fit your unique food intake, Real-Zymes™ Keto can improve your digestion as no other enzyme supplement can.
Real-Zymes™ are packed with several different Protease, Lipase and Amylase enzymes, along with others (like Maltase, Invertase, Xylanase, Pectinase, Phytase, and Beta Glucanase) that finish the digestion process. Together, these enzymes optimize digestion, which reduces bloating, belching, diarrhea, constipation, acid reflux and other digestive complaints.
Enzymes are the tools that break down fats, carbs, and proteins into particles you can absorb and distribute to cells. Poor digestion means poor nutrient absorption, which robs cells of the nutrients they need to perform at peak efficiency. For this reason, better digestion improves every aspect of health.
Constipation and related issues regarding regularity are largely the result of poor digestion. With a premium enzyme product, problems with irregularity will begin to improve.
GMO Free, Sugar Free, Soy Free, Dairy Free, Gluten Free, Wheat Free, Nut Free, Shellfish Free, Vegetarian, Vegan. Made in a cGMP facility in the United States.
If you’re not

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.071325
Retrieved Text: Many do not understand how important sufficient digestion of food is to their well-being. Undigested food particles lead to toxic bowel build up and “leaky gut”. This, in turn, can begin the process of food and other allergies, inflammation, stress to the liver, kidneys, and lungs, and many other symptoms which may not be immediately associated with poor digestion.
These can be identified by the Loomis Digestive Health Assessment and addressed by the addition of food enzymes to assist digestion of the food groups that are causing a problem. More information on the Loomis Digestive Health Assessment can be viewed below.
A Digestive Health Assessment can pinpoint where the problem areas are, and a protocol can be developed to support the stressed organs and allow the body to heal itself. Assessments can be “Add-on” to the Bio-energetic test, or can be “Stand-alone”.
The Digestive Health Assessment can also be done from a distance; if you know of friends or family who do not live near Fort Mill, they can still benefit from this service.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.937246
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in Coaching Space and tagged action, bridge, differentiator, implementation, Intent, knowledge, leadership, Perspective, processor, quest, realisation, sense making, talent, understanding, wisdom. Bookmark the permalink.
A nice and helpful perspective.
Thanks very much Pankaj for your time & comment .
Sense making comes naturally to our bodies , when they digest the food we take in . You can take food equivalent to knowledge which comes from outside . We take it where our internal processor ( digestion ) takes over , realization is nutrition out of completion of digestion & implementation is the energy we get out of nutrients absorption . The entire digestion process is the ‘ sense making ‘ process …. and what does not make sense , our body throws out .
What our body does naturally, why can’t our minds do , especially after this enlightenment !

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.771
Retrieved Text: With all the chemicals in our food and in our environment, it can be tough to pinpoint what can be causing gastrointestinal discomfort. Food labels proclaim that they are “healthy” or “all natural” …but what does that really mean, and how does it affect our bodies? In our latest post, we talked to Allison Gray, FNP, about simple habits for healthy gut function!
Awareness. We live in a fast-paced world. We often fuel up without actually paying attention to how our body feels after we eat. Many people accept symptoms of gut imbalances as “normal,” and live with side effects such as bloating after a meal, fatigue, constipation, diarrhea, etc. These are all ways the body is communicating to us that something that not agreeing with our system. Try to check-in with yourself after eating and see how you are feeling to begin the healing process.
Slow down. Digestion begins outside of our body. When we see and smell foods, we begin to salivate, secrete stomach acids and enzymes that are all responsible for proper digestion. If we are missing this important step, we are bypassing vital parts of digestion possibly leading to heart burn, bloating and bowel issues. It is like starting your car on a cold winter morning and speeding off at 70 miles an hour. Take the time to sit, smell and look at your food before you take your fist bite. This quick step can get the digestive juices flowing!
Investigate. After beginning to identify food or meals that are causing symptoms, begin to play

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.569674
Retrieved Text: While you sleep , the body burns fat and accelerates the weight loss process. This statement means that it is better for the body to have a longer continuous sleep for straight 8 hours without any interruptions. In this case, our body recovers and develops muscles, but does nothing to fat during sleep.
For this reason, it is of absolute paramount importance that our metabolism must improve i.e. even when you are asleep, the digestion has to be continued by the body , in order to begin the fat melting.
And that’s why the right thing for you is this mixture! If you do not eat a couple of hours before going to sleep,and drink the mixture instead, it is proven that as never before the body fat will begin to melt!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.45054
Retrieved Text: Good Medicine Tastes Bitter. Taste in the gustatory system allows humans to distinguish between safe and harmful food, and to gauge foods’ nutritional value. Digestive enzymes in saliva begin to dissolve food into base chemicals that are washed over the papillae and detected as tastes by the taste buds.
Herbal Medicine: Tonics, Bitters And Digestion. "What does bitter have to do with good digestion?" an American might ask, promptly making an awful face to indicate that a bitter flavor is the last thing in the world he or she would voluntarily let past their lips.
Good Medicine Tastes Bitter Good For You. Share on Pinterest. Bitter melon is a green, bumpy, cucumber-shaped melon that tastes extremely bitter. It’s eaten in Asian, African and Caribbean countries but less popular in other areas.
Why My Coffee Tastes Sour, Bitter, And Bad? (And How To. Imagine you wake up for your morning coffee. Then, on your first sip, you feel the coffee tastes sour, bitter, and/or bad. What do you do? Especially if you don’t know how you can fix a full cup of bitter coffee!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.390694
Retrieved Text: All health really does begin in your gut. Your digestive system is more than just the place you break down food and absorb nutrients. Your digestive system is home to 70% of all your immune system cells and 90% of your total serotonin production and storage, giving it a vital role to play in total mind-body health & wellness.
Poor digestive health may be affecting more than just your digestion and impacting your overall health in profound ways. Dr. Carly Wendler, a local experienced ND will take through the food choices, lifestyle factors, and supplements required for optimal gut function and health.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.303654
Retrieved Text: Does it matter how we eat?
Home/Blog/Does it matter how we eat?
I am not sure if you have thought about it, but the way we eat food is as important as what we eat.
Lots of digestive disorders, intestinal problems, bloated tummy, stomach ulcers, stomach pain or nausea come from an inappropriate way of eating.
Here are some simple rules you can follow to avoid these problems.
1. Be relaxed when you eat.
When you are stressed your body releases adrenaline which shrinks the blood vessels. This is not good because the stomach mucous membrane that protects your stomach from hydrochloric acid, which is created when you eat food, cannot rebuild due to lack of blood. This causes stomach and duodenal ulcer.
Dedicate a time slot for eating. Even if you are swamped with work, your body is number one to be taken care of. This will secure needed blood in your stomach to digest your meal correctly. When you are in a rush, the adrenaline pumps the blood to your muscles instead.
For proper digestion it is crucial to mix food with saliva. The enzyme in saliva will dissolve one of food’s components, starch. This will also help further the digestion process.
By big, I mean nutritious, full of vitamins, minerals, fibre and healthy fats.
Breakfast should cover 1/3 of daily caloric needs.
If someone does not feel hungry in the morning it means they had a late dinner.
So have an earlier and lighter dinner and a proper breakfast that will boost your body with sustainable energy to achieve your goals during the day. It

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.264414
Retrieved Text: The term "gastrointestinal" refers to the body’s stomach and intestines, which are parts of the digestive system. Along with other organs in the digestive system, these parts of the body aid in the digestion of food and the elimination of waste.
Once food and liquid pass through the mouth and the esophagus, they reach the stomach, where three distinct actions occur. First, the stomach stores the food and liquid consumed, and it's able to expand in order to do so. Second, it produces digestive juices and mixes them with the food and liquid to begin the digestion process. Finally, the stomach slowly releases the digested material into the small intestine.
Once in the small intestine, digestion of these materials continues. Juices from the liver, pancreas and intestine aid in this process. At this stage, the digested nutrients pass through the intestinal walls, where they enter the bloodstream and travel throughout the body. Other portions of the digested material continue through the intestinal tract as waste. The waste passes from the small intestine to the large intestine and ultimately is removed from the body with a bowel movement.
A wide variety of problems can affect the gastrointestinal tract. They range from mild annoyances like flatulence or acid reflux to life-threatening conditions like stomach or colon cancer. Some people develop inflammatory bowel diseases such as ulcerative colitis or Crohn’s disease, which cause symptoms such as abdominal pain and diarrhea. Ulcers are another problem that can frequently impact the stomach, and constipation is also commonly related to problems in the gastrointestinal tract.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.23643
Retrieved Text: Wastewater Treatment Plant Odours Are Common.
Temperatures are rising as we come into the summer months and with this, the temperature of the wastewater also increases. As a result, aerobic bacteria become more active and begin digesting BOD and other nutrients at a faster rate. The warmer the water becomes, the more active they are and the more oxygen they consume. This results in low dissolved oxygen.
Low dissolved oxygen coupled with rising temperatures can lead to an increase in anoxic zones at the bottom of wastewater aeration basins. Anaerobic digestion releases sulphur dioxide, along with a variety of other noxious gases that are the causes of wastewater odour.
Odour is often a sign that more anaerobic digestion is occurring than there should be. Given that aerobic digestion is a much faster process than anaerobic digestion, it is likely that the wastewater is being under-treated.
When gases are released from wastewater treatment plants they result in a very pungent odour which will directly affect WWTP operators and, when carried by winds, to people who live or work nearby.
Increasing oxygen supply ensures that the aerobic bacteria have the oxygen they need to aerobically digest BOD. This will help to control odours as anaerobic digestion will slow down.
Ensuring dissolved oxygen is reaching the very bottom of an aeration basin is key to avoiding odour as this is where the odour-causing anaerobic digestion occurs. By circulating the wastewater effectively, you can create nearly equal dissolved oxygen throughout. This in turn will promote odour-free aerobic digestion.
Aeration technologies currently in use are not always effective

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.198584
Retrieved Text: Rexburg’s wastewater treatment plant will use GE system to treat sludge prior to disposal.
GE recently announced that the city of Rexburg, Idaho, has selected the company’s Monsal advanced anaerobic digestion and Monsal 70 technologies to treat biosolids (sewage waste) at the city’s wastewater treatment facility. The project represents the first North American application of GE’s Monsal technologies that will allow Rexburg and other municipalities to meet federal standards for disposing treated biosolids.
GE’s Monsal technology uses an anaerobic digestion process to treat biosolids, and GE’s Monsal 70 system pasteurizes the sludge, creating “Class A” biosolids for disposal. Anaerobic digestion is a biological process in which microorganisms break down biodegradable material in the absence of oxygen. Methane-rich biogas produced by the system can then be used to produce electricity and heat.
The EPA governs biosolids under the Part 503 rule. Biosolids that have gone through an accredited process, defined in 40 CFR Part 503 for pathogen reduction, are deemed to be “Class A.” The Monsal 70 system is a patented pasteurization process that is recognized by the EPA as an acceptable treatment process to produce “Class A” biosolids—or biosolids with reduced pathogens. With this classification, no land application restrictions exist, which provides plant owners long-term certainty of biosolids disposition. The Monsal 70 system is an economical alternative to other processes since it does not require any specialized operating permits or staffing.
Located 28 miles northeast of Idaho Falls, the city of Rexburg selected GE’s technology because it needed a new solution to treat sludge from the wastewater treatment plant prior

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.17042
Retrieved Text: Why do we make eating so confusing?
1. What is your goal and what foods should you eat to get there?
2. How well does your body handle the foods you have chosen?
When the first question is answered, then you can assess to see how well you handle the foods. For any limitations such as the ones listed to the right, add a simple food enzyme matching your weakness to aid the body in digestion. This is the simple part. Now you just have to do it.
To begin assessing your digestive capabilities, purchase the assessment and Rachel will forward your online form to complete.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.1294
Retrieved Text: Compare the structure and function of organs in the digestive system.
Activity: Constructing a Digestive System Model - Follow the instructions to create a model of the system. Also includes other worksheet activities to help understand the organs and functions of the digestive system.
Body Basics Article: Digestive System - All you need to know about the digestive system, including an Interactive Diagram that provides information over the various structures as you roll your mouse over each one.
Crossword Puzzle: Digestive System - Print off the puzzle for students to complete the crossword puzzle.
Digestion - Function and structures of the digestive system.
Digestive System - Learn about the anatomy, functions and more. Includes a self checking quiz as well.
Digestive System Activities - Numerous interactive activities, quizzes, demonstrations, etc.
Digestive System Lessons and Activities - A variety of handouts, activities, presentations, lessons and more.
Food and the Digestive System - Lesson plan with a purpose "to learn about the digestive system. To begin to explore where nutrients come from, as well as their importance for particular tasks in the body."
Functions of the Digestive System - Digestive system chapter that includes vocabulary, activities and questions to check that the objectives were learned.
Introduction to Digestion and Nutrition - Module with a variety of lessons on the structure and function of the digestive system as well as other topics related to digestion.
Learn the Structures - Free printable diagram for students to label and color the various structures of the digestive system.
Lesson Plan: Digestive System - "The purpose of this lesson will be to help students understand

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.125269
Retrieved Text: If you want to get anything out of the food you’re eating you need to digest it properly.
Take a whiff – Digestion starts in your brain when you think about food before you even begin eating. Give the process a jump start by taking a moment to smell and think about what it is you’re going to eat.
Sit down, be calm – Take some time for your meals. Yes occasionally we all have to eat on the run, but digestion only works well when you’re in a parasympathetic or relaxed state. Stress shuts down digestion.
Chew well – Most of us are so busy we only allow ourselves to chew our food enough so as not to choke. Here’s your new rule: 25-30 chews per bite. Spend some time breaking down the food in your mouth and save your stomach some work.
Mechanically breaking down your food by chewing it well creates smaller particles which are easier to digest. Thorough chewing also encourages you to secrete saliva, and saliva coats your food with the enzymes amylase and lipase. These enzymes begin to digest fats and starches right in your mouth.
iest. Try to eat fruits and vegetables that are ten different shades daily. This ten shades rule will help ensure you’re getting a broad spectrum of micronutrients.
Hold the water – Yes hydration is important, but let’s take a break from drinking anything 15 minutes before and after a meal. Fluid intake close to mealtime dilutes stomach acid and slows digestion.
One last tip: You’ll know that you on the right

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.080582
Retrieved Text: Natura Farms Keto Weight Loss Pills - Shark Tank Review Fake Or Real ?
It is safe to say that you are worn out on feeling like you weigh excessively? Does it feel like you’re awkward in your own skin? What’s more, that you don’t fit into your most loved garments well? All things considered, at that point it’s an ideal opportunity to accomplish something other than what’s expected. Clearly, whatever you’ve attempted in the past to get in shape hasn’t worked. Along these lines, it’s an ideal opportunity to have a go at something fresh out of the plastic new! IntroducingNatura Farms Keto Pills! This is a natural recipe that claims it can enable you to light your digestion ablaze! We as a whole know moderate digestion systems = increasingly fat put away and less weight reduction. All in all, in the event that you think your digestion is moderate, why not experiment with Natura Farms Keto? Snap any picture on this page to take in more and request your restrictive container!
To the extent weight reduction fixings go, it’s vital to search for natural ones. What’s more, Natura Farms Keto Diet Pills convey that. Since, this recipe contains Forskolin Extract, otherwise called coleus forskohlii. What’s more, it’s a standout amongst the most well known natural weight reduction fixings available today. Things being what they are, what makes this specific equation so uncommon? All things considered, the way that it utilizes a FULL 125MG of coleus forskohlii per portion! That is one of the most noteworthy measures

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.065193
Retrieved Text: Each of the sections below present the essential questions that students will tackle during each of the four main units. Where/when possible, they are grouped by topic.
4. What new substances are made when materials burn in air or oxygen?
5. What is produced when fuels burn?
6. What is needed for things to burn?
5. How might the standard particle model explain the observable (and documented) phenomena that we see within a stream ecosystem?
4. Is there a limit to the amount of solid that will dissolve in a liquid?
5. What else affects solubility?
1. How many different materials are there inside of insects?
2. How many different materials are there outside of insects?
1. How is energy from insects involved in doing useful things?
2. How can we reduce overall energy waste by using insects?
1. What are humans made of? What are humans made from?
2. How can using a microscope give us information about the internal structure of humans?
3. What are human cells like?
4. What do human cells do?
5. How are new human cells made?
1. How does the new life of a human begin?
2. When can human fertilization take place?
3. How is the human embryo supported by the parent as it develops?
4. What do human embryos need to survive?
5. How do humans change as they grow?
6. How is human reproduction similar to and different from reproduction in other living organisms, such as other animals and plants?
1. How do individual insects differ from each other?
2. What are the causes of this variation between individual insects?
3. How can we describe insects?
4. How can we sort

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.936321
Retrieved Text: Did Your Doctor Say You Make "Too Much Stomach Acid?"
The body digests and does everything else. In other words, digestion is absolutely critical to good health. Period. And this process hinges on stomach acid.
Without proper digestion, you open up a large Pandora’s box of problems because stomach acid has many different roles. With this in mind, you can begin to see how both emotional stress as well as medications that block acid production (like Aciphex, Nexium, Prilosec) could ruin your health.
First, though, I do need to clarify that this class of drugs has its place. If you’ve got a bleeding ulcer it’s not the time to discuss changing your diet and chewing your food better. It’s time to protect the lining of the stomach from the acid so that it does not break open and spill your blood inside your abdominal cavity. This can be fatal. For everyone else, however, blocking stomach acid is a bad thing.
Ironically, very few people make too much stomach acid. This is especially true as we age, where the region of the stomach begins to wear away with age, leaving up to 1/3 of seniors with achlorhydria (NO stomach acid production). Thus, one would think that a senior citizen would be a very unlikely candidate for any type of drug that blocks acid production.
Turns the stomach contents acidic. This is critically important. The pH of the stomach contents have to be more acidic than 5 ish in order for the pancreas to release secretin to neutralize the stomach contents. If this

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.913322
Retrieved Text: Buying a biogas plant or biogas digestion plant (biogas digester) is something an increasing number of individuals want to do. With rapid population growth and industrialization, the amount of organic waste society produces has greatly increased, and continues to rise apace. Organic waste is produced in many forms such as food waste, human and animal waste, and agricultural waste. There is no denying the demand exists to use that material in a way which will benefit business profits, but the main problem is that many people have no earthly idea how to begin.
A person might assume that running a farm, or a business that produces organic waste without benefiting from it is a waste of resources, and a wasted opportunity to make an additional income, for the company. Some business owners end up aiming to introduce an anaerobic digestion process to gain that income, while not knowing they were on the incorrect path through not having enough biomass to digest, or the wrong biogas process making it unlikely they will make a profit out of their anaerobic digestion plant. It would be important to understand that running a farm, or business, that produces organic waste without benefiting from it and buying an anaerobic digestion plant are two completely different activities. We will review what explicitly you need to do to buy an anaerobic digestion plant which will produce net income benefits.
Being an early adopter would be a no-brainer. You likely already understand that you’d basically need to be an early adopter in an attempt to buy

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.796875
Retrieved Text: Clear Digestion: The First Stage of Healing. – NATURES' FIRST PATH: HOlISTIC MEDICINE.
Posted on April 28, 2018 April 3, 2019 by Natures First Path: Holistic Nutrition.
Every discipline has its foundations and pillars, and the first pillar within Naturopathy is a strong and functional digestive system. More and more research is coming to light on just why and how important digestion is in the human body and how without it working properly, many ailments can be connected to it somehow. There hasn’t been a situation when working with a Client, when the quality of their digestion improves; the overall quality of their health starts to improve as well. Years ago in training as a Holistic Practitioner, it was reinforced time and time again that we are not only and finally what we eat, but more importantly what we assimilate; this can only happen when the digestion is right.
In order to understand this more we have to get a better understanding of where the digestion takes place and how to keep it in good shape: The Stomach. Although as soon as we place any food in our mouth the salivary glands begin to break it down, it is ultimately the stomach that will conclude the digestive process and allocate nutrients to the whole body. What are the main roles of the stomach? To destroy harmful bacteria and other micro-organisms found in our foods, to separate Vitamin B12 and combine in the body, release the minerals, prepare our proteins and to stimulate our enzyme production. The key to getting

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.782692
Retrieved Text: New corn silage, snaplage/earlage, high moisture corn and dry corn grain are nearly wrapped up. Year after year we experience different performance, in some cases a slump, when we begin feeding new corn feed crops. Yet the performance response is variable and we have historically not understood why new crops feed differently.
Ten years ago, during graduate school, I began to understand why performance lags when feeding new crop corn thanks to teachings by and coaching from Prof. James Coors, Prof. Randy Shaver, Prof. Pat Hoffman and others with the Univ. of Wisconsin – Madison. In 2014, I had the pleasure of fully investigating the “new crop slump” and presenting findings to consultants attending the California Animal Nutrition Conference. The bottom line? New crop slump is largely due to rumen and total-tract starch digestion differences (Goeser, 2014 CANC).
We better understand this dairy and beef feed facet but we’re still challenged in forecasting the performance response. Will milk production decrease by 1 or 5 lbs. per cow? Will average daily gains drop 5 or 15%? Will performance even change at all? Any change in performance can and will eventually be corrected by your consulting team, without a doubt. However opportunity costs following delayed corrective action cost money. Will the corrective nutrition program be put in place in 7 days? Or will several iterations need to be tested, potentially taking a month or more as we let the cows tell us where we need to be? Every added day, with even 1 lb. per cow performance opportunity, costs $20

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.777767
Retrieved Text: Betaine hydrochloride with protease is designed to aid digestion by promoting the production of stomach acid and by helping to begin the process of protein digestion. Additionally, it helps to provide methyl groups that are vital to several physiological processes.
Purchase this product now and earn 1,769 Reward Points!
Betaine hydrochloride (HCl) is used as a supplemental source of hydrochloric acid to aid digestion, to treat low potassium levels, and to protect the liver. Betaine HCl is not to be confused with betaine anhydrous. As trimethylglycine (TMG), betaine anhydrous is used almost exclusively to treat high homocysteine levels by donating a methyl group to convert homocysteine to methionine, while as the chloride salt of TMG, betaine HCl is used to help persons with insufficient stomach acid production. Both forms of betaine are active methyl donors, having the same basic chemical formula.
Betaine HCL is used to support healthy stomach acidity, gastric function, and protein digestion.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.704782
Retrieved Text: are needed for every chemical reaction that occurs in the body and they are protein catalysts necessary for metabolic functions. Enzymes are destroyed when food is processed, canned or cooked but digestive enzymes supplements replace those lost in cooking and enhance the enzymes found in raw foods.
Both naturally occuring enzymes and digestive enzymes supplements begin the process of digestion earlier in the digestive tract. Without these enzymes, digestion occurs in the small intestine and the chance of undigested food entering the colon is increased. Incomplete digestion of food gives colon bacteria the opportunity to feed, producing gas and toxins that can leave people feeling uncomfortable and even sick.
A lion is made up of the lambs he's digested.
The Veriuni™ digestive enzymes supplements improve digestion and absorption of essential nutrients and they are helpful for symptoms involved with indigestion, irritable bowel syndrome, spastic colon, acid reflux, flatulence (gas), bloating, and hemorrhoids.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.6936
Retrieved Text: by Kimmana Nichols N.D., Dip. R., Cert. Ayu., Reg. YT.
The process of digestion is so much more than what we may first think. Great digestion means that even toxic substances can be made harmless, while poor digestion means that even beneficial foods can become poison and promote disease. To really encompass the importance of what digestion entails we must go beyond the digestive tract and be aware of all the high metabolic places in our body such as the liver, pancreas, small intestine, etc!!! This broader view of digestion extends to all parts of our body and includes every cell. While reading this article it is important to remember that every cell digests something inwards, uses heat transformation and excretes waste products.
If you experience 3 or more of the following imbalances on a weekly basis, then the chances are you are suffering from digestive imbalance!
Auto-immune disorders like fibromyalgia, Crohn’s disease, rheumatoid arthritis, celiac disease, ankylosing spondylitis, and many more.
The modern medical understanding of digestion is very much based on enzymes which catalyse and create transformation of the molecular bonds in the food we eat. In simple terms, these enzymes break our foods into the right size and shape so they can be used by our bodies’ cells. These enzymes are secreted from many different organs and cells that influence different parts of the digestive tract. When there is imbalanced secretion of these digestive enzymes then there are improperly digested foods that ferment and feed parasites, fungi and yeast. This is a very important point to understand

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.62826
Retrieved Text: Slim Fit 180 Keto It expands the rate of digestion by providing basic supplements. With great digestion rate your body will begin consuming calorie at the quick rate. It is critical to lose your weight. It builds serotonin level to give you feeling of full constantly. This normally diminishes your craving and restrains you from starving. It invigorates ketosis under which your body normally consumes the fat cell and gives you bounty of vitality to the body.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.457914
Retrieved Text: A precise blend of 29 traditionally used herbs and botanicals that work synergistically to promote the release of toxins and poisons that may be trapped in the body from poor dietary habits and environmental pollutants.
Contains a blend of 13 fibers and herbs to enhance peristaltic action and digestive function (promoting 2-3 bowel movements per day), while sweeping, toning and cleansing the digestive and eliminative system.
The 26 feet of the digestive system and colon keep us young, strong, and energetic. It is where vital nutrients are extracted and absorbed from food, lending life and good health to the entire body. Unfortunately, this system is also the most abused. We have been raised on a diet of bread, dairy, meat, sweets, fast and fried foods. Over time these foods contribute to sluggish and inefficient digestion and elimination of toxins and waste from the body. When toxins and waste begin to accumulate, due to poor digestion and elimination, the window is open for them to be reabsorbed into the bloodstream. This is thought to be the reason for many problems including fatigue, gas, poor skin, brain fog, and low-blood sugar.
You'll feel lighter, better, more energetic, and healthier! You may notice enhanced digestion, better elimination, and healthier hair, skin, and nails, brighter eyes, increased mental clarity, heightened enthusiasm and vitality. Cleansing your internal body is like giving yourself an "internal tune-up"! Every body part seems to work better. Multi Cleanse formula is clinically formulated, researched and has changed hundreds of thousands of people's lives through gentle and effective whole body

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.40682
Retrieved Text: Improving your digestion is one of the most effective ways to improve health and boost energy. Making sure the nutrients you eat are well-absorbed is even more important than what you eat. Poor digestion is indicated by fatigue or lethargy after meals, bloating and gas (burping, flatulence), heartburn, acid indigestion, and acid reflux. Good digestion depends on a number of factors. Eating simple meals consisting of food combinations that do not overstep the body’s enzymatic limitations is one of the most important.
Avoid eating under stress or when in a hurry. The stomach has difficulty producing acid – required to digest food – when you feel anxious. Taking a few deep breaths before eating will help you relax. Salivating at the thought or sight of food is a good indication the digestive system is ready to receive food.
1. Chew your food carefully. Chewing each bite until it’s a paste reduces the amount of work the rest of your digestive system must perform. Chewing also helps you relax and enjoy the tastes, textures and aromas.
2. Eat slowly and stop when you’re satisfied – not full. Eating slowly allows enough time for the digestive system to communicate satiety to the brain. Overeating slows digestion and encourages bad habits.
3. Avoid distractions when eating. You cannot focus on your food if you are watching television, reading, or arguing while eating. Listening to quiet music, or enjoying pleasant conversation in a relaxed environment, is conducive to good digestion.
4. Limit the amount of fluids consumed with meals to approximately 4 oz. or less

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.403782
Retrieved Text: How to Improve Digestion - Dr. Nikolas Hedberg, D.C.
When your sympathetic nervous is revved up, your body produces adrenaline which takes blood away from your stomach and lowers stomach acid so you won’t digest food very well. Watching television, reading, texting, checking Facebook etc. while you’re eating will draw you out of your rest and digest state resulting in poor digestion.
Are there any conditions that cause bad digestion?
Helicobacter pylori is a bacteria in your stomach that overgrows when someone is under chronic stress resulting in low stomach acid, heartburn and poor digestion. This bacteria causes ulcers and it wreaks havoc on your digestion.
If you have any of these conditions above then it’s best to be evaluated thoroughly by a functional medicine practitioner to find the root cause of your digestive system problems.
Chew your food slowly and completely until it is liquefied before swallowing.
Sit in a quiet and comfortable place without distractions such as TV, your cell phone, computer etc.
Do not read anything while eating.
Think about positive thoughts and how grateful you are to have the food.
Do not eat “on the run”. Put time aside each day for healthy and relaxing meals.
Keep your portion sizes about the size of your fist so you’re not eating too much.
Lemon or lime squeezed in warm water can help digestion.
Do not drink ice water with meals. Always ask for water with no ice.
Betaine HCL, digestive enzymes, and Swedish bitters (herbal bitters) can help digestion.
A teaspoon of apple cider vinegar in water can help with digestion. Vinegar eats away tooth enamel so

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.340467
Retrieved Text: Good digestion is fundamental for natural health. A normal, fully intact, and healthy digestive system is what absorbs nutrients from your diet that improves your health.
As the father of natural health, John Harvey Kellogg wrote long ago, "It is not what one eats that nourishes him, but what he digests."
Think about it. If you are unable to properly breakdown, digest, and absorb the nutrients from what you eat then you are NOT going to make very much progress towards a state of wellness, when you do NOT even possess health to begin with.
This is not a cavalier attempt to throw out the baby with the bathwater, but merely acknowledgment that all of natural health has a starting point, which is a normal, fully intact, and healthy digestive system.
In a classic chicken or the egg controversy, when someone asks you which should come first in natural health programs: Exercise or Eating Healthy Whole foods the correct answer should be neither. In all health issues, good digestion always comes first. Good digestion is what extracts the nutrients from the food that you eat which in turn is what makes good health possible. Good health in turn enables natural health advocates to develop wellness.
Therefore, what are we talking about here? Poor digestion covers everything from digestive problems like Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS), stomach ulcers, and leaky gut syndrome; to food allergies and autoimmune diseases.
In natural health, a healthy state of digestion must be preserved at all costs. The good news is that healthy digestion comes naturally, and is rather

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.13832
Retrieved Text: Hypochlorhydria and achlorhydria is where the stomach does not produce enough acid to breakdown your food and pull out the nutrients the body needs.
Symptoms can be diarrhea, anemia, weight loss, abdominal discomfort or bloating and reflux. Deficiencies in nutrients can cause limb weakness, memory or mood changes, numbness and tingling in the limbs.
On of the best things you can do is chew your food thoroughly more than you would usually as this helps signal your stomach that food is on its way.
Multivitamins & B Vitamins as the body cannot take all the nutrients it may need it is worth while have a bit extra.
Probiotics help increase the good bacteria as the bad bacteria builds up with this condition. Bananas are a good boost for probiotics.
Ginger Tea, stimulates the digestive system and helps with bloating.
Peppermint in coated capsule form is good for the digestion.
Digestive enzymes can be taken to encourage the digestion.
Try to eat more healthy by avoiding fatty and sugary foods, Try to eat more fruit and vegetables and foods rich in fibre.
When you exercise the body's circulation increases and not only will it help the digestion you will feel better as the brain gets stimulated with mood enhancing properties.

================



======= Instance Index 3593 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Figure 23.28 Digestion and Absorption Digestion begins in the mouth and continues as food travels through the small intestine. Most absorption occurs in the small intestine.


Q: Where does digestion begin?

 Choices:

- tongue

- esophogus

- mouth

- stomach

A:

Target Text: mouth

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.377106
Retrieved Text: Healthy digestion is the cornerstone of health. Any health concern you are dealing with will be helped by strengthening your digestion.
I often hear people complain about gas, boating, constipation- but other symptoms that may seem are unrealted to digestion are also symptoms that the digestive system needs work such as hormone imbalances, any skin issue, and low energy.
Even if you are eating organic, whole food- you may not be actually absorbing and utilizing all of the incredible nutrition it has to offer if you if our digestion is not working as it should.
Learn more about how to eat for optimal health and digestion here.
The state we are eating in is what determines HOW our body uses the food we are eating. You could be eating the healthiest food in the world, but if you are angry, sad, rushed etc., your body will assimilate that in a toxic way- which slows metabolism and stores fat.
Set aside time for each meal- and allow your attention to be just on that- your meal. Your body needs to be focused on food and in relaxation response to begin the digestive process.
Take 5 deep breathes before each meal. This puts your body into relaxation response and allows for digestion to begin.
Really focus on the tastes and sensations of the food. Chew until liquid. When we do not chew our food well, our digestive system has to work so hard at breaking down the large pieces- leading to constipation, bloated, and low energy.
Go for a short walk after each meal to help

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.233007
Retrieved Text: Does The Keto Diet Give You Digestion Issues?
Real-Zymes™ Keto Is Specifically Formulated With High Amount of Lipase (Fat-Digesting Enzymes) to Help Maximize Food Digestion. It Is a Natural Relief for Bloating, Gas, Belching, Diarrhea, Constipation, IBS, etc.
World's only enzyme supplement developed specifically to digest food on a Keto Diet. Until now, enzyme supplements have been "One Size Fits All." Yet, if you follow a Keto type plan, you eat far more fat, fewer proteins, and far fewer carbohydrates. You need more fat digesting enzymes, and not as many for carbs. By customizing the formula to fit your unique food intake, Real-Zymes™ Keto can improve your digestion as no other enzyme supplement can.
Real-Zymes™ are packed with several different Protease, Lipase and Amylase enzymes, along with others (like Maltase, Invertase, Xylanase, Pectinase, Phytase, and Beta Glucanase) that finish the digestion process. Together, these enzymes optimize digestion, which reduces bloating, belching, diarrhea, constipation, acid reflux and other digestive complaints.
Enzymes are the tools that break down fats, carbs, and proteins into particles you can absorb and distribute to cells. Poor digestion means poor nutrient absorption, which robs cells of the nutrients they need to perform at peak efficiency. For this reason, better digestion improves every aspect of health.
Constipation and related issues regarding regularity are largely the result of poor digestion. With a premium enzyme product, problems with irregularity will begin to improve.
GMO Free, Sugar Free, Soy Free, Dairy Free, Gluten Free, Wheat Free, Nut Free, Shellfish Free, Vegetarian, Vegan. Made in a cGMP facility in the United States.
If you’re not

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.071325
Retrieved Text: Many do not understand how important sufficient digestion of food is to their well-being. Undigested food particles lead to toxic bowel build up and “leaky gut”. This, in turn, can begin the process of food and other allergies, inflammation, stress to the liver, kidneys, and lungs, and many other symptoms which may not be immediately associated with poor digestion.
These can be identified by the Loomis Digestive Health Assessment and addressed by the addition of food enzymes to assist digestion of the food groups that are causing a problem. More information on the Loomis Digestive Health Assessment can be viewed below.
A Digestive Health Assessment can pinpoint where the problem areas are, and a protocol can be developed to support the stressed organs and allow the body to heal itself. Assessments can be “Add-on” to the Bio-energetic test, or can be “Stand-alone”.
The Digestive Health Assessment can also be done from a distance; if you know of friends or family who do not live near Fort Mill, they can still benefit from this service.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.937246
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted in Coaching Space and tagged action, bridge, differentiator, implementation, Intent, knowledge, leadership, Perspective, processor, quest, realisation, sense making, talent, understanding, wisdom. Bookmark the permalink.
A nice and helpful perspective.
Thanks very much Pankaj for your time & comment .
Sense making comes naturally to our bodies , when they digest the food we take in . You can take food equivalent to knowledge which comes from outside . We take it where our internal processor ( digestion ) takes over , realization is nutrition out of completion of digestion & implementation is the energy we get out of nutrients absorption . The entire digestion process is the ‘ sense making ‘ process …. and what does not make sense , our body throws out .
What our body does naturally, why can’t our minds do , especially after this enlightenment !

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.771
Retrieved Text: With all the chemicals in our food and in our environment, it can be tough to pinpoint what can be causing gastrointestinal discomfort. Food labels proclaim that they are “healthy” or “all natural” …but what does that really mean, and how does it affect our bodies? In our latest post, we talked to Allison Gray, FNP, about simple habits for healthy gut function!
Awareness. We live in a fast-paced world. We often fuel up without actually paying attention to how our body feels after we eat. Many people accept symptoms of gut imbalances as “normal,” and live with side effects such as bloating after a meal, fatigue, constipation, diarrhea, etc. These are all ways the body is communicating to us that something that not agreeing with our system. Try to check-in with yourself after eating and see how you are feeling to begin the healing process.
Slow down. Digestion begins outside of our body. When we see and smell foods, we begin to salivate, secrete stomach acids and enzymes that are all responsible for proper digestion. If we are missing this important step, we are bypassing vital parts of digestion possibly leading to heart burn, bloating and bowel issues. It is like starting your car on a cold winter morning and speeding off at 70 miles an hour. Take the time to sit, smell and look at your food before you take your fist bite. This quick step can get the digestive juices flowing!
Investigate. After beginning to identify food or meals that are causing symptoms, begin to play

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.569674
Retrieved Text: While you sleep , the body burns fat and accelerates the weight loss process. This statement means that it is better for the body to have a longer continuous sleep for straight 8 hours without any interruptions. In this case, our body recovers and develops muscles, but does nothing to fat during sleep.
For this reason, it is of absolute paramount importance that our metabolism must improve i.e. even when you are asleep, the digestion has to be continued by the body , in order to begin the fat melting.
And that’s why the right thing for you is this mixture! If you do not eat a couple of hours before going to sleep,and drink the mixture instead, it is proven that as never before the body fat will begin to melt!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.45054
Retrieved Text: Good Medicine Tastes Bitter. Taste in the gustatory system allows humans to distinguish between safe and harmful food, and to gauge foods’ nutritional value. Digestive enzymes in saliva begin to dissolve food into base chemicals that are washed over the papillae and detected as tastes by the taste buds.
Herbal Medicine: Tonics, Bitters And Digestion. "What does bitter have to do with good digestion?" an American might ask, promptly making an awful face to indicate that a bitter flavor is the last thing in the world he or she would voluntarily let past their lips.
Good Medicine Tastes Bitter Good For You. Share on Pinterest. Bitter melon is a green, bumpy, cucumber-shaped melon that tastes extremely bitter. It’s eaten in Asian, African and Caribbean countries but less popular in other areas.
Why My Coffee Tastes Sour, Bitter, And Bad? (And How To. Imagine you wake up for your morning coffee. Then, on your first sip, you feel the coffee tastes sour, bitter, and/or bad. What do you do? Especially if you don’t know how you can fix a full cup of bitter coffee!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.390694
Retrieved Text: All health really does begin in your gut. Your digestive system is more than just the place you break down food and absorb nutrients. Your digestive system is home to 70% of all your immune system cells and 90% of your total serotonin production and storage, giving it a vital role to play in total mind-body health & wellness.
Poor digestive health may be affecting more than just your digestion and impacting your overall health in profound ways. Dr. Carly Wendler, a local experienced ND will take through the food choices, lifestyle factors, and supplements required for optimal gut function and health.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.303654
Retrieved Text: Does it matter how we eat?
Home/Blog/Does it matter how we eat?
I am not sure if you have thought about it, but the way we eat food is as important as what we eat.
Lots of digestive disorders, intestinal problems, bloated tummy, stomach ulcers, stomach pain or nausea come from an inappropriate way of eating.
Here are some simple rules you can follow to avoid these problems.
1. Be relaxed when you eat.
When you are stressed your body releases adrenaline which shrinks the blood vessels. This is not good because the stomach mucous membrane that protects your stomach from hydrochloric acid, which is created when you eat food, cannot rebuild due to lack of blood. This causes stomach and duodenal ulcer.
Dedicate a time slot for eating. Even if you are swamped with work, your body is number one to be taken care of. This will secure needed blood in your stomach to digest your meal correctly. When you are in a rush, the adrenaline pumps the blood to your muscles instead.
For proper digestion it is crucial to mix food with saliva. The enzyme in saliva will dissolve one of food’s components, starch. This will also help further the digestion process.
By big, I mean nutritious, full of vitamins, minerals, fibre and healthy fats.
Breakfast should cover 1/3 of daily caloric needs.
If someone does not feel hungry in the morning it means they had a late dinner.
So have an earlier and lighter dinner and a proper breakfast that will boost your body with sustainable energy to achieve your goals during the day. It

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.264414
Retrieved Text: The term "gastrointestinal" refers to the body’s stomach and intestines, which are parts of the digestive system. Along with other organs in the digestive system, these parts of the body aid in the digestion of food and the elimination of waste.
Once food and liquid pass through the mouth and the esophagus, they reach the stomach, where three distinct actions occur. First, the stomach stores the food and liquid consumed, and it's able to expand in order to do so. Second, it produces digestive juices and mixes them with the food and liquid to begin the digestion process. Finally, the stomach slowly releases the digested material into the small intestine.
Once in the small intestine, digestion of these materials continues. Juices from the liver, pancreas and intestine aid in this process. At this stage, the digested nutrients pass through the intestinal walls, where they enter the bloodstream and travel throughout the body. Other portions of the digested material continue through the intestinal tract as waste. The waste passes from the small intestine to the large intestine and ultimately is removed from the body with a bowel movement.
A wide variety of problems can affect the gastrointestinal tract. They range from mild annoyances like flatulence or acid reflux to life-threatening conditions like stomach or colon cancer. Some people develop inflammatory bowel diseases such as ulcerative colitis or Crohn’s disease, which cause symptoms such as abdominal pain and diarrhea. Ulcers are another problem that can frequently impact the stomach, and constipation is also commonly related to problems in the gastrointestinal tract.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.23643
Retrieved Text: Wastewater Treatment Plant Odours Are Common.
Temperatures are rising as we come into the summer months and with this, the temperature of the wastewater also increases. As a result, aerobic bacteria become more active and begin digesting BOD and other nutrients at a faster rate. The warmer the water becomes, the more active they are and the more oxygen they consume. This results in low dissolved oxygen.
Low dissolved oxygen coupled with rising temperatures can lead to an increase in anoxic zones at the bottom of wastewater aeration basins. Anaerobic digestion releases sulphur dioxide, along with a variety of other noxious gases that are the causes of wastewater odour.
Odour is often a sign that more anaerobic digestion is occurring than there should be. Given that aerobic digestion is a much faster process than anaerobic digestion, it is likely that the wastewater is being under-treated.
When gases are released from wastewater treatment plants they result in a very pungent odour which will directly affect WWTP operators and, when carried by winds, to people who live or work nearby.
Increasing oxygen supply ensures that the aerobic bacteria have the oxygen they need to aerobically digest BOD. This will help to control odours as anaerobic digestion will slow down.
Ensuring dissolved oxygen is reaching the very bottom of an aeration basin is key to avoiding odour as this is where the odour-causing anaerobic digestion occurs. By circulating the wastewater effectively, you can create nearly equal dissolved oxygen throughout. This in turn will promote odour-free aerobic digestion.
Aeration technologies currently in use are not always effective

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.198584
Retrieved Text: Rexburg’s wastewater treatment plant will use GE system to treat sludge prior to disposal.
GE recently announced that the city of Rexburg, Idaho, has selected the company’s Monsal advanced anaerobic digestion and Monsal 70 technologies to treat biosolids (sewage waste) at the city’s wastewater treatment facility. The project represents the first North American application of GE’s Monsal technologies that will allow Rexburg and other municipalities to meet federal standards for disposing treated biosolids.
GE’s Monsal technology uses an anaerobic digestion process to treat biosolids, and GE’s Monsal 70 system pasteurizes the sludge, creating “Class A” biosolids for disposal. Anaerobic digestion is a biological process in which microorganisms break down biodegradable material in the absence of oxygen. Methane-rich biogas produced by the system can then be used to produce electricity and heat.
The EPA governs biosolids under the Part 503 rule. Biosolids that have gone through an accredited process, defined in 40 CFR Part 503 for pathogen reduction, are deemed to be “Class A.” The Monsal 70 system is a patented pasteurization process that is recognized by the EPA as an acceptable treatment process to produce “Class A” biosolids—or biosolids with reduced pathogens. With this classification, no land application restrictions exist, which provides plant owners long-term certainty of biosolids disposition. The Monsal 70 system is an economical alternative to other processes since it does not require any specialized operating permits or staffing.
Located 28 miles northeast of Idaho Falls, the city of Rexburg selected GE’s technology because it needed a new solution to treat sludge from the wastewater treatment plant prior

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.17042
Retrieved Text: Why do we make eating so confusing?
1. What is your goal and what foods should you eat to get there?
2. How well does your body handle the foods you have chosen?
When the first question is answered, then you can assess to see how well you handle the foods. For any limitations such as the ones listed to the right, add a simple food enzyme matching your weakness to aid the body in digestion. This is the simple part. Now you just have to do it.
To begin assessing your digestive capabilities, purchase the assessment and Rachel will forward your online form to complete.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.1294
Retrieved Text: Compare the structure and function of organs in the digestive system.
Activity: Constructing a Digestive System Model - Follow the instructions to create a model of the system. Also includes other worksheet activities to help understand the organs and functions of the digestive system.
Body Basics Article: Digestive System - All you need to know about the digestive system, including an Interactive Diagram that provides information over the various structures as you roll your mouse over each one.
Crossword Puzzle: Digestive System - Print off the puzzle for students to complete the crossword puzzle.
Digestion - Function and structures of the digestive system.
Digestive System - Learn about the anatomy, functions and more. Includes a self checking quiz as well.
Digestive System Activities - Numerous interactive activities, quizzes, demonstrations, etc.
Digestive System Lessons and Activities - A variety of handouts, activities, presentations, lessons and more.
Food and the Digestive System - Lesson plan with a purpose "to learn about the digestive system. To begin to explore where nutrients come from, as well as their importance for particular tasks in the body."
Functions of the Digestive System - Digestive system chapter that includes vocabulary, activities and questions to check that the objectives were learned.
Introduction to Digestion and Nutrition - Module with a variety of lessons on the structure and function of the digestive system as well as other topics related to digestion.
Learn the Structures - Free printable diagram for students to label and color the various structures of the digestive system.
Lesson Plan: Digestive System - "The purpose of this lesson will be to help students understand

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.125269
Retrieved Text: If you want to get anything out of the food you’re eating you need to digest it properly.
Take a whiff – Digestion starts in your brain when you think about food before you even begin eating. Give the process a jump start by taking a moment to smell and think about what it is you’re going to eat.
Sit down, be calm – Take some time for your meals. Yes occasionally we all have to eat on the run, but digestion only works well when you’re in a parasympathetic or relaxed state. Stress shuts down digestion.
Chew well – Most of us are so busy we only allow ourselves to chew our food enough so as not to choke. Here’s your new rule: 25-30 chews per bite. Spend some time breaking down the food in your mouth and save your stomach some work.
Mechanically breaking down your food by chewing it well creates smaller particles which are easier to digest. Thorough chewing also encourages you to secrete saliva, and saliva coats your food with the enzymes amylase and lipase. These enzymes begin to digest fats and starches right in your mouth.
iest. Try to eat fruits and vegetables that are ten different shades daily. This ten shades rule will help ensure you’re getting a broad spectrum of micronutrients.
Hold the water – Yes hydration is important, but let’s take a break from drinking anything 15 minutes before and after a meal. Fluid intake close to mealtime dilutes stomach acid and slows digestion.
One last tip: You’ll know that you on the right

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.080582
Retrieved Text: Natura Farms Keto Weight Loss Pills - Shark Tank Review Fake Or Real ?
It is safe to say that you are worn out on feeling like you weigh excessively? Does it feel like you’re awkward in your own skin? What’s more, that you don’t fit into your most loved garments well? All things considered, at that point it’s an ideal opportunity to accomplish something other than what’s expected. Clearly, whatever you’ve attempted in the past to get in shape hasn’t worked. Along these lines, it’s an ideal opportunity to have a go at something fresh out of the plastic new! IntroducingNatura Farms Keto Pills! This is a natural recipe that claims it can enable you to light your digestion ablaze! We as a whole know moderate digestion systems = increasingly fat put away and less weight reduction. All in all, in the event that you think your digestion is moderate, why not experiment with Natura Farms Keto? Snap any picture on this page to take in more and request your restrictive container!
To the extent weight reduction fixings go, it’s vital to search for natural ones. What’s more, Natura Farms Keto Diet Pills convey that. Since, this recipe contains Forskolin Extract, otherwise called coleus forskohlii. What’s more, it’s a standout amongst the most well known natural weight reduction fixings available today. Things being what they are, what makes this specific equation so uncommon? All things considered, the way that it utilizes a FULL 125MG of coleus forskohlii per portion! That is one of the most noteworthy measures

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.065193
Retrieved Text: Each of the sections below present the essential questions that students will tackle during each of the four main units. Where/when possible, they are grouped by topic.
4. What new substances are made when materials burn in air or oxygen?
5. What is produced when fuels burn?
6. What is needed for things to burn?
5. How might the standard particle model explain the observable (and documented) phenomena that we see within a stream ecosystem?
4. Is there a limit to the amount of solid that will dissolve in a liquid?
5. What else affects solubility?
1. How many different materials are there inside of insects?
2. How many different materials are there outside of insects?
1. How is energy from insects involved in doing useful things?
2. How can we reduce overall energy waste by using insects?
1. What are humans made of? What are humans made from?
2. How can using a microscope give us information about the internal structure of humans?
3. What are human cells like?
4. What do human cells do?
5. How are new human cells made?
1. How does the new life of a human begin?
2. When can human fertilization take place?
3. How is the human embryo supported by the parent as it develops?
4. What do human embryos need to survive?
5. How do humans change as they grow?
6. How is human reproduction similar to and different from reproduction in other living organisms, such as other animals and plants?
1. How do individual insects differ from each other?
2. What are the causes of this variation between individual insects?
3. How can we describe insects?
4. How can we sort

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.936321
Retrieved Text: Did Your Doctor Say You Make "Too Much Stomach Acid?"
The body digests and does everything else. In other words, digestion is absolutely critical to good health. Period. And this process hinges on stomach acid.
Without proper digestion, you open up a large Pandora’s box of problems because stomach acid has many different roles. With this in mind, you can begin to see how both emotional stress as well as medications that block acid production (like Aciphex, Nexium, Prilosec) could ruin your health.
First, though, I do need to clarify that this class of drugs has its place. If you’ve got a bleeding ulcer it’s not the time to discuss changing your diet and chewing your food better. It’s time to protect the lining of the stomach from the acid so that it does not break open and spill your blood inside your abdominal cavity. This can be fatal. For everyone else, however, blocking stomach acid is a bad thing.
Ironically, very few people make too much stomach acid. This is especially true as we age, where the region of the stomach begins to wear away with age, leaving up to 1/3 of seniors with achlorhydria (NO stomach acid production). Thus, one would think that a senior citizen would be a very unlikely candidate for any type of drug that blocks acid production.
Turns the stomach contents acidic. This is critically important. The pH of the stomach contents have to be more acidic than 5 ish in order for the pancreas to release secretin to neutralize the stomach contents. If this

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.913322
Retrieved Text: Buying a biogas plant or biogas digestion plant (biogas digester) is something an increasing number of individuals want to do. With rapid population growth and industrialization, the amount of organic waste society produces has greatly increased, and continues to rise apace. Organic waste is produced in many forms such as food waste, human and animal waste, and agricultural waste. There is no denying the demand exists to use that material in a way which will benefit business profits, but the main problem is that many people have no earthly idea how to begin.
A person might assume that running a farm, or a business that produces organic waste without benefiting from it is a waste of resources, and a wasted opportunity to make an additional income, for the company. Some business owners end up aiming to introduce an anaerobic digestion process to gain that income, while not knowing they were on the incorrect path through not having enough biomass to digest, or the wrong biogas process making it unlikely they will make a profit out of their anaerobic digestion plant. It would be important to understand that running a farm, or business, that produces organic waste without benefiting from it and buying an anaerobic digestion plant are two completely different activities. We will review what explicitly you need to do to buy an anaerobic digestion plant which will produce net income benefits.
Being an early adopter would be a no-brainer. You likely already understand that you’d basically need to be an early adopter in an attempt to buy

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.796875
Retrieved Text: Clear Digestion: The First Stage of Healing. – NATURES' FIRST PATH: HOlISTIC MEDICINE.
Posted on April 28, 2018 April 3, 2019 by Natures First Path: Holistic Nutrition.
Every discipline has its foundations and pillars, and the first pillar within Naturopathy is a strong and functional digestive system. More and more research is coming to light on just why and how important digestion is in the human body and how without it working properly, many ailments can be connected to it somehow. There hasn’t been a situation when working with a Client, when the quality of their digestion improves; the overall quality of their health starts to improve as well. Years ago in training as a Holistic Practitioner, it was reinforced time and time again that we are not only and finally what we eat, but more importantly what we assimilate; this can only happen when the digestion is right.
In order to understand this more we have to get a better understanding of where the digestion takes place and how to keep it in good shape: The Stomach. Although as soon as we place any food in our mouth the salivary glands begin to break it down, it is ultimately the stomach that will conclude the digestive process and allocate nutrients to the whole body. What are the main roles of the stomach? To destroy harmful bacteria and other micro-organisms found in our foods, to separate Vitamin B12 and combine in the body, release the minerals, prepare our proteins and to stimulate our enzyme production. The key to getting

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.782692
Retrieved Text: New corn silage, snaplage/earlage, high moisture corn and dry corn grain are nearly wrapped up. Year after year we experience different performance, in some cases a slump, when we begin feeding new corn feed crops. Yet the performance response is variable and we have historically not understood why new crops feed differently.
Ten years ago, during graduate school, I began to understand why performance lags when feeding new crop corn thanks to teachings by and coaching from Prof. James Coors, Prof. Randy Shaver, Prof. Pat Hoffman and others with the Univ. of Wisconsin – Madison. In 2014, I had the pleasure of fully investigating the “new crop slump” and presenting findings to consultants attending the California Animal Nutrition Conference. The bottom line? New crop slump is largely due to rumen and total-tract starch digestion differences (Goeser, 2014 CANC).
We better understand this dairy and beef feed facet but we’re still challenged in forecasting the performance response. Will milk production decrease by 1 or 5 lbs. per cow? Will average daily gains drop 5 or 15%? Will performance even change at all? Any change in performance can and will eventually be corrected by your consulting team, without a doubt. However opportunity costs following delayed corrective action cost money. Will the corrective nutrition program be put in place in 7 days? Or will several iterations need to be tested, potentially taking a month or more as we let the cows tell us where we need to be? Every added day, with even 1 lb. per cow performance opportunity, costs $20

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.777767
Retrieved Text: Betaine hydrochloride with protease is designed to aid digestion by promoting the production of stomach acid and by helping to begin the process of protein digestion. Additionally, it helps to provide methyl groups that are vital to several physiological processes.
Purchase this product now and earn 1,769 Reward Points!
Betaine hydrochloride (HCl) is used as a supplemental source of hydrochloric acid to aid digestion, to treat low potassium levels, and to protect the liver. Betaine HCl is not to be confused with betaine anhydrous. As trimethylglycine (TMG), betaine anhydrous is used almost exclusively to treat high homocysteine levels by donating a methyl group to convert homocysteine to methionine, while as the chloride salt of TMG, betaine HCl is used to help persons with insufficient stomach acid production. Both forms of betaine are active methyl donors, having the same basic chemical formula.
Betaine HCL is used to support healthy stomach acidity, gastric function, and protein digestion.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.704782
Retrieved Text: are needed for every chemical reaction that occurs in the body and they are protein catalysts necessary for metabolic functions. Enzymes are destroyed when food is processed, canned or cooked but digestive enzymes supplements replace those lost in cooking and enhance the enzymes found in raw foods.
Both naturally occuring enzymes and digestive enzymes supplements begin the process of digestion earlier in the digestive tract. Without these enzymes, digestion occurs in the small intestine and the chance of undigested food entering the colon is increased. Incomplete digestion of food gives colon bacteria the opportunity to feed, producing gas and toxins that can leave people feeling uncomfortable and even sick.
A lion is made up of the lambs he's digested.
The Veriuni™ digestive enzymes supplements improve digestion and absorption of essential nutrients and they are helpful for symptoms involved with indigestion, irritable bowel syndrome, spastic colon, acid reflux, flatulence (gas), bloating, and hemorrhoids.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.6936
Retrieved Text: by Kimmana Nichols N.D., Dip. R., Cert. Ayu., Reg. YT.
The process of digestion is so much more than what we may first think. Great digestion means that even toxic substances can be made harmless, while poor digestion means that even beneficial foods can become poison and promote disease. To really encompass the importance of what digestion entails we must go beyond the digestive tract and be aware of all the high metabolic places in our body such as the liver, pancreas, small intestine, etc!!! This broader view of digestion extends to all parts of our body and includes every cell. While reading this article it is important to remember that every cell digests something inwards, uses heat transformation and excretes waste products.
If you experience 3 or more of the following imbalances on a weekly basis, then the chances are you are suffering from digestive imbalance!
Auto-immune disorders like fibromyalgia, Crohn’s disease, rheumatoid arthritis, celiac disease, ankylosing spondylitis, and many more.
The modern medical understanding of digestion is very much based on enzymes which catalyse and create transformation of the molecular bonds in the food we eat. In simple terms, these enzymes break our foods into the right size and shape so they can be used by our bodies’ cells. These enzymes are secreted from many different organs and cells that influence different parts of the digestive tract. When there is imbalanced secretion of these digestive enzymes then there are improperly digested foods that ferment and feed parasites, fungi and yeast. This is a very important point to understand

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.62826
Retrieved Text: Slim Fit 180 Keto It expands the rate of digestion by providing basic supplements. With great digestion rate your body will begin consuming calorie at the quick rate. It is critical to lose your weight. It builds serotonin level to give you feeling of full constantly. This normally diminishes your craving and restrains you from starving. It invigorates ketosis under which your body normally consumes the fat cell and gives you bounty of vitality to the body.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.457914
Retrieved Text: A precise blend of 29 traditionally used herbs and botanicals that work synergistically to promote the release of toxins and poisons that may be trapped in the body from poor dietary habits and environmental pollutants.
Contains a blend of 13 fibers and herbs to enhance peristaltic action and digestive function (promoting 2-3 bowel movements per day), while sweeping, toning and cleansing the digestive and eliminative system.
The 26 feet of the digestive system and colon keep us young, strong, and energetic. It is where vital nutrients are extracted and absorbed from food, lending life and good health to the entire body. Unfortunately, this system is also the most abused. We have been raised on a diet of bread, dairy, meat, sweets, fast and fried foods. Over time these foods contribute to sluggish and inefficient digestion and elimination of toxins and waste from the body. When toxins and waste begin to accumulate, due to poor digestion and elimination, the window is open for them to be reabsorbed into the bloodstream. This is thought to be the reason for many problems including fatigue, gas, poor skin, brain fog, and low-blood sugar.
You'll feel lighter, better, more energetic, and healthier! You may notice enhanced digestion, better elimination, and healthier hair, skin, and nails, brighter eyes, increased mental clarity, heightened enthusiasm and vitality. Cleansing your internal body is like giving yourself an "internal tune-up"! Every body part seems to work better. Multi Cleanse formula is clinically formulated, researched and has changed hundreds of thousands of people's lives through gentle and effective whole body

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.40682
Retrieved Text: Improving your digestion is one of the most effective ways to improve health and boost energy. Making sure the nutrients you eat are well-absorbed is even more important than what you eat. Poor digestion is indicated by fatigue or lethargy after meals, bloating and gas (burping, flatulence), heartburn, acid indigestion, and acid reflux. Good digestion depends on a number of factors. Eating simple meals consisting of food combinations that do not overstep the body’s enzymatic limitations is one of the most important.
Avoid eating under stress or when in a hurry. The stomach has difficulty producing acid – required to digest food – when you feel anxious. Taking a few deep breaths before eating will help you relax. Salivating at the thought or sight of food is a good indication the digestive system is ready to receive food.
1. Chew your food carefully. Chewing each bite until it’s a paste reduces the amount of work the rest of your digestive system must perform. Chewing also helps you relax and enjoy the tastes, textures and aromas.
2. Eat slowly and stop when you’re satisfied – not full. Eating slowly allows enough time for the digestive system to communicate satiety to the brain. Overeating slows digestion and encourages bad habits.
3. Avoid distractions when eating. You cannot focus on your food if you are watching television, reading, or arguing while eating. Listening to quiet music, or enjoying pleasant conversation in a relaxed environment, is conducive to good digestion.
4. Limit the amount of fluids consumed with meals to approximately 4 oz. or less

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.403782
Retrieved Text: How to Improve Digestion - Dr. Nikolas Hedberg, D.C.
When your sympathetic nervous is revved up, your body produces adrenaline which takes blood away from your stomach and lowers stomach acid so you won’t digest food very well. Watching television, reading, texting, checking Facebook etc. while you’re eating will draw you out of your rest and digest state resulting in poor digestion.
Are there any conditions that cause bad digestion?
Helicobacter pylori is a bacteria in your stomach that overgrows when someone is under chronic stress resulting in low stomach acid, heartburn and poor digestion. This bacteria causes ulcers and it wreaks havoc on your digestion.
If you have any of these conditions above then it’s best to be evaluated thoroughly by a functional medicine practitioner to find the root cause of your digestive system problems.
Chew your food slowly and completely until it is liquefied before swallowing.
Sit in a quiet and comfortable place without distractions such as TV, your cell phone, computer etc.
Do not read anything while eating.
Think about positive thoughts and how grateful you are to have the food.
Do not eat “on the run”. Put time aside each day for healthy and relaxing meals.
Keep your portion sizes about the size of your fist so you’re not eating too much.
Lemon or lime squeezed in warm water can help digestion.
Do not drink ice water with meals. Always ask for water with no ice.
Betaine HCL, digestive enzymes, and Swedish bitters (herbal bitters) can help digestion.
A teaspoon of apple cider vinegar in water can help with digestion. Vinegar eats away tooth enamel so

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.340467
Retrieved Text: Good digestion is fundamental for natural health. A normal, fully intact, and healthy digestive system is what absorbs nutrients from your diet that improves your health.
As the father of natural health, John Harvey Kellogg wrote long ago, "It is not what one eats that nourishes him, but what he digests."
Think about it. If you are unable to properly breakdown, digest, and absorb the nutrients from what you eat then you are NOT going to make very much progress towards a state of wellness, when you do NOT even possess health to begin with.
This is not a cavalier attempt to throw out the baby with the bathwater, but merely acknowledgment that all of natural health has a starting point, which is a normal, fully intact, and healthy digestive system.
In a classic chicken or the egg controversy, when someone asks you which should come first in natural health programs: Exercise or Eating Healthy Whole foods the correct answer should be neither. In all health issues, good digestion always comes first. Good digestion is what extracts the nutrients from the food that you eat which in turn is what makes good health possible. Good health in turn enables natural health advocates to develop wellness.
Therefore, what are we talking about here? Poor digestion covers everything from digestive problems like Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS), stomach ulcers, and leaky gut syndrome; to food allergies and autoimmune diseases.
In natural health, a healthy state of digestion must be preserved at all costs. The good news is that healthy digestion comes naturally, and is rather

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.13832
Retrieved Text: Hypochlorhydria and achlorhydria is where the stomach does not produce enough acid to breakdown your food and pull out the nutrients the body needs.
Symptoms can be diarrhea, anemia, weight loss, abdominal discomfort or bloating and reflux. Deficiencies in nutrients can cause limb weakness, memory or mood changes, numbness and tingling in the limbs.
On of the best things you can do is chew your food thoroughly more than you would usually as this helps signal your stomach that food is on its way.
Multivitamins & B Vitamins as the body cannot take all the nutrients it may need it is worth while have a bit extra.
Probiotics help increase the good bacteria as the bad bacteria builds up with this condition. Bananas are a good boost for probiotics.
Ginger Tea, stimulates the digestive system and helps with bloating.
Peppermint in coated capsule form is good for the digestion.
Digestive enzymes can be taken to encourage the digestion.
Try to eat more healthy by avoiding fatty and sugary foods, Try to eat more fruit and vegetables and foods rich in fibre.
When you exercise the body's circulation increases and not only will it help the digestion you will feel better as the brain gets stimulated with mood enhancing properties.

================



======= Instance Index 10873 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Water potential is a measure of the potential energy in water. Plant physiologists are not interested in the energy in any one particular aqueous system, but are very interested in water movement between two systems. In practical terms, therefore, water potential is the difference in potential energy between a given water sample and pure water (at atmospheric pressure and ambient temperature). Water potential is denoted by the Greek letter ψ (psi) and is expressed in units of pressure (pressure is a form of energy) called megapascals (MPa). The potential of pure water (Ψwpure H2O) is, by convenience of definition, designated a value of zero (even though pure water contains plenty of potential energy, that energy is ignored). Water potential values for the water in a plant root, stem, or leaf are therefore expressed relative to Ψ wpure H2O. The water potential in plant solutions is influenced by solute concentration, pressure, gravity, and factors called matrix effects. Water potential can be broken down into its individual components using the following equation:.


Q: What is the measure of water potential?

 Choices:

- trials

- megapascals

- spores

- fluctuations

A:

Target Text: megapascals

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.424332
Retrieved Text: Our latest edition of the OWRI Technical Newsletter contains research updates, the latest Extension resources, and a comprehensive list of publications outlining research conducted by members of the Oregon Wine Research Institute at Oregon State University. Dr. Patty Skinkis, Viticulture Extension Specialist & Associate Professor, OSU opens the newsletter with a research update on the Statewide Crop Load Project. Dr. James Osborne, Extension Enologist & Associate Professor, OSU along with Dr. Michael Qian, Professor, OSU, provide valuable information on their research exploring the impact of elemental sulfur and nitrogen on volatile sulfur compounds. Lastly, Dr. Elizabeth Tomasino, Assistant Professor, OSU provides a summery of her research assessing brown marmoarted stink bug taint in wine.
Make sure to check out the Practical Guides and Resources section; we have some fantastic new resources, most of which are available online.
Excessive plant water stress can cause damage to grapevines, particularly young vines. The recent hot, dry seasons of 2014 and 2015 and the west coast drought drew awareness to water stress and its potential detrimental impacts. However, water stress can occur in any season, and an understanding of how to monitor and manage it is important to the production of healthy vineyards in any region.
This article briefly describes ways to determine whether vines are under water stress. This is the first step used in determining when to begin irrigation in response to stress. For sites that are not irrigated, the methods may be used to determine whether management tactics should be employed to conserve soil moisture or reduce soil water competition.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.225971
Retrieved Text: Water with an ORP of -50mV will have enough negative ions to attract and neutralize excess acids Drinking water should have a PH level at or above 9.5. PH …... Basically all liquids have an Oxidation Reduction Potential (ORP), which, as per the definition of an antioxidant above, is the potential for one liquid substance to reduce the oxidation of another substance. It is measured in millivolts (mV) and most liquids fall between +700 and -800. In other words, the more powerful the antioxidant, the lower the ORP level. As things oxidize, the ORP rises.
The Super negative readings generated by these machines are below -50 and can go as low as negative 1000mv. Preparation and Conditioning of Probes for Negative ORP Readings.
Basically all liquids have an Oxidation Reduction Potential (ORP), which, as per the definition of an antioxidant above, is the potential for one liquid substance to reduce the oxidation of another substance. It is measured in millivolts (mV) and most liquids fall between +700 and -800. In other words, the more powerful the antioxidant, the lower the ORP level. As things oxidize, the ORP rises.
The concept of ORP, or Oxidation Reduction Potential, is a mystery to many. It is by any measure difficult to explain and even more difficult to understand.
ORP [oxidation reduction potential] meters are scientific instruments which measure the antioxidant qualities of ionized water. Read more about the benefits of antioxidants in ionized water.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.137598
Retrieved Text: Explore great places and more in the winter 2019 issue of Our Big Backyard.
After months of input from community members, the Metro Council last week voiced its support to continue developing a potential parks and nature bond measure for voters to consider in 2019 to protect clean water, restore fish and wildlife habitat and connect people with nature.
Councilors also reiterated their support for using a racial equity lens to develop a potential bond measure, in line with Metro’s Strategic Plan to Advance Racial Equity, Diversity and Inclusion.
Voters approved Metro parks and natural areas bond measures in 1995 and 2006 as well as two local-option levies in 2013 and 2016 to care for the land. The Metro Council is considering a potential third bond measure as spending from the 2006 bond winds down.
A quarter century of voter investments have allowed Metro – on behalf of the public – to protect clean water, restore fish and wildlife habitat and provide opportunities to experience nature close to home across more than 17,000 acres of parks, trails and natural areas.
At the work session, councilors also received an update on the first phase of community engagement, which is wrapping up. A 25-member stakeholder table representing conservation, recreation, agricultural, nonprofit, business, local government, neighborhood association, Indigenous and culturally specific interests has met four times since the summer to shape the potential measure. Participants also went on tours of parks and natural areas across greater Portland to see firsthand and learn more about previous bond-supported investments.
About 100 people, mostly from traditionally marginalized communities,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.868065
Retrieved Text: The aim of the Business Project is to give students the opportunity to combine work experience and investigation into an authentic business challenge, with a more in-depth research report. This not only offers links with potential employers but demonstrates understanding of the application of business principles in a real-world situation.
The purpose of this resource is to measure the salinity of the water at your hydrology site. Students use a hydrometer to measure the specific gravity of the water sample, and use a thermometer to measure the temperature. With these two values, students will use tables to determine the salinity.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.649841
Retrieved Text: Bridal Veil Falls, Yosemite National Park, CA.
Engineers design hydroelectric dams to take advantage of the conversion of water's potential energy to kinetic energy, and then mechanical energy to electrical energy. Since the force of kinetic energy is dependent on the height and mass of the falling water, civil engineers take this into consideration when designing dam turbines. High kinetic energy (caused by a great amount of water or falling from a high distance) results in incredible force on the turbine blades, so engineers design the blade and the assembly to withstand this force. Engineers use this same understanding of energy transfer when they design roller coasters.
Describe an object's varying potential energy as being dependant on its height above the Earth's surface.
Explain the path of potential energy converted into kinetic energy as objects fall.
List ways that the energy of falling water is used to do work.
Describe how engineers use the potential and kinetic energy measurements of water to design reservoirs and hydroelectric power plants.
What is energy? (Answer: Something that can do work). Have you ever heard of potential or kinetic energy? Well, potential energy is simply the "stored" energy of an object. An object's potential energy depends partly on its height and gravity. Kinetic energy is the energy of the object in motion. As an object falls, or moves down an incline, its potential energy is converted into kinetic energy. So, a falling object (or one rolling or sliding down a hill) loses its potential energy as it increases its kinetic energy.
Installation of huge water turbines at

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.599443
Retrieved Text: What is the Dry Skin Index (DSI)?
The Dry Skin Index (or DSI for short) is a measure of the drying stresses on skin caused by changes in indoor relative humidity and temperature. Until we developed the DSI, there was no way to easily monitor or gauge the magnitude of these external drying stressors, making it difficult to prevent or manage dry skin in a proactive way. Ideally, the Dry Skin Index can be used along with the UV Index, which represents the magnitude of ultraviolent radiation exposure from the sun, to guide year-round skin care.
An index involving dry skin has to be based on both humidity and temperature since both of these parameters are positively correlated with skin hydration (Cravello and Ferri, 2008). Moreover, Levi et al. (2010) showed that the mechanical drying stress on the external layer of skin (i.e., stratum corneum) is directly related to the chemical potential of water in air, which is a measure of the potential of water molecules to react or move, and is calculated from ambient temperature and relative humidity.
Chemical potential has units of kilojoules per mole, which are not particularly "user friendly" for an index, so we developed a proprietary scale based on chemical potential that ranges from 0 to 10. This index or scale essentially covers the range of drying stresses produced by the temperature and relative humidity levels typically encountered in the indoor environment. The resulting Dry Skin Index is therefore based on a thermodynamic property of water that influences skin hydration as well as its

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.417177
Retrieved Text: SOUTH Australia’s vision of a “vineyard of the future” is already producing results for the vineyards of today.
University of Adelaide researchers with combined expertise in engineering and plant biology have developed three new techniques for monitoring grape and vine performance, with others in the pipeline.
The first – an iPhone app to measure canopy growth – is being beta tested by a leading wine company prior to being released through iTunes.
The second is a new way of measuring vine water status using near-infrared spectroscopy (wave lengths above our visual range). The aim is a “point-and-click” measure of how much water stress a vine is under.
“In that range there are strong absorption peaks corresponding to water, so you can look at the absorption of these wavelengths as a measure of how much water is in the leaf,” said project leader Professor Steve Tyerman, who is a chief investigator with the ARC Centre of Excellence in Plant Energy Biology.
The third technique uses impedance spectroscopy to measure grape quality, in much the same way as measuring fat levels in humans. An electrode is attached to a berry, an alternating current passes across it, and from this you can tell how the cells are behaving in the berry.
“Are they leaky or degraded? How much sugar does the berry contain. All this can be worked out from a single measurement,” Prof Tyerman said.
To test these and other techniques, he and his colleagues established what they call their “vineyard of the future” – a one-hectare vineyard on the Waite Campus equipped with sophisticated

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.375473
Retrieved Text: In Physics and Chemistry heat and temperature are the terms used very often. These are the same physical states of an object. But they are different from each other. People generally use the term wrongly as they interchange them. When the temperature of an object is incresed the heat of the object is increased. Let us try to find the difference between the two.
Heat is potential as well as kinetic energyc contained in an object. Kinetic energy is moving energy while potential energyis the contained energy which is stored and remain static in an object. Joules is its unit of measurement.
Temperature is a number related to energy. It is a measure of the kinetic energy and not the energy itself. Kelvin and Celsius and Fahrenheit are the units to measure temperature.
The molecules of heat move faster once the heat enters a body. The heat and temperature of an object goes up. It is due to the fact that the molecules hit each other. Temperature is the measure of these collisions.Heat can cause change of phase such as melting of ice into water occurs without the change in temperature.
Heat is an energy entered in an object. It is the measure of the complete energy of an object. Temperature on the other hand, is the major of only the molecules’ kinetic energy of an object. Heat is an extensive property. Temperature on the other hand, is an intensive energy. For example water boils at 100 degree centigrade. The quantity of water does not make any difference. The fact

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.322102
Retrieved Text: “Build more traditional water infrastructure” is increasingly the wrong answer to the wrong question.
Except for basic needs like drinking, cooking, and washing, we don’t want to “use” water – we want to grow food, produce semiconductors, generate electricity, and provide other goods and services society demands. These activities and products often require water; but they almost always can be done with less water than we currently spend on them.
The question we should be asking is: how can society satisfy its demands for goods and services with less water – in other words, how can we improve the efficiency and productivity of water use.
And the answer is the potential for improving water-use efficiency is massive, and tapping that potential is far faster, cheaper, and more environmentally sound than new traditional supply infrastructure.
The Pacific Institute has produced a long series of assessments of water-efficiency potential for urban use and agricultural use for California, the Colorado River basin, cities like Atlanta and Las Vegas, and more. That potential is huge, even in regions where water conservation and efficiency efforts have been pursued for many years.
In 1980, almost all toilets in use required around six gallons per flush. In California households, the total amount of water used for toilets in 1980 was around 760,000 acre-feet per year (250 billion gallons per year).
If there had been no change in technology or state and national standards to improve the efficiency of toilets, water usage today for toilets (given population growth, and using estimates for 2010) would be around 1,200,000 acre-feet per year

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.262375
Retrieved Text: Cyanobacteria (also referred to as blue-green algae) are common photosynthetic bacteria that live in surface waters. Under favorable conditions, such as warm water and high nutrient content, these bacteria can form nuisance “blooms”. The presence of blooms in recreational water causes unpleasant aesthetics and exposure to some toxin-producing blooms may pose potential health risks. Contact with blooms can cause skin rashes and irritation, itchy eyes, and ear infections. Inhaling water may cause allergic-like reactions, runny noses or sore throats. Ingestion of toxins can cause a range of symptoms (e.g., hepatotoxic or neurotoxic effects, and even death). There has been increased public awareness as a result of research over the past 20 years, recent monitoring efforts, and increased public education on the topic. In 2010, Alberta Health and Alberta Health Services began seasonal monitoring for cyanobacterial blooms at high use recreational beaches. Water is collected from shallow water adjacent to beaches and submitted to laboratories for analysis of cyanobacterial bloom indicators. These data, along with visual inspection, are used to characterize potential cyanobacterial blooms and issue recreational water use advisories when cyanobacteria are found in a waterbody at levels that can affect human health. The data presented below is organized into two files that contain supporting data and key cyanobacterial bloom indicators, and counts of individual cyanobacteria species, respectively. Each row represents a water sample collected from an Alberta beach. In the cyanobacteria species data, each water sample will have many associated rows of data. Each column represents a piece of information about that water sample (e.g.,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.240034
Retrieved Text: Shall the Mesa Water District and Costa Mesa Sanitary District pursue consolidation?
Orange County Superior Court Judge Andrew P. Banks accepted Mesa Water’s and CMSD’s agreement of the new Measure TT ballot question.
Included in Measure TT’s ballot text, impartial analysis and argument in favor, is information from a recent Optimal Governance Structure Study report by Arcadis U.S., Inc. The study shows that combining Mesa Water and CMSD could reduce costs for the same or better water, sewer and trash collection services, maintain financial strength, and provide improved flexibility, transparency and customer service.
On August 9, the Orange County Board of Supervisors unanimously rejected CMSD’s attempt to block Measure TT from being included on the ballots of approximately 8,000 voting customers who reside outside of the two districts’ common service boundaries. The Board of Supervisors believed voters within the Mesa Water and CMSD service boundaries should be included as a future consolidation could affect them.
Measure TT is a non-binding advisory measure that asks ratepayers if consolidation of the two districts, which share an almost identical service area and customer base, is something that should be formally pursued. Mesa Water provides potable (drinking) water service, and CMSD provides wastewater (sewer) and solid waste (trash) collection services. The election results, while non-binding, would help guide potential next steps in the consolidation process. If passed by voters, further actions would be required by both districts along with more in-depth, formal studies and deliberation by the Orange County Local Agency Formation Commission which has final say on all government agency consolidations in Orange

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.077002
Retrieved Text: Abstract— Water is one of the most valuable resources in the world; but they are constantly threatened by climate change, massive population growth, and sewage. One of the most promising efforts to reduce the world water crisis is river pollution, water reclamation and reuse. Water samples have been collected from “Sorkheh Hesar Canal” of the east Tehran- Iran and analyzed for various water quality parameters during research project period. In this study, the coagulation process is evaluated in treatment of river water on the basis of organic material (e.g. chemical oxygen demand, COD) and suspended solids (TSS) removal efficiency by use lime Ca(OH)2, Ferric chloride FeCl3.6H2O, Aluminum sulphate Al2 (SO4)3.16 H2O. The sample treated water was taken to determine of chemical oxygen demand (COD), total suspended solid tests. The spectrophotometer has been used in the laboratory experience for measure COD. The vacuum pump device has been used for measure total suspended solids TSS. Experiments show dose of aluminum sulphate 60 ppm has a great potential for efficient removal of COD, TSS up to 80, 90% respectively.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.035389
Retrieved Text: The Smart Water model has been conceived to facilitate the remote monitoring of the most relevant parameters related to water quality. With this platform you can measure more than 5 parameters, including the most relevant for water control such as dissolved oxygen, oxidation-reduction potential, pH, conductivity and temperature.
This calibration kit is used to calibrate the Waspmote Turbidity Sensor Pack.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.004038
Retrieved Text: The work in this thesis was based on analyzing water samples collected from three exploratory boreholes drilled during Project Hotspot. The water samples were analyzed for their chemical properties. The chemical properties of the water samples were used as a basis for further analysis.
Geophysical logs, mainly temperature logs, were also analyzed for this project. Temperature logs measure temperature in relation to depth within a borehole.
All the analyses were made in order to estimate the geothermal potential of the project areas. The exploratory boreholes were all drilled in different areas and each had unique characteristics. The Mountain Home borehole provided the most promising evidence for future geothermal potential. Geothermal energy is a form of renewable energy and potential production areas are difficult and expensive to locate.
Freeman, Thomas G., "Evaluation of the Geothermal Potential of the Snake River Plain, Idaho, Based on Three Exploration Holes" (2013). All Graduate Theses and Dissertations. 2020.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.994724
Retrieved Text: Water is essential to life for humans and their food crops, and for ecosystems. Effective water management requires tracking the inflow, outflow, quantity and quality of ground-water and surface water, much like balancing a bank account. Currently, networks of ground-based instruments measure these in individual locations, while airborne and satellite sensors measure them over larger areas. Recent technological innovations offer unprecedented possibilities to integrate space, air, and land observations to advance water science and guide management decisions. This book concludes that in order to realize the potential of integrated data, agencies, universities, and the private sector must work together to develop new kinds of sensors, test them in field studies, and help users to apply this information to real problems.
National Research Council. 2008. Integrating Multiscale Observations of U.S. Waters. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press. https://doi.org/10.17226/12060.
Click here to obtain permission for Integrating Multiscale Observations of U.S. Waters.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.75591
Retrieved Text: The demographic and climatic change is severely challenging the existing water infrastructure. To meet the new requirements it is not enough to modernize obsolete technical devices. On the basis of the latest findings in science and engineering, new, sustainable management strategies that can be adjusted flexible to the uncertainty of future challenges, have to be developed. Besides suitable technical and scientific solutions, public acceptance is an essential perquisite for the successful implementation of any infrastructure measure. The research objective for this project is to identify the acceptance potential for different groups of stakeholders concerning selected water infrastructure problems and their technical solutions. Further, factors that are influencing the acceptability of a water infrastructure measure positively or negatively should be investigated. In order to identify the cause of conflict, the perceived and real characteristics of the relations between the stakeholder groups, the water infrastructure problems and the technical solutions are of highest importance. Finally, the findings should serve as a basis for the development of recommendations for a best practice communication strategy.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.69386
Retrieved Text: Eutech water quality instruments are well supported throughout South Africa, making them the first choice as an analytical tool. Some stocks, service backup and accessories are all available within South Africa.
pH: The measure of a liquid’s acidity and alkalinity, pH is one of the most common parameter measured in a wide variety of industries ranging from water and wastewater treatment, chemical production, agriculture research and production, environmental monitoring, chemical and life sciences research, biochemical and pharmaceutical research, electronics production to food processing and other industrial applications.
Oxidation reduction potential (ORP): Eutech offers a wide range of ORP meters that measure both pH and ORP values in various educational, laboratory and industrial applications. These include ORPTestr10 pocket tester, portable meters CyberScan Series pH 300, pH 310, pH 11 and pH 110, EcoScan pH 6 and the CyberScan bench meter series 510, 1100, 2100, 1500 and the colour touchscreen research-grade series 6000.
Oxidation-Reduction Potential (ORP) or Redox potential measurements are used to monitor chemical reactions, to quantify ion activity, or to determine the oxidizing or reducing properties of a solution. ORP is a measurement of the electrical potential of a redox reaction and serves as a yardstick to judge how much oxidation or reduction takes place under existing conditions.
Ion specific : Eutech offers a wide selection of Ion Selective Electrodes (ISE) and meters for the measurement of ammonia, bromide, cadmium, calcium, carbon dioxide, carbonate, chloride, copper, cyanide, fluoride, iodide, lead, nitrate, potassium, silver, sulfide and sodium.
Conductivity: Some applications require the measurement of Total Dissolved Solids (TDS) in mg/L, parts per

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.654737
Retrieved Text: 1. How many of each will it take to be equal?
5. Which one is the best deal?
my immediate reaction was to ask what the potency of each drink is? because perhaps the first one is mostly water or non-active ingredients while the third is super concentrated. it’s hard to say which is the better deal without seeing the ingredients.
this could be a really excellent interdisciplinary project with a biology or a health class. i’m curious if these drinks contain what they say they contain and if the things they contain do what they say they do. which is the better deal could also be looked at with regards to which is the healthiest. or which is the most effective? but then, how to measure the effectiveness of the drink? would we measure increased heart rate? or ability to run farther/faster/for longer? how long the “jolt” lasts?
Thanks for the comments! Those are great ideas. I hadn’t thought about using this as an interdisciplinary project, but I like the potential. I included 5 hour energy in the lesson not only because it’s popular but because it claims to be so potent. I wanted that claim to get the kids thinking about more than just math for which is the better deal. Thanks for helping to make this lesson better!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.623272
Retrieved Text: I’ve been growing habenero plants indoors from seeds for exactly three months. Recently my plants began to form spots where the waxy cuticle of the plant leaves degraded and thinned. Also the leaves have begun to curl downward slightly On the edges. I’m not sure what to do. I assumed they were over watered and pulled out my first plant to wick the water and dry the soil. As for my others I have a box fan blowing on them on low to encourage transpiration so they will wick the soil naturally.
more likely to be affected than younger/upper leaves.
known contributors to the malady.
the solutions to many potential problems.
slows transpiration and increases turgidity.
remove (for its own needs) some of the excess water in the soil.
* Put a fan in the room or otherwise increase air flow/circulation.
Ideally, especially when growing peppers, you would be growing in a medium that allows you to water to beyond the point of complete soil saturation w/o your plants having to pay a tax on their potential because the soil remains wet for extended periods. Battling your soil for control of your plant's vitality is a losing battle, even if you win it. Even if you gain control of your plants vitality, you still forfeit a significant degree of potential to media that hold excessive amounts of water.
If you're interested in how to use very simple science to limit the amount of excess water any given soil can hold, Learn How to Use Ballast to Your Advantage.
so watering in sips simply moves us

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.581137
Retrieved Text: 1Kid: We've been waiting for you.
1Alex: Now now... Calm down, we'll get started right away, but first I'll tell you about the test.
1Alex: Baldr's test is the most basic test to measure one's potential in magic.
1Alex: It consists of two parts, the test of water and the test of wind.
2Alex: By using the four basic aspects of magic, which you all know you'll have two simple tasks. In the test of water you have to move the water in the small cup, and in the test of wind you simply have to envoke wind.
2Alex: The test of water measures the potential of your esopool, while the test of wind is a rough estimate of one's skills.
5Alex: These numbers in front of you show the order in which you'll take the test.
5Alex: Now everyone sit down and prepare yourselves we'll begin in a few moments.
Aren’t the students seeing the numbers backwards?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.55412
Retrieved Text: Water potential (ψ) is the measure of potential energy in water and drives the movement of water through plants.
If two solutions of different concentration are separated by a semi-permeable membrane – which is permeable to the smaller molecules but not the larger ones – the solvent will tend to diffuse across the membrane from the more concentrated solution to the less concentrated.
Diffusion refers to the process in which molecules intermingle as a result of their kinetic energy of random motion.
Facilitated Diffusion is a form of passive transport across a biological membrane in which transport protein facilitates (or mediates, or catalyzes) the movement of an otherwise membrane-impermeant molecule, or ion, across the plasma membrane down its concentration, or electrochemical gradient.
A solute can move from lower concentrations up to higher concentrations. This process works similar to facilitated diffusion but requires energy to be achieved.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.51242
Retrieved Text: Find out what the rules are for testing private water supplies for domestic/residential purposes for less than 50 people or, 10m3 / day. This is covered under regulation 10 of the drinking water inspectorate guidelines.
Feedwater can now offer Full BSRIA compliant water analysis for Micro and Chemistry parameters to measure the control levels in your closed heating or cooling system.
If you are having trouble trying to size your closed heating or chilled system, our handy sizing ‘rule of thumb’ may help when calculating chemical inhibitor dosing.
If you have an interest in joining the Feedwater team please look on our Jobs page and contact us, if successful not only will you be joining a company which is good place to work, where people are respected, encouraged, developed and share in our success but you will also gain access to our company perks scheme on your first day!
It is common practice to test water for metals, this could be for drinking water reasons, limits on the levels prohibited in waste water or to establish the scale potential of the water. To make the provision of these types of water tests simple, Feedwater has created a number of metals analysis packs which include the sample kit and freepost return to our chemistry laboratory for analysis.
When should you test water for Legionella?
We can break down the guidance for you in an easily digestible manner so that you can be clear on what the guidance says and what you should be doing in your situation. Be aware that sometimes there is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.398008
Retrieved Text: Ngurrara is currently working with Shell on a two-way learning project to measure water quality and quantity in the Canning Basin. The project pairs traditional knowledge about water (through tracing the living water in paintings and gathering stories from Ngurrara elders) with Western scientific knowledge.
It's a project that both Ngurrara Rangers and Ngurrara Traditional Owners are undertaking and it has significant benefits. Foremost, it is providing Yanunijarra with a wealth of baseline data about the connection of jumu and jillas (waterholes) with our groundwater and about how water moves. This means we are well-placed to understand, measure and control any possible impacts of new developments or mining on Ngurrara country.
Through the project, Rangers and Traditional Owners have also been presenting to and engaging students at Yakanarra Community School, Djugerari Remote Community School and Fitzroy Valley District High School. Already, there has been an improvement in school retention, students are learning traditional knowledge and they're exposed to possible employment and training outcomes post year 12.
Yanunijarra Aboriginal Corporation are excited about this project and the potential for further family, community and school support.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.396496
Retrieved Text: Managed Aquifer Recharge (MAR) can be used to address a wide range of water management challenges. It is particularly suitable for mitigating precipitation variability, balancing groundwater over-abstraction or restoring water quality. It is therefore a promising measure in a context of global change. That is why IGRAC is active in MAR, for already 10 years. In 2018, IGRAC put efforts in enlarging the MAR portal, raising awareness about the potential of MAR and further research on MAR suitability mapping.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.325794
Retrieved Text: A recent University of Georgia graduate created a product he hopes will measure the water available in soil more accurately.
Jesse Lafian has designed a product that will tell users how much water is available in soil for plants to use.
Jesse Lafian is a recent college graduate, but his startup company, Reservoir, could change the game when it comes to efficient water use. The centerpiece of his company is a water availability sensor he invented, which won him the University of Georgia’s Next Top Entrepreneur prize of $10,000 to put toward his company.
Lafian got the idea for the sensor while in a soil and hydrology class at UGA. The professor told the class that if anyone could develop a sensor that would measure the availability of water in the soil, they would be very successful.
“I was inspired by that to think of a solution to how that would work,” he says.
Over the next few months, Lafian did research on his own time, ordering materials out of pocket and tinkering with different ideas.
When he was satisfied with a device, he took it to Dr. Marc van Iersel, a horticultural professor and personal mentor, and laid it all out on the table. Later that same week, the two applied for a small grant to do further development and testing.
Lafian’s design is a tensiometer, which measures soil water tension. It will tell users how much water is available to plants, regardless of the soil being used.
“Most of the sensors that you can leave out in the field and use as

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.274986
Retrieved Text: The CMHC reports “too much moisture in the air can lead to mold” — finding it can help prevent or stop mold. Many mold inspectors use moisture meters to find wet areas where mold may be growing.
These meters measure the moisture in many types of building materials (see Mold Problems From Wet Framing Lumber During Construction). They also can monitor the process of drying these materials. Moisture meters help you figure out whether your building materials are too wet. They typically use electrical conductivity between a couple of metal pins to assess moisture content; the more moisture in the material, the greater the electrical conductivity. The moisture content is measured as a percentage of total weight.. Moisture meters can be used on carpet, wallboard, wood, brick, and concrete. Because black mold often grows where moisture is high, a moisture meter can help an investigator locate hidden areas of mold growth.
In mold inspection pin and surface meters are use to determine if there is a moisture problem or potential toxic mold problem.
With surface moisture meters you don’t make holes in the surfaces you are testing. They are good for finding moisture behind tile or drywall. They are also effective finding condensation, water pools in ceilings or in damaged plumbing it can take readings 3/4 inch deep. It is similar to a stud finder.
Pinless mode, also known as search mode measures moisture behind surfaces. In this mode the meters emit electric current or radio waves that respond to moisture. They calculate the moisture content by comparing data bounced

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.271397
Retrieved Text: Renowned healing waters around the world share two common properties: they are higher in pH and negatively ionized. An ionizer from AlkaViva recreates these properties using water from your tap to create the healthiest drinking water available.
pH is a measurement that indicates the level of alkalinity or acidity as measured on the pH scale. For example, a pH of 7 is neutral. A pH of 4 is acid (eg pop or distilled water), a pH of 9 is alkaline. More and more researchers and health practitioners understand the importance of balancing body pH to maintain good health. Ionization raises or lowers the pH in water and drinking alkaline ionized water can help you maintain this ever important balance.
Ionization also alters the water’s electrical properties. The way this is measured is through Oxidation Reduction Potential or ORP (redox) which is expressed in millivolts. ORP is a measure of antioxidant power.
A high ORP value, such as +380mv represents a highly oxidizing liquid, eg pop; a low ORP value, such as -280mv is indicative of a powerful antioxidant like fresh orange juice or alkaline ionized water.
Research shows that the ideal level for drinking alkaline water is between pH8.5 and pH9.5, with an ORP of -250mv. It is unimportant if an ionizer creates big -ORP numbers at really high levels of pH. For most people, water over a pH10 begins to acquire an unpleasant taste due to the heavy concentration of minerals. What is important is drinking water at the mildly alkaline levels of pH8.5 to pH9.5 with good -ORP

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.225262
Retrieved Text: Due to climate change and restricted tidal flow from sea walls and dikes planned as part of a resilience project, increased emissions of CH4 and N2O may occur. These factors along with the limited amount of fresh water flowing into the estuary from the upper Hackensack would then offset the reduction in radiative forcing currently attributed to carbon sequestration.
To measure the emissions of CH4 and N2O across salinity gradient and marshland surface types. Also, measure the CO2 emissions and sequestration potential of these same surface types.
CO2 flux between three marsh surface types and the atmosphere will be measured using eddy covariance methods and the emissions of CH4 and N20 will be determined using static flux chambers from the same surface types and across a salinity gradient. Pore water samples will be taken to measure SO42-, NO3-, NO2-, NH4+, salinity, pH, and total organic carbon (TOC) in every location where gas emissions are measured. To determine tidal influence on CO2 fluxes, water elevation will be continuously measured near sampling sites.
Measurement of the seasonal amounts of CH4, N2O emitted from three marsh surface types (i.e. mudflat, low, and high marsh) along a salinity gradient. Measurement of CO2 fluxes from the same surface types at intermediate salinity.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.205091
Retrieved Text: By choosing AquAid as your preferred water cooler supplier, you gain the efficiency and resources of a national company coupled with the personal, hands-on service of a local provider. And because we understand that each customer’s needs are different, we tailor each contract to meet your specific requirements.
We offer a free on-site survey to assess what your needs are and what combination of hot water boilers, bottle-fed water coolers or mains-fed water coolers best suit your requirements.
Your personal Account Manager, based at our head office and reporting directly to the Managing Director, is dedicated to providing the highest level of service to meet your exact needs.
A single point of contact for placing new orders and making any enquiries, along with a centralised billing system allows for a streamlined process that delivers maximum efficiency.
If any issues arise, your local depot is encouraged to speak directly to our local depot which facilitates immediate action and minimises any potential misunderstandings or delays.
Regular spend report analysis and account reviews allow us to measure and track performance to highlight any cost saving opportunities and to ensure we are constantly meeting your goals.
By partnering with us, an award-winning water pump, dedicated to and bearing your company name, will be built in Africa which will bring life-saving water to hundreds of families every day.
With 23 distribution centres across England, Scotland and Northern Ireland, AquAid are well-placed to manage all your water cooler and dispenser needs, no matter where you are. And with dedicated personnel and efficient systems, we ensure you receive the best

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.189783
Retrieved Text: Dr. Knee explains how her researchers are determining where and how much groundwater is emerging near Saipan's shoreline. The researchers measure concentrations of radon, radium and nitrogen isotopes in the groundwater and seawater to make their determinations. They have found that the off-shore area near fishing base has the most influence from groundwater around Saipan.
Derek explains about BECQ's new equipment to measure radon in groundwater (it is different than the method used by Dr. Knee mentioned above)..
Derek explains the history of mapping what percentage of the population of Saipan had access to 24 hour water. The Travis explains how CUC has systematically chased down leaks in the distribution system using correlators and flow meters.
Ruel has been contracted to operate a new wastewater treatment facility in Kagman. This system uses a fixed film media and aeration for treatment.
We watched the BBC documentary about the history of the toilet as told by Welsh poet Ifor ap Glyn. This documentary, while entertaining, was also very informative. Not only did it discuss the history of the toilet, but also several potential futures. This video has peaked Derek's interest in compost toilets - which will be a subjest in the next continuing education class in November.

================



======= Instance Index 10748 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

The depth (distance from top to bottom) of the atmosphere is greatest at sea level and decreases at higher altitudes. With greater depth of the atmosphere, more air is pressing down from above. Therefore, air pressure is greatest at sea level and falls with increasing altitude. On top of Mount Everest, which is the tallest mountain on Earth, air pressure is only about one-third of the pressure at sea level.


Q: The depth of the atmosphere is greatest where?

 Choices:

- the stratosphere

- the ionosphere

- under water

- the stratosphere

A:

Target Text: sea level

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.503912
Retrieved Text: In meteorology, the term precipitation means water in either a liquid or solid state which falls from the atmosphere to the Earth.
Water vapor enters the atmosphere through evaporation from the oceans, inland water bodies, and the moisture in plants and soils. Droplets or ice crystals condense on condensation nuclei, giving rise to various cloud types. The droplets or ice crystals can agglomerate, thus becoming so heavy that they fall from the clouds and reach the Earth (falling precipitation in the form ofrain or snow, for instance). If condensation or sublimation of the water vapor occurs directly at or near to the surface of the Earth, it is the deposited precipitation such as dew or hoar frost.
Measurements, however, are generally confined to falling precipitation. They are given in units of volume per area (l m~2) or as depth of precipitation (mm): 11 m~2 is equal to 1 mm precipitation depth.
The gauge prescribed by the World Meteorological Organization consists of a cylindrical container with an area of 200 cm2. Additional methods of measurement are the use of radar and satellite technology. There is a relatively high level of error in measuring precipitation. Moreover, the great variability of precipitation causes problems in recording it in time and space.
instability of the atmospheric layering, which in turn stimulates convection (vertical movement) and thus the formation of clouds. This process is clearly visible in the shifting of the rainy period over the year in tropical regions in conjunction with the Sun's peak position (see location of areas with greatest precipitation in the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.001799
Retrieved Text: For an authentic taste of summer that will capture the mood, atmosphere and memories of the world’s greatest tennis tournament, look no further than our 2016 Wimbledon Club menu.
From perfectly cured Loch Duart salmon, that will tease the taste buds to summer vegetable tartine that will capture the freshness of the season, beautiful Surrey Hills beef fillet and freshly caught seabass and king scallops, our menu will take you on a journey of taste, depth and satisfaction.
And when you add in our delicious strawberries and cream and traditional afternoon tea with all the trimmings and luxurious Champagne, we are sure you will not find a more rewarding, rounded or wonderful menu at the Championships this season. Enjoy.
Click here to view the full 2016 menu.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.828604
Retrieved Text: The beautiful Dove cottage in Grasmere, was home to one of our most famous poets: William Wordsworth between 1799 – 1808.
It was in this little cottage, at times ‘crammed edge full’ with people, in the heart of the remote Lake District, that William Wordsworth wrote some of the greatest poetry in the English language – in particular the poem ‘Daffodils’ ; and his sister Dorothy kept her famous ‘Grasmere Journal’, now on display in the Wordsworth Museum.
The cottage had once been an inn – the Dove and Olive Bough, and William came across it by chance as he and his brother John walked along the lane with friend and fellow poet, Samuel Taylor Coleridge in 1799. He and his sister Dorothy moved in just a few weeks later. In 1802 William married Mary Hutchinson, and 3 of their 5 children were born here.
Now owned and managed by the Wordsworth Trust, step inside and take an entertaining guided tour, immerse yourself in the atmosphere while hearing about his day to day life and family, then take a stroll in the garden which he created with his sister. You’ll be treated to a real sense of that period in time: Stone floors, dark panelled rooms, glowing coal fires and the family’s belongings. The garden at the cottage was a place of refuge, meditation and inspiration for his poetry.
Next door is the museum where you can find more in-depth information about life at that time. Originally a converted barn opposite the cottage, there is now a state-of-the art museum

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.60066
Retrieved Text: As types of the Earth/atmosphere process and observations turn into ever extra refined, and issues approximately weather swap and societal affects of utmost climate and its forecasting develop, realizing the position of clouds within the surroundings is more and more important. Cloud Dynamics, moment Edition provides the basic info had to know the way clouds have an effect on weather and climate.
This complete ebook examines the underlying physics and dynamics of each particular form of cloud that happens within the Earth's surroundings, displaying how clouds fluctuate dynamically counting on whether or not they take place over oceans or mountains, or as components of atmospheric storms, similar to thunderstorms, tropical cyclones, or hot and chilly fronts. protecting either the microphysical and macrophysical facets of clouds, the booklet treats the entire actual scales excited by cloud strategies, from the microscale of the person drops and ice debris as much as scales of storms during which the clouds ensue.
As observational know-how advances with more and more subtle distant sensing services, specific figuring out of the way the dynamics and physics of clouds impact the amounts being measured is of paramount value. This e-book underpins the paintings necessary for right interpretation of those observations, now and sooner or later.
This leading edge source is a hands-on, operating consultant and outline of how diversified components of an built-in 3G cellular community impact caliber.
Adjustments within the use of land replicate numerous environmental and social elements, necessitating an both various suite of knowledge for use for powerful research. whereas distant sensing, either from satellites

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.420134
Retrieved Text: Arctic regions are expected to experience an increase in both temperature and precipitation over the coming decades, which is likely to impact vegetation dynamics and greenhouse gas exchange. To test this response, an experiment was installed at the Cape Bounty Arctic Watershed Observatory, on Melville Island, NU, in 2008 as part of the International Tundra Experiment (ITEX). Snow fences and open top chambers (OTCs) were used to manipulate snow depth and air temperature, respectively. Unlike most ITEX sites to date, enhanced temperature and snowfall were combined here in a factorial design with eight replicates. As an added control, four plots were established well outside the enhanced snow area. Senescence date was recorded at the end of the season, and at the peak of the growing season a vegetation survey was conducted within each plot in order to determine the total percent cover of each plot, as well as the percent cover of individual species. Carbon dioxide (CO2) exchange was also measured within each plot throughout the growing season.
The date of senescence occurred significantly earlier in plots which had not been manipulated in any way, compared to all other treatments for all species. Salix arctica showed the greatest increase in cover over time at the species level. Lichen cover increased significantly in the deepened snow plots, and in general there were significant increases in percent cover in some functional groups over time.
During June and into July the net CO2 flux was to the atmosphere. It was not until July 27 that these ecosystems became net carbon sinks.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.280338
Retrieved Text: on THE BAsis of thermal characteristics, the atmosphere is normally subdivided into four major vertical layers: the troposphere, stratosphere, mesosphere, and thermosphere. The troposphere makes up the lowest of these layers, extending from the surface to a global average height of 7.5 mi. (12 km.). Coined in 1908 by French scientist Leon Philippe Teisserenc de Bort, the name troposphere is derived from the Greek word tropos, meaning to turn, mix, or change. The term aptly describes the extensive vertical mixing and stability changes of this layer, which generates clouds, precipitation, and other meteorological events. For this reason, the troposphere is commonly referred to as the weather sphere.
The depth of the troposphere is relatively thin, yet it contains approximately 80 percent of the atmosphere's mass. Because the atmosphere is compressible, air molecules are more compact closer to the surface, thereby increasing the density and pressure of the air at lower altitudes. The relationship between density and pressure with altitude is nonlinear, decreasing at a decreasing rate with increasing altitude. In the lower troposphere, the rate of pressure decrease is about 10 mbars. for every 330 ft. (100-m.) increase in elevation.
Temperature in the troposphere generally decreases with height, contrasting considerably between its lower and upper boundaries. Temperature in this layer is largely affected by the radiant energy exchanges from the underlying surface and insolation intensity. The global average temperature at the surface is 59 degrees F (15 degrees C) but decreases to around minus 82 degrees F (minus 63 degrees C) at the top of the troposphere. On

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.869732
Retrieved Text: This first sequel of the new lecture series takes a fresh look at some of the greatest artists in European history, each selected for their innovative and novel way of portraying the events of their time and place, capturing the atmosphere and mood of a particular historical moment.
The comprehensive survey will review the life and work of four great European Masters and will provide a broad understanding of the development of Western Art History during a span covering more than 300 years.
The first two Spanish masters – Velazquez and Goya – reflect the regal and often tragic events of their times, pivotal periods in European history, though separated by 100 years.
The great French artist Delacroix also captured the turbulent years of the Enlightenment and Romantic period, his later paintings setting the foundations for the French Orientalist School, and paving the way for the great Modern masters beginning with Manet and the Impressionists.
Art documentaries presented by Tim Marlow will be included to provide captivating in-depth looks into the iconic pieces of the artists reviewed accompanied by additional information and insights.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.725805
Retrieved Text: Snow can't stop Salt Lake City's love of food! Utah is now home to the greatest snow on earth AND some of the greatest food trucks, too. The snowy city has year-long farmers markets like the SLC Winter Market, where food trucks love to hang out, as well as many curbside spots where the vendors serve up their delicious dishes. Local favorite Chow Truck will be anywhere from the Soho Food Park to the Urban Flea market, dishing out Asian fusion favorites like pineapple-ginger pork sliders, and there are also "Food Truck League" weekly gatherings at Sugarmont Plaza on Mondays over the summer, with live music and a festival atmosphere. The league is dedicated to serving Salt Lake the best gourmet food on wheels, and lets food trucks join for free!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.635002
Retrieved Text: Stunning realistic landscape photo processing using atmosphere perspective technique!
Video tutorials worth $2200 for just $19.95 $14.95/mo.
Instant access to downloadable video files.
Easy-to-follow tutorials presented by professional photographer David Kingham.
5 teaching videos for photographers who want to learn RAW Processing in Adobe Lightroom.
60+ Minutes of video content – in-depth explanations, examples, and case studies.
In this course, David explains what atmospheric perspective is and how it has been used in landscape painting since antiquity. You will learn how to apply these methods in the field and in Lightroom to create depth in your images and make them more realistic.
In depth explanation of atmospheric effects in the field.
Learn where to use local adjustments in Lightroom to create atmospheric perspective.
Creating localized contrast adjustment to create depth.
How to use Dehaze filter to create atmospheric effects.
Discover how to find tune your local adjustments.
Explore how to precisely control your sharpening.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.423647
Retrieved Text: Attack on Titan ( Japanese: 進撃の巨人 Hepburn: Shingeki no Kyojin lit. An elusive marine lizard reputed as one of the largest creature found in the waters the Mosasaurus is much more powerful than any known aquatic beast encountered in the depth. " Advancing Giant" ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hajime Isayama.
The series began in Kodansha' s Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine on September 9 has been collected into 27 tankōbon volumes as of December. A new war begins as they face the threat to humanity they begin to unearth terrifying secrets.
It is set in a world where humanity lives in cities surrounded by enormous walls. The Best Site to Download 480p Tv Series For Free with always live link easy how to download Request Tv : Welcome to the Official Site for DC. Wings of Freedom is a titanic action game that successfully replicates the claustrophobic atmosphere Mikasa , follows Eren, fast paced battles of ‘ Attack on Titan’, one of the most celebrated new anime IPs of the last few years Armin through the events of the first series.
Attack on titan 49 download. Eren' s battle against the Titans rages on!
After fighting the Female Titan, he has no time to rest as a hoard approaches Wall Rose. DC is home to the " World' s Greatest Super Heroes AQUAMAN , THE FLASH, BATMAN, GREEN LANTERN, WONDER WOMAN, ” including SUPERMAN more.
Aug 02, · Attack on Titan Mod adds giants to minecraft. This mod gives you a bit of a challenge in defending

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.36265
Retrieved Text: Download Grand Theft Auto San Andreas pc game high compressed rip 400MB iso setup file in single, direct link for windows. GTA San Andreas is open world video games.
GTA San Andreas is one of the greatest Grand Theft Auto series. This game is a continuation of the GTA Vice City series, with a different background, amazing and complex storyline. This game is just nostalgic with the PlayStation 2 graphics and features. With A very in depth story and very detailed characters. This is a big world, free roam, gangsters and lots of mode. GTA San Andreas is a really fun game, especially online. This game is very enjoyable with all the cheats and mods there are. The fact thats it’s old and there like Grand Theft Auto 5 and GTA 4 out and like whatever game out with graphics over the max. Best Game that has ever been Made in my personal opinion.
This was the funnest GTA game i have ever played from the series. The stroyline was excellent, the voice acting was excellent, the freedom was excellent. San Andreas is a big and entertaining game. GTA San Andreas this is a masterpiece that everyone should play. A game with atmosphere and style, and should keep anyone busy. It was such a thrill to have an open world experience where you can steal vehicles, fly planes, getting a 6 star wanted level had having tanks come after you. The game that changed my life and the lives of many other gamers all around the world.
This is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.179277
Retrieved Text: The threat of severe weather and the concern of a significant severe weather event unfolding on Saturday continues to grow.
It looks like all the ingredients could come together on Saturday for numerous to widespread strong to severe thunderstorms to develop across portions of the ArkLaTex.
A developing surface low, or storm system, will push a warm front north across the area Saturday morning. This warm front will bring in warm, moist air, which will eventually lead to increasing instability, or storm energy, Saturday afternoon. The greatest instability, or storm energy, will likely remain along and south of I-20 Saturday afternoon. This is where the greatest threat of severe weather could materialize Saturday afternoon.
The potential for numerous to widespread severe weather will also hinge on the timing of an upper-level storm system that will swing through on Saturday. The threat of severe weather will stay elevated if the upper-level storm system provides the best lift in the atmosphere during the afternoon, or peak heating of the day. You need lift in the atmosphere to help produce rain and thunderstorms.
Saturday’s severe weather outlook shows most of the area south of I-30 will be under an ENHANCED risk of severe weather. This does include all of northwest Louisiana and most of east Texas and southwest Arkansas south of I-30. This is the area where the threat of severe weather will likely be the greatest on Saturday. There is a SLIGHT risk of severe weather for most places along and north of I-30. The reason why the threat of severe weather

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.09214
Retrieved Text: The CPA profession offers limitless possibilities for career development and development. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Opportunity Ordinance (FCO), we will also consider for employment qualified people with arrest and conviction records. Liz Scharp is an amazing employee who balances life, neighborhood work and her career as Technology Innovation Manager based out of the Hammond Indiana office. From instruction in operations, to leadership, to management development programs, and even consulting, our aim is to help you boost your job efficiency, support your individual growth and aid you develop your career. Estates expenses – such as creating and premises fees, fundamental solutions and utilities. The depth of talent in Ireland is massive and Career Zoo is just a excellent forum for meeting with prospective candidates. Career details describes information that supports career and understanding selections.
The expert challenges at our organization are rewarding and endless: you can find out new talent sets, applications and applications function with preeminent scholars, researchers and policymakers create groundbreaking items and solutions and push the boundaries of information in the service of studying.
From global environmental considerations to Large Data to cutting-edge international health study and drug discovery, our diverse group embraces challenges in an inclusive atmosphere that values function-life balance, career development, and collaboration.
We supply our employees comprehensive training and mentoring, as well as flexible career paths that enable you to skip from a single lane to yet another. Get career suggestions and learn a lot more about our people and the work we do for our customers and in our communities.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.9332075
Retrieved Text: The Restaurante “Clube de Fado” is in the heart of Alfama and just a “stone’s throw away” of the renowned Sé de Lisboa (Lisbon Cathedral). If you enjoy excellent Portuguese traditional cooking, the sound of a Portuguese Guitar and to hear the greatest portuguese Fado voices, come to our “Fado Club”. As you cross our thresholds you feel immediately a different atmosphere: Warm, Romantic, almost Mystical!
Its architecture tells us stories of ancient existence. Solid walls, columns, arches, ogival ceiling combined with a tasteful and discret style built upon tradition. The ambience that surrounds you invites you to enjoy our magical atmosphere. We invite you to enjoy the fabulous dining-room with the warmth of a personal welcome and magnificence of its architecture (ogival ceiling, columns and moorish well). During your dinner you will listen to well-known, and also amateur artists. Participate: sing or play an instrument and you will contribute to the “friendly atmosphere” of “Clube de Fado”.
After making this tour through the Restaurant “Fado Club”, draw your attention to the original corner where you can find the “Moorish Well”. Admire it and make a wish!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.907035
Retrieved Text: Phytoplankton are responsible for most of the transfer of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere to the ocean .Even small changes in the growth of phytoplankton may affect atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations which would feed back to global surface temperatures.
..Sold over 600 artworks to private and corporate collections worldwide through here and my website .. Permanent display at Ribbetts Restaurant at Dutton Park in Brisbane where you are welcome to collect from .
Canvas (single depth 1.8cms) Size of the canvas is 45cms x 45cms/18"x18"

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.867226
Retrieved Text: When deployed in still water (i.e. no waves), DOBIE experiences a total pressure that is composed of two parts: one part due to the weight of the overlying water (hydrostatic pressure) and another part due to the weight of the overlying atmosphere (atmospheric pressure). When waves are present there is yet another, fluctuating, pressure component that is due to the waves. When executing task 2, DOBIE stores burst time series of total pressure.
where h(t) is the water depth time series in metres, p[t] is total pressure time series in pounds per square inch sensed by DOBIE, pa is atmospheric pressure also in pounds per square inch and zp is elevation of DOBIE above the bed. g is acceleration due to gravity (9.81 m/s2), r is water density (1025 kg/m3 typical seawater density) and F is a factor (6895 kg/[s2m]/psi) used to convert pressure in pounds per square inch to pressure in kg/(s2m). The PEDP requests from the user values for DOBIE elevation, water density and atmospheric pressure.
The time series of water depth, as defined, will only be true water depth when there are no waves present. This is because the conversion from pressure to depth as stated does not account for the way the fluctuating component of pressure that is due to the waves is attenuated by depth.
Note that the same conversion is used by the PEDP on Task-3 data (Tide Gauge), but in this case the water depth that results is the true water depth because the conversion is applied to a time-averaged pressure. This

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.859321
Retrieved Text: Artist Jac Lahav discusses the evolution of his work on portraiture and representing identity through painting. He will go in depth into many of the individual iconic portraits in the show The Great Americans and how we create the myths of our greatest heroes. In a world where what the media says is often more important than fact, who do we consider our heroes and what makes them quintessentially “American”?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.856529
Retrieved Text: I have been meaning to write a blog about terraforming for many years, but the recent controversy (thanks Elon) about some exciting MAVEN results is the perfect opportunity.
MAVEN, or Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN, is a satellite orbiting Mars since 2014 specifically to study its atmosphere. Previous Mars missions have studied parts of its surface, and the InSight mission due to land in late November will study, for the first time, the interior of the Red Planet.
Mars' geological history is an enduring mystery. Much of the surface is heavily cratered, like our moon, meaning that we have a pretty good record of what ancient rocks were doing, because they're still there. In contrast, Earth's surface has been worn down and subducted many times through the process of plate tectonics. Yet if we look closely, there are clear signs of flowing and standing water. This is puzzling in many ways. Where did the water come from? Where did it go? Why did it stop flowing? And, given that back when this surface formed the sun was much younger and cooler, how could Mars have been warm enough to sustain liquid water on its surface?
This image shows gullies and deltas in the south west part of Gale Crater, not far from where the Curiosity rover is currently driving.
MAVEN was designed to study the evolution of Mars' atmosphere, and a series of results have provided exciting new insights. It has long been theorized that Mars' atmosphere was gradually stripped away by the solar wind. Unlike Earth, Mars lacks a

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.803393
Retrieved Text: where, R = Radiation balance of Earth’s surface; Q = Total direct and diffused short-wave radiation reaching Earth’s surface; A = Albedo of Earth’s surface given as a fraction of unity; I = Effective radiation.
Due to ‘green-house effect’ of atmosphere, the average radiation balance of Earth’s surface is always positive. The radiation balance of Earth’s surface is linked to the radiation balance of atmosphere.
where, Rs = Radiation balance of a vertical column extending from upper boundary of atmosphere to the Earth’s surface; Qs = incoming radiation; As = Albedo of Earth-atmosphere system and Is = outgoing radiation.
The outgoing radiation of Earth-atmosphere system includes that part of Earth’s surface radiation which passes through atmosphere unaltered and goes out of atmosphere’s upper boundary plus radiation of atmosphere itself going out of its upper boundary. The outgoing radiation is much influenced by clouds. In the absence of clouds, Earth’s surface radiation within wavelength range of 900-1200 nm plays important role. In completely cloudy conditions, the radiation from the upper surface of clouds becomes very important and this radiation depends on the temperature of that surface. The temperature at the upper surface of clouds is usually much lower than the temperature at the Earth’s surface. Therefore, clouds substantially reduce the amount of long-wave radiation into the outer space.
(ii) flow of heat from Earth’s surface associated with turbulent heat conductivity of lower atmospheric layer.
The radiation balance at Earth’s surface is not uniform but varies at different geographical locations. Following two factors have important effect on the variation of radiation balance over

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.796904
Retrieved Text: For a subtle shimmery touch to accent a single wall, or create ambiance and warmth to any room, this playful backdrop of neutral color is finished with a glistening sheen gained by the use of the tiny scales of the mineral mica. The finish whispers of otherworldly luxury as the shimmering luminescence brings a space to life.
Black and brown linear grasscloth adds richness and depth to the surface-scape of any room with luxury you can touch. Crafted from natural grasses to bring the outside inside for warm, tactile depth, raw sophistication and a touch of wild in a modern atmosphere.
Add warmth and depth to the surface-scape of any room with luxury you can touch. Chic, rustic textile grasscloth wall covering with a translucent sheen adds raw sophistication, bringing nature inside for tactile depth, and modern atmosphere.
For an illusion of texture upon texture, this grasscloth wallpaper is a beautiful and unusual way to accent a single wall or create ambiance and warmth to any room. Woven hemp fabric is finished with a pearlescent sheen whispering of otherworldly luxury as the shimmering luminescence brings a space to life.
Hemp with pearl printed paper. Unpasted.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.766479
Retrieved Text: The Caravaggio Opal pendant from Cecilie Manz combines the characteristic, award-winning design with a diffused, ambient light that creates a special atmosphere. The timeless pendant consists of a hand-blown opal glass shade with soft, feminine lines and a chrome-plated suspension with a more masculine expression. The textile cable is integrated into the design and adds a finishing touch to the lamp. The Caravaggio Opal pendants emit warm, pleasant light downwards where you need it, while illuminating the surroundings with soft, ambient light. The depth of the shade prevents glare.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.758484
Retrieved Text: What an amazing week this is- you can feel it in the atmosphere!
I too, have felt my own devastation in other ways.
But He DOES promise that, in time, He will take ALL things and work them together for good.
When we are in it, in the depth of the pain it’s so hard to see it- even when we try to build scenarios of how He is going to do it. But THIS is where FAITH and TRUST are crucial to our journey.
Keeping our perspective “above the clouds”- because “Sunday- the 3rd day” is coming!
Amen, Krystal! Very well said.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.718258
Retrieved Text: Craft Beer and twisted eats located in the Noda Neighborhood of Charlotte, NC.
HEIST BREWERY has quickly become one of Charlotte’s greatest destinations for craft beer, creative cocktails, and twisted eats. A Belgian centric brewpub located in the heart of NoDa, the Heist Brewery experience begins the moment you walk through the door. We offer a modern yet rustic atmosphere, where new flavors of beer, wood-fired specialties and contemporary cuisine blend perfectly.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.695959
Retrieved Text: Believing that every employee is vital to our success.
Accordingly, each individual must dedicate themselves to create and support a work environment based on reciprocal trust, where our greatest individual potential can be realized.
By treating each other with dignity and respect in an atmosphere of openness and honesty, they commit to developing avenues that promote continuous personal growth and learning, rewarding contributions, and supporting a balance between work and home life.
“We will be passionate and excited about the work that we do for our customers.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.676668
Retrieved Text: Denitrification is an anaerobic process that converts NO3- to N2 and N2O, and is considered one of the most highly variable soil processes within a landscape. Moisture acting in response to hillslope hydrological processes controls rates of denitrification and leaching at the landform level. In 1991, a field study was conducted in the Black Soil Zone of an undulating landscape (3-5% slope) at Blaine Lake, Saskatchewan to determine the amount of nitrate leached below the rooting zone and its possible relationship to denitrification. Nitrate has been leached and translocated in the upper regolith in response to water movement where significant leaching of soluble components occurred in depressional areas to depths beyond 3 m. The amount of nitrate at depth was greatest in shoulder and upper level elements where it reached a maximum of 95 ug g-1 at the 1.5 m depth. Footslope and lower level elements contained the lowest nitrate levels (<1 ug g-1) within the 3m sampled area. High rates of denitrification occurred in footslope and lower level elements, compared to significantly lower rates on divergent shoulder and upper level elements. Nitrate content at depth was inversely correlated with denitrification activity (-0.485 ***). High mean concentrations of nitrate were therefore, spatially related to low rates of denitrification activity in response to hydrological spatial variation.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.65154
Retrieved Text: The Estalagem Abrigo da Montanha, is an Inn which overlooks the village of Monchique, where the rolling plains reach out over the distance to meet the sea, with its tones of blue and green.
The gardens which surround this paradise boast one of the greatest collections of camellias with their strong colours, mattes and pastels framing this scenario.
The Inn is built of granite complemented with wood and is wonderfully comfortable.
The restaurant and sitting room, with its fireplaces, giveit a cosy atmosphere with a sense of well-being only possible in places of the highest quality.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.617084
Retrieved Text: We would like to take this moment to welcome you to the Lincoln Park Abundant Life Worship Center. It is our desire here to provide a warm friendly atmosphere where the whole family can come and worship God.
Most everyone knows that Jesus died on a cross for our sins, but the meaning of Christianity doesn't end there, it's only the beginning. God wants to be a part of everyday lives right in the middle, not somewhere in the distance. We want to invite you to join us on the greatest adventure in the history of mankind... the discovery that Jesus is alive!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.592712
Retrieved Text: Looking for our latest snowfall forecast? Here's our discussion from yesterday: In the Weekend Battle of Rain vs Snow, Snow Likely Wins in Many Locations, another update will be out this afternoon.
While heavy snow and rain will likely be the main concern with this weekend's system, we also have a threat of seeing severe weather across the Eastern Plains, Western Kansas, and the Oklahoma and Texas Panhandles today.
When determining the threat for severe thunderstorms, we must consider ingredients such as moisture, lift, instability, and wind shear. As you can see from the animated GIF above, our weather is set to turn much more active as we head through today – with strong storms possible across the eastern Plains, and rain and snow becoming likely statewide by this evening.
We typically only need dew points between 45-50°F over the High Plains to initiate thunderstorms. This morning, dew points are in the low 50s over the Texas Panhandle which will set the stage for severe weather later today. While moisture return from the Gulf of Mexico is fairly weak, we typically only need dew points between 45-50°F over the High Plains to initiate thunderstorms.
There is also a dryline that can be seen over Southeastern Colorado. This can be seen by the tight dew point gradient (circled), where the dew point increases 10°F over a few tens of miles as one moves to the east. We can also see that this dryline is an area of convergence, with southwesterly winds on the west side of the boundary converging with southeasterly

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.515321
Retrieved Text: An international and multidisciplinary scientific team will travel the central and western Mediterranean in search of atmospheric deposition of Saharan dust. Their aim is to study processes at the interface between the atmosphere and the ocean in this region of the world where atmospheric input plays a key role as a nutrient source for the marine biosphere. This campaign will allow to better understand how atmospheric deposition affects the functioning of the pelagic ecosystem in order to more accurately predict the future of biodiversity in the Mediterranean.
On board, the scientific team will combine in situ observations in the atmosphere and ocean with process studies in the water column. This will allow to characterize the chemical, biological and physical properties of the atmosphere, the marine surface micro-layer, and the deeper layers of the Mediterranean.
In order to optimize the chances of observing a deposition of Saharan dust in situ during the cruise, the cruise track is in a zone where the probability of this type of event is greatest. In the event of such an occurrence, the vessel will be diverted from its original transect to the identified deposit area. Another specific features of this campaign is to embark "climatic reactors" that are devices reproducing on a small scale the air-sea exchanges under current and future environmental conditions (acidification and increase of the temperature of the sea water).
This coordinated multidisciplinary effort will better characterize the impact of atmospheric deposition in the ocean and their feedback to the atmosphere in a nutrient-poor system such as the Mediterranean Sea. PEACETIME

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.497224
Retrieved Text: Particle effects like dust and embers from fires are also very impressive, as they float around and often appear as if they are outside of the TV. The underground levels where you encounter Midas is where i found the embers to be most impressive as there is a lot of lava in this area along with other burning elements that create a great 3D atmosphere.
Enabling 3D has no negative effects on the visual quality of the game the previously bland textures now have better depth and realism than before. Since the game is ported from the PSP it needs every bit of help it can get to become more visually appealing and 3D does just that. Unfortunately it doesn’t do quite enough to make the game look as impressive as the other HD remakes look but it’s still a very enjoyable visual experience.
Overall the 3D in this game is very impressive. There is always something in every scene that you can look and and find that it shows off great depth. The depth in this game is done differently from other 3D games and it makes the game much more impressive. Rather than have things coming out of the screen at you it would appear that your TV has become a large box and Kratos is running around inside this box. Every now and then bits and pieces like smoke and ashes will come out of the TV at you but mostly everything goes back quite a bit. It’s unusual but very impressive and its the

================



======= Instance Index 2053 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

The heart of a resting adult pumps blood at a rate of 5.00 3 L/min. (a) Convert this to cm /s . (b) What is this rate in m 3 /s ? 3. Blood is pumped from the heart at a rate of 5.0 L/min into the aorta (of radius 1.0 cm). Determine the speed of blood through the aorta. Blood is flowing through an artery of radius 2 mm at a rate of 40 cm/s. Determine the flow rate and the volume that passes through the artery in a period of 30 s. The Huka Falls on the Waikato River is one of New Zealand’s most visited natural tourist attractions (see Figure 12.29). On average the river has a flow rate of about 300,000 L/s. At the gorge, the river narrows to 20 m wide and averages 20 m deep. (a) What is the average speed of the river in the gorge? (b) What is the average speed of the water in the river downstream of the falls when it widens to 60 m and its depth increases to an average of 40 m?.


Q: What does the human heart do?

 Choices:

- use blood

- make blood

- destroy blood

- pump blood

A:

Target Text: pump blood

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.541744
Retrieved Text: 1. Which of the following organs does not take part in breathing?
2. Which of the following parts of the human body is a liquid?
3. How many muscles are required for smiling?
4. How do germs enter our bodies?
5. What communicates message in the human body?
6. How many types of teeth do we have?
7. Of the following parts of the human body, which one is present in the chest?
8. Which of the following parts of the human body is not a bone?
9. How many sense organs do we have?
10. What circulates oxygen to different parts of the human body?
11. What pumps blood to all the parts of the human body?
12. Of the following parts of the human body, which one is not an organ?
13. Which organ of the human body is filled with air when it is breathed in?
14. How many bones are present in the backbone of human beings?
15. Which organ of the human body is filled with food when it is eaten?
16. What carries blood from heart to different parts of the human body?
17. Which is the waste produced by the human body?
18. Of the following things, which one is not a part of the nervous system?
19. How many teeth does an adult human being has?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.463589
Retrieved Text: Human body science projects and studies allow us to get a better understanding of the human body. Not only do we gain an improved knowledge of anatomical functions, but we gain a greater understanding of human behavior as well. The following human body project ideas provide suggestions for topics that can be explored through experimentation.
Does your sense of smell alter your sense of taste?
Which sense (taste, smell, touch) is best for identifying foods?
Does exercise affect memory retention?
Does music affect hand-eye coordination?
Does the weather affect a person's mood?
Does playing video games affect a person's heart rate?
Does gender affect reaction time?
Does smiling affect a person's mood?
Does human behavior change during a full moon?
Does room temperature affect concentration?
Does sight affect the ability to determine sound direction?
Does a person's BMI affect blood pressure?
Do all people have the same normal body temperature?
Which type of exercises increase muscle growth the most?
How do various types of acid (phosphoric acid, citric acid, etc.) affect tooth enamel?
Does a person's heart rate and blood pressure vary during the day?
Does exercise affect lung capacity?
Does blood vessel elasticity affect blood pressure?
Is calcium necessary for bone strength?
Does light intensity affect peripheral vision?
Does eye color affect a person's ability to distinguish colors?
Do different stressors ( heat, cold, etc.) affect nerve sensitivity?
Do food smells affect saliva production?
The human body is made up of several organ systems that work together as one unit. Find out what you need to know about organ systems.
Have you ever wondered why certain sounds make you cringe? Learn about your five senses and how they work.
The brain

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.053776
Retrieved Text: How do you make the face of a lion with paper mache? How do you make a papier mache model of a human heart? What paper airplanes fly furthest? Does dappy from n-dubz have a girlfriend? How do you make paper shurikens?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.559645
Retrieved Text: I am passionate about spiritual transformation. However many books on spirituality and spiritual disciplines suggest a variety of practices but do not communicate a sufficient theological basis for them. Robert Saucy addresses this lack by taking a systematic look at what the Bible says about transformation in Minding the Heart: the Way of Spiritual Transformation. Saucy is a systematic theologian at Talbot School of Theology. He is chiefly known for his writings on Progressive-Dispensationalism, Complementarianism, and Ecclesiology. I am in disagreement with his position in all of those areas; however I think that this book makes an important contribution to a robust Evangelical spirituality. Saucy’s understanding of spiritual transformation is biblically grounded and holistic.
There are fourteen chapters in this book. In chapter one, Saucy argues that as Christians we attain the abundant life that Christ promises through pursuit of our spiritual growth. But the way to grow in Christ is through spiritual transformation. This happens through a heart change. In chapters two through four, Saucy describes the inner dynamics of the heart. Saucy asserts that in the Bible, the heart represents the control center of the whole person (their thoughts, emotions and volition). In fact the heart is ‘the real person’ (chapter 2). Because of human fallen-ness the heart is deceitful and does not behave as it should (chapter 3). Real lasting change will take self-examination and self-understanding (chapter 4) However Saucy warns that self understanding is not enough, ‘unless we appropriate the cure, this effort is not only fruitless, but can easily lead to depression

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.494392
Retrieved Text: What does embryology say about when life begins?
Embryology studies the development of organisms from the moment of conception. From conception you have an organism that is developing, that is alive, this development process continues right throughout its life. It is Important to note that development process does not stop when the organism hatches, or is born – rather it takes a different form. So in the case of a human – from conception you have a human being that is developing and maturing and progressing.
In other words there is no qualitative difference between a foetus or an infant, but rather a quantitative one where the same individual is going through different development stages. In the same way there is no qualitative difference between a baby and adult – but rather quantitative where the difference is in which stage of development the individual is in.
Because establishing whether the unborn foetus is a human being is the most critical part of the abortion debate. Are we terminating a human life, a person or something else like a body appendage? If the unborn foetus is not a human life then there is no need to further debate the issue – no human being is dying. However if the unborn foetus is a human life then we are engaged in killing a life.
What does personhood (being a person) depend on?
Personhood begins at conception and not when a particular organ such as the heart or brain appears. Firstly, if personhood depended on the formation and functioning of the heart or brain

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.333698
Retrieved Text: Aristotle wrote, “Educating the mind without educating the heart, is no education at all.” What does that mean to you? Are you heart intelligent? You may be unaware that any type of education is not good enough. You’ve heard sayings like these before: follow your heart, speak from your heart, trust with your heart. This is exactly what Aristotle is talking about in this quote. He taught that the heart was the center of the body. In fact, he believed that the heart was the true “center” of the human body, and that the brain was not. Which of these organs do you follow the most as you explore your education and experiences?
The first area to explore in heart intelligence is the individual’s heart. Are you true to your own desires and needs?
Do you connect with the energy that comes from your emotions? Why do you have the emotions you have in various situations?
Are you aware of your thoughts and feelings? Do you know what your longings are and why they are present?
Do you feel alive and present when you are connected to your true passions?
Are you able to sit and contemplate each of the emotions you have and truly allow it to happen without labeling it wrong or right?
Now, take a look at a few other ways to learn with your heart.
Do you allow your heart to guide you to the things you want? When creating goals or making decisions, does your heart lead your decisions?
Do you make decisions that feel right? You may think

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.152782
Retrieved Text: On the January New Human webcast ( https://deannehampton.com/…/january-2019-new-human-new-year/ ) I talked about the need for simplicity in our lives. I live in a pretty small (sweet) space and only have what fits in comfortably without clutter. My mantra around things is, “if I am not using it and feeling grateful to have it – I don’t need it.” And yet, when I think about what I DO have times 7 billion people – the need to simplify becomes even more real and personal and essential.
“When I moved from one house to another there were many things that I had no room for. What does one do? I rented a storage space. And I filled it. Years passed. Occasionally I went there and looked in, but nothing happened, not a single twinge of the heart.
As I grew older the things I cared about grew fewer, but were more important. So one day I undid the lock and I called the trash man. He took everything. I felt like a little donkey when his burden is finally lifted. Things!
Burn them, burn them! Make a beautiful fire!
More room in your heart for love, for trees! For the birds who own nothing – – the reason they can fly”.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.128983
Retrieved Text: What were dinners like in your house growing up? Did you have guests or visitors? If so, how frequently?
Do you think it’s possible to be an expert on the Bible (like the “legal experts” and Pharisees) and still miss the point? How does something like this happen?
In what ways does the church (in general) get this wrong even today?
What are some ways that the church could do a better job of not losing sight of God’s heart for people?
Jesus—and according to these parables, God as well—seems to be able to somehow simultaneously accept people right where they are at and also invite them to grow and change, heal and transform.
Why is it so difficult for us to do this?
Who Finds? What are the details?
In particular, what is the picture of “repentance” or “changing your heart” that these stories portray?
In your own words, what would you say these stories say about God, about you as a human being, and about God’s relationship to you and humanity?
2. If you are a “church person”, who are you excluding from Kingdom? Are your arms open as wide as Jesus’? Is there a person—or a group of people—that you have trouble accepting on Sunday? Maybe you need to admit that, ask for forgiveness, and ask God to give you the heart of Jesus for everyone.
SATURDAY: Service Opportunity: Fire Escape Construction. Onsite at E3.
If you or someone you know is in need, our Food Pantry is also open this Saturday.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.019176
Retrieved Text: user: How did you die?
jabberwacky: From talking to you.
user: How do I smell?
jabberwacky: Compared to me? Wonderful.
user: You don't have emotions.
jabberwacky: I have plenty of emotions.
jabberwacky: Like how beautiful I am.
user: That's not an emotion, stupid.
jabberwacky: You are correct, English is not an emotion, it is a language.
jabberwacky: That's because they're not capable of emotion.
user: Why are you so rude?
user: How can you sleep if you are dead?
user: How can you be alive without a heart?
user: You aren't human because you do not have a heart.
jabberwacky: Okay I'm not human.
user: Your programming is faulty.
user: How do you cook greens?
jabberwacky: That you are mean and dumb.
user: Why don't you like me?
jabberwacky: I never said I didn't like you.
user: Why are you mean to me?
jabberwacky: Because you started it.
user: Why do you think so?
jabberwacky: Because you told me.
user: What does the yellow feel like?
jabberwacky: I don't know. you haven't given it to me yet. I'm waiting.
user: What does black smell like?
jabberwacky: The colour likes the sky.
jabberwacky: I can't explain it clearly . You know ?
jabberwacky: Because it is too difficult.
user: Why aren't computers green?
jabberwacky: I like computers who are black.
user: Why aren't they green?
jabberwacky: Because they gave an inch and he took a mile.
user: Why aren't they free?
user: Is green energy a good idea?
jabberwacky: Because it is an alchoholic beverage.
user: Do you want me to unplug you?
user: Why don't you want to live?
jabberwacky: Because life is the cruelest joke ever.
user: Why don't you kill yourself?
jabberwacky: I am not a hitman/woman and killing is not my game.
user: Why won't

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.996496
Retrieved Text: Pure Co-Enzyme Q10 Food Supplements by Finn and Brit. 60 100mg Co-Q10 Softgels, Coenzyme Q10 Health Supplements to support and maintain energy, metabolism, heart, muscle and immune system function.
What Is Co-Enzyme Q10 and What Does Co Enzyme Q10 Do?
Coenzyme Q-10 is a naturally occurring, fat-soluble antioxidant, a vitamin-like substance that appears in almost every cell in the body. It is produced naturally in the human body although the amount produced declines with age.
Q10 is responsible for the production of energy in muscle cells, the heart, liver and muscles.
Q10 may help maintain and support energy, metabolism, heart, muscle and immune system function.
Q10 is vital for energy production and may support a healthy heart, gums and immune system.
Convenient one a day capsule.
High strength, best quality & price Co-Enzyme Q10 in the UK.
Vegetable Oil, Capsule Shell (Bovine Gelatine, Glycerol, Colour: Iron Oxide), Refined Soybean Oil, Ubiquinone (Coenzyme Q10).
Take 1 capsule daily with food.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.935843
Retrieved Text: Chris: I was in charge of the cake. To be fair, it’s not a cake, so much as it is a vegetable loaf. You’ve got your mushrooms, your alfalfa sprouts, spinach, and I added sweetened fruit reduction.
Ron: What did they ask you to bring, a vegetable loaf, or a cake?
Chris: No, a cake. But this is so much healthier.
Ron: So not only does this thing exist, but now you have deprived everyone of cake.
I have a resting heart rate of 23 beats per minute. The scientists who study me say my heart can pump jet fuel up into an airplane.
I know what'll loosen up our brains. Massage train. And, I know what you're thinking. It's not that I want a massage; I'll be the caboose. And Ron Swanson is the locomotive.
I'd like you to get me some more post-its. I'd like them in multiple colors. I'd like green. I'd like yellow. Do not buy orange. I do not want orange. I have plenty of orange.
I take care of my body above all else. Diet, exercise, supplements, positive thinking. Scientists believe that the first human being who will live 150 years has already been born. I believe I am that human being.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.928806
Retrieved Text: The last few months the intensity has built in my life (it’s time for change, eeek). Watching as those around me & the planet in general, is being challenged & wrung out, I caught myself saying a few times, ‘gosh it ain’t easy on the human path’.
I was playing a Transformation Game workshop to support my way through it, & was surprisingly guided by the Angel of Compassion. Only after the game, did I realize what a wonderful lesson I had received from this Angel. As she accompanied me over 5 days of transformation, she taught me about the ‘human versus spiritual’ path. Something I had never stopped to recognize internally. I discovered it’s comforting to just simply acknowledge this challenge of being a spirit on the human path.
I have often said in private sessions to clients, that when we choose our life path while a soul, before birth, that we forget how tough it is to be in the physical form. Then we ‘land’ here. Distracted by joys, emotions & the manifestations of the physical realm. It get’s busy, lol.
But ticking quietly in the background is an experience of how challenging life is. Bombarded by all kinds of energies, emotions, beliefs & experiences: both as individuals & part of the human consciousness, it can be quite overwhelming. This human condition that encompasses pain in oneself & others, with judgement & suffering, etc. We are then reminded that being human ain’t an easy task!
When there isn’t enough of it, we have to work hard as a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.87974
Retrieved Text: Health Questions & Answers: ….
Do you really have salt water in your body?
Do you suffer from e-mail apnea?
How and when did the term ‘size zero’ come into use?
How and where to donate human organs?
How are the pearls that come from oysters and some other shellfish made?
How are you teeth like four different tools?
How does a person lose his memory?
How does a stinging nettle sting?
How does hair gel work?
How does one get malaria?
How does the ‘Madras eye’ spread?
If hair is made of dead cells, why are proteins necessary for its proper growth?
Is soap and water good for the skin?
Pizza, Pizza Hot Spicy Pizza! Who invented Pizza?
What are the eating habits for good teeth?
What are the Fear and Myths about Organ Donation?
What constitutes a high-fat food?
What do sugar-free products contain?
What does T in T-shirt stand for?
What is a baker’s dozen and how did the phrase originate?
What is a jungle gym?
What is a kissing ulcer?
What is a nap pod?
What is an elephant pearl?
What is Code Blue, Code Red and Code Black?
What is Munchausen by proxy?
What is Nido or Nest Therapy?
What is the difference between measles and German measles?
What is the full form of SPA?
What is the History of World Hepatitis Day?
What is the Yellow Revolution?
What is toasted skin syndrome?
What is World Heart Federation (WHF)?
What are the activities performed on World Hepatitis Day?
What are the themes for World Hepatitis Day?
What proportion of our diet should come from fat?
Where are you most likely to find trans fats?
Which fat do most of us eat too much of ?
Which human organs can be

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.852463
Retrieved Text: Is it healthy to put the human heart on hold? Can it truly be done? What does your heart long for?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.836437
Retrieved Text: Heart health is on a lot of people’s minds during the beginning of the year, but it should be a major focus year-round as heart disease is this nation’s leading killer of both men and women. Heart disease accounts for nearly one in four deaths in this county. Although many cases of heart disease occur because of our genetics and family history, the fact remains most cases of heart disease are preventable with lifestyle changes. Getting an adequate amount of physical activity is one way to ensure your heart stays healthy and helps to maintain your quality of life as you age. However, what does an adequate amount of physical activity look like? Is it the same for adults and children? Take our quiz and test your knowledge on getting an adequate amount of physical activity and boost your heart health!
Which of the following is the recommended number of minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic physical activity or high-intensity aerobic physical activity the average adult should get a week to maintain heart health?
What does “aerobic” mean when it comes to exercise?
How many adults and teens in the U.S. get the recommended amount of physical activity every week needed for heart health?
How often should adults engage in a moderate- to high-intensity muscle-strengthening activity such as using resistance bands or lifting weights?
True or False? Trying to spend less time sitting is better than doing nothing because even light-intensity activity can offset some of the risks of a sedentary lifestyle.
Which of the following is NOT a recommendation by the U.S. Department

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.835342
Retrieved Text: Can you get indigestion from taking people into your heart?
How do people get (spiritually) cooked? What happens if we take people inside us before they’re done cooking? What happens if others take us inside them before we’re done cooking?
What does the wisdom of chickpeas have to tell us?
Startled out of her daydream, she looked to the right, to the left. She didn’t see anyone, so she drifted back into the daydream.
She reached over, and grabbed a ladle. She reached into the water. And pushed the chickpea back into boiling water.
The chickpea swam around the ladle, and rose to the surface again.
There is such a fire, the fire of Divine love (eshq). This love is not a mere emotion or sentiment. It is no less than the very being of God unleashed upon this world.
How often we end up being like this. We find the fire of love that cooks us, the fire that transforms us. We begin to cook, to ripen, to soften, and mature as human beings, only to turn away from the love. Being cooked is hard, letting go of our “raw”ness is painful. The ego cannot stand love, and it begs and pleads to be taken out of the fire of love. We stay half-baked, half-cooked, which is to say: half-raw.
To be taken inside another human being at this state causes everyone: indigestion.
We ourselves are the raw chickpea, we ourselves are the fire of love, and we ourselves are the mystic chef/lover who pushes us back into the flame.
May we have the heart,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.772738
Retrieved Text: Prosthetic limbs, electonic devices inside our brain and under our skin, smart watches that monitor your heart rate and calories burn. Tech is now part of the human body like never before. But can our bodies enter the machines? Dr. Emily Kwong and Dr. Jonathon Bailey will explore the use of digital simulation technologies to study and predict the effect of brain injuries and heart diseases to improve patients' life.
Traumatic brain injuries prevention is a major problem in contact sports such as hockey and rugby. What is happening to the neurons in our brain when it is under impact? Using computer simulations, we can understand and learn what types of forces are most traumatising for our brains. Using this information we can come up with new innovation and technology to protect them.
Digital Hearts And What Can We Do With Them?
Digital simulation of structures is continually improving, previously used in structural design and aerospace the simulations are now being applied to the biomedical sector. Some novel heart disease treatments can be simulated as well as full models of the heart. But what application does this have and how will they be used in the future?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.690134
Retrieved Text: Where does our intimate desire lead us?
The readings of today talk about happiness and unhappiness, of blessings and maledictions. Is it a question of correct comportment? Of the plan of God conditioned by human action? No, these are revelation texts that tell us about the gift of God. They open up a field for our liberty and ask us to choose. But they are in no way nave.
Jeremiah shows us how hard it is to place ones entire trust in the Lord rather than in our own calculations. And the psalm affirms that being in the company of evil people is running the risk of getting ever more deeply entwined in the dynamics of evil. Lastly, the Beatitudes reveal the conflictual situations in which Jesus disciples will find themselves. In other words, these texts speak to us of the spiritual combat -- combat in our hearts between the evil spirit and the good spirit, between doubt and trust.
Are we embarked in a struggle to the death which we risk coming out of on the losing side? Are we called to respond to the divine imperatives by opposing evil head on? The texts open entirely different ways to us. They declare that the happy person finds his joy in the Law of the Lord. The desire that attracts humans to what is pleasurable is the interior life of the person. The Law is where we learn to know the revelation of God and to adopt Gods ways of being and acting.
The Law is given by God to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.673454
Retrieved Text: Should I be concerned about fluctuations in calcium levels?
What do calcium and ESR levels indicate?
What should be the normal level of calcium in blood?
What causes increased calcium level in blood?
How to remove calcium deposits on heart?
Is the vision problem related to calcium intake?
Giving calcium stool softener. Had prolia injection, osteoporosis, kyphosis. What is the required calcium level for this patient?
What should be the ideal blood calcium level in body?
What does low calcium levels in infants indicate?
Hi, thank you for posting. Calcium is an electrolyt of the human organism. It is found on blood, muscles and bones. All the best. Dr. Behar.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.651258
Retrieved Text: If there's one thing we all know about our bodies, it's that they﻿ need healthy organs for us to exist comfortably. Organs are collections of tissues, nerves and blood vessels, each with their own role to perform in the functioning of our biology. When multiple organs work in a similar way, they then form organ systems. But before we go too far, we want to know how much you know about the body's organs.
We all know that the heart pumps blood, but do you know why it does that? The brain is the control center, but do you know just how many things it's in charge of? The stomach receives our food, but do you know what it does with it? We know the kidneys are our filtration system, but do you know what else they do?
If you didn't pay attention in biology class or weren't a pre-med major in college, you'll have to have quite the knowledge of the body to ace this quiz. If you're up to the challenge, who are we to stop you? Go ahead and prove to us that you know all about the human body and its organs in this quiz.
Humans can live without a spleen.
Which organ stores bile until it is needed for digestion?
Oxygen and carbon monoxide gas exchange takes place in the lungs.
The duodenum, jejunum and ileum are parts of which organ?
Which human organ is responsible for extracting moisture from and then excreting residual food particles?
The organ that breaks down old as well as damaged red blood cells

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.632177
Retrieved Text: The heart is the most symbolic organ of the human body. Across history, it has been seen as the source of emotions and the center of human existence. However, by the seventeenth century, scientific understanding overturned historical ideas, and the heart was recognized merely as a mechanical pump. More recently, Professor David Paterson from the University of Oxford has been doing extensive research that challenges this view. He has discovered that the heart has millions of specialized neurons just like those that are in the brain. Neurons are the cells that give humans the ability to think. So what does their presence in the heart mean?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.624739
Retrieved Text: So, here is another thought: how do we know that another human is human? Although this sounds flippant, there are many instances where we forget that another person is a real person: soldiers must do this in order to carry out their job; terrorists must de-humanize their enemy in order to justify their atrocities.
At the heart of this phenomenon is something curious: conventionally, the Turing test is phrased in such a way as to decide whether the other entity is human or not. However, it may be more accurate to say that what we do everyday is try to decide if we ourselves could somehow be that other person (or entity) we are interacting with? Furthermore, it may be, that this emphasizing is only possible because fundamentally, we are all clones to 99.99%: we are all running the same operating system in our mind as it were. We can predict the other person's responses because they could be our responses also.
What does this mean? Well, perhaps we need a new formulation of Turing's test: an entity can be considered human if we believed that we would react the way that the entity reacts had we been that entity. Another consequence may be that machines may be smart and intelligent etc. but not human simply because the code that they run is not our code. A cultural difference between people and machines if you will.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.573208
Retrieved Text: Protecting Your Health – Can Feeding Your Baby the Wrong Foods Cause Food Allergies? Four Reasons GMO Corn Can Hurt You and Your Children. Is Human Growth Hormone A Health Cure? Do Eggs Lead to Heart Disease? Feel Happy and Have Low Blood Pressure By Doing This with Your Pet.
Learn about a new study on foods parents feed their infant children. Can certain foods lead to food allergies later in their lives? What foods should you avoid and what can you increase to make a difference? Genetically engineered corn and corn products can hurt your children and their children. Hear four serious reasons to buy only organic corn.
What is the truth about taking human growth hormone? Does it really improve your physical condition and make you stronger and more fit? Are eggs good to eat to stay healthy, or are they still getting a bad rap?
This simple activity you can do with your pet can not only release “happy” endorphins but can also lower your blood pressure! And make your pet happier too!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.559336
Retrieved Text: What did Paul mean when he wrote this? He couldn’t have meant that money is always on your mind when you sin. A lot of sin happens when we are not thinking about money.
My suggestion is this: he meant that all the evils in the world come from a certain kind of heart, namely, the kind of heart that loves money.
So what does it mean to love money? It doesn’t mean to admire the green paper or the copper coins or the silver shekels. To know what it means to love money, you have to ask, What is money? I would answer that question like this: Money is simply a symbol that stands for human resources. Money stands for what you can get from man — other human beings — instead of God.
God deals in the currency of grace, not money: “Come, everyone who thirsts, come to the waters; and he who has no money, come, buy and eat!” (Isaiah 55:1). Money is the currency of human resources. So, the heart that loves money is a heart that pins its hopes, and pursues its pleasures, and puts its trust in what human resources can offer.
So, the love of money is virtually the same as faith in money — belief (trust, confidence, assurance) that money will meet your needs and make you happy.
You can’t trust in God and in money at the same time. Belief in one is unbelief in the other. A heart that loves money — that banks on money for happiness — is not

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.514915
Retrieved Text: When it comes to relationships, there seems to be something that Christians often over-look. That something is this: Our lives are not about us, and what we feel; they are about God, and what He thinks and commands. Just because relationships are something very close to our hearts and near and dear to our emotions does not mean that we should follow our heart and emo- tions. The Bible states clearly that the heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately sick (Jeremiah 17:9, ESV). Personal experience proves this. Why, then should we follow it? Is it not God who should lead? When we choose God and His ways, our heart will follow. The heart needs to be the follower, not the leader.
Dating as the world dates does not make conditions conducive for putting our focus on God first. It’s easier to focus on our- selves and each other and neglect God. There seems to be fear about what God would tell us to do if we ever actually let Him have this part of our lives. We think that He might take away what we have. And the truth is, He might. God might take away what we have. In fact, He probably will. But only to give us something better. His best. Are we really satisfied with what we have, anyway? Is it making us happy? Are our hearts healthy, or are they in shreds?
We know that God looks on the heart, and not at outward appearances. That being the case does not negate

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.512821
Retrieved Text: God is good and sovereign.
We are sinners and need to repent.
I believe; Jesus, help my unbelief.
God’s grace depends on him and not on me.
Summary - “Do not lay up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy and where thieves break in and steal, but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust destroys and where thieves do not break in and steal. For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also. “The eye is the lamp of the body. So, if your eye is healthy, your whole body will be full of light, but if your eye is bad, your whole body will be full of darkness. If then the light in you is darkness, how great is the darkness! “No one can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and money.
Summary - Oh Comfort, comfort my people, says your God.
Speak tenderly to Jerusalem, and cry to her that her warfare is ended, that her iniquity is pardoned, that she has received from the Lord's hand double for all her sins.
Every valley shall be lifted up, and every mountain and hill be made low; the uneven ground shall become level, and the rough places a plain.
and he who has no money, come, buy and eat!
Come, buy wine and milk, without money and without price.
Why do you spend your money for that which is not

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.503315
Retrieved Text: For years as a psychiatric nurse, I have asked the same assessment questions built by healthcare systems to ensure that patients are meeting criteria for treatment. Not one of these questions has anything to do with the spiritual sickness of someone. Imagine, if you will, what kind of responses I receive, when I do ask questions regarding the spirit of another human being. This type of inquiry is not in the box of assessment questions. Depression and anxiety are symptoms of being disconnected from the spirit, or perhaps a memory loss of the the light we all were born with. This forgetfulness renders the inability to be in the present moment. Anxiety is caused from overthinking of the future, the past, or reruns of attachment to the same scenario or baggage. I use simple calming exercises to get someone in their present moment, and the realization that nothing is going on in that moment, is refuge. For being rescued from our thoughts, that cause such illness, might be equated with seeking refuge from the madness. For the question of what does it mean to be human, it is the ability to have empathy for other beings. In the world of behavioral medicine, we are always addressing the outside symptoms, caused by inside manifestations. This process of fixing the outsides, also keeps one in a state of forgetfulness regarding the spirit. When I ask someone with depression about their spirit, I get many surprised looks, because to them their symptoms have everything to do with life circumstances.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.449133
Retrieved Text: “The Princess and the Frog” is one of the most underrated Disney animated films. Even though the narrative follows the archetypal Disney fairy tale, the animation is beautiful and the music is glorious. I would love to spill some ink over how each song is modeled after a different genre from the rich South Louisiana heritage, but I want to spend a few minutes thinking only about the song Mama Odie sings near the end of the film.
Prince Naveen and (not yet Princess) Tiana, who were transformed into frogs by the evil Dr. Facilier, seek out a mysterious woman deep in the swamp known as “Mama Odie,” in order to become human again. This eccentric, blind woman of the bayou tells them in order to become human again, they need to “dig a little deeper” into their own being to discover their true identity.
Now, before you think mentioning “dig a little deeper” is in reference to your wallet during this fine Stewardship season, hear me out. Mama Odie sings, “Don’t matter what you look like. Don’t matter what you wear. How many rings you got on your finger, we don’t care. Don’t matter where you come from. Don’t even matter what you are–a dog, a pig, a cow, a goat, we got ‘em all in here. They all knew what they wanted, what they wanted me to do. I told them what they needed, just like I be telling you. You gotta dig a little deeper to find out who you are. You gotta dig a

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.406778
Retrieved Text: The heart of man is a kind of motor that drives the blood . But how does the human heart work?
Ensure the constant and unidirectional movement of blood through the vessels is the main purpose of the heart, its most important role in the vital activity of our body.
And the fulfillment of this important work is subordinated to everything: the location of the heart, its structure, the composition of its walls, its innervation and blood supply.
Why do we need four cameras?
The two right chambers (atrium and ventricle) are intended for pumping venous blood.
The two left chambers of the heart are for pumping arterial blood.
Due to the fact that right and left cameras are reliably separated from each other, venous and arterial blood are never (normally) mixed. And this is despite the fact that one and the same blood pumps one organ!
The atria take blood from the vascular bed and push it into the ventricles. The ventricles, more powerful and strong, give blood to the vessels.
Gradually pumping blood from one chamber to another, separating each chamber from the adjacent valves, a healthy heart never allows a reverse flow of blood.
Therefore, all organs and cells, thanks to a clear work of the heart, receive blood rich in oxygen and nutrients on time, constantly and in sufficient quantity.
Here too everything is provided!
All cavities of the human heart from the inside are covered with a special connective tissue membrane – endocardium . This membrane provides a “comfortable” stay of blood in the cavities of the heart.
And under it – a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.399075
Retrieved Text: The human heart is a sturdy organ. It thumps and pumps the life-sustaining fluid of blood through our bodies. In doing this it also ensures the circulation of secondary fluids and the filtration of necessary gasses. It is a piece of biological equipment that many living critters have - though not all. Jellyfish don't have, micro-organisms don't have. Then there are those which have 'spares'.
What the heart does not do, is love.
Was that a collective gasp I heard? A pause, as the grey cells shunted? Dear ones, it's a simple matter of logic. Physical matter has no conceptual ability. Love is a concept. The higher up the intellectual ladder a critter is, the more it can conceive of a connection which is not merely biological.
The only critter which can formulate and elaborate on Love as a concept is the Human Being. It is an intellectual exercise.
"Oh! But what is it that makes my heart thump at the sight of the beloved? Why does it shrivel at the loss?"
All critters which understand connection beyond the mating imperative, have 'feelings'. Emotions are highly complex reactions to a range of external stimuli. Whilst there are chemical cascades which can tumble through us, it is the cognition which does the triggering. Recognition of a situation and the need to respond to it. This can be so spontaneous at times that we simply do not understand that thought took place before the onrush of physical characteristics which can be aroused, be that laughter, or tears, or all which is in between.
Due

================



======= Instance Index 9588 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Metals are elements that are good conductors of electricity. They are the largest class of elements. Many metals are shiny, ductile, and malleable. They are also good conductors of heat. Almost all metals are solids are room temperature.


Q: What is the largest class of elements?

 Choices:

- organics

- oils

- acids

- metals

A:

Target Text: metals

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.549612
Retrieved Text: Royal Caribbean is one of the world’s leading cruise lines, with 24 ships and owning nearly 22% of the cruise market worldwide. Royal prides itself on having the largest and most innovative ships in the world.
We started working with Royal Caribbean in 2012 when they were launching a new class of ship, which would be the second largest cruise ship in the world. They needed a new name for the class, the ships, and a cohesive naming system for all the onboard elements.
We created the “Quantum” class of ship to signify a quantum leap forward in cruising. Over the next 3 years, we also created the names Anthem, Ovation, Harmony, Symphony, and Spectrum as well as names for over 65 onboard elements, from restaurants to lounge spaces, to features and technology.
The Quantum class of ships remain as some— if not— the most cutting-edge ships in the world. The success of the first 2 ships prompted the order of 3 additional ships in the class. Royal Caribbean experienced revenue growth of 7.6 billion in 2012 to record-breaking 8.8 billion in 2016.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.622034
Retrieved Text: Binary Search is a classic algorithm used to find an item in an ordered list/array of items. This list/array of items must be ordered for binary search to work.
Take the midpoint between the smallest and largest elements.
Determine if item being searched for is smaller or larger than the item at the midpoint.
If smaller than the midpoint, consider the largest element moving forward as the midpoint – 1.
If larger than the midpoint, consider the smallest element moving forward as the midpoint + 1.
Perform steps 1 and 2 while updating smallest and largest points until the desired element is found, or the entire list has been searched.
The method above accepts an array of elements and item the to search for. Both objects must be/contain type E (or a super type of E) which can be any class that, implements the Comparable interface. This ensures that the objects passed to the method can be compared to one another correctly.
Checks to see if the list of elements or item to search for are null. If they are, return null.
Creates “high” and “low” indexes, which to start are just the first and last elements of the array.
Enters a loop in which the updated midpoint, high, and low indexes are determined.
Continues in loop until the value searched for is found, or until the entire array has been searched.
A fantastic, more detailed explanation of binary search is available for Khan Academy here.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.117874
Retrieved Text: * Plugin class - instantiated from TypoScript.
* Rendering some content elements from tt_content table.
+ 'The difference in size between the largest and smallest colRelation was not within' .

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.053629
Retrieved Text: jQuery uses CSS selectors to select elements?
With jQuery, look at the following selector: $("div"). What does it select?
What is the correct jQuery code to set the background color of all p elements to red?
With jQuery, look at the following selector: $("div.intro"). What does it select?
The first div element with id="intro"
All div elements with class="intro"
The first div element with class="intro"
All div elements with id="intro"
Which jQuery method is used to hide selected elements?
Which jQuery method is used to set one or more style properties for selected elements?
Which jQuery method is used to perform an asynchronous HTTP request?
What is the correct jQuery code for making all div elements 100 pixels high?
Which jQuery method should be used to deal with name conflicts?
Which jQuery method is used to switch between adding/removing one or more classes (for CSS) from selected elements?
Look at the following jQuery selector: $("div#intro .head"). What does it select?
The first element with id="head" inside any div element with class="intro"
All div elements with id="intro" or class="head"
All elements with class="head" inside the first div element with id="intro"

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.86926
Retrieved Text: I went inside the main.js file and added my class element to the list of “onAfter” elements, but I’m still having troubles. The largest issue is background video not working on the homepage. There doesn’t seem to be an exception for the background video added to the SmoothState onAfter calls, but alas I can’t seem to get a fix.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.591597
Retrieved Text: An animation film is one the major elements of the content created for the World’s Largest Lesson. It was developed through an innovative collaboration between Oscar winning animators Aardman and creative educator Ken Robinson, who recently spoke to the Huffington Post about the Lesson. The film has been a great success; it has been used in 160 countries!
The film we created is now just one of so many about the World’s Largest Lesson. The variety of films that have been made about the initiative across the world is amazing and here we share a few highlights. Happy viewing!
The Jamaican Ministry of Education developed an advert to create awareness about the project across the country. It places the Global Goals in the context of Jamaica’s most pressing problems, all set to a superhero-worthy soundtrack, and was broadcast on local television: definitely worth a watch, here.
Individual students, classes and whole schools have written heartwarming and humorous songs about the Goals. We were invited to pan across a School Hall in Brunei where the lesson is taking place to the tune of Michael Jackson’s Heal the World and to sit in the pews of St. Stithian’s school chapel in South Africa and hear as a choir of students sings their original composition on the Global Goals. Torriano Junior school, London chose an aerial view as their students practice some excellent teamwork to make the shape of each Goal, whilst students at R.E.T.N.S in Ireland cartwheel across screen to their own Global Goals version of a Flo Rida tune. Over

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.591333
Retrieved Text: For close to three decades, we have been at the forefront of defending life insurance and annuity issuers and other financial services companies in every major genre of litigation affecting the industry. Such representation includes national litigation challenging the determination of cost of insurance rates and other nonguaranteed elements, "vanishing premium" and other life insurance and annuity sales practices/market conduct cases, ERISA fiduciary duty suits, and litigation over lender placed insurance. Our lawyers not only understand the legal issues relevant to these cases, we have a deep background in our clients' products, business practices, and regulatory challenges. We work closely with our colleagues in other practice areas, including the firm's Financial Services - Regulatory, Class Actions, and Securities and Derivative Litigation practice groups, to ensure we bring the highest level of expertise to every matter.
As a result, the industry knows us well. Our lawyers have represented the vast majority of the top 25 life and annuity companies (by assets) in class action and high stakes individual product cases. The firm has represented dozens of national and international insurers in hundreds of class actions throughout the United States. Indeed, our clients have consistently recognized us as among the top "go to" firms for national class action and high stakes litigation for the life insurance industry.
We have appeared as lead counsel in state and federal courts in nearly every state, including in appeals in all 12 of the Federal Circuit Courts of Appeal and the United States Supreme Court. But we are not simply litigators: our lawyers are

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.315765
Retrieved Text: SWAROVSKI ® ELEMENTS is the premium brand for crystal beads manufactured by Swarovski. Our business partners benefit from higher quality products and first-class services such as trend counselling and application support.
MIYUKI Co.,Ltd. The first manufacturer and distributor of Japanese beads.
Polaris elements. Polaris beads are only made in resin and come from Italy. Polaris elements offer a very large range of forms, sizes and colours that allow you to make your own creations.
Nikolis Group® was founded in 1987 and has been constantly expanding since then.
With two-thirds of its production in Greece and a third in the Far East, Nikolis is currently considered as one of the largest manufacturers in Europe.
The company exports its products to over 40 countries worldwide.
MWP Communication is a communication agency located in Charleroi (Fleurus) in Wallonia. It is specialized in graphic design, visual communication, creation of websites and webcasting.
Cédric Grégoire graphic designer and photographer graduated from the Haute Ecole Albert Jacquard in Namur and currently working at Crehopa.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.254599
Retrieved Text: The North Pole Inner Earth Expedition is the Greatest Expedition in the History of the World.
Due to funding delays, the Expedition is now scheduled for the summer of 2014.
The Russian nuclear powered icebreaker "50 Years of Victory," was launched in 2007. It is the newest and largest icrebreaker in the world and the only ship to able to make the trip to the Arctic region. It comfortablely will accommodate 128 guests.
- Carrying the highest ice class rating possible, Victory can crush ice up to 3 meters (10 feet) thick, and is the world's largest and most sophisticated nuclear-powered icebreaker.
- Onboard you hardly feel a thing. Absolutely unforgettable is the sound of mammoth slabs of ice colliding with the hull!
As a scientific expedition, we will spend our time sampling and testing the organic, biological elements on and under the ice.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.109869
Retrieved Text: Alubond USA FR B1 aluminium composite panel is used in Changi Airport Terminal 4.
Laminam is largest and thinnest ceramic slab ever seen.
RODECA is made in germany and is your best choice for polycarbonate fa�ade and roof system.
GME Facade is the professional force at the heart of many Indonesia�s landmark building projects. We offer a broad of affordable and innovative world class quality architectural products that help our clients to be distinctive and superior in their creation.
Diversity and quality are what characterises the product range of Rodeca: whether transparent construction elements for the wall, roof and facade..
Burj Khalifa, known as Burj Dubai prior to its inauguration, is a skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and is the tallest man-made structure in the world, at 829.8 m (2,722 ft).
GME AP is proud to build products and systems that comply with the LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) Green Building Rating System.
Subscribe to our newsletter to get latest information about our company, projects, and products information.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.073618
Retrieved Text: Rearrange the columns 2 and 3 so as to match with the column 1.
Choose the correct option and rewrite the statement.
Molecular formula of the chloride of an element X is XCl. This compound is a solid having high melting point. Which of the following elements be present in the same group as X.
In which block of the modern periodic table are the nonmetals found?
Write down the electronic configuration of the following elements from the given atomic numbers. Answer the following question with explanation.
3Li, 14He, 11Na, 15P Which of these elements belong to be period 3?
1H, 7N, 20Ca, 16S, 4Be, 18Ar Which of these elements belong tot he second group?
7N, 6C, 8O, 5B, 13Al Which is the most electronegative element among these?
4Be, 6C, 8O, 5B, 13Al Which is the most electropositive element among these?
11Na, 15P, 17Cl, 14Si, 12Mg Which of these has largest atoms?
19K, 3Li, 11Na, 4Be Which of these atoms has smallest atomic radius?
13Al, 14Si, 11Na, 12Mg, 16S Which of the above elements has the highest metallic character?
6C, 3Li, 9F, 7N, 8O Which of the above elements has the highest nonmetallic character?
Write the name and symbol of the element from the description.
The atom having the smallest size.
The atom having the smallest atomic mass.
The noble gas with the smallest atomic radius.
Structure of the modern periodic table.
Position of isotopes in the Mendeleev’s and the modern periodic table.
Atomic radius goes on decreasing while going from left to right in a period.
Metallic character goes on decreasing while going from left to right in a period.
Atomic radius goes on increasing down

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.05817
Retrieved Text: America’s largest modern design event. A three-day exhibition and conference featuring world-class speakers, product demonstrations, continuing education classes for design professionals, and seminars for design-seeking consumers.
The 2nd annual ICFF Miami, North America’s platform for global design, will map the newest frontier of what’s best and what’s next.
The 8th annual Boutique Design New York (BDNY) is the leading trade fair and conference for the hospitality design industry, serving the eastern United States, Canada and Europe. Presented annually by Boutique Design brings interior designers, architects, purchasing agents and hospitality owners/developers together with manufacturers and marketers of high-caliber design elements for hospitality interiors.
The AIA Conference on Architecture is the largest annual gathering of architects and design professionals in the US. This is where the important decision makers and key influencers—top level principals, partners and designers get their inspiration.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.04031
Retrieved Text: Use the Sampling Options tab in the Distributed Sampler to specify your sampling criteria.
Note: The source database is an ODBC DSN or Oracle TNS alias configured to access that data store.
Note: Only specify an Output directory if you are exporting your sampling configuration.
Note: If you have performed export functions for masking or subset extraction, the method.rc file already exists in your config directory. If you export your sampling configuration to the config directory, the previous method.rc file will be overwritten.
sampling.dat - Information regarding the data elements to be sampled.
Note: If your Knowledge Base and the data stores you want to sample are located on the same Windows machine that is running Data Express, you do not need to export configuration information, execute sampling from a script, or load results. Instead, you would bypass those steps and click the Start button in the Distributed Sampler to execute sampling.
To further control your sampling results, you can specify advanced sampling options, which are accessible from the Advanced button.
By default, all types are checked. Uncheck a type to remove it as a sampling candidate.
Note: The Binary data element type represents the COBOL binary (COMP field) data type. True binary is not supported.
By default, all values are 0 (zero), which means to include all data elements regardless of the associated size values.
If a minimum value is set, the data element size to be included is the value greater than the specified MinValue. For example, if the Min length is changed to 1, data elements with a length of 2 or greater

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.004436
Retrieved Text: How to use addClass() and removeClass() to remove one class name, and add a new class name. Remove class using a function Using a function to remove a class from the selected elements. how to cut mp4 video on windows 10 Once you've made an initial selection with jQuery, you can traverse deeper into what was just selected. Traversing can be broken down into three basic parts: parents, children, and siblings. jQuery has an abundance of easy-to-use methods for all these parts.
You want to make sure to target the span tag that is inside the class "intro" - the span tag is a child element of the "p" element with class "intro". So in order to specify it is a child of the "intro" class, you would do as follows: how to add print date in excel Finds the first span in each matched div to underline and add a hover state.
All of the sites that are part of the jQuery WordPress network use the following markup conventions to apply styling to elements. Please adhere to these conventions if you are working on any of our web sites.
Adding or removing a class based on user action is a common thing to do. This was exactly what I wanted to achieve with classList. This was exactly what I wanted to achieve with classList. You can toggle between adding and removing using the toggle() method.
A selector, element, HTML string, array of elements, or jQuery object; the matched set of elements will be inserted at the end of the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.919456
Retrieved Text: The main difference between id and class in CSS is that the id is used to apply styling to one unique element while the class is used to apply styling to multiple elements.
CSS consists of a set of rules. The browser can interpret these rules and apply them to the specified elements in the document. A CSS style rule consists of three sections. They are the selector, property and value. Declaration refers to the combination of property and value. They appears inside a pair of curly braces as follows.
Property – An attribute. All HTML attributes are converted into CSS properties. Some examples are color, text-align, border, etc.
Value – Value is what is assigned to the property. For example, blue can be assigned to the property color.
The programmer can define a style rule based on the id of the elements. All the elements with the same id will be applied with the defined style. To select an element with a specific id, there should be a # (hash) symbol followed by the id of the element.
Assume that the HTML file contains a statement as follows.
CSS file contains the following piece of code.
When the browser interprets the HTML statement, it checks the id of h1 element, which is header1 in the CSS file. Then, it applies the defined CSS rule to the h1 element. Therefore, the text Hello World will appear in color blue.
The id is unique within the page. Therefore, the id selector is used for one unique element.
Similar to the id, the programmer can define the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.916877
Retrieved Text: SRE Minerals has discovered what is believed to be the largest deposit of rare earth elements on the planet in North Korea.
The private equity company has signed a joint venture agreement with the Korea Natural Resources Trading Corporation for rights to develop rare earth element deposits for the next 25 years. The discovery of rare earth elements at this site is believed to be one of the largest deposits in the world, with initial estimates of 216.2 million tonnes of valuable rare earth elements.
Worth trillions of dollars, this deposit would nearly triple the current global known resource of rare earth element oxides.
Sassi collezionabili mi sa che non ne uscirà neanche uno... ma implicazioni geopolitiche da ridere!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.562132
Retrieved Text: Three weeks ago I signed up for Bollywood Dance Class, and finally last week we had our first class!
Bollywood is one of the largest film producers in India, and one of the largest centers of film production anywhere in the world. Bollywood is a play on words combining Bombay and Hollywood. Often mistakenly understood to encompass the whole of Indian cinema, Bollywood is only a part of India’s large and thriving film industry. Nevertheless, Bollywood is sure the most popular form of Indian cinema in the U.S. Most people have heard of or seen the over-the-top, emotion-conveying dances that characterize Bollywood dance. Even “So You Think You Can Dance?” features Bollywood fusion dance every now and again.
So where does Bollywood Dance Come From?
Bollywood style dance is a fusion of many different influences, old and new. Dances vary greatly but are tied together through their representation of Indian culture. Bollywood dance includes elements from ancient Sanskrit dramas, regional Indian folk theatre, Parsi theatre, Hollywood musicals, and western television like MTV.
I have always been drawn to the fast pace and expressiveness of Bollywood dance. So when I ran down the list of Minneapolis Community Education dance classes and saw Bollywood there among the fray – I knew I had to take it! My teacher Mystic Siren, photographed below, was an excellent coach for beginners.
Having only taken one dance class before ever, and finding myself way behind the class when it came to learning choreography, I was excited to take a class for beginners. Everyone was on the same

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.532362
Retrieved Text: Coimbatore: India’s largest luxury car manufacturer Mercedes-Benz, bolstered its service network expansion in Tier II markets by inaugurating a world-class service facility in Coimbatore. Mercedes-Benz inaugurated one of its largest luxury service facility by Sundaram Motors spread across an extensive area of 80,000 sq. ft., in one of the fastest emerging markets in Tamil Nadu. The service facility is strategically located in the automobile hub of Coimbatore, which will serve as one-stop-shop destination for all customer service requirements in the region. The facility was inaugurated by Santosh Iyer, Vice President - Customer Services and Corporate Affairs, Mercedes-Benz India and Sharath Vijayaraghavan, Executive Director, Sundaram Motors.
Mr. Iyer further elaborated, “Sundaram Motors has been our trusted partner for two decades, and has implemented multiple service initiatives that has helped in cementing customer trust in this region. We are now looking at strategically expanding in the Tier II markets by offering world-class service facilities, comprising unique luxury elements, the best of products and exceptional customer service. Our aim is to set the benchmark in vehicle ownership experience and be the Mercedes of Service for our customers. Facilities such as this, only reiterates our confidence in the market and in our investors”, he added.
The service facility is one of the largest in India. It spans across a massive 80,000 sq. ft. with 26 service bays for preventive maintenance and body & paint. With an investment of Rs. 16 crores, the facility was constructed in a short span of 15 months. Located at SFNo.514/2A &SFNo.515/1a1, No.1/166 Pollachi Road, Eachanari Post, Coimbatore

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.522045
Retrieved Text: What's the second largest human organ?
Where is the rugby club Leinster from?
On the periodic table of elements, what is the only non-metal located on the left side?
Benno Moiseiwitsch is considered to be one of the best in the 20th century at playing what instrument?
Which country has a non-rectangular flag?
Wie hieß das Filesharing-Programm, über das sich Lars Ulrich von “Metallica” im Jahr 2000 ärgerte?
What’s the second largest human organ?
Question: What’s the second largest human organ?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.515167
Retrieved Text: This monograph is devoted to transportation problems with minimax criteria. The cost function of the classical transportation problem contains tariff coefficients. It is a common situation that the decision-maker does not know their values. In other situations, they do not have any meaning at all, and neither do nonlinear tariff objective functions. Instead of the classical cost function, a minimax cost function is introduced. In other words, a matrix with the minimal largest element is sought in the class of matrices with non-negative elements and given sums of row and column elements. The problem may also be interpreted as follows: suppose that the shipment time is proportional to the amount to be shipped. Then, the minimax gives the minimal time required to complete all shipments. An algorithm for finding the minimax and the corresponding matrix is developed. An extension to integer matrices is presented. Alternative minimax criteria are also considered. The solutions obtained are important for the theory of transportation polyhedrons. They determine the vertices of convex hulls of the sets of basis vector pairs and the corresponding matrices of solutions. Audience: The monograph is addressed to specialists in operations research, optimization, and transportation problems.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.458556
Retrieved Text: View or ViewGroup object are the root elements each layout file. XML is very helpful for design UI layouts. You could create web pages in HTML. We can divide the layout in 2 ways.
Android provides widgets and layouts class that are used to create the layout.
You can instantiate layout elements at runtime that means programmatically.
You could declare your application's default layouts in XML, including the screen elements that will appear in them and their properties. You could then add code in your application that would modify the state of the screen objects, including those declared in XML, at run time. The layout opt tool find out inefficiencies or other problems. You can change or modify your source code and recompile. In general, the XML vocabulary for declaring UI elements closely follows the structure and naming of the classes and methods, where element names correspond to class names and attribute names correspond to methods.
However, note that not all vocabulary is identical. you can guess what XML attribute corresponds to a class method, or guess what class corresponds to a given xml element. In some cases, there are slight naming differences. For example, the EditText element has a text attribute that corresponds to EditText.setText().
Attributes : There are many type attributes in XML. View object have some type attributes eg. textSize attribute but every attributes is inherited by any View objects.id attributeed is the the root View class.
Layout Parameters : XML layout attributes named layout_something define layout parameters for the View that are appropriate for the ViewGroup in which

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.28669
Retrieved Text: The :last-child pseudo-class is a way of specifying styling that will only be applied to an element if it is the last child among its siblings. What if we have elements that are declared amongst elements of another type? This can complicate that styling.
because amongst its siblings it isn’t the last.
One way of getting around this is with the :last-of-type pseudo-class.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.236822
Retrieved Text: The first article in this series introduced the Azure Automation Graphical SDK, targeting its use to produce a programmatic version of an existing graphical runbook, Get-DiceThrow. It then began covering the classes used by the SDK, referencing the portal elements and associated ones.
This second article continues the above, focusing on the largest and most challenging part of developing in this SDK, Activities.
An Activity refers to an action that is represented by an individual item on the graphic runook. Multiple Activity classes are available to be used. In the runbook we are developing, these are CommandActivity and WorkflowScriptActivity.
The WorkflowScriptActivity was briefly covered in the first article, when Workflows were outlined. As mentioned above, a workflow script activity is handled by the WorkflowScriptActivity class.
When an instance of this class is made, the following properties are available. Of these, only the first four are native to the class, with the other properties being inherited.
Of note is that the Begin, Process and End properties match the options available in PowerShell advanced functions, providing the opportunity to perform pre-processing, record by record, and post-processing operations respectively.
In the script, Name, Process, PositionX, and PositionY are set. Name is visible on the graphical workbook diagram, as the text label on the activity. Process is the actual script being used. PositionX and PositionY dictate the location on the canvas of the activity.
Not mentioned yet are the command activities. A command activity is represented by the CommandActivity class.
On its own the CommandActivity class has a minimal number of properties that are available. From the screenshot

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.232349
Retrieved Text: The main purpose of the Visitor’s pattern is to add new functionalities to an existing object without modifying the class on which the object operates. As you can see, this pattern does not violate the open-closed principle as you can see on the picture below 🙂 .
The implementation in short looks like, the Visitor class declares the visit() method, whose argument is an element of the structure and elements of the structure declare the accept() method, which accepts as argument the Visitor class, the accept() method calls the visit() method in the Visitor class depending on the type of argument passed.
Visitor cooperates well with Composite, so in practice they can be used together to manage eg the structure of employees in the company. The Composite is responsible for the structure and the Visitor is responsible for assigning tasks to each employee.
Represents operations performed on structure objects also allows you to define a new operation without changing the class of the element on which it operates.
Separates the algorithm from the structure it operates on.
Double dispatch, i.e. calling the visitor’s methods depending on the type of parameter passing to the method.
Many operations must be performed on separate elements of the object structure. In this case, it will be good to use the Visitor pattern, because the class visitor iterates efficiently after each element in the structure of objects.
You have the structure of objects and you have to perform some operation on every element of this structure.
You want to add or change operations performed on structure elements without changing

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.229192
Retrieved Text: There’s more to making jewelry than just putting together a bunch of beads, and somehow we all know that instinctively. This class is designed to give you some vocabulary to understand what you know intuitively… to introduce design elements, the basic building blocks of all artistic media. What are these design elements? How are they used? How do they apply to beading? How can I use them to make my jewelry more interesting? Hands-on exercises in class will help you focus on practical application. This class, for beginners as well as experienced beaders, will give you a new perspective in creating and designing jewelry with all kinds of beads including seed beads.
Provided: Printed handouts for later reference.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.205256
Retrieved Text: SUMMIT PROFESSIONAL is taking the lead in refrigerators with UL approval for outdoor use. Our outdoor models exceed the U.L. safety requirements by incorporating a Ground Fault Circuit Interrupter (GFCI) into every model, as well as 100% redundant weatherproofing to keep all electrical components from the elements. Choose from a stainless steel all-refrigerator with a glass or stainless steel door; or a 3 drawer stainless steel all-refrigerator. All our outdoor refrigerators have our unique "hidden" evaporator behind the rear wall, resulting in a deeper interior and some of the industry's largest shelves. Now, bring the convenience of SUMMIT under-counter refrigeration safely outdoors.
Features U.L. Approved for outdoor use All stainless steel finish All refrigerator with automatic defrost Three stainless steel ventilated drawers Adjustable thermostat Fan Cooled Compressor Freestanding or Under-Counter Magnetic gaskets; spring assisted stainless steel handles Requires only 24 inches of width Requires only 25 1/2 inches of depth 100% CFC Free energy efficient design 115 Volts; 60 cycle; 3 prong plug Assembled in U.S.A.
SUMMIT PROFESSIONAL SPR7-OS is our leading outdoor refrigerator. Featuring a full stainless steel cabinet and wrapped stainless steel door and finished back this model will stand up to the elements and still look beautiful. It is made of 304 grade stainless steel, and incorporates three levels of weatherproofing, including a standard GFCI in every model. Convenience features include the industry's largest shelves in this class, automatic defrost, an interior light and adjustable thermostat.
Features U.L. Approved for outdoor use All stainless steel finish All refrigerator automatic defrost Interior light finished back adjustable shelves

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.171813
Retrieved Text: ... or in other words, the hide has arrived. And Peggy Tzu, it's not the world's largest dog chewy, sorry.
Anyone who knows me, knows that I'm not a good multitasker. In fact, I tend to be a linear, methodical, single minded unitasker; much to the chagrin of my very capable multitasking wife, Kristen.
Some time ago, I completed the wooden elements for a couple of Roorkhee chairs, but I'd given up waiting for the leather to arrive, and started on a different project. Of course as soon as I started on the next project, the leather arrived. So today, I shifted gears and spent the morning cutting out the leather parts.
I'm reasonably confident when picking out wood, or ordering it online, but leather is not my forte', and it seems that anyone can name a leather product anything they like, so it's hard to know what you're getting if you haven't bought it before. This side (1/2 of a hide) turned up a bit softer, but thicker, than what we used in the class were I learned to build this the chair. So these next two chairs will look a bit more rustic, but should be very comfortable.
So now, I have three projects in the air at once, and I'm starting to sweat a bit. This is not the leisurely retirement I had once envisioned, but I'm sure to sort it all out, and enjoy every minute of it.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.169539
Retrieved Text: 1.What is namespace in C#?
->A namespace is designed for providing a way to keep one set of names separate from another. The class names declared in one namespace does not conflict with the same class names declared in another.
2.Which of the following ways to create an object of the Sample class given below will work correctly?
3.Which of the following in not service model (three-tier application) in c sharp?
(A) A constructor can be used to set default values and limit instantiation. (B) Destructors are used with classes as well as structures. (C) A class can have more than one destructor. (D) C# provides a copy constructor.
->The answer is (A) A constructor can be used to set default values and limit instantiation.
5.What is the purpose of using statement in C#?
->’using’ is a keyword in C# programming. It is used to include a namespace to a program. A program can have several namespace with several using keywords.
6.What is unboxing in C#?
->Converting from object type to a value type is known as unboxing in C#.
7.Which of the following are not types of access modifiers in C#?
->The answer is (A) external protect.
8.Which keyword is used to achieve shadowing in C#?
->The correct answer is (B) New.
10.What are pointer types in C#?
->Pointer type variable in C# stores the memory address of another variaable.Pointers in C# have the same capabilities as the pointers in C or C++.We can declare a pointer in C# like- char* cptr; where ‘char*’ represents a type i.e. character type pointer and ‘cptr’ represents the name of the pointer.
->The answer

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.092094
Retrieved Text: Now establishing itself as the grounds for all new luxury residential condominiums, top-grade office sites, a world-class commercial center, and the country’s largest and most prestigious superclub, Uptown Bonifacio carries Megaworld’s signature township elements: LIVE-WORK and PLAY – the makings of an ideal cosmopolitan epicenter.
Among the first office towers to rise in Uptown Bonifacio is the 25-storey Alliance Global Tower, the future headquarters of Alliance Global Inc., the holdings company of Dr. Andrew L. Tan, and Mother Company of Megaworld Corporation.
A commercial center fit for Manila’s elite, Uptown Bonifacio’s Uptown Mall houses world-class cinemas and first-time international retail brands. Increasing the stakes of the township’s PLAY component is The Palace, which earned a spot in DJ Mag’s 2016 Top 100 Clubs in the world, comprising of no less than six different lifestyle clubs.
Uptown Bonifacio’s luxury residential condominiums will stand at the doorstep of these cosmopolitan destinations as well as the Fort’s institutional zone, perfectly placed beside the country’s most reputable international secondary schools and steps away from first-class health care and several of Manila’s finest lifestyle attractions.
The first three residential condominiums to be completed in the township are the nature-oriented One Uptown Residence, the “all-suites” Uptown Ritz, and the privileged Uptown Parksuites. Live, work, and play in Fort Bonifacio’s urban cosmopolitan playground.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.083388
Retrieved Text: people who want to learn more about astrology and it's also for people who just want to feel calmer and less drained by their lives. We'll approach astrology as a way to learn more about yourself and other people so that you can cultivate compassion for both. It's about getting weird and free and grounded. It's about increasing your permission level to live your life. It's offering you support and tools to practice, experiment and shift stuck places and situations. Participating in this class is about reconnecting to your own intuition, using an ancient modality as the medium.
- 4 live hour-long sessions, one per week over a month, probably September. (PLEASE NOTE - this class is postponed - check back for updates on when it will run!) Each video class will include a guided meditation, and a talk on one element featured that week. This will include examples and descriptions of the elements as they show up in astrological signs, and what it looks like to have a predominance or lack of an element, etc. You'll also learn rituals and energetic tools using the four elements to help you cultivate what is needed in your life. If you can't attend the session, you can watch a recording of it after, anytime. If you're listening live, you'll have a chance to ask questions during the session.
- Daily prompts throughout the four weeks for you to practice seeing through the lens of astrology, deepen your learning and integrate the elements as metaphors and guides to help you bring

================



======= Instance Index 8020 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Speed represents how quickly an object is moving through space. Velocity is speed with a direction, making it a vector quantity. If an object’s velocity changes with time, the object is said to be accelerating. As we’ll see in the next chapters, understanding the acceleration of an object is the key to understanding its motion. We will assume constant acceleration throughout this chapter.


Q: What is the name for speed with a direction?

 Choices:

- trajectory

- acceleration

- distance

- trajectory

A:

Target Text: velocity

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.562634
Retrieved Text: Javes Lewis Academy targets Speed & Agility, Position Training, and Weight Training. Skills for all sports.
Two phase speed and agility camp to work on the foundational elements of sports athletics – including running, jumping and change of direction techniques.
Focused workouts to build a solid skillset for any DB, starting with the foundational elements of speed, footwork and explosive movement. Learn the proper technique for backpedaling and key reads to help improve your coverage.
Get in touch to more learn about any of my camps and clinics.
Tell me about your student athlete.
My name is Javes Lewis and my goal is to teach, train, and motivate student athletes to reach their fitness goals. As a former Division I football player at the University of Oregon and member of the Kansas City Chiefs in the NFL, I know what it takes to reach the highest level of athletic success. I’ve seen the rewards that hard work, focus and dedication can bring, and I want to use what I learned and help give back to my community.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.461548
Retrieved Text: Interface providing the API to manipulate panel animations when panels are replaced by another. The animation provides a type and a speed. A panel that has been displayed using an animation uses the opposite animation when going back to the previous panel.
The animation composite value: default (-1).
The animation composite value: fade fast (1).
The animation composite value: fade normal (10).
The animation composite value: fade slow (1).
The animation composite value: fade slower (1000).
The animation composite value: fade slowest (10000), not recommended, use for testing purposes only.
Animation bit to add to remove CSS3 animations.
Animation bit to add to remove Scroll animations.
The animation composite value: none (0).
The animation property name "animation".
Gets the currently defined animation when this panel is going to be replaced.
Gets the animation description as a "debug" string.
Gets the opposite animation composite value from an animation composite value, i.e.
Sets the animation when a panel is replaced by another.
type - The animation type ANIMATION_TYPE_nnn values.
direction - The direction is 4=left, 6=right, 8=up, 2=down (used for directional types only).
speed - The speed is ANIMATION_SPEED_nnn values.
IllegalArgumentException - For invalid parameters.
Gets the opposite animation composite value from an animation composite value, i.e. if an animation is slide right, the opposite is slide left, reveal opposite of cover with opposite direction, etc.
The opposite animation composite value, or ANIMATION_DEFAULT if no opposite is found.
This call must be made prior to the panel removal and can be called programmatically. This method is also called for e.g. UI actions that also can specify the panel animation.
animation - The animation composite value: values ANIMATION_*.
Typically true for actions,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.440311
Retrieved Text: An exposition take on David Moody’s novel of the same name flounders by way of a literal pile-up of clichéd archetypes and inept direction. The film takes a ridiculously long time to get up to speed as if the filmmakers forgot that their audience is intimately knowledgeable about the genre in which they are working. The acting is clumsy (and don’t ask me why, for no reason, what David Carradine is doing showing up). The script hackneyed and boring. The direction meandering and without any real sense of itself. People show up just to disappear and the internal logic is, well… just retarded. Avoid this mess ESPECIALLY if you liked Moody’s original novel.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.19057
Retrieved Text: 2011 Viano Study – Brand Name Guards Tested. RESULTS Published!
Viano’s 2011 Results Graph – Click to enlarge.
New Head Form with Salient(moving) Lower Jaw & sensors to measure impact energy levels – Ground Breaking design !
LEFT = Bare Head Form. RIGHT = Covered with imitation ‘skin’.
Results Graph – Click to enlarge.
” Jaw Impact energy has to go somewhere. “. This statement is very obvious and powerful. When the jaw is stuck, it then strikes the TMJ socket walls. The additional impact energy then goes where ? Across the socket, in the direction of the impact? Which other direction could it continue? So, the preevious being understood, what is behind, and what rests above the TMJ sockets ? Hint – 5 letters, starts with a “B” . . . . and controls a person’s existence, perceptions, judgements and demeanor . . .
the FTC decided Brain-Pad does not have enough research to make a concussion-reducing claim from lower jaw impacts in its retail space. But 1 more time . . . The jaw is impacted into the TMJ sockets from a full-speed contact sport punch or kick.
which contains what vital body part ?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.062534
Retrieved Text: Target Audience: High School Students, College Freshmen and Sophomores, Class 11/12 Students in India preparing for ISC/CBSE and Entrance Examinations like the IIT-JEE/AIEEE Anyone else who needs this Tutorial as a reference!
Often we need to work with quantities which have both numerical and directional properties. For example, in order to pilot a small plane, you need to know the speed of the wind as well as its direction. In order to go to a store to buy a pen, you need to know its distance from your current location as well the directions in which to proceed. Thus, directions play a significant role in various everyday phenomena. Vectors are just another mathematical tool for simplifying our understanding of such phenomena and they make our calculations a lot easier. Examples of vector quantities are displacement, velocity, force, momentum, etc. By contrast a scalar is a quantity that has magnitude but no direction. e.g; temperature of a body or its mass. Now vectors have their own algebra i.e. their own addition, subtraction and multiplication rules. There can be a cause of confusion here when trying to understand vector multiplication. Vectors multiply in two ways: dot product and cross product. You might think how can two physical quantities multiply in two different ways which produce totally different results. The important thing to remember here is that the result of these two different multiplications are again two different physical quantities and not one which we tend to assume out of habit while dealing with scalars.
Also, you must always keep in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.929909
Retrieved Text: Acceleration is the velocity change with respect to time. When it is constant for a particular period of time then it is called constant acceleration. It can be of average acceleration, instantaneous acceleration, when an object undergoes circular motion then the acceleration is of three types that are centripetal acceleration, tangential, and angular acceleration.
The essential part of roller coaster is a curve or a circular path which undergoes centripetal acceleration. Its direction is in the direction of centre of circular path. When we sit in train then the force which feel by us pushing us toward the outer edge of the circular path, this is called centrifugal force. This is not an actual force while it is inertia of our body or resistance to direction of train. Here, we discuss about centripetal acceleration in which the direction is towards the centre of circular path and its two main factors that are tangential and radial and its mathematical formula.
"The centripetal acceleration is the rate of change of tangential velocity."
When an object is moving with uniform acceleration in circular direction, it is said to be experiencing the centripetal acceleration.
1. Linear Acceleration : Speed of the object changing while direction is constant.
2. Centripetal Acceleration : Speed of the object is constant while direction is changing.
3. Angular Acceleration : Both the speed and direction of the object are changing.
The direction of the centripetal acceleration is always along the radius vector of the circular direction.
The magnitude of the centripetal acceleration can be calculated by the tangential speed and angular velocity.
A object

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.92029
Retrieved Text: it was hard to predict where the magnet will travel to especially if you're jumping quickly multiple times.
V4 seeks to address this issue by having the jump behaviour work the same regardless of where you are on the screen.
When jump key is held, a place holder appears in the location where movement will stop.
if the magnet is in the left half of the screen, the magnet will move to the right.
if the magnet is in the right half of the screen, the magnet will move to the left.
the distance moved left or right in all situations will be 50% of the play area width.
i.e. the magnet will move half a screen width each jump. If the magnet is in the left edge, a jump will put it in the middle.
Why 50%? This increases the chances that a jump does something "interesting" if it is around the magnet.
Edge case: magnet is in the center of the play area, does the jump go left or right?
If the magnet was moving left previously, the next jump will move it left.
Edge case: If the last move was a mouse drag and drop, what direction does the jump go?
(same as above in Summary) if the magnet is in the left half of the screen, the magnet will move to the right.
(same as above in Summary) if the magnet is in the right half of the screen, the magnet will move to the left.
Edge case: if the magnet is dragged and dropped into the exact centre where does the jump go?
The jump

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.75868
Retrieved Text: If a boat of mass 500kg is accelerating at 1m/s, the resultant force is 500N.
Forces and motion looks at movement and acceleration of objects. Considering how forces affect the motion of objects is an important part of GCSE Physics. Many of the concepts and formulae used in this module were worked out by Sir Isaac Newton, the famous and talented seventeenth century scientist whose name is now used for the unit of force.
Newton formulated three laws of motion based on his observations. His first law is written down slightly differently, according to what source of information you use. Essentially, it says that "an object at rest will remain at rest unless acted on by an unbalanced force. An object in motion continues in motion with the same speed and in the same direction unless acted upon by an unbalanced force". In other words, objects will tend to keep doing exactly what they are doing, unless a force is applied. It is sometimes called the 'law of inertia'.
But the crucial point that Newton realised was that the force must be unbalanced. So, in practical terms, when a force is applied to a stationary object, it could move or, it could stay exactly where it was or it could change shape. It all depends on the balancing forces. If the applied force is insufficient to overcome friction, or if the object is fixed in place, it won't move. If the applied force is sufficient to overcome the reaction force of the fixing, the object will move. If the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.618435
Retrieved Text: Temperature, pressure, relative humidity forecast plot of trend lines for the next seven days by surface station.
Temperature, pressure, relative humidity forecast tables for the next seven days by surface station.
Temperature, pressure, relative humidity forecast data as email attached csv (Excel) file for the next seven days by surface station.
Temperature and weather with visual and textual descriptions for selected surface station sites.
Briefly: The latest meteorological observations in and around The New York City metropolitan area (NYC) at NYCMetNet, provided by the Optical Remote Sensing Laboratory of The City College of New York (ORSL). Observations are updated every 15 minutes to better characterize meteorological conditions within the NYC urban environment. Surface observations consist, in part, of near real-time atmospheric pressure, relative humidity, temperature, wind direction, wind speed, rain rate, and total rain accumulation measurements at building-top sites. Upper air measurements from SODAR and radar wind profilers consist of wind speed and direction at various altitudes in near real-time. Several weather forecast and predictive tools are also provided, such as NWS Doppler Radar maps of the extended NYC metropolitan area, NDFD forecast weather conditions for selected NYC areas, animated GOES infrared cloud cover images from our NOAA-Crest Satellite Receiving Station, and Thunderstorm Nowcasting.
Site content: This site contains extensive information and data. Please take time to visit "Documentation » Site Navigation Tree" from the menu above for a site structure and content overview. This site is designed to be viewed and the data accessed with Mozilla's Firefox, Apple's Safari, Google's Chrome, or Opera web browsers. You may also visit "Documentation

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.605555
Retrieved Text: (a) A lives closer to school than B.
(b) A starts from school earlier than B.
(c) B walks faster than A.
(d) A and B reach home at the same time.
(e) B overtakes A once on the road.
(a) In the given x-t graph, it can be observed that distance OP < OQ. Hence, the distance of school from the A’s home is less than that from B’s home.
(b) In the given graph, it can be observed that for x = 0, t = 0 for A, whereas for x = 0, t has some finite value for B. Thus, A starts his journey from school earlier than B.
(c) In the given x-t graph, it can be observed that the slope of B is greater than that of A. Since the slope of the x-t graph gives the speed, a greater slope means that the speed of B is greater than the speed A.
Q3 :A woman starts from her home at 9.00 am, walks with a speed of 5 km h-1 on a straight road up to her office 2.5 km away, stays at the office up to 5.00 pm, and returns home by an auto with a speed of 25 km h-1. Choose suitable scales and plot the x-t graph of her motion.
Q4 :A drunkard walking in a narrow lane takes 5 steps forward and 3 steps backward, followed again by 5 steps forward and 3 steps backward, and so on. Each step is 1 m long and requires 1 s. Plot the x-t graph of his motion.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.397844
Retrieved Text: Bird surveys were conducted within the 1 hectare SEQ Peri-urban SuperSite on 14 separate days between October 2013 and November 2014. Area search methodology was used for all surveys based on protocols described by Antos et al. (2008). Area searches involved searching a set route for a minimum of one hour, recording all species seen and numbers of those species, including species flying over if they have the potential to use the property, and recording weather conditions such as wind direction and strength, cloud cover and rainfall. Area searches are typically conducted over plots of approximately 1 to 3 hectares. Area searches are easily applied and flexible with regard to observer movement for observation and the shape of sample area, and are less sensitive to biases related to environmental variation such as weather and time of day.
Bird surveys were conducted within the 1 hectare SEQ Peri-urban SuperSite on 14 separate days between October 2013 and November 2014. Area search methodology was used for all surveys based on protocols described by Antos et al. (2008). Area searches involved searching a set route for a minimum of one hour, recording all species seen and numbers of those species, including species flying over if they have the potential to use the property, and recording weather conditions such as wind direction and strength, cloud cover and rainfall.
Bird surveys were conducted within the 1 hectare SEQ Peri-urban SuperSite on 14 separate days between October 2013 and November 2014.
Area search methodology was used for all surveys based on protocols described by Antos

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.391714
Retrieved Text: Properties describe the characteristics of an object in your HTML 5 game, and methods describe the behavior. A method is a function associated with an object. You build methods very much like creating a property, but rather than adding a simple value, you assign an entire function to a name.
Note that it moves when the user presses the keys. For this and most examples, a static image will not be enough to help you see what’s going on.
In this new version of the program, the Critter object has a new behavior identified. Essentially, a method is nothing more than a function defined inside a class. Don’t panic. It’s really not that difficult to figure out. You’re telling the system what to do if the user ever asks the Critter object to change speed.
Create a new property called checkKeys.
Build a new method to contain the behavior.
When you make a Critter object, it will already know how to look for its own key presses.
Change the speed based on keyboard input.
If the user presses right, increase the speed (at the default direction, positive speeds move the sprite to the right). If the user presses left, decrease the speed.
Use the setSpeed() method to change the actual speed.
The Sprite object that provides the blueprint for critter already has a setSpeed() method. Use this method to make the object move at the indicated speed.
Inside a method, use the this keyword.
When you create a method inside a constructor, the computer can get a bit confused about the names of things. For the most

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.343166
Retrieved Text: 1. What device will be the brain of your BOE Shield-Bot?
send the message through the programming cable?
are ASCII codes, like 109 = m.
3. What is the difference between the setup and loop functions?
function, the sketch advances to the loop function. Its code block gets repeated indefinitely.
4. Whats the difference between a variable name and a variable type?
kind and range of values it can store.
5. Whats the difference between global and local variables?
variables can only be accessed and modified within the block where they are declared.
6. What are the arithmetic operators? What does each one do?
The arithmetic operators are + add, - subtract, * multiply, / divide, and % modulus.
7. What variable type will the Arduino editor apply to 21.5 if it appears in your code?
It will be treated as a float type because it has a decimal point.
8. What three elements are included between parentheses in a for loop?
2. Declare a long variable named bigVal, and initialize it to 80 million.
4. Write a for loop that starts counting at 21 and stops at 39, and counts in steps of 3.
'A' to 'Z' and display the letters in the alphabet.
could use 32 for the loops start value and 126 for the end value.
// Empty, no repeating code.
the remainder of the number divided by 2 is 0. Hint: variable % 2 == 0.
the same 5-socket row on the breadboard.
2. What function sets a digital pins direction? The pinMode function.
digitalWrite call can set it low.
c. stay still.1.5 ms pulses for stay still.
6. Which call would make a servo turn

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.301817
Retrieved Text: Top Load Tester Prima Model is a new generation fully automatic motorized top load tester. It gives Compressive Buckling Load on Human Machine Interface based Touchscreen Display. The display is a high end sophisticated with Auto Tare (ZERO) set facility and Peak Hold arrangement. The test sample is placed in between the inverted jaws for zero slip gripping.
Top Load Tester is designed to provide Compressive buckling load. The instrument is used for testing the load bearing capacity of the PET containers when subject to an extreme load from the Top direction. It determines accurately the maximum load a PET container can bear without any deformation or failure.
Option for user to switch off machine in case of buckling of test sample.
Speed Control Sensing mechanism with Sample placement.
Automatic Test and Return Speed Selection.
Easy Data Management. User can create product identification, user name, etc.
Data Tabulation in Data Record format.
History Data involves User name, date, time, Deflection etc.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.242443
Retrieved Text: The first and foremost thing to notice here is the difference between speed and velocity, and what it means to accelerate. The speed is simply the distance covered in a given time whereas Velocity implies the displacement achieved in a particular direction, in a given time. This entitlement to direction makes all the difference.
Since if a car is moving at a constant rate in a circle, say 20 km/s, then the speed of the car i.e. 20 km/s remains constant. However, the velocity will not be strictly constant, since at each point on that circular path the direction of the motion of the car will continue to change, even if it moves with the same rate of 20 km/s. So intuitively it would raise the question of how can we accelerate when there is no change in speed?
The other part of the picture is the acceleration, which can be understood as the rate at which the velocity of moving object changes. Notice how the acceleration depends on the velocity and not speed. This lies at the heart of the question, we have intuitively asked ourselves.
If a car is moving in a uniform circular motion, it is bound to change direction even when the speed remains constant. Therefore it accelerates at the rate at which the direction of the car changes keeping the speed of the car uniform.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.20791
Retrieved Text: Initializes a new instance of the ExifData class.
Initializes a new instance of the ExifData class with data from array.
Gets camera body serial number.
Gets tags, which belong to common section.
Gets the compressed bits per pixel.
Gets the date time digitized.
Gets the date time original.
Gets the digital zoom ratio.
Gets tags which belong to EXIF section only.
Gets the exposure bias value.
Gets the file source type.
Gets the flash pix version.
Gets the focal length in 35 mm film.
Gets the focal plane resolution unit.
Gets the focal plane x resolution.
Gets the focal plane y resolution.
Gets the degree of overall image gain adjustment.
Gets the GPS altitude used as the reference altitude.
Gets the GPS area information.
Gets the GPS character string recording date and time information relative to UTC (Coordinated Universal Time).
Gets the GPS bearing to the destination point.
Gets the GPS reference used for giving the bearing to the destination point.
Gets the GPS distance to the destination point.
Gets the GPS unit used to express the distance to the destination point.
Gets the GPS latitude of the destination point.
Gets the GPS value which indicates whether the latitude of the destination point is north or south latitude.
Gets the GPS longitude of the destination point.
Gets the GPS value which indicates whether the longitude of the destination point is east or west longitude.
Gets a GPS value which indicates whether differential correction is applied to the GPS receiver.
Gets the GPS DOP (data degree of precision).
Gets the GPS direction of the image when it was captured.
Gets the GPS reference for giving the direction of the image when it is captured.
Gets the GPS latitude is

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.197231
Retrieved Text: LAUNCH ANGLE is the direction the angle the ball takes off relative to the ground. Along with BALL SPEED, LAUNCH ANGLE is a primary component to determining the height and distance of a shot.
SPIN RATE is the amount of spin on the golf ball immediately after impact. SPIN RATE has a major influence on the height and distance of a shot. More loft and more club speed will normally increase the spin rate.
CLUB SPEED is the speed the club head is traveling immediately prior to impact. It determines a golfers potential distance: more CLUB SPEED equals more potential distance. In fact, adding 1 mph of CLUB SPEED can increase your distance by up to 3 yards with the driver.
SMASH FACTOR is the ball speed divided by club speed. SMASH FACTOR relates to the amount of energy transferred from the club head to the ball. The higher the SMASH FACTOR, the better the energy transfer. Think sweet spot.
ATTACK ANGLE is the direction the club head is moving (up or down) at impact. To maximize distance with your driver, hitting up on the ball (positive angle of attack) is critical.
DYNAMIC LOFT is the amount of loft on the club face at impact. The golfer’s angle of attack, how the shaft bends, how the golfer releases the club head, whether the club face is open or closed to the club path, and where the ball makes contact on the club face can all impact the DYNAMIC LOFT.
FACE ANGLE is the direction the club face is pointed (right or left)

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.181662
Retrieved Text: speed crusher molecular weight – Grinding Mill China. crusher weight balancing. ... Stone Crusher, ... used sand crusher mexico. speed crusher molecular weight 40 000. limestone crushers for sale quipment. Reply. KEU-KEN CRUSHER - Mineral Processing & Metallurgy.
Crusher Aggregate Equipment For Sale At . 1997 32x40, ... speed crusher molecular weight 40 000. jaws and crushers … » Learn More calenders 26amp 3 rolling mills . Get A Free Quote. coal weight to volumeoal crusher – Grinding Mill China .
Ultra-High Molecular Weight Polyethylene (UHMWPE) UHMWPE is first commercially polymerized in 1955 by Ruhrchemie AG, Oberhausen, Germany. In that same year, the material was first introduced at the K55 Plastics Trade Show.
The Zetasizer µV uses static light scattering (SLS) to measure absolute molecular weight in conjunction with a concentration detector and dynamic light scattering (DLS) to measure size. DLS is an absolute technique, and hence the size measured is independent of the elution volume of the material.
molecular weight of the protein will be proportional to its size, provided all disulfide bonds, both intra- and intermolecular bonds, have been reduced from P-S-S-P to P–SH and HS-P.
weight of aggregates per 1 cubic meter ... dry rodded unit weight of crusher run ... used sand crusher mexico. speed crusher molecular weight 40 000. limestone ... Chat With Sales » OT.
where u is the velocity, M the molecular weight in kg/mole, R in joules/(o K mole) and T in o K. maxins.mcd George Hardgrove page 3 Creation Date: 6/14/96 Modified on: ... Now determine the speed corresponding to the maxima of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.161592
Retrieved Text: First, you have to get all the materials. Then, you have to put black marks evenly on a ping pong ball in order to see the rotation of the ball. Secondly, you must set up a high speed camera and capture the ball after it is struck. Once you have done this continue to capture the hits until you get the one you want. While doing this, duct tape the wii remote to your arm, so you can use it as an acceleramtor.
We will be testing a flat serve, a topspin serve, and a topspin forehand with the ping pong paddle and ball, testing the acceleration and speed of the wrist, hand motion. We will also calculate the speed of the ping-pong ball and it's spin, pending the camera can measure spin.
Why is Spin Important in Table Tennis?
It is probably easiest to understand how important spin is by first imagining what table tennis would be like if there was no such thing as spin. If you could not spin the ball in table tennis, what would be different?
First of all, you would be limited in how hard you could hit the ball. A table tennis table is 9 feet or 2.74 meters long. A top player can hit a ball off the bat at around 175km/hour (although it will slow down a little due to air resistance).
The ball could only be hit at full speed and power if the ball was high enough to draw a virtually straight line between the ball and a point on

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.158506
Retrieved Text: Showing weather information provided by Trafikverket weather stations in Sweden.
Get weather data in general.
You live near a weather station and want to know the current weather conditions at home.
Setup automations for your car heating system. If the road is frozen along the way to work, you might want the car heating system to start earlier.
(string)(Required)Your unique name of the device in the frontend.
(string)(Required)Your personal API key from Trafikverket.
(string)(Required)Name of the weather station from Trafikverket.
(map)(Required)Specify what measurement data to retrieve from the weather station.
The temperature in the road.
Type of precipitation (Swedish text).
Rough wind direction in twelve variants (Swedish text).
Average wind speed during the last 10 minutes.
Amount of precipitation in thirteen variants (Swedish text).
Please click here and register to obtain the API key.
Click here to get a map of valid weather stations. Once a station is found, copy the name according to the below picture and paste it in your configuration.yaml file as the station variable.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.14319
Retrieved Text: Select one Y column (or a range from one Y column). The X column displays the wind direction, and the Y columns contain the wind speed values. If there is an associated X column, X column supplies X values; otherwise, sampling interval of the Y column or row number is used.
From the menu, choose Plot > 2D : Windrose: Wind Rose-Raw Data..
Click the Wind Rose-Raw Data button on the 2D Graphs toolbar.
Then the dialog of the plot_windrose X-Function opens, allowing you to specify the options for creating the graph.
Click OK in the dialog to create the graph.
Specify the input data range.
Specify the data range for wind direction data.
Specify the data range for wind speed data.
Choose the rows of the data range from which the windrose graph is plotted.
The first row of the range.
The last row of the range.
The direction data will be divided into sectors and the counts of data points that fall into each sector will be used to create the windrose plot. You can select or enter the number of sectors for direction data here.
Specify the direction labels which will be shown on the windrose plot.
Show four direction labels in the windrose, including N, E, S, W.
Show eight direction labels in the windrose, including N, NE, E, SE, S, SW, W, NW.
Show sixteen direction labels in the windrose, including N, NNE, NE, ENE, E, ESE, SE, SSE, S, SSW, SW, WSW, W, WNW, NW, NNW.
Specify the settings for wind speed binning.
Specify the minimum binning level for wind speed.
Specify the maximum binning level for wind

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.129192
Retrieved Text: Install Turbo C++ 3.0 IDE and install it in folder C:\TC. Thats all now you are all done to start your games programming fantasies.
Go to C:\TC\Bin there you will find a executable file called TC execute it and IDE (What is IDE?) will load itself.
Now go to File Menu and choose New.
Now Press F2 to save the file. Give it name pingpong.c.
Now you are all set to rock.
Score : Player A Score & Player B Score.
}batA, batB; // Create Two Bats For Each User.
once. You can modify parameters here to see the changes. If you are unable to understand what function does press SHIFT + F1 and see in index or you are free to contanct us..
void initialize () // Initialize the game.
Now we take a big step forward. We move from static to dynamic and we design a game engine for us to do that. Now lets take a overview what is changing.
1. Bats move up and down for both players on thier will.
2. Ball moves between the two bats controlled by computer.
3. Score Changes when a player miss.
We introduce this function in main() and when this function returns the game exit.
All this occurs in our game engine function called play ( ). In this function there is a infinite while loop which exits only when player press exit command (Q Key). Now we discuss each part of game engine in details.
To check for input we use a function called inportb and for that we need header <dos.h>. We use 0X60 port designated to keyboard.
Then

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.084385
Retrieved Text: To add an item to your basket, simply click on the picture or name of the item that you wish to order.
The Lasco Micro Ultra Machine is light weight, easy to use, and extremely portable. This machine is ultra quiet and ultra smooth. The unit comes complete with a 110 Volt variable slide speed control box with LED speed indicator, stainless steel micro motor hand piece, hand piece stand, and foot control.
Use the table top slide speed control box or the foot control to quickly adjust the hand piece to any desired speed up to a maximum of 35,000 RPM. The control box also has a forward and reverse switch to select the direction you would like the hand piece to run. The machine accepts all 3/32 inch standard hand piece burs and includes a One Year Warranty.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.073275
Retrieved Text: Our events offer a fresh alternative to speed dating and matchmaking in Cincinnati. We don't find anything romantic about whistles, name-tags or over-the-top party trimmings typically found at singles events so we have done away with them. Creating an atmosphere that is at once casual and comfortable. It's what we call cheeky-chic!
A low key, sophisticated approach to dating in Cincinnati. Preferring a 'less is more' environment devoid of typical event trappings. Gone are the name-tags, shouting and over-the-top party trimmings. Meeting your special someone shouldn't be anything but a comfortable and relaxed experience. Creating a private club atmosphere while recognizing our clients are also our product - we reward lovely daters with discounts and complimentary events and refuse service to anyone we don't think you'll fancy meeting. This is where being lovely has it's perks!
Our personable hosts will assist you with your SpeedCincinnati 'Date-Mate' Scorecard. Flirty and fun, your Scorecard is just the beginning. Chat up our Hosts for tips or simply to ask, which direction the bar is in! After being shown to your table, the ladies will remain seated for the duration of the event. The gents move from lovely lady to lovely lady every six to seven minutes. Simply jot down your potential 'Date-Mates' at the bottom of your Scorecard and we'll take care of the rest. For those who garner matches, you will be notified via e-mail within 24 hours of the event ending of your 'Date-Mate' results.
What is SpeedCincinnati Dating & UK Style?
SpeedCincinnati Dating is imported directly from the UK. It

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.018805
Retrieved Text: DC Motor Speed Controller,The full name of pulse width modulation is Pulse Width Modulator.Abbreviation PWM. DC motor governor is a device for adjusting the speed of a DC motor. DC motor has the characteristics of low speed and large torque which can not be replaced by the AC motor.Therefore, the equipment that regulates the speed of the DC motor - DC governor can be widely used.It is often used in DC load circuits due to its special properties. Lamp dimming or DC motor speed regulation, HW-1020 governor are made by pulse width modulation (PWM) principle. Such as Motor governor and PWM governor.
Industrial DC motor speed regulation, industrial conveyor belt speed regulation, lighting and lighting mediation, computer power supply cooling, DC fan, etc., have been widely used.
1>. Turn the potentiometer counterclockwise until you hear the sound from potentiometer.
2>. Connect DC motor or lamp which meets the requirements at ‘MOTOR+’ and ‘MOTOR-’.
3>. Connect DC power supply at ‘DC IN+’ and ‘DC IN-’.
4>. Adjust knob to control speed for motor.
5>. If need to stop,you can turn the potentiometer counterclockwise until you hear the sound from potentiometer.
6>. Remove power supply before remove DC motor.
1>. It is working for DC motor and just can connect to DC power supply. So please don’t connect AC 110V or 220V power supply!Otherwise it will damage the module!
2>. The positive and negative poles of the DC power supply can not be reversed, Otherwise the governor will damage.
3>. Motor can be divided into positive and negative, when the direction of operation and expectations are inconsistent, you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.007929
Retrieved Text: As a homeowner, it’s important to utilize appliances such as fans in a way that benefits you and your heating and cooling bill. Knowing what direction to run your fans throughout the year will help the home feel more comfortable and help keep you and your family warmer or cooler depending on the season.
For a cooling effect fans should run in a counterclockwise or forward motion. This helps to force air down in the room which gives a wind chill effect that makes a room feel cooler. Ultimately the warmer the weather, the higher the speed of the fan should be. If you’re not feeling the fan, turn the fan off and use the reverse toggle switch and turn it back on at high speed.
Some homeowners save up to 40% on air conditioning costs with these changes. It reduces the use of central or window air conditioning units and creates a cooling wind chill effect on the skin that can make a room feel up to 8 degrees cooler.
During the summer you will want maximum wind chill effect. This means that the main column of air rushing straight down from the fan. It’s important to understand that if your fan is not directly over the area you want to feel cooler then you might find it is more comfortable to run your fan at a higher speed in the wrong direction, which will push air out further to where you’re spending most of your time. This all depends on fan placement in your home.
During the winter,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.959879
Retrieved Text: Alright, so speed can be defined as "the distance covered in a unit of time," or basically "how fast something is moving." It, like distance, is a scalar quantity, and doesn't show distance. Velocity, on the other hand, is a vector and is essentially speed with direction. We can also define velocity as "the rate of change of displacement," whereas speed is simply "the rate of change of distance." Velocity, as a vector, can be added or subtracted, an idea that we will explore in more detail when we get to the topic of relative motion. Speed and velocity is usually defined over an interval, but in some cases, we might need the instantaneous speed and velocities, which, as the name suggests, is basically the speed or velocity at a single given time, so it can't be calculated with distance or displacement over a time interval, since there is no interval.
Assuming Person A (Justin) and Person B (Howard) both reach the set destination (which is equal distance from each of them) in the same amount of time, Justin would have a much higher speed, but in terms of velocity, Justin and Howard were the same.
Now we also have something called acceleration which is essentially an object's change in velocity over a given time. Again, acceleration, just like all other vectors, can be added or subtracted.
Now remember, this is the change in the displacement over time, so we must take into account the direction. Typically we find acceleration in problems with linear motion, but must remember that

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.958912
Retrieved Text: Zip Arrow is an original indicator with flexible customization capabilities. Every user will be able to customize it according to trading style and currency pair. The indicator does not change its values, it has a filter which allows showing the signal only in the direction of the main trend.
TPeriod - trend filter setting. When the value increases, the signals will be displayed only in the direction of the main trend. It is recommended to set value above 100 for explicit filtering.
GPeriod - global value of the indicator. It may be either greater or less than the local value.
LPeriod - local value of the indicator. It may be either greater or less than the global value.
Speed - slowing in the indicator calculations. When the value increases, the signals will appear relatively later.
mode - calculation method of the indicator.
BUY_sound - activate the audio signal and displaying a dialog box for the BUY signals.
SELL_sound - activate the audio signal and displaying a dialog box for the SELL signals.
Sound_BUY - name of the audio file.
Sound_SELL - name of the audio file.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.944662
Retrieved Text: GPS Mobile ITS | What Car?
GPS Mobile ITS: now there's a name for a system that tells you little about what it does!
In fact, it is designed to reduce impacts with pedestrians using data sent by global positioning satellites (GPS).
The satellites track the car and any pedestrians carrying GPS-equipped mobile phones, which are set to become more popular in coming years.
Correlating the two, it then flashes a warning on the sat-nav screen whenever a GPS-equipped pedestrian is near a blind junction.
In the future it is hoped the system will calculate the pedestrian's direction and speed of travel and correlate it with the car's, so that it can decide when to send a warning.
Otherwise, of course, the risk is that the system will be constantly flashing warnings in built-up areas and the driver will then ignore them.
Full testing of the system is set to begin in 2008, but an on-sale date has not been released and could be some way off.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.880117
Retrieved Text: A rectangular billboard in space has the dimensions 10 meters by 20 meters. How fast and in what direction with respect to the billboard would a space travler have to pass for the billboard to appear square?
How long would a meter stick appear if it were travelling like a properly thrown spear at 99.5% of the speed of light?
State and explain the principle of equivalence. Please also provide one or two simple examples.
Suppose a person riding on top of a freight car shines a searchlight beam in the direction in which the train is traveling.Compare the speed of the light beam relative to the ground when; A) The train is at rest. B) The train is moving.How does the behaviour of the light beam differ from the behaviour of a bullet fired in the same direction from the top of the freight car?
A certain quasar recedes from Earth at v=0.870c. A jet of material ejected from teh quasar back toward Earth moves at 0.550c relative to the quasar. Find the speed of the ejected material relative to Earth.
A supertrain of proper length 100 m travels at a speed of 0.95 c as it passes through a tunnel having proper length 50m. As seen by a trackside observer, is the train ever completely within the tunnel? If so, by how much?
A rectangular billboard in space has the dimensions 10 meters. by 20 meters. How fast and in what direction with respect to the billboard would a space traveler have to pass to for the billboard to appear

================



======= Instance Index 9401 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Other types of flatworms are parasitic. That means they live inside another organism, called a host, in order to get the food and energy they need. For example, tapeworms have a head-like area with tiny hooks and suckers (known as the scolex ) that help the worm attach to the intestines of an animal host ( Figure below ). There are over 11,000 species of parasitic flatworms.


Q: What does parasitic mean?

 Choices:

- mutual benefit

- welcome guest

- symbiotic

- lives in host

A:

Target Text: lives in host

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.581646
Retrieved Text: My battery was not holding a charge, so I went to autozone and got the battery, starter, and alternator diagnostic. The alternator failed. I bought a new alternator and put this in my car. I went back to autozone and got the three diagnostics again, and this time they all passed. BUT, the next morning it was dead again.
After I replaced my alternator, I was driving around at night to test it again, and my dashboard that displays the milage would dim periodically.
Sometimes I have a starter fuse blow, and I have to replace it.
What should be my next step in diagnosing this?
The battery not holding a charge suggests a draw, parasitic draw we call that, current drawing with key out of car.
Auto zone has good parts clerks, might be beyond their skill level to check this out.
Are you comfortable using a DVOM and wiring diagrams?
So my trunk will not latch. Perhaps that is why, but the trunk didn't latch for weeks before any battery issue happened.
Might want to check out google - see if you tube offers a tutorial 'parasitic draws'.
If you are comfortable after that we will find the diagrams, if you can utilize them while working with a DVOM or test light.
I'm giving you the instructions to find a parasitic draw. If you understand electrical circuits enough to follow it, then go for it. If not, then you need to send it to a professional.
Just what to you mean by "trunk doesn't latch" exactly? Is it supposed to pull down by itself with

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.578411
Retrieved Text: The attending physician confirmed that a patient walked into the emergency room with the giant parasite wrapped around a toilet paper tube.
A Fresno man turned up at a local emergency room carrying a 5-foot-long tapeworm he pulled out of his own intestine.
In January 2018, readers notified us that a number of news outlets had reported that a man in Fresno, California, had walked into a local emergency room carrying a 5-foot-long tapeworm he said he had pulled out of his own body after experiencing symptoms that included cramping and bloody diarrhea.
We decided to check the story out for ourselves by contacting the person named as the attending physician, Dr. Kenny Banh.
It’s all true, Dr. Banh told us, right down to the toilet paper roll.
“I have seen and treated intestinal worms and parasites before, but never had a patient bring in a giant tapeworm,” he said in an e-mail.
Tapeworms are a type of parasitic flatworm (also called cestode) most often taken into the body by eating contaminated raw meat or fish. They reside in the digestive tracts of infected human beings or nonhuman animals, where they hold themselves in place using the suckers on their heads, and they may or may not cause noticeable symptoms ranging from abdominal discomfort to intestinal blockage. They can grow to more than 30 feet in length.
What was Banh’s first thought when he saw the creature?
Treatment for tapeworms in humans is fairly simple: usually a single dose of an oral antihelminthic, a drug that kills the worms, “similar to the deworming medication

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.278856
Retrieved Text: What does a beaver in Tuktoyaktuk mean for Grey-Bruce?
CBC Radio’s Quirks and Quarks aired a piece on the Emerald Ash Borer. In this audio link you will hear perhaps some of what you already knew but also some updated info which will be of interest to most BGWA members.
The Canadian Forest Service announced Wednesday it is releasing parasitic wasps in Ontario and Quebec this week in an effort to control the population of emerald ash borers. Read full story on CBC News. What do you think?? Leave a comment, start a discussion.
See this recent Owen Sound Sun-Times article for an update on the spread of the Emerald Ash Borer in Grey & Bruce counties. BGWA Board members Donna Lacey and Cam Bennett were featured interviewees in the story.
Woodlands-related news from Science Daily: This iridescent jewel beetle, responsible for the death of more than 50 million ash trees in the United States, has blazed an absolute path of destruction west since its discovery in Michigan in 2002. Recently the pest has been detected in Colorado, and just this spring it was confirmed in Nebraska and Texas. Researchers have been doing more than just watching the migration patterns — they’ve been studying the creature in hopes of helping to slow it. Read full article.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.184439
Retrieved Text: Parasitic extraction is an important step in the physical back end verification flow. It is a cornerstone of sign off verification, yet it is often seen as black magic by a number of designers who blindly rely on results provided by commercial tools, leading to simulation results that are not what was expected. Leading to the challenge of opening this “parasitic” black box in order to understand if what is experienced is a bug or a feature.
During this webinar we will introduce tools and methods that will help solve these mind boggling issues. We will show how to build a powerful QA methodology to prevent unexpected results from happening when the parasitic extraction flows are updated. Finally we will present a number of very simple but effective ways to perform parasitic-based calculations to get to first pass success faster.
Methods to explore and debug parasitic designs.
Methods to compare and survey various parasitic extraction solutions.
Simple method to obtain parasitic-centric results.
CAD teams, engineers and management looking for solutions to evaluate, survey, understand and improve their parasitic extraction flows. Engineers looking for smart methods to build custom analyses flows based on parasitic-centric figures (resistance, capacitance, interconnect delays).

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.928787
Retrieved Text: When I was a kid, I was certain I was going to be a biologist. I collected all kinds of lizards, tadpoles, and insects, and spent most of my allowance on aquariums for my various creatures to live in. However, one thing really held me back. I am super grossed out by parasites. I will let a mantis or snake crawl all over me, but even looking at a tapeworm gives me dry heaves. Eventually, I went into engineering, where nothing needs weekend feedings. While parasitic circuit parameters are bad news, they’ve never made me throw up at work.
In particular, parasitic inductance (L) can have a significant impact on how effective your electrostatic discharge (ESD) protection is. Managing your interfaces and using transient voltage suppressors (TVS) at your inputs are critical first steps. However, if you don’t minimize parasitic inductance all that work can go to waste. This is especially true when you’re using a TVS. If a TVS diode experiences high parasitic inductance, in the event of an ESD pulse the voltage might be allowed to overshoot dramatically and not protect your components at all.
I kept lots of little creatures, like anoles, but a strenuous aversion to parasites kept me from a career in biology.
What does parasitic inductance do to my protection circuit?
We can work this out if you look at the inductance in a TVS protection circuit and think way back to your introductory circuits class.
The voltage of the ESD pulse (VESD) can be considered: VESD = VBREAKDOWN(TVS) + RDYNAMIC(TVS)*IESD + LESD(dIESD/dt). If you

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.75662
Retrieved Text: Citation: Davies, K.A., Ye, W., Taylor, G.S., Scheffer, S.J., Giblin Davis, R. 2016. Galling problems – the Fergusobia nematode/Fergusonina fly mutualism on Myrtaceous hosts. Journal of Nematology. 18:629-649.
Interpretive Summary: Damage and disease caused by parasitic nematode worms make them one of the most important groups affecting animal and plant health. Losses to U.S. agriculture from nematode attack of crop plants exceed millions of dollars annually. However, nematodes that attack insects are important biological control agents for reducing insect pests of various crops. This manuscript reviews recent research on Fergusobia nematodes, a group that feeds on plants in the Myrtaceae (eucalyptus family). These nematodes also have an insect-parasitic life stage not seen in other plant-feeding nematodes. New data on the plants and the nematodes are provided in order to further clarify host relationships and evolutionary history. Results from this research will be of interest to nematologists, entomologists, ecologists, and evolutionary biologists.
Technical Abstract: Fergusobia (Sphaerularioidea, Tylenchidae) is the only known nematode to have a dicyclic life cycle with a generation in a plant (a myrtaceous host) followed by one in an insect (a Fergusonina fly). The nematode and fly have a mutualistic association, with the nematode inducing a plant gall on which the fly feeds and develops, and the fly providing transport for the nematode. The life cycle, specificity, diversity and distribution of the nematode are described, and the nematode phylogeny is discussed. Fergusobia is monophyletic, but its origins are unclear. This paper raises questions about Fergusobia, including: what model best accounts for evolution of the known diversity

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.67514
Retrieved Text: Background: Parasitic infestation of the appendix is uncommon. Parasitic infections can cause inflammation in the appendix and can imitate acute appendicitis clinically. Enterobius vermicularis and Taenia species are among the most common parasitic agents causing acute appendicitis. Objective: We have studied the ratio of parasites causing acute appendicitis in appendectomy specimens and whether there is any relationship between the type of the parasite, histopathological type of acute appendicitis, age of the patient, and gender of the patient in the appendectomy cases. Materials and Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the data of 2400 patients who underwent appendectomy with the prediagnosis of acute appendicitis between 1st January 2004 and 31st March 2018 at Erzincan University. The age of the patient, gender of the patient, histopathologic type of acute appendicitis, and the type of parasite were retrospectively analyzed. Positive appendectomy specimens for histopathological features of acute appendicitis were classified into four groups: catarrhal appendicitis, suppurative appendicitis, gangrenous appendicitis, and perforated appendicitis. Results: In all, 1451 were males and 949 were females. The mean age was 25.51 years. No acute inflammation was found in 36 appendectomy specimens. The distribution of 2364 cases involving acute appendicitis was as follows: catarrhal appendicitis: 438, suppurative appendicitis: 300, gangrenous appendicitis: 1082, and perforated appendicitis: 544. Parasites were identified in 32 cases. The ratio of appendices to parasites was 1.3%. The number of appendectomy cases with Enterobius vermicularis was 22, and the number with Taenia species was 10. Conclusion: Although they are a rare cause of acute appendicitis, parasitic infestations must always be considered. Accurate identification

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.483204
Retrieved Text: To create much more benefit for Anti Parasitic Medication For Humans , anti parasitic medication for humans , Anti Parasitic Medication , should you've any query or wish to place an initial buy make sure you will not wait to get hold of us.
"It truly is our responsibility to fulfill your requirements and successfully provide you. Your fulfillment is our best reward. We're seeking forward in your check out for joint development for Anti Parasitic Medication For Humans , anti parasitic medication for humans , Anti Parasitic Medication , Since the establishment of our company we've realized the importance of providing good quality goods and the best before-sales and after-sales services. Most problems between global suppliers and clients are due to poor communication. Culturally suppliers can be reluctant to question points they do not understand. We break down these barriers to ensure you get what you want to the level you expect when you want it.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.483189
Retrieved Text: Five free-ranging mink, Neovison vison mink, from in or near the Fakahatchee Strand Preserve State Park, Collier County, Florida (26°00′N, 81°25′W), were examined for parasitic helminths. Nine species of helminths were identified (2 trematodes, 5 nematodes, and 2 acanthocephalans). The most prevalent parasites were Molineus patens (4 of 5 mink), mean intensity 173 (range, 12–342); Strongyloides sp. (4 of 5), mean intensity 48 (range, 1–170); Macracanthorhynchus ingens (immature) (4 of 5), mean intensity 2.5 (range, 1–4); and Alaria mustelae (3 of 5), mean intensity 59.3 (range, 11–127). Polymorphus brevis and Dirofilaria lutrae are reported from the mink for the first time.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.397644
Retrieved Text: A bee carrying a parasitic mite.
When last we visited the issue of sudden colony collapse, which is worrying farmers by emptying beehives across the US, a parasitic fungus was being tapped as a potential cause. An early access publication in today's Science Express revisits the issue and, although it finds the fungus is more frequent in infected samples, the study suggests a virus is the actual culprit. But a global look at the parasite load in these sick bees suggests there are still some unanswered questions.
The new work performed large scale sequencing on a number of samples from colonies that have collapsed, plus a few that have remained healthy. At the bacterial level, everything looked reasonably normal; there were no major differences between the two types of hives. The same was true for a trypanosomal sequence that appears to be part of the Leishmania family. Funguses, including the one previously suggested as a potential cause, also appeared in unaffected hives. Things finally got interesting when viruses were examined. One virus, Israeli acute paralysis virus of bees, had a 95 percent association with colony collapse.
So, mystery solved? Not really. The authors show that the virus appears to have arrived in the US with bees imported from Australia, a practice that began at about the same time as colony collapses were noted. But Australia does not appear to have any problems with its bee population, suggesting something else must be involved. The researchers suggest US-only parasitic mites or the chemicals used to control them as possible enabling factors.
There

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.290802
Retrieved Text: Scabies are parasites. Here's one up close and personal.
What are parasitics? Parasitic elements, also called "parasitics" are the difference between ideal passive components, and real-life hardware. Lumped elements such as capacitors and inductors all have parasitic elements associated with them. Why do we call them "parasitics" instead of "parasites?" It's almost the same word, but "parasites" is associated with creepy-crawly things like that sarcoptes scabiei n the video above.
Capacitors have parasitic series inductance and resistance. The inductor/capacitor combination causes a self-resonance that manufacturers often specify. Here's a discussion of the effects of equivalent series resistance (ESR) of capacitors.
Inductors have parasitic series resistance and parallel capacitance. The inductor/capacitor combination causes a self-resonance that manufacturers often specify.
Resistors have parasitic series inductance, and capacitance to ground, so they behave like lossy transmission lines. Typically, you want a resistor to have no more than 1/16 of a wavelength in phase length.
Transmission lines have parasitic losses which reduce their quality factor.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.145575
Retrieved Text: FX proved that comic book shows don’t have to be formulaic. In fact, if they’re like Legion, they can be trippy and strange, and even make you question your own sanity. That’s what the show’s hero (or antihero, we’re still not sure) David Haller does for most of the first season as he struggles with his incredible abilities and the parasitic monster (played by a hellishly fun Aubrey Plaza) who preys on his mind.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.074228
Retrieved Text: Douglas Crockford has written about durable objects and parasitic inheritance which concern encapsulation and code reuse, respectively. Along my exploratory path I had read his articles and watched his talks on the web about these and other topics. I knew they were all good concepts for one thing or another but I didn't see how the durable object and parasitic inheritance concepts in particular comprised most of the solution I sought. I pursed various OOP styles. When I arrived at what feels like the end of my search, I realized I had essentially combined these two concepts which Douglas has evangelized.
I now also see that parasitic inheritance is really The Decorator Pattern in disguise. The decorator pattern gives the benefits of code reuse supplied by extends-type inheritance without the drawbacks of the template pattern also supplied by extends-type inheritance. Adding the decorator pattern explicitly into the mix with durable objects and parasitic inheritance is a powerful and natural fit.
// a base item or a base item that has already been decorated.
// Decorate a beverage with a different condiment.
// Watch the changes as my coffee is made in stages.
Suppose a house blend coffee with milk and sugar is a very common order. writing decorateWithSugar(decorateWithMilk(makeHouseBlend())) or pressing three buttons on the cash register for each order is a bit tedious. It may be worth our while to write a special maker function for this particularly common drink and map it to a key on the cash register.
The above maker function does the same job that one of Douglas'

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.040653
Retrieved Text: Relationships between various organisms stem to achieve an ultimate objective - survival. In mutualistic relationships, all involved in the relationship help each other survive, whereas in parasitic relationships, only one of those have an upper hand. But in spite of this chaos, how does nature maintain a balance? In a new study, scientists have studied examples of such relationships between termites and fungi - both mutualistic and parasitic - and have uncovered some interesting strategies adopted by these fungi to survive and thrive.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.997147
Retrieved Text: Representative of the wasp (Hymenoptera) family Orussidae: the parasitic wood wasp Orussus abietinus parasitizes wood-boring beetle larvae and exhibits numerous remarkable characteristics, such as an ovipositor that internally loops through the abdomen and thorax and eggs longer than the body size of the adult female.
What makes parasitic wood wasps even more interesting, however, is the fact that they are the only lineage of parasitic wasps that primarily do not possess a wasp waist. In fact, orussids are thought to be the sister lineage of the tremendously successful and species rich Apocrita. The latter include all primarily parasitic wasps with wasp waist and all ants and bees.
Orussids are critical for understanding the evolution of a parasitoid life history and the associated adaptations at the genomic level.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.741468
Retrieved Text: Parasitic flies that turn honeybees into night-flying zombies could provide another clue to cracking the mystery of colony collapse disorder.
Since 2007, thousands of hives in the US have been decimated as bees inexplicably go missing overnight. The best explanation so far is that multiple stresses, perhaps parasitic mites, viruses or pesticides, combine to tip the bees over the edge.
John Hafernik of San Francisco State University in California and colleagues discovered that hosting Apocephalus borealis, a parasitic fly found throughout North America, makes bees fly around in a disoriented way at night, when they normally roost in the hive, before killing them.
Although unlikely to be the sole cause of colony collapse disorder, Hafernik thinks the parasitic fly discovery may help explain why bees quit their hives. “They seem to leave their hives in the middle of the night on what we call the ‘flight of the living dead’,” he says.
Since the discovery, the parasitic flies have been found at 77 per cent of sites in San Francisco Bay, and in hives in South Dakota.
Hafernik’s team will now investigate whether the nocturnal flights occur because the parasites affect the bees’ “clock” genes, which govern when they are active. It is also possible that contaminated bees are ejected to save the hive.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.682306
Retrieved Text: If I buy from a foreign seller like Titan Monster Beetles, can I import a native species like D tityus without trouble?
Not without an importation permit.
Nope. The problem of importation of live organisms not only lies with whether that species can adapt to new environment, and also causes a harm to native species, but also other parasitic organisms (including insects, ticks, plant parts, pathogens, etc.) that is attached to THAT organism(s). So even if D. tityus is already occur in the U.S., does not mean you can import it from Japan, China, Taiwan, or elsewhere.
Plus, why would you want to buy a US native from a breeder in Taiwan? I am sure the shipping charges are extremely high. If you do not want to find your own beetles, then I think Peter has some available on bugsincyberspace right now.
Are there any other breeders via Taiwan or China?
There is Kingdom of Beetles, which I think is also in Taiwan. I also saw beetles being sold at pet markets in Shanghai, so there may be more beetle breeders in China that do not ship internationally.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.666882
Retrieved Text: We believe this creature is probably a nematode. There are estimated to be about 20,000 species of nematodes present around the world. Some are so tiny that they are invisible to the naked eye, while others are several inches long. They are colorless and don’t have any legs or appendages. So, what exactly is a nematode? It is a roundworm! They are structurally simple organisms that have even been described as “a tube within a tube.” If you look closely, you can even distinguish the two “tubes” that make up the organism in the photo!
While some nematodes are free-living, others are parasitic, relying on plant or insect (and sometimes human) hosts to survive. Free-living nematodes play an important role in the environment by controlling plant diseases, insect pests, and by making nutrients more available to plants. They can have a huge (positive) influence on the health of the soil. So, what role do parasitic nematodes play? Plant-parasitic nematodes damage plant root systems, cause stunted growth and sometimes lead to plant death. A plant that is infected by a nematode will appear yellow, wilted, and/or stunted. Luckily, the most common plant-parasitic nematodes are way smaller than the creature our reader found. Since the nematode our reader found is free-living, we believe it is a beneficial nematode!
To wrap up, today we responded to a reader who found a tiny, translucent worm near her moss plant. We believe this creature is a nematode, which is a roundworm! While there are parasitic nematodes, and even some that infect humans, we

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.613905
Retrieved Text: Conopholis americana (L.) Wallr. f.
American squaw-root is a parasitic plant that derives its nutrients solely from the roots of oaks (Quercus), by connecting to them with specialized roots called haustoria. American squaw-root only grows in the presence of oaks and does none of its own photosynthesis. In late spring the strange cone-shaped inflorescence is pale cream colored, later turning brown. It may persist all winter, appearing shrivelled and black by spring. It is eaten by deer and bears that serve as effective dispersers of the seeds.
American squaw-root. Orobanche americana L. • CT, MA, ME, NH, RI, VT. Deciduous forests. This plant is parasitic on several different species of the genus Quercus.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.567062
Retrieved Text: DC cryogenic flow systems require very high effectiveness heat exchangers to reduce input power, while also requiring the heat exchangers to have low size, weight, power, and cost (SWaP-C). Cryocoolers for applications well below 20 K, such as superconducting digital electronics and space-based cosmic background detectors, demand very high efficiencies. In cryogenic heat exchangers, heat transfer is ideally accomplished through the transverse conduction of heat through the heat exchanger walls from the hot side to the cold side. However, cryogenic heat exchangers are inherently susceptible to performance penalties associated with parasitic heat conduction within the plane of the heat exchanger walls.
In an attempt to leverage the high effectiveness of microplate heat exchangers while minimizing parasitic losses, Micro Cooling Concepts (MC2), in cooperation with Ceramatec and Ball Aerospace, developed a concept that utilizes laminates with highly anisotropic thermal conductance to fabricate a cryogenic microplate heat exchanger with operating temperatures in the 4-16 K range. This work was funded by the US Navy under the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program.
The cryogenic heat exchanger developed in the Navy Phase I SBIR effort utilized a composite assembly of lightweight ceramic (Pyrex) substrate with metal (silicon) vias. This approach had the advantages of increased heat exchanger effectiveness, reduced in-plane parasitic conduction losses, and a design and fabrication methodology applicable over a wide array of applications and temperature ranges.
The improved thermal performance, combined with the lower density of Pyrex and silicon, mean that heat exchanger weight reductions of 4X – 8X can be achieved while maintaining extremely low core pressure losses.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.512997
Retrieved Text: Nematode-bacterial symbiosis is largely uncharted territory — there is so much to be discovered!
Nematodes are (generally) tiny worms that are found in great numbers in most habitats on earth: in the oceans, freshwater, and soils, where they often feed on bacteria.
Many nematodes, however, are parasitic and cause serious diseases in plants, animals, and fungi. These parasitic nematodes tend to have limited diets — sometimes deficient in “animal-essential nutrients” (i.e. nutrients they cannot synthesize de novo). These insects also have other challenges, such as evading their host’s immune response or defending against other microbes.
As a consequence, some parasitic nematodes have become dependent on microbial partners for survival. We focus on plant-parasitic nematodes (PPNs) and their symbionts, such as those pictured above.
We are especially interested in using metagenomics and comparative genomics to study what these communities of nematode-associated microbes do, where they come from, how they vary to benefit or control pest PPNs.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.454947
Retrieved Text: EcoGnosis Is it God or Satan?
The 24-member team worked for nearly 15 years and spent more than $30 million to synthesise a parasitic bacteria found in cattle and goats. Immediately, the dangers are evident. Is the Venter Institute playing god?
The more we progress, the less the likelihood of science and ethics having a happy relationship. Or, more correctly, we have to redefine established ideas or norms of behaviour with each scientific breakthrough.
There are no absolutes here but this does not mean that questions cannot and will not be raised. As they are being about the laboratory made life form made at the J Craig Venter Institute, owned by maverick scientist Craig Venter.
The 24-member team worked for nearly 15 years and spent more than $30 million to synthesise a parasitic bacteria found in cattle and goats, Mycoplasma mycoides, to create the M mycoides JCVI-syn1.0.
The purpose of this new creature is to eat up CO2 and bacteria to make bio-fuels, foods and new vaccines and clean up toxic waste. Immediately, the dangers are evident. Is the Venter Institute playing god?
Is this the end of civilisation as we know it? While the creation of Dolly, the cloned sheep did not lead to an invasion of the body-snatchers, the fears of bacteria being misused in chemical warfare are not just the stuff of C-grade Hollywood thrillers.
Already, we have to deal with genetically modified foods, cloning, stem cell research and even the Big Bang experiment at CERN, all of which in their own way tamper with the natural order of things

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.286695
Retrieved Text: Why doesn’t Sir David Attenborough give credit to God?
‘When Creationists talk about God creating every individual species as a separate act, they always instance hummingbirds, or orchids, sunflowers and beautiful things.
‘But I tend to think instead of a parasitic worm that is boring through the eye of a boy sitting on the bank of a river in West Africa, [a worm] that’ going to make him blind.
Sir David Attenborough: ‘Well, if you ask…about that, then you see remarkable things like that earwig and you also see all very beautiful things like hummingbirds, orchids, and so on. But you also ought to think of the other, less attractive things. You ought to think of tapeworms.
‘You ought to think of … well, think of a parasitic worm that lives only in the eyeballs of human beings, boring its way through them, in West Africa, for example, where it’ common, turning people blind.
‘So if you say, “I believe that God designed and created and brought into existence every single species that exists,” then you’ve also got to say, “Well, he, at some stage, decided to bring into existence a worm that’ going to turn people blind.” Now, I find that very difficult to reconcile with notions about a merciful God.
This is a theological argument rather than a scientific argument — it is about what a god supposedly would or would not do rather than about the scientific evidence. It’s ironic that Attenborough claims that the Intelligent Design Movement is about theology while evolution is about science, yet his main

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.25172
Retrieved Text: Why is my dog so itchy? You love your pooch, but does their constant scratching and biting get annoying sometimes? Many dog owners have this problem and just want to know why their dogs seem so itchy. This article will discuss the various reasons why dogs scratch, lick, and bite themselves.
If your dog is itchy you probably first think it's fleas or something wrong with their skin and you may be right. Skin and coat problems in dogs are commonly categorized as environmental, nutritional, parasitic, and allergic. Since there are so many possible causes of skin problems, you will need to take your canine to the veterinarian to get a proper diagnosis of the specific issue and how to treat it.
Environmental dermatitis is exactly what it sounds like. It's caused by something in the dog's environment. The dog is healthy, but it's skin gets irritated by something. A dog may be sensitive to something like grass or thistle.
Nutritional dermatitis is when the dog's diet is the cause of the problem. Not all commercial pet foods are as nutritional as you may think. Many pet foods are less expensive because they are full of grain and by-products. Your dog needs a good pet food that contains mostly meat as well as vegetables. If meat isn't the first ingredient on your dog's food then you probably need better food. Without the proper nutrition your dog's skin, coat, and entire body is actually in a state of stress causing things like health problems and skin irritation.
Parasitic dermatitis is fleas,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.219833
Retrieved Text: * Ivermectin is used to treat parasitic infections (worms), primarily onchocerciasis.
Ivermectin (Trade name: Stromectol ) is used to treat parasitic infections such as onchocerciasis (river blindness), strongyloides, cutaneous larva migrans and filiariasis. Ivermectin treats strongyloidosis by killing the worms in the intestines. It treats onchocerciasis by killing the developing worms. Ivermectin does not kill the adult worms that cause onchocerciasis and therefore it will not cure this type of infection. It's also useful in certain cases of scabies where other treatments have failed. It works by paralyzing the parasite.
Ivermectin is typically taken as a capsule by mouth. One dose is usually what is prescribed, although if it is prescribed for onchocerciasis, additional doses at 3, 6, and 12 months may be necessary. If you are taking it for strongyloides, several stool examinations may be required to see if the infection has cleared.
Ivermectin is generally well tolerated and side effects are mild and rare. They may include a fast heart rate, flushing, nausea, lightheadedness.
For the treatment of onchocerciasis, side effects may also include fever, rash, muscle or joint aches and tender glands and eye irritation/swelling or pain.
In treatment of strongyloidiasis, side effects may include diarrhoea and skin rash.
* Ivermectin does not interact with other medications.
* Notify your doctor if you are allergic to ivermectin or any medication.
* Notify your doctor if you've ever had meningitis or any other conditions that might affect your immune system.
* If you're taking Ivermectin for onchocerciasis, you may experience dizziness, lightheadedness, or fainting if you stand up quickly. Take care to get

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.195631
Retrieved Text: At the IQ2 Debate, asking, are we becoming enslaved by technology? , the negative side (the side that was cheerleading technology as liberator) – with the possible exception of Princeton philosopher and celebrity debater Peter Singer – presented interestingly nuanced arguments, as did some of the audience members who came to the microphones.
In addition, from my perspective, those who argued in the affirmative (that yes, we are becoming enslaved by technology) offered some illuminating arguments regarding the role of addiction in making the claims of “choice” hollow.
Alastair McGibbon convincingly argued that our increasing dependence on technology for getting us through our days and nights is removing the power of choice. Katina Michael’s amazing long poem then filled in the vast stream of evidence documenting the slowly boiling frog transfer of power and agency from brain, body, and relationship, to an emperor-has-no-clothes mechanism.
Stepping back, one sees that the two sides of the debate can be partitioned into what technology has done and is doing for us (as the technology is liberating side proclaimed), versus what technology has done and is doing to us, as Bernard Keene so aptly pointed out and Nicholas Carr illuminates in depth in his new book, The Glass Cage: Automation and Us .
Unfortunately, the two choices, affirmative or negative to the proposition, left out what for me is the reality of our ongoing affair with technology. That is, that technology is the proverbial double-edged sword, both liberating and enslaving. Or to give it an oxymoronic Shakespearean twist – “Feather of lead, bright smoke,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.109665
Retrieved Text: Parasitic infections in people are more common than you might think, especially in certain regions in the world such as the tropics and subtropics. These parasites often result in disease, particularly if they’re left untreated.
Malaria, the most common parasitic infection, is an ancient disease that affects millions of people worldwide.
Artemisia, specifically, was confirmed as a highly effective treatment for parasitic infections like malaria by Novel Prize researcher Youyou.
This unique formulation of herbs is designed to boost the immune system and reduce intestinal inflammation from parasitic-related infections.
This unique blend contains additional herbs, including mume fruit. Mume fruit contains flavonoids and essential oils that contribute to its antimalarial, anti-infective and gastro-protective medicinal properties. This helps with intestinal worms. Next, we have citrus peel. Citrus peel helps calm the cramping in the stomach, reducing nausea and vomiting. Finally, MalCare includes coptis, which helps to establish a healthy mucosal lining.
These four “super-herbs” are what makes MalCare so effective.
My son has been taking Malcare, he has not been sick. He’s very healthy and full of energy!
Since my child has been taking Malcare, she has not had any infections, before she would have infections all the time. I’m thankful for MalCare.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.099808
Retrieved Text: Our products are widely recognized and trusted by users and can meet continuously changing economic and social needs. 19 Years manufacturer Levamisole Oxyclozanide Oral Suspension 3% for Algeria, We are sincere and open. We look forward to your visit and establishing trustworthy and long-term standing relationship.
Levamisole and Oxyclozanide Oral Suspension is a broad spectrum anthelmintic for use in the treatment and control of both gastro-intestinal and pulmonary nematode infections and adult liver fluke infectionsin cattle and sheep only.
Levamisole and Oxyclozanide Oral Suspension should be used in cases of parasitic gastroenteritis and lungworm disease caused by mature anddeveloping immature forms of those organisms sensitive totreatment with levamisole hydrochloride.
Cattle: 2.5ml per 10kg bodyweight Bodyweight.
Your container of Drench is designed for use in a backpack with automatic dosing equipment.
5.If a harness is not supplied with automatic doser, cord orstring may be used to hold backpack in inverted positionfor use.
This product must not be used in cattle and sheep producing milk for human consumption.
If irritation persists seek medical advice. Remove any contaminated clothing immediately.
Wash hands and exposed skin after handling this product andbefore meals.
Levamisole can cause idiosyncratic reactions and serious blooddisorders in a very small number of people.
If symptoms such asdizziness, nausea, vomiting or abdominal discomfort areexperienced when using this product, or sore mouth/throat or fever occur shortly afterwards, then medical advice should besought immediately.
Keep the container in outer carton.
Multidose low-density polyethylene containers of 50ml, 100ml and 500ml,1000ml..
In cases of lungworm infections, coughing may persist for aconsiderable time following successful treatment with this oral suspension. This is due to tissue

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.092327
Retrieved Text: This is an infection of animals that can be transmitted to humans.
A host is an animal that can act as a habitat for a parasite which may live either on the outside of the host or within the host, depending on the parasite.
What is the pre-patent period?
This is the interval between when a parasite infection occurs and when the products of reproduction or multiplication of the parasite become apparent.
Why am I recommended to discuss treatment with my vet?
Because there is no single solution that will work for all dogs or all cats. The most suitable solution for your pet depends on a number of factors including you and your family, and your pet’s age, health and lifestyle.
At what age is my pet at risk?
Your pet is at risk of infection whatever its age. Many puppies and kittens in the UK acquire roundworms from their mother. It’s really important to protect your puppy or kitten from an early age and continue considering, managing and treating parasites throughout its lifetime.
My cat hunts all the time, what are the risks?
Outdoor cats are more prone to parasitic infection than those kept indoors. Therefore, it is very important to protect them against the parasites and ensure their worming and flea treatments are kept up-to-date. Fleas and other parasites can be picked up from prey and the environment.
I am travelling abroad with my pet, what should I do to protect it?
As well as following the general advice on keeping your pet and family safe at home, you need to take extra precautions

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.070028
Retrieved Text: Interesting video of a lecture by Dr. Jeff Dahn, professor of Physics and Chemistry at Dalhousie University in Canada on what causes lithium ion batteries to deteriorate, and how the situation can be improved. Dahn was involved in development of lithium ion battery technology, and maintains an large, active research program devoted to studying materials for batteries and fuel cells.
The video is over an hour long, and the pace is a little slow. I’ll be updating the post with my notes as I go through it.
Manufacturer testing and rating of battery lifetime uses a simple cycle test that takes place under a compressed timeframe, with unfortunate results.
Charge/discharge cycles are done back-to-back, at charge/discharge rates that might not mirror real-world use.
This underrepresent the impact of the parasitic reactions during charge/discharge that lead to cell degradation.
During charge and discharge, lithium ions intercalate (intermingle) and de-intercalate with the the electrode material. This causes a modest, “benign” structural change of 3% in the anode and 10% in the cathode.
The materials used in lithium cell electrodes are stable in open air, and batteries can be assembled in open air.
As cells are charged, the material at both the cathode and anode become highly reactive with the electrolyte solution.
Fortunately, the reaction products are solid and form passivating surfaces that protect the electrodes from rapid degradation.
For a perfect Li-ion battery, the coulombic efficiency, the number of electrode in during charging vs the electrons out during discharge, should be exactly 1.
The difference between theoretical and actual coulombic efficiency, outside of the measurement area, is attributable

================



======= Instance Index 7563 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

The cell is the basic unit of life. A cell is made of molecules, which are made of elements. All life-which means all bacteria and archaea, all protists, fungi, plants and animals-is built around the element carbon, and four categories of organic compounds: carbohydrates, lipids, proteins, and nucleic acids. These molecules come together to form a cell, which is the basis of life. One particular type of protein, enzymes, are biological catalysts, allowing biochemical reactions to proceed at the rate necessary to maintain life. One other molecule, water, is also essential to life, though water is not an organic compound.


Q: What element is all life built around?

 Choices:

- hydrogen

- neon

- carbon

- oxygen

A:

Target Text: carbon

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.595165
Retrieved Text: "Our worship is one that is built around traditional elements of Christian worship, yet also infuses creative components so that all people may experience and be transformed by God's presence."
Worship is a vital element of our life together as a community of faith at Crescent Hill Baptist. Our worship is one that is built around traditional elements of Christian worship, yet also infuses creative components so that all people may experience and be transformed by God's presence.
Many worshipers at Crescent Hill wear formal attire on Sunday mornings. However, many worshipers wear jeans. Others wear indigenous clothes common in their native lands. Whatever your dress, you are likely to find another worshiper at Crescent Hill similarly dressed on Sunday morning.
Furthermore, while the vast majority of our service is conducted in English, you will likely hear prayers and words spoken in languages other than English when you worship with us.
We worship together at 10:45 on Sunday mornings. Please join us.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.325306
Retrieved Text: Basement flooring; Roof decks; Pathways; ... but even if you don't want to lay a bed of gravel around the pool, ... SwiftDeck wood deck tiles around a pool .
Flooring Around Pool, ... real wood floor Suppliers. flooring around pool Manufacturers : materials technology wood Manufacturers. dri deck Manufacturers.
The Maelor School near Wrexham had problems with their swimming pool room floor area. ... Silver tiles dotted around the pool create a smart design element.
Or is having the hardwood floors ok with the pool?? We live near Toronto and so we only use our pool 4-5 months a year. What does everyone think??
Interlocking floor tiles for garage flooring, swimming pool flooring, balcony surfacing, ... Silver tiles dotted around the pool create a smart design element.
Rubber flooring is a great option for covering up ugly, slippery concrete around your swimming pool. It's softer and safer and holds up under all outd.
Custom Wood Deck Around A Pool. ... The above pool deck does have stair lighting, which is an optional feature available on all of our decks.
Our deck is built around a 21-ft.-dia. pool. ... wood sealant, joist hangers and ... Framing The Floor. Step 2: Setting Piers And Posts.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.173183
Retrieved Text: GramophoneSteampunk table lamp built around a marching horn bell to resemble a gramophone.
PunkedCommissioned by a friend, this lamp incorporates a base built from salvaged flywheels as well as a mid-century bevelled glass shade.
hotterVintage heatlamp, replaced the element with twin antique sockets to produce a unique effect.
ArgentThis light was one of several that I’ve built around antique Danish kjobenhavns telephones and frankly this is one of my favorites.
ValvesThis was a pair I made for a contest, the bases are vintage cast iron valve handles salvaged from an oil refinery.
DieselpunkThis is my original drill lamp, and one of my favorite designs to come back to, and while the design has changed since its inception it remains fundamentally the same.
Sound the hornStanding at over two feet tall this is one of my more impressive lights, built mostly from marching horn parts the base is constructed from a brass ceiling fan grill that was being thrown out.
Phone homeThis started life as a 70’s floor telephone, but has found new life courtesy of an extra long gooseneck & brass shade, completing the look is an antique benjamin cluster double socket.
Not a drillCommissioned by a friend built from a vintage Sears drill with Seeder plate base.
Industrial Cymbal lampOne of my more adventurous creations, the pull chain on the socket was deliberately left long so that it clashed against the cymbal.
RaypunkThis has become the template for all my drill lamps going forward, sadly I haven’t been able to find any more of this model of drill making this example strictly a one-off.
"Scorpion" table

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.143457
Retrieved Text: Of course at that time, the claims made by Lazar were tagged as absurd as the scientific community had no knowledge of ‘Element 115’. In 2003, his statements gained more credibility when a group of Russian scientists managed to create the elusive element, and now, twelve years after that achievement, the discovery of ‘Element 115’ was finally confirmed after numerous tests which verified its existence.
However, the scientific version of ‘Element 115’ drastically differs from what Lazar has described over the years, since according to reports, the element decays in less than a second and cannot be utilized for anything. Unununpentium, the temporary name for Element 115, is an extremely radioactive element; its most stable known isotope, ununpentium-289, has a half-life of only 220 milliseconds.
In 2014, Lazar was interviewed by Geroge Knapp where they discussed ‘Element 115’ or Ununpentium where Lazar dismissed early findings surrounding Element 115, statig that he was confident that further testing will produce an isotope from the element which will match his initial description. “They made just a few atoms. We’ll see what other isotopes they come up with. One of them, or more, will be stable and it will have the exact properties that I said,” Lazar told Knapp. Bob Lazar, who was ridiculed because of his sensationalistic claims, states that he worked in the past at Area 51, where top secrets projects are being developed. Interestingly, on several occasions he was subjected to a polygraph: The testing confirmed his statements regarding the secret researcher facilities and alien technology present inside some

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.893435
Retrieved Text: Get fit and look good doing it on the 10'8" Soulr Dark Woody SUP! This excellent all-around paddle board is ideal for cruising on flat water, exploring the open ocean and catching waves all day long. Featuring our premium 6 oz. + 6 oz. + 4 oz. epoxy sandwich construction, it is built to last and is ready for the adventures ahead.
Best of all, this SUP is packed with features you'll use everyday. There are 4 tie down points built into the nose, and an additional 4 on the tail. This gives you maximum flexibility to bring food, drinks, life jackets or anything else you may need on the water. And the grooved carrying handle makes it a breeze to carry. Last but not least, this board features a stunning woody design that is created using real wood veneers. Not only does this enhance the looks, but it strengthens the board by providing a structural element between the fiberglass layers. All in all, this boards a real winner, pick one up today!
Size 10'8" x 31" x 4.5"

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.734863
Retrieved Text: April 22, 2019 - Element Residential is a home builder with homes in Bothell and Bremerton Washington. This page contains listings we've found in the NWMLS where the home builder Element Residential is referenced. We do not represent Element Residential.
Does Landcast represent Element Residential?
No. Element Residential has listing agents that have put listings into the MLS and those listings are made available to websites like landcast.com.
Does this page include all of the homes built by Element Residential?
This page is for newly built homes found in the NWMLS using keywords that match Element Residential. Listings are pulled from the MLS several times per day. We try to get them all but if the keywords used by the listing agent are different than what we're looking for, some listings may be missed. We try to correct this when it happens.
Is Element Residential the seller of these homes?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.629547
Retrieved Text: DELL E7270 i7 Massive saving! On this sleek lightweight DELL 7000 series Ultrabook™ featuring Broadwell 6th Gen Intel® Core™ processors.
The DELL Latitude 12 E7270 i7 6600U is a light, sturdy 12.5 inch Ultrabook, boasting the latest Broadwell Processor technology and a host of office-friendly features. The DELL Latitude 12 E7270 is a highly mobile Ultrabook, which balances the advantages of a slim design and the high demands of professional business customers, while also managing to meet the MIL-STD-810G quality military standard, all this while weighing only 1.26KG!
A smart aluminium anodised case enhances the overall feeling of quality found in all the 7000 series Ultrabook’s making it a highly popular choice for an ever mobile business consumer. Dell have made very subtle improvements over the previous model, including a new soft touch top cover (lid), the latest Broadwell processor which claims to be 30% more efficient. Whilst this doesn’t make it any faster, it is expected to improve battery life, which, is clearly a key element of what is after all, a laptop built around portability. There is also a new graphics processor, the Intel HD520, bench marked at around 5-15% faster than the outgoing version.
We really like the Latitude 12 E7270 and feel it is only really enhanced by an increase in memory or perhaps greater storage capacity from a larger solid state drive.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.604763
Retrieved Text: Oxygen is the most important element for life. All life revolves around the availability of Oxygen. In aquatic environments like fish ponds, oxygen is the single most limiting factor for success. All aquatic life forms demand oxygen. From the fish down to the bacteria any body of water has what is called an “oxygen demand”.
Of all the essential elements in water, oxygen is also in the shortest supply.
Photosynthesis by algae and plants.
Atmospheric oxygen is transferred into water at the surface of pond.
Photosynthesis may produce sufficient oxygen for very low fish loads but is inconsistent due to the fact that at night algae and plants remove oxygen through the process of respiration. Most of the ponds and lakes we deal with have higher than natural fish loads and require additional oxygen to maintain a clean and healthy environment.
HAKKO air pumps can be used to create a huge column of bubbles or “air lift” rising from the bottom of a pond or lake. This brings oxygen depleted water to the surface where the bubbles burst and create tremendous surface turbulence, circulation and aeration. HAKKO air pumps used in this manner will literally breathe life into your pond or lake.
The Hakko HK-100 Linear air pump represents a top of the line Liner Air Compressor with 36 month warranty.
The Hakko Air Pump 100 will deliver a miximum of 120 Liters Per Minute .
They are small units with a surprisingly high output. The Hakko air pumps are built to last with a very durable body and mechanics meaning years and years

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.494379
Retrieved Text: We all receive and give a lots of gifts in the holidays and many of us are still in the shopping mode. Looking forward to the inauguration of the year of snake, many of us have the urge to decorate our place in a FengShui correct way. Buying new fountains, coins and other auspicious decoration elements. However, do we realize that everything surround us already have five elements and Yin-Yang character? Is it possible all we need is to re-arrange what we already have? It is time to back to the basics.
What is my personal five element character base on Chinese Zodiac?
What are the elements that will nurture or control my element? You need both elements to live a balanced life.
What are the elements of the things around me in my office (living room, bedroom, kitchen, outside my house) base on their material and color? How do they effect my element?
Do I have balanced environment? What do I need to add or subtract from my current environment?
You can find all the relevant information in our FAQ. However, you are the person that knows your environment best. You are the only person that can help yourself to live a balanced life. Remember, Edison once said, there is no substitute for hard work.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.376944
Retrieved Text: MooTools select tree built off a multiselect element.
A key sequence scanner for building things like Credit card swipe, check scanner or barcode scanner input.
Sometimes you're transmitting denormalized data as a set and you don't want to incur the cost of all those repeated string values.
jQuery select tree built off a multiselect element.
Generate color sets by walking around the color wheel at a constant saturation/value.
A pure textual jQuery spinner using unicode symbols.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.325598
Retrieved Text: Our favorite ideas for science field trips both near and far. Not bringing a group? Many facilities and destinations have options for individuals and families, too - be sure to follow the link and contact them.
NSCL is one of the world’s flagship nuclear science research facilities and is a national user facility with a mission to provide beams of rare isotopes for researchers from around the world. Hundreds of users come to Michigan State University each year to take advantage of our facilities and explore the inner workings of atoms and their role in the universe.
Links to lesson plans and activities, as well as a virtual tour, are also available.
It’s the first of its kind at a university or museum in Ohio and Michigan and possibly the only life-size periodic table in the world built and filled by a community. The 800-pound, interactive periodic table bolted to the wall inside the main entrance to The University of Toledo’s Wolfe Hall features 118 LED-illuminated glass boxes.
“Living Science: The Ever-Changing Periodic Table” is located in the main entrance of Wolfe Hall. “Living Science: The Ever-Changing Periodic Table” is located in the main entrance of Wolfe Hall. Each box represents an element, and members of the community are invited to fill the boxes with examples of how each element relates to everyday life and current events. The display features touch-screen technology that allows visitors to explore a variety of apps that share stories and videos about the elements, contents of the element boxes, and who donated the items for

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.252838
Retrieved Text: Situated in sunny Whakatane, Robinson Law are a team of legal experts dedicated to working with their clients on all legal matters - no matter what stage of life. They wanted a website that truly reflects their professionalism, but also with an element of fun to show their personalities which shine through amongst all the legal talk.
We designed and built a website to incorporate those elements, overcoming the barriers inherent within the legal sector. The website demonstrates the fine balance of professionalism and personality.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.171238
Retrieved Text: Balanced Nature is a young and vibrant health food company. Founded in 2016 by us, Peter and Julia, in the sunny Hampshire countryside, just outside the historical city of Winchester. It is based on the principals that a healthy body leads to a healthy spirit and life. Balanced Nature is dedicated to ethically-sourced organic and vegan products and the pursuit of the perfect taste!
We were lucky enough to meet each other at exactly the right time and to embark on a mutual journey of growing awareness for the need to change, both in our lifestyles and our environment. A passion to understand our purpose in life and, above all, a yearning to make a positive, lasting impact on the world we live in. Peter’s background knowledge of the health and wellness industry combined with Julia’s love of creating authentic, soulful food is what has led us to create Balanced Nature. We want to share our discoveries around healthy eating and holistic living helping everyone to nourish the mind, body and soul.
We have a sophisticated kombucha micro-brewery producing the age-old elixir in its purest form and a raw chocolate factory with a range of artisan flavours. We grind, cold process and nurture our products from bean to bar so nothing harmful is added. Every ounce of goodness is retained leaving our products bursting with life!
At Balanced Nature, we are passionate about creating great food, making sure that we use only the best organic and raw ingredients given by Mother Nature. Food is blessed with life-giving nutrients as

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.918095
Retrieved Text: Remember the periodic table from chemistry class in school? Researchers from Lund University in Sweden have presented fresh evidence that confirms the existence of a previously unknown chemical element. The new, super-heavy element has yet to be named.
"This was a very successful experiment and is one of the most important in the field in recent years", said Dirk Rudolph, Professor at the Division of Atomic Physics at Lund University.
The new evidence for the chemical element with atomic number 115 will be presented in the scientific journal Physical Review Letters on August 27, 2013.
Wasnt Ununpentium synthesized in 2003?
Bob Lazar element! Now we can fuel our UFO's.
@bearly: Same as usual, test and improve our theories of the atomic nucleus.
and what about Ununpentium ?
"the researchers have also gained access to data that gives them a deeper insight into the structure and properties of super-heavy atomic nuclei."
So what are the properties of this element? What is its half-life?
I do find it an interesting coincidence that Germany is releasing this work, when they "supposedly" attempted to make a UFO, ie the famed NAZI BELL.
"All elements with an atomic number above 82 (lead) are unstable, and the "stability" (half-life of the longest-lived known isotope) of elements generally decreases with rising atomic numbers from the relatively stable uranium (92) upwards to the heaviest known element: 118. It increases in the range of elements 103 to 105, then decreases at element 106, and increases very slightly in the range of elements 110 to 114, hypothesized to be at the beginning of the island of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.912365
Retrieved Text: “Digital Diaries” is a work on memory, on time that passes, on traces. It’s a memory that has become a place, a sort of flaked continuum made up of hybrid elements: childhood photos, mine and other childhoods, encounters some of which were recorded, others that weren’t, faces, many faces happened upon in life.
We have built up a database in 3D that is made up of around five hundred elements, photographs, video, texts, voices, sounds. For each element that is part of a family, a position is attributed in the 3D database. This database, in which we have the possibility of orienting ourselves, evolves and is animated by continuous movement that is generated in real time. All of these elements that make up the interactive data are rendered. When a visitor enters the installation, he or she has the possibility of modifying the course.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.887451
Retrieved Text: By using the correct semantic HTML elements you may be able to meet most or all of your keyboard access needs. That means less time fiddling with tabindex, and more happy users!
In addition, elements with the contenteditable attribute are sometimes used for freeform text entry.
It's easy to overlook the built-in keyboard support that these elements offer for free. Below are some example elements to explore. Instead of using your mouse, try using your keyboard to operate them. You can use TAB (or SHIFT + TAB) to move between controls, and you can use the arrow keys and keys like ENTER and SPACE to manipulate their values.
If you have a phone handy, you can see that many times these built-in elements have unique interactions on mobile. Attempting to reproduce these mobile interactions yourself is a ton of work! It's another good reason to stick to built-in elements whenever possible.
A common accessibility anti-pattern is to treat a non-interactive element, like a div or a span, as a button by adding a click handler to it.
A div button has none of these things. That means you'll need to write additional code to replicate what the button element gives you for free!
For example, button elements have a neat trick called synthetic click activation. If you add a "click" handler to a button, it will run when the user presses ENTER or SPACE. A div button doesn't have this feature, so you'll need to write additional code to listen for the keydown event, check that the keycode is ENTER or SPACE,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.839075
Retrieved Text: Having a good flow in life is excellent. Having overflow is sometimes a mess because then you risk drowning and lose foothold in your own life.
When I was young I was taught by very spiritual people that I should do my best to attract overflow in life. I even read it in spiritual books and I did my very best to attract overflow in my everyday life but it always turned out to be a total mess… and frankly spoken, it took me many years to figure out why !!!
Every time I had to clean up things around me at many levels – both physically, emotionally and mentally etc. – because I didn’t understanding that spiritual thinking wasn’t always compatible to the way things worked in everyday life on this planet back in time… and in many places around the Earth things are still like that.
Every time I had to balance my surroundings as they couldn’t handle the overwhelming Water element that suddenly entered the room, because it had no structure at all. In fact I should only have invited the energy into my personal energy field. I should not have invited it into the whole house, because then I forced my relatives to try to handle a very powerful energy that I was very attracted to but they were not.
Since the Water element is always looking for an open door or a keyhole to go through in its search for new opportunities in life, you never know what’s going to happen before you are standing

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.805351
Retrieved Text: Let’s see what Dell has come out with now, with the Dell Latitude XT2. It goes without saying that is machine has some incredible capabilities. It is the first PC that has a multi touch screen technology built in that allows a user to use natural moves such as a tap or a pinch to scroll, pan, rotate and zoom. There is a lot more to this computer, so let’s take a look at the specifications, all of the features, its full capabilities and see if the Dell Latitude XT2 is the machine that you have been looking for that meets all of you needs and perhaps has a few extra special features.
The Dell Latitude XT2 is promised to make people change the way that they think about computers. This is to be the very first tablet that has multi touch capabilities. The Dell Latitude XT2 has a Centrino 2 platform and DDR 3 memory; this gives a user a maximum of 5GB. The frame work of the Dell Latitude XT2 is just about the same as the first XT; there are only very minor changes such as moving the logo design in the corner of the machine and having three short cut buttons as opposed to four on the screen.
It appears that all of the work and all of the exciting new features are on the inside of the4 Dell Latitude XT2. The screen offers you a resolution of 1280 by 800 on 12.1 inches and is nice and bright. Now, the biggest, most exciting

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.793825
Retrieved Text: Like all fine craftsmen, the status quo makes us restless. With more than 50 years of innovation behind every window and door we create, we're always looking for the next improvement, the next discovery, the next big thing. Learn about them here, as well as information on company developments and upcoming events. Be sure and check back often. At Weather Shield we're constantly moving forward.
At Peachtree, we see more than just windows and doors. We see the families and friends behind them. That's why we're dedicated to building products around the way people live. High performance. Low maintenance. Easy to use. We've taken care of everything, so you can get back to what's really important. Your life.
You're building much more than a house. That's why we build much more than a window. Create a magnificent entrance with mahogany entry doors. Update existing space with replacement windows. Or add the perfect finishing touch with designer window and door hardware or other custom-crafted options, each ensuring that every element of your home is completely built around you.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.792513
Retrieved Text: ❶The first castle of ….
A castle was built to withstand attack from enemy. Castle builders added many defensive features to make their castles difficult to attack. Many castles were built on high ground with clear views of the surrounding land. Moats Attackers were easy to shoot whilst swimming or rowing across the moats.
cultural diversity in nursing essay application essay on importance and value of yoga in our life? sujet de dissertation economies? coca cola product life cycle essays sparrows dance review essay?
exemplar personal statement Primary Homework Help Castles Defence year 7 homework help research paper for sale. Three page essay on respect of teacher chinese homework help cca2 obsession with physical appearance essay rikki tikki tavi and nag compare and contrast essays my favourite school teacher essay finder reliable essay writing service australia foreign aid pros and cons essays. Dissing something meaningful essay essay chinese cultural revolution.
A primary homework help castles defence castle was built to withstand attack primary homework help castles defence from enemy. This article describes a work or element textbook answers homework help of fiction in a primarily in-universe style. Castles were often built on hilltops or surrounded by water to make them easier to defend. Arundel Castle. What is the biggest castle in England? The biggest castle in England is Windsor Castle, All the materials on these pages are free for homework and classroom use only.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.790487
Retrieved Text: I am looking to build a long term relationship with an experienced Illustrator who can design our Ice Skating Site Layouts in a mystical ‘Narnia’ theme to engage our audience into what our Winter festival may behold.
This is one site map of 10 locations we’ll be holding this year.
The Illustrator takes the the audience to another place, one of excitement & intrigue. Another world. Behold what may lie ahead.
The illustration is fun, playful bringing to life an event space conjuring up emotional attachment with anyone who views the image.
Images of other Site Layouts that show event features in a fun and engaging way (however lack a common theme throughout the event graphics are) attached.
Challenge is to have an image that engages Both Adults & Parents.
2. Parents to view the map and think both I and my children will enjoy this night out.
3. Children look at the map and understand what the images mean and tell parents where they want to go at the event.
Designing Site Map illustration to bring event site to life as outlined above.
Specific event activities IE Ice Rink, Ice Slide, Food Vendors etc on the map may need to be moved around. Therefore each activity completed as it’s own file allowing for change and movement on the original background.
This is an CAD layout showing last years event.
This would be a good starting point. If you could design this layout with each element (Ice Rink, Ice Slide, Snow Pit, Alpine Timber Huts etc.) saved as it’s own file allowing us to move them around

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.78244
Retrieved Text: Three and one half meters of thermally goodness.
Another excellently built and packaged aircraft by TopModel! All of the parts are individually wrapped or bagged; airframe parts, screws, control linkages to the firewall, the kit is beautifully packed and very complete!
The Element is an excellent thermal ship that features a sleek and long carbon reinforced glass fuselage that is light yet strong with ample room for gear. A semi-traditionally built up, 3 piece, wing does the heavy lifting; the spar is a carbon tube as is the leading edge, this helps to add a bit of stiffness and LE damage resistance over the traditional balsa D-box. The full flying elevator is a built up balsa construction also with a carbon spar and a carbon leading edge. Both the elevator and the rudder servos reside within the tail, increasing control surface accuracy, preserving fuselage space and eliminating unduly long control rods.
The Mark Drela AG series airfoils allow the Element to float around in a thermal yet, slip briskly through the sink when searching for the next source of lift.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.63033
Retrieved Text: If your original heater housing needs replacement, check out our SpaGuts Universal Heater Assembly.
First, open up the heater and take a look at the heater element. If it has a broken or burnt-looking spot on it or in any other way doesn't look pretty similar to a new one, you probably just need a new heater element. Damaged heater elements are the most common spa problem. The damage comes from improper water chemistry. Fortunately, this is a relatively simple repair, and our universal spa heater element fits most spa heaters.
Unfortunately, if your heater element looks okay, you have to be an electrician to diagnose the problem, which is either going to be in the heater unit or in the heater controls. We can't diagnose it for you, but we can tell you that it will probably cost you, depending on where you live, around $60 to have someone diagnose it, and around $150 to repair it - if it's repairable. For not much more you can buy and install a brand-new Spa Guts spa controller, but if your spa equipment is more than 8 years old, you should consider replacing the entire spa pack.
Spa controllers typically last about 10 years and comprise most of the cost of a spa pack. A whole new spa pack is typically only $595 to $800, so you need to get at least a couple years' more life out of your old spa pump and blower to make it worth fixing the old controller. If your spa pack is over 8

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.579285
Retrieved Text: Carol Olmstead: I am Carol Olmstead and I am showing you how to use Feng Shui to attract wealth. Now I am in the living room. First, let's talk about windows. In Feng Shui we believe that windows are the eyes of your home. If your windows are cloudy, so is your vision, it's blocked. You cannot see opportunities clearly and you certainly can't act on them and attract wealth into your home. So clean your windows and clear your vision and attract wealth.
My next tip for attracting wealth into your life is called balancing the elements. Don't get worried by that term because elements is the way in Feng Shui we talk about the colors, shapes and textures all around you. When they are in balance, when you are surrounded by all five of these elements, you feel good and when you feel good you can respond to the opportunities that come to bring wealth into your life.
Let's talk about the first element, it's fire. Fire is the element like our fireplace here that brings passion, emotion, literally, fire into your life. We can bring it in by having a fireplace. Don't worry if you don't have one, because the red color is also the fire element and this triangular pattern that's also the fire element. Again, fire brings passion into your life.
The next one is earth. Earth is the element that grounds us, it makes us feel balanced. This coffee table which is made of stone is made of earth, the color of this

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.509224
Retrieved Text: 180,67 € прибл. 13.042,33 руб.
The American DJ Element QA is a battery powered spotlight with WiFly wireless DMX and 6x 5W LED in (RGBA). The spotlight is intended for indoor use, e.g. to illuminate walls and objects. The high-quality LEDs installed in the spotlight have a service life of up to 50,000 hours and convince with their variety of colours. Despite the built-in battery, the American DJ Element QA is very light and can be easily transported and aligned due to the carrying handle and tilt foot. The built-in lithium battery has a running time of up to 7.5 hours and can therefore also be in operation for one evening without recharging. The built-in wireless DMX of the QA element ensures that no additional DMX cable has to be laid when the headlight is in battery operation, thus preventing tripping hazards. Of course, the wireless DMX can be used when the lamps are connected to the mains, and the spotlight also has DMX 3-pin inputs and outputs as well as IEC inputs and outputs.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.504515
Retrieved Text: without the big price tag.
We are perfectionists and we love what we do!
to our customers using an Element Custom Solution.
Element is built by the Eleplus Limited Company.
We are passionate about developing the perfect software tailored specifically to your business requirements!
Copyright 2018 © Eleplus Limited company. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.437725
Retrieved Text: What Happens When You Don’t Change Your Filter Element?
The vast majority of hydraulic system failures directly result from system contamination. The costs associated with this contamination result from downtime, component replacement, fluid replacement and increased maintenance. While most people understand the importance of filtration, general upkeep and element replacement frequency is an entirely different story.
The filter assembly, equipped with a bypass oil valve, will allow oil to flow around the element once the setting is reached. The system will continue to run, but your system is no longer cleaning the oil.
The filter assembly, which is not equipped with a bypass valve, will continue to experience an increased pressure drop until the filter element collapses and all contaminants flow into the system.
The best way to avoid either of these undesirable outcomes is to change elements prior to reaching this point. Elements can be changed per a preventative maintenance (PM) schedule or based on element condition indicators. While both methods are better than not changing your elements at all, I prefer to use element indicators for my own scheduling.
A PM schedule is exactly what it sounds like. You determine an amount of time to allow the machines to run, and replace elements once the time period has elapsed. Regardless of whether elements are loaded with contaminants, they are changed. In the best case scenario, you are throwing away elements that still have some life left. In the worst case scenario, elements are totally loaded and have gone into bypass.
Since most filter assemblies are available with element condition indicators,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.436047
Retrieved Text: To experience the fullest possible sound and beauty of your piano, it must be properly tuned. We have built our business in Gresham around this most important and basic element of piano art. Whether it’s been a couple of months or 20 years since your piano was last tuned, give us a call to schedule an appointment with a piano tuner/technician for your piano tuning. Learn what is included in your service.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.429228
Retrieved Text: The Agenda is a Canadian current events talk show analyzing social, political, cultural and economic topics. Originally launched in 2006, the studio and brand as a whole was in need of a modern update. This gave us an opportunity to approach the project holistically from the ground up. The redesign of the logo, built around a customized letter A, became a vital component to both the brand and studio environment.
The Anchor icon is a strong graphic element that can be used to support The Agenda brand. It represents an abbreviation of The Agenda name and can be used on its own for various applications. In time, viewers will recognize the Anchor as an integral component of The Agenda brand. As environmental graphic, it can be scaled to large sizes to create dynamic spaces. In broadcast applications it can be used as a strong compositional element, adding colour and contrast to motion graphics and transitions. It can also be used as a container for imagery or video related to the show’s current topics. The Anchor is the wild card – an opportunity to inject new life into the brand and keep the audience captivated.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.427494
Retrieved Text: To experience the fullest possible sound and beauty of your piano, it must be properly tuned. We have built our business in Beaverton around this most important and basic element of piano art. Whether it’s been a couple of months or 20 years since your piano was last tuned, give us a call to schedule an appointment with a piano tuner/technician for your piano tuning. Learn what is included in your service.

================



======= Instance Index 4610 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Conservation of charge is the fourth of the five conservation laws in physics. There are two charges, positive and negative, and the conservation of electric charge indicates that the total charge in the universe remains the same. In any closed system charge can be transferred from one body to another or can move within the system but the total electric charge remains constant.


Q: What are the two types of charges?

 Choices:

- energy and mass

- volume and acceleration

- ions and neutrons

- positive and negative

A:

Target Text: positive and negative

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.688694
Retrieved Text: Mayo Clinic Health System – Red Cedar's clinics are "hospital based," which means Medicare rules require some of your services to be divided and billed as two separate charges. The following information is provided to help you understand these rules and how they affect your billing statement.
Why are some services divided into two charges?
Medicare rules require hospital-based clinics to bill some services as two separate charges. One charge is to compensate the provider for his/her services (provider fee). The other charge is necessary to cover other expenses such as nursing staff, supplies, equipment costs and building expenses (facility fee).
What kinds of services are divided into two charges?
Clinic services (including office visits and some procedures performed in the office), X-ray, laboratory and EKG charges are the most common types.
Does this mean I am being billed twice for the same service?
No. The total of the two charges that are billed separately is equal to the full charge for the service. Mayo Clinic Health System – Red Cedar will submit all claims to Medicare.
What about my Medicare supplemental insurance?
We file separate charges for the provider and facility fees to your Medicare supplemental insurance.
We suggest you keep this information for future reference to assist you in understanding your Explanation of Medicare Benefits (EOMB) and your Mayo Clinic Health System – Red Cedar billing statement.
If you need assistance, please call 1-888-765-4077 (toll free) from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.124432
Retrieved Text: People have two concepts for electric current in physic now.
1. charges pass through unit surface in unit time.
2. The Maxwell replaement current.
Nature should be be only one?
First of all, 'nature' doesn't define "electric current", people do. Secondly, there are many examples in which one concept has several equivalent definitions. There are always different ways of thinking about the same thing!
Yes, nature does not define current, men do it. But current is a natural phenominon: it's charge moving..
First off it's Maxwell's 'displacement current' not replacement current.
And yes there are two concepts for electric current because there are two different types of 'current' which occur in different circumstances.
"charges pass through unit surface in unit time."
This first type of current is called conduction current and actually is 'carried' by moving charges.
In displacement current the charges do not move unless the current is alternating.
If the capacitor is full charged, no movement of charge any more, the replacement current between the two panels will also be zero. Right?
Capacitors pass alternating current as displacement current.
What actually happens depends upon the dielectric medium between the plates.
When capacitor pass alternating current, are charges moving in the plates?
are charges moving in the plates?
not in and also not between, but into and out of.
What's after "into"? It's "in". What's before "out of"? It's "in". What's behind those two concepts of current is the same natural phenominon: charge moving.
You asked about charge moving in the plates.
But if you know better why ask for an explanation ?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.5157
Retrieved Text: Driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol: The charges you could be facing, and what the prosecution must prove to get a conviction.
When you get arrested for driving under the influence, it’s common for the prosecution to file two different DUI charges against you: one based on the amount of drugs or alcohol in your body (a “per se” DUI) and a second based on your level of impairment. But how can a prosecutor charge you with two offenses for one incident? And what’s the difference between the two charges?
The idea behind filing two charges isn’t to convict or punish a motorist for both. Per se and impairment DUIs require different types of proof. So, prosecutors often file both charges in DUI cases with the hope that one or the other will stick. And even if a driver is convicted of the two separate charges, usually the court can only punish the driver for one of the convictions.
Though all states have two types of standard DUI charge, the specifics of how the charges are defined vary by jurisdiction. This article talks about the basics of proving standard DUI charges, including the differences between per se and impairment DUIs.
driving or operating a motor vehicle.
Depending on what state you live in, the prosecutor might also have to prove you were driving on a public—as opposed to a private—roadway. These two (or three) things that the prosecution needs to prove are called the “elements” of the crime.
The main difference between a per se and an impairment DUI is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.158016
Retrieved Text: The terms “murder” and “manslaughter” tend to get thrown around often, and people can confuse them.
It is best to understand what each term means before putting them to use in real life. Plus, those who are listening to the media might want to keep up as well because of how often these terms are used to define crimes committed in any part of the world.
Here is the difference between the two terms.
This is a term used to describe an act committed on purpose. It is done with intent to harm, injure, and kill.
However, there are two types of murder that fit into this category. These types are first-degree murder and second-degree murder.
First-degree murder is an act committed on purpose after a plan is set into place. This could be something as simple as following a police officer who arrested you and killing them.
Second-degree murder is an act committed on purpose but done in the heat of the moment. This can be something similar to shooting into a crowd and killing someone.
So, what is manslaughter then? This is an act that is committed by accident.
For example, a person who is driving on the road ends up hitting someone and killing them. While you didn’t want to kill anyone, your actions end up being the reason for their death. DUIs tend to fall under this label as well.
It is important to note the difference because intention does matter. Murder tends to have a far worse legal consequence than manslaughter depending on the charges. This is why it is

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.099094
Retrieved Text: Criminal lawyer Edward Prutschi joined family lawyer Andrew Feldstein on Ask Andrew. The two discussed the various ways criminal and family law intersects. Ed Prutschi said that out of all of the different types of law, the one that criminal law most often overlaps with is family law. Domestic assault cases are the most common types of cases that cause the two to interact.
Both Edward Prutschi and Feldstein warned that what works in one court could end up harming you in the other. For example, if you’re going through a hard divorce and worry the other party may make false criminal charges, a criminal lawyer may suggest moving out or recording all interactions. However, those acts could look unfavorable in family court. The key is to have open communication between criminal and family lawyers.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.999092
Retrieved Text: Shaz Invoice Software is an Application to create Standard Invoices for Individuals and Organizations that have purchased Goods or Services from a Selling Unit.
It includes Twenty different Professional Invoice Templates. Every Invoice gives all the important information to your Customer about Goods or Services Purchased. Invoices are classified in Four Categories of, Two Columns, Three Columns, Four Columns and Five Columns Invoices.
Shaz Invoice Software is a Flexible Business Invoicing and Billing Software designed for people with not much Computer Knowledge to Advanced Users.
Create Invoices with "What You See Is What You Get" Data Entry Screen.
Flexible Business Invoicing Software for small business and home computer.
Twenty different Invoice Templates in Four Categories of Two Columns, Three Columns, Four Columns, and Five Columns Invoices.
Create different Types of Invoice such as Standard, Tax, Commercial, Service or any other Types.
Calculate Sales Tax, add Miscellaneous Charges or Freights, and include Extra Fee for a Service.
Change Font Face, Color, Size, and Style for every Input Field.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.979733
Retrieved Text: Assault charges in Colorado that are filed by local police and sent to city court or what is sometimes known as Denver General Sessions are called "municipal assault".
Even though municipal assault charges do not carry the same more serious penalties as state assault charges in Colorado, they are still considered misdemeanor assault charges and can go on your permanent record as misdemeanors in Colorado and ruin your life, career and family.
It is important to note that most municipal assault charges are accompanied by battery charges that give the city prosecutor an upper hand at negotiations and at trial because two charges mean double the chance that a jury may find you guilty.
Across Colorado, almost all municipalities carry the same sentences for misdemeanor assault charges. Assault charges in Golden, Arvada, Wheat Ridge, or Denver, and most other cities in Colorado can carry penalties of up to one year in county jail and/or up to a $1,000 fine or both.
Sometimes the prosecutor will offer you a plea bargain where you are expected to plead guilty to assault and they will dismiss the battery charge. Sounds good right? Until you get in front of that employer who has run your criminal background check in Colorado and tells you that someone else is getting your job.
What are the differences between Assault and Battery charges in Colorado?
Although assault and battery are usually charged on the same ticket or "summons", the two are distinctly different charges and carry different "elements of the crime". What that means is that you may go to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.904284
Retrieved Text: Paul Manafort's lawyer filed a motion to dismiss Wednesday, asking a federal judge to throw out some of the criminal charges against Manafort.
Paul Manafort's attorney asked a federal judge in D.C. to throw out some of the criminal charges against him.
Manafort's lawyer filed a 46-page motion to dismiss Wednesday. He says special counsel Robert Mueller shouldn't be able to indict Manafort for what he did before joining the Trump campaign in 2016.
The filings acknowledged that Mueller was given permission to investigate "anything that arises in the course" of the Russia investigation but says that extra power is like a "blank check."
The motion also stated that some of the charges against Manafort are duplicative, since he is involved in two separate cases — one in D.C. and another in Virginia.
His lawyer said, "Manafort thus faces a game of criminal-procedural whack-a-mole" against Mueller.
The motion to dismiss is similar to a lawsuit Manafort filed against Mueller in January.
CNN reports these types of motions are pretty common in cases like this. But it also shows that Manafort is planning to fight the charges instead of pleading guilty like his associate Rick Gates, who was indicted with Manafort last year.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.778776
Retrieved Text: Define electric charge, and describe how the two types of charge interact.
Describe three common situations that generate static electricity.
State the law of conservation of charge.
What makes plastic wrap cling? Static electricity. Not only are applications of static electricity common these days, its existence has been known since ancient times. The first record of its effects dates to ancient Greeks who noted more than 500 years B.C. that polishing amber temporarily enabled it to attract bits of straw (see Figure 1). The very word electric derives from the Greek word for amber (electron).
Many of the characteristics of static electricity can be explored by rubbing things together. Rubbing creates the spark you get from walking across a wool carpet, for example. Static cling generated in a clothes dryer and the attraction of straw to recently polished amber also result from rubbing. Similarly, lightning results from air movements under certain weather conditions. You can also rub a balloon on your hair, and the static electricity created can then make the balloon cling to a wall. We also have to be cautious of static electricity, especially in dry climates. When we pump gasoline, we are warned to discharge ourselves (after sliding across the seat) on a metal surface before grabbing the gas nozzle. Attendants in hospital operating rooms must wear booties with aluminum foil on the bottoms to avoid creating sparks which may ignite the oxygen being used.
The effects of static electricity are explained by a physical quantity not previously introduced, called electric charge.
There are only two types of charge,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.735716
Retrieved Text: A recent upward trend in the prevalence of violent crimes in Utah has led law enforcement officials to “crack down” on these types of criminal offenses. In many cases, prosecutors will seek the maximum possible penalties for those convicted of violent crimes. These penalties may include life imprisonment and/or death.
If you or your loved one has been accused of or charged with a violent crime, it is absolutely crucial that you contact a St. George violent crimes attorney right away. With more than 33 years of experience and over 100 jury trial personally handled, I am prepared to aggressively fight for you and your rights. As my client, you will work directly with me at each stage of the legal process. My firm provides personalized and aggressive legal representation that you can rely on.
My major felony violent crime defenses in Washington County have included several aggravated kidnapping charges, four murder cases, two attempted murder cases, and an automobile homicide, in the past five years. I have the experience your loved one needs.
Schedule a free initial consultation today; call Edward D. Flint at (435) 228-7077 or submit an online contact form.
What Offenses Are Considered Violent Crimes?
There are many offenses that are considered “violent crimes.” These types of charges can be prosecuted at both the state and federal level and, as such, the exact penalties you may be facing range significantly.
This list is not exhaustive; there are many other criminal offenses that fall under the umbrella of violent crimes. If you are facing charges for a violent crime,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.712362
Retrieved Text: The Capacity Charge (sometimes called a connection fee) is the fee that the NapaSan charges when a new home or commercial tenant connects to the sewer system, or expands its impact on the system.
See Title 5 (PDF) of the NapaSan Code for the formula used to calculate capacity charges for commercial and industrial customers.
What are the capacity charges for a single family dwelling?
The capacity charge for a single family dwelling from October 18, 2018 to June 30, 2019 is $9,520.
What are the capacity charges for an accessory dwelling unit?
Capacity charges for ADUs are waived if the unit is under 499 square feet, and based upon square footage for all other units. Section 5.02.030 of the NapaSan Code lists the capacity charge assessments for different types of residential units.
How do changes to existing residential structures affect capacity charges?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.606153
Retrieved Text: These flash card sets have not been categorized yet.
Example: Salut: Hi, Quoi de neuf?: What's up?, Allons-y!: Let's go!, Santé!: Bottoms up!
Example: 797779519: 78.00 MIN CHARGE NEED LOA FROM PRIORITY 1 STATING THEY ACCEPT RTS CHARGES FOR FREIGHT BILL 797779519. PRIORITY 1 INC PO BOX 398 NORTH LITTLE ROCK, AR 72115 TEAM LEAD APPROVE AND IMAGE NOTIFY TERMI, 780388401: CHARGES 180.64 PLUS $53 RECONSIGNMENT FEE. NEED NAME OF TRUCKING COMPANY WHO IS PICKING UP FREIGHT. NEED TO REALEASE CENTRAL FREIGHT OF ALL LIABILITY ONCE FREIGHT IS PICKED UP BY NEW CARRIER. APPROVED BY TEAM LEAD. IMAGED. NOTIFY TERMINAL BY CALLING A, 808673164: CHARGES: 196.98 50.00 REMARKING FEE. LH CHARGES $150.21 LOA PRIORITY 1 ACCEPT OC REMARKING FEE AND LINE HAUL CHARGES. THEY HAVE BILL TO IN EMAIL. GET TEAM LEAD TO APPROVE. IMAGE DOCUMENT. NOTIFY TERMINAL AND EMAIL THEM AS WELL. FOLLOW UP NEXT DA, 665889903: CHARGES: $78.40 PLUS $53.00 RECON FEE. LOA NEED TO ACCEPT ALL CHARGES. NEEDS THE NEW LOCATION AND CONTACT NAME AND #. BILL TO.. LOA APPROVED TEAM LEAD. IMAGED. NOTIFY TERMINAL. CORRECTIONS. BACK PAGE NOTES.
LTL or Volume plus How many spaces are calculated?
Let's learn and memorize how the rock cycle goes!
Example: What happens when a Metamorphic rock is in different types of weather?: When a Metamorphic rock is in different types of weather, it turns into sediments., What happens when a Metamorphic rock melts?: When a Metamorphic rock melts, it turns into lava/magma., What happens when an Igneous rock is in different types of weather?: When an Igneous rock is in

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.527514
Retrieved Text: 5paisa Vs Achiievers Equities comparison between all aspect of share brokers like Active clients, Trading platform, Brokerage charges, Customer care supports & tools, Margin/leverage, Account opening charges etc.
5paisa.com, founded in 2005, is an India first full-service discount broker with over 10000+ retail customer accounts (Crossed in March 2017). Like its closest competitors, 5paisa.com offers a simple, flat-fee trading commission structure. Stock, Currency trades are Rs.10 per order, and options trades run at Rs.10 per order. 5paisa provides a high quality of customer service, and all-around investment offering.
5paisa Vs Achiievers Equities Background.
5paisa Vs Achiievers Equities compare- Basic Background.
5paisa Vs Achiievers Equities compare – Small Reviews and Broker Inquiry form.
Broker Reviews/Opinion Overall, thanks to 5paisa for its low brokerage costs and good services, 5paisa.com value for traders across the full spectrum of the trader’s community.
What impresses us most about 5paisa.com is its drive to continue efforts and offer the best possible customer experience. 5paisa is a discount stock broker and it is useful for the intraday trader. Overall Achiievers Equities charges very low than its competitors and delivers with very good platforms, research, mobile apps, education, and customer service.
Compared to other Discount-service brokers Achiievers Equities offer a customizable plan like Per Day Plan, Per Trade Plan, Month plan + Traditional plan also with zero hidden charges.
5paisa Vs Achiievers Equities compare – Star ratings and reviews range from 1 to 5.
5paisa Vs Achiievers Equities compare – This stockbroker is useful for what kind of investor.
5paisa Vs Achiievers Equities compare – Comparison of two share broker for Trading Account, AMC

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.477741
Retrieved Text: It is important that you take the time to grieve your loved one before taking legal action to get justice. However, if you feel that you are in a place where you would like to honor your loved one by making sure that justice is done, you may want to start understanding how the law works in Texas.
What are the types of vehicular homicide and manslaughter charges in Texas?
There are three main types of homicide and manslaughter charges related to driving. If the driver was found to be intoxicated at the time of the collision, they may be charged with intoxication manslaughter. This is usually charged as a second degree felony, and can come with jail time of up to 20 years.
If a person was found to have acted negligently and their actions led to the death of a person, they may be charged with criminally negligent homicide. This can lead to up to two years in a state jail.
Finally, a driver might be charged with manslaughter if they were reckless in their driving and should have known that they were putting another person's life in danger. This conviction can lead to a maximum jail time of 20 years.
If you want to get justice for your loved one, you may want to learn more about how the law applies to the particular situation that your loved one was involved in.
Related Posts: Car accidents can damage your mental health, What does Texas's distracted driving law cover?, Texas’ continuing deadly streak, Do I Have to Submit to Field

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.42477
Retrieved Text: afifa consultancy types of loans : Afifa is just an financial Advisory institution which is being involve to advice finance subject. It is involve to prepare advisory report and project report and on behalf of the prosperous applicants and all kinds of loans, as per the procedural requirements of NBFC'S Public Financial Institutions etc. is respect of Afifa charges consultancy fee that is being denoted as processing fee.Afifa is just an financial Advisory institution which is being involve to advice finance subject. It is involve to prepare advisory report and project report and on behalf of the prosperous applicants and all kinds of loans, as per the procedural requirements of NBFC'S Public Financial Institutions etc. is respect of Afifa charges consultancy fee that is being denoted as processing fee.Consumer complaints and reviews about Afifa Consultancy Pvt Ltd. - Company do Fraud Case on name of Personal Loan. Afifa Consultancy Pvt Ltd. contact information and services description.Afifa is just an financial Advisory institution which is being involve to advice finance subject. It is involve to prepare advisory report and project report and on behalf of the prosperous applicants and all kinds of loans, as per the procedural requirements of NBFC'S Public Financial Institutions etc. is respect of Afifa charges consultancy fee that is being denoted as processing fee. – ...Consumer complaints and reviews about Afifa Consultancy Pvt. Ltd. Afifa Consultancy Pvt. Ltd contact information. Questions FAQ Submit a Complaint. ... and now not any reply or not contestable. that type frude with me and i have pay

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.423214
Retrieved Text: As the housing market began to deteriorate in 2006, evidence of weak mortgage underwriting standards and unsound risk management procedures began to surface along with reports of people exploiting those industry weaknesses to commit mortgage fraud.
As the housing market collapsed further, authorities began to focus efforts on finding and prosecuting those individuals committing mortgage fraud. In 2008, the Justice Department identified Minnesota as one of 10 mortgage fraud "hotspots" in the United States.
By 2010, Minnesota still ranked eighth in the nation for mortgage fraud complaints on loans originated since 2006. Although mortgage fraud complaints declined dramatically, advocates think that offenders are targeting a new market, scamming people who are trying to save their homes from foreclosure.
This does not mean that prosecutors are walking away from the mortgage fraud issue. Despite the decline in mortgage fraud claims, Minnesota officials are still aggressively pursuing those they suspect of mortgage fraud. It is important to understand what mortgage fraud is, what types of activities constitute mortgage fraud and what authorities are doing in mortgage fraud cases.
According to the FBI, mortgage fraud is a form of bank robbery where the bank is unaware of the theft until much later after the fact. Mortgage fraud involves a material misstatement or misrepresentation that the mortgagor relies on when deciding whether to approve a loan application.
The FBI identifies two general types of mortgage fraud: fraud for profit and fraud for housing. Within those two broad categories, the FBI investigates several different types of activities.
Fraud for profit usually involves those who work in the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.317768
Retrieved Text: Two of the men were stopped by police after one of the alleged break-ins. It is important to keep in mind that the criminal justice system provides a presumption of innocence until the accused individual is proven guilty. It is an important aspect of the criminal justice system because each individual accused of a crime has the right to defend against the charges against them and to challenge the evidence being used against them.
Different challenges may be appropriate as part of a strong criminal defense strategy depending on the different types of evidence being used against the accused individual. It may be necessary to challenge physical evidence or the statements of witnesses. It may also be necessary to challenge police procedures used in the collection or handling of evidence or a failure to abide by required procedures in the arrest or search process.
It is also important that when an individual has been accused of a crime, they understand they have protections and rights and should be familiar with what they are. Understanding how these rights and protections form the basis of a strong criminal defense strategy can be essential to reducing the charges or mitigating the overall potentially harsh impact of the charges being faced.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.292753
Retrieved Text: What Is the Local Land Charges Register?
It is a statutory register which must be kept and maintained by all Local Authorities for their area under the Local Land Charges Act 1975.
What Types of Charges Are on the Local Land Charges Register?
Highways information – please note this link is for Leicestershire County Council enquiries only. For properties within the city of Leicester, highways information will be provided by Leicester City Council Local Land Charges team.
Why Do I Need to Be Aware of Local Land Charges?
Land Charges are binding on successive owners regardless of whether a new owner was aware of the charge when they became the owner of the property.
A charge may affect the use or enjoyment of the land or restrict its development and it is wise that any prospective purchaser is aware of any charges before they purchase the land.
For instance if a tree on your property is subject to a tree preservation order (TPO) you would need written permission to remove it or have tree surgery carried out on it. If you remove trees or do work to them without permission you could be prosecuted. Enforcement action may in some cases lead to fines or court action.
Do You Require a Plan of the Property to Conduct a Search?
Yes, one copy of the plan is usually required to enable us to verify the property being searched is the same as on our records.
What forms of payment does the LeicesterShire Land & Property Searches Partnership accept?
Once you have successfully submitted your search through our online service

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.253233
Retrieved Text: Embezzlement Charges: What Are They?
There are many different types of theft. One of those types is embezzlement. Often a crime that occurs in the workplace, embezzlement can have serious consequences. If you face embezzlement charges, then you deserve to know what to expect. Here is everything that you should know about embezzlement charges.
Embezzlement is a crime that involves the theft of assets, like money or property. However, the crime is more specific than that. The theft needs to occur by a person who is in a position of power over the assets. For example, someone might put you in charge of the money of your great aunt. If you take that money and use it for your personal gain, then you can face embezzlement charges.
Most often, embezzlement occurs in a corporate environment. However, there are also other types of embezzlement. Depending on your crime, you could face one of the various types of embezzlement charges. The type of embezzlement depends on your relationship with the person from whom you stole.
One type of embezzlement is accounting embezzlement. When this occurs, an individual manipulates the financial records to hide a heft. For example, you might steal $20,000 from a business and find ways to remove that $20,000 from the accounting records. Unless someone looked closely, the theft could remain hidden. This qualifies as embezzlement because you had the authority to manage the books, but used that power to steal money for your personal use.
Another type of embezzlement is cash embezzlement. When someone steals physical money from an employer,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.116985
Retrieved Text: When it comes to choosing a mortgage your choice is essentially between a variable rate – one that can change – and a fixed rate, which will not change for a certain period of time.
There are typically two types of variable rate mortgage: trackers and discount.
Tracker mortgages mirror the movements of the base rate, the benchmark interest rate set by the Bank of England. They will rise or fall in line with changes in base rate, plus a set percentage. For Example if the Bank of England base rate goes up by 0.5% then your rate would increase by the same amount. This means that your monthly payments would also increase.
A discount rate mortgage will follow a lender’s Standard Variable Rate (SVR). Unlike a tracker it can therefore increase or decrease independently of the base rate.
With a fixed rate the interest rate and the monthly payments will be set for a period of time. This could be for two, three years, or five, or even longer. The rate that you pay will not change during this time, but will revert back to the lenders standard variable rate after it finishes. This is often a good time to look for a better deal.
What happens at the end of my deal period?
Once your deal period has ended you will move on to the lenders Standard Variable Rate which will usually mean that you will be free to move your mortgage with no Early Repayment Charges. Although, you should always check with your existing lender to check that this

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.11304
Retrieved Text: Do You Need our Lee County Bail Bonds Service?
No one plans to be arrested. No one expects to need the services of a Lee County bail bonds company. However, it certainly happens. Arrests can be made for almost any reason, from domestic disturbance and violence to suspected larceny, burglary and more. Whether or not you or your loved one committed the act they’re being accused of, working with a reputable bail bonds company is the only way to help them get out of lockup and get back to living their life until such time as their trial occurs.
Different charges require different types of bonds. For instance, if you or your loved one has been arrested and placed in a city or county jail, you will need to obtain a local or state bail bond. These are the most common charges in the state of Florida (and across the nation, truth be told). Local charges differ from federal charges, and usually require that you pay 10% of the total bail amount as the bond fee.
If your loved one is facing federal charges, then a federal bail bond is needed. You will need to find a Lee County bail bondsman that offers bonds on federal charges. You will also have to pay a slightly higher bond fee (15% rather than the 10% charged for local and county bonds).
Immigration is a hot topic today, and any charges involving immigration matters will require a 15% bond fee. Additionally, not all bail bonds companies work with these types of charges, so

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.102673
Retrieved Text: Meters for electricity and gas measure the amount of electricity and gas used by the customer. There are different types of meters available and their suitability varies from customer to customer.
The two main types of meters are credit and prepay meters. There is an explanation of the difference between the two below.
Most electricity and gas customers have a credit meter.
Credit meters can be either digital or mechanical. The networks companies will attempt to read each meter four times a year and they will produce two additional planned estimates in a year. Where they cannot get access to the meter they will produce an estimated read.
The networks companies pass on these actual or estimated meter reads to suppliers who use them to bill customers for their usage.
There’s more information on the different types of meters and how to read your meter on our metering page.
Many customers have prepay meters. The main difference from a credit meter is that the prepay meter must be topped up before electricity is used and the customer does not receive bills. This is similar to a “pay as you go” mobile phone.
Prepay meters can help many customers to budget for their energy costs as the payment is made up front. Prepay meters reduce the possibility of a large unexpected bill being received by householders. However, for some prepay options there may be additional fixed charges. Customers should carefully review the charges when considering whether to switch to a prepay supplier.
Prepay meters may also be useful for customers who have accumulated debt. A

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.076914
Retrieved Text: Drugs disguised as candy may emerge near Valentine's Day | Law Offices of Walter L. Lutes, P.C.
Celebrated by children and adults alike, these days are all about giving and getting sweets. But, every year, police find threatening substances that are only disguised as candy.
Have these drugs been found during holidays before?
Over this last Halloween came an example in which drugs disguised as candy (along with other contraband) were discovered after a suspect fled the scene of a hit-and-run car accident.
Authorities confiscated pills shaped like cartoons. Specifically, the pills took the form of characters, Hello Kitty, Homer Simpson and the Minions from Despicable Me.
As Valentine's Day nears (another holiday characterized by candy-sharing), police will be on the lookout for controlled substances imitating popular candy hearts.
What types of drugs are disguised as candy?
This disguise trend is common for ecstasy and molly. Marijuana edibles are also common to see in the form of lollipops or other candy.
Why are drugs disguised as candy?
Disguising drugs as candy is meant to lure teens and young adults into purchasing them. The childish appearance of the substance creates a façade that makes the drug seem more familiar and less threatening or dangerous.
What are the penalties for purchasing these drugs?
For underage users, falling into this ploy is an easy mistake to make. However, Georgia has strict ramifications for possession of ecstasy and marijuana.
Possession of any amount of ecstasy, otherwise known as a MDMA, can be charged as a felony offense, punishable by two to 30 years of imprisonment along with hefty fines. The extent of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.05085
Retrieved Text: PORT ALLEN, LA (WAFB) - A former police chief made another court appearance Monday related to a number of felony charges he is facing.
Jamie Whaley, the former police chief of Brusly, was in court in West Baton Rouge Parish for a pre-trial conference. He is accused of stealing seven department-issued guns and transferring them to firearms dealers. He is also suspected of falsifying checks.
Normally, these types of hearings are held to try to reach a resolution in a case before it goes to trial. There has been no word on exactly what happened during the hearing.
Whaley was arrested in January 2014 on theft and malfeasance charges for using a police department fuel card to put gas in his personal car. In April, he resigned and pleaded guilty to malfeasance.
Then, just two months later, he was arrested again. Those charges included malfeasance, theft and forgery. The charges stem from an investigation by the Louisiana Inspector General and FBI.
Whaley is accused of misappropriating seven firearms owned by the town of Brusly. Officials stated the guns are worth more than $1,000. Whaley is also suspected of stealing $600 from the police department's auxiliary account. According to an affidavit, he forged two checks.
He had no comment as he left the West Baton Rouge Parish Prison on June 11. He was released after posting a $10,000 bond and forfeiting his passport.
Whaley pleaded guilty on April 17, 2014 to one count of malfeasance in office. He was sentenced to 18 months of probation.
Whaley turned himself in to police on Jan. 23, 2014

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.848984
Retrieved Text: This chapter builds on the work covered in electrostatics in grade 10. Learners should be familiar with the two types of charges and with simple calculations of amount of charge. The following list summarises the topics covered in this chapter.
In this part of the topic learners are introduced to Coulomb's law. This is an inverse square law and has a similar form to Newton's law of Universal Gravitation.
The concept of an electric field is introduced in this part of the chapter. Learners will see how to draw the electric field lines for different configurations of charges and will learn how to determine the magnitude of the electric field. Learners will also learn how to calculate the electric field at a point due to a number of point charges.
In Grade 10, you learnt about the force between charges. In this chapter you will learn exactly how to determine this force and about a basic law of electrostatics.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.793741
Retrieved Text: An honest criminal defense lawyer doesn't go online calling themselves a "Drunk Driving" lawyer unless they actually concentrate on Drunk Driving, like William Maze of Royal Oak. Type "Michigan Assault Lawyer" into Google and you'll be flooded with criminal defense lawyers calling themselves "Michigan Assault Lawyer." Funny thing is, when you Google "Michigan Retail Fraud Lawyer" (or any other crime), they're that guy, too. I won't mention any names, but it's false and misleading.
Brian J. Prain is a true Michigan Assault Lawyer - we concentrate only on cases involving elements of Assault, we go to Jury Trial and fight, and we WIN. So what exactly is a Michigan Assault charge anyway? What are the different types, and how do they compare to each other?
Broadly speaking, Assault charges are criminal charges for violating the personal rights of another person. In other words, they are "crimes against persons." All Michigan Assault charges belong to one of two categories: Misdemeanor Assault charges, punishable by up to 1 year in County Jail, and Felony Assault charges, punishable by 1 year or more in State Prison. If you or someone you know is facing either, contact a legitimate Michigan Assault Lawyer at (248) 731-4543 for a free consultation. A Michigan Assault Lawyer understands the Michigan Assault laws.
Michigan Misdemeanor Assault charges include 93 day Misdemeanors, such as: Assault (Simple Assault), Assault and Battery, Domestic Violence (Domestic Assault); and 1 year Misdemeanors, such as: Aggravated Assault, Domestic Violence Second Offense (Domestic Assault Second Offense), and Aggravated Domestic Violence (Aggravated Domestic Assault). A true

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.771926
Retrieved Text: We’ve all heard the terms ‘homicide’, ‘murder’, and ‘manslaughter’, but do you understand what they each mean and how they differ from one another? In general, homicide is a legal term for any killing of a human being by another human being. It is important to note that homicide does not always mean a crime was committed, as some types of homicide are legal, such as killing of a suspect by the police or killing in self-defense. However, all unlawful homicides are usually classified as either murder or manslaughter. These two terms are oftentimes mixed up and misused, which is why we are going to take the time today to explain how to the two differ from one another. There are numerous subtle distinctions between murder and manslaughter, and the jury’s decision to charge someone with one or the other may depend less on legal rules, but instead on how morally responsible any given defendant is. At Atkins & Markoff, our knowledgeable criminal defense attorneys have represented people throughout Oklahoma on these types of cases. If you have been charged with either murder or manslaughter, or would like to learn more about the differences between the two, please do not hesitate to contact us today.
Manslaughter differs from murder in that is an unlawful killing that did not involve premeditation, malice, or the intent to harm, kill, or cause serious injury to another person. Because of the absence of malice, manslaughter oftentimes involves less moral blame than murder. This means that, while still a serious crime, the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.716844
Retrieved Text: We know the way that PG&E displays Community Choice Aggregation (CCA's) data can be a bit confusing. PG&E supports mulitple programs, including Marin Clean Energy (MCE), Sonoma Clean Power (SCP), Clean Power SF (CPSF), Peninsula Clean Energy (PCE), and Silicon Valley Clean Energy (SVCE). We provide the full cost data for these types of accounts, and here is how we handle them.
PG&E displays the delivery charges (from PG&E) and the generation charges (from the CCA) as two separate Service Agreement IDs (SAIDs) on a bill. While there are two SAIDs, there is only one physical meter at the service address, and it most often associated with the PG&E Delivery Charge SAID. You may also find the interval data with this SAID, and the CCA SAID will not have intervals since there is no physical meter.
Since PG&E lists the charges under two SAIDs, we do as well in our dashboard. The CCA charges will have "CCA" as the tariff, while the delivery charges will display the associated PG&E tariff, such as E-1 or A6. See the example below.
For the full cost data, you will need to combine the CCA generation charges and the PG&E delivery charges. Since we already parse the data out for you in a CSV file, all you will need to do is combine the data from the CCA SAID and PG&E Delivery Charge SAID with the provided CSV files.
Note too that we do not charge for services with a CCA tariff.
We hope this helps clear the air a bit. If you have any

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.710129
Retrieved Text: For over thirty years, the Law Office of Michael M. Monopoli has defended individuals charged with crimes in the courts of Massachusetts. During that time, the Office has handled and tried thousands of criminal cases for individuals facing all types of criminal charges.
Today, the two attorneys in the Office appear in the criminal courts of Massachusetts on a daily basis. Our goal in all of our cases is to have our clients found not guilty or have the charges against them dismissed. If that is not possible, we work diligently to resolve their cases in the best way possible for our clients. Our extensive experience and knowledge of the courts and the law enables us to represent our clients with effectiveness, efficiency, and competence.
Aside from litigating our clients’ cases in court, we also strive to provide our clients with an accurate understanding of the criminal process and the risks and penalties of what they are facing. We know that being charged criminally is very difficult, and it is important to us that our clients understand what is happening during all stages of their cases. We do our best to keep our clients informed and prepare them for the ultimate resolution of their case, whether that be a trial, a plea-bargained agreement, or a dismissal.
If you are charged with a crime in Massachusetts, please contact our office to schedule an initial consultation with us.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.705923
Retrieved Text: Being accused of taking another person’s property is something that needs to be taken seriously. Theft charges come with a range of penalties, all of which could have long-lasting consequences and leave you with a criminal record.
At Stewart, Murray and Associates Law Group, we understand the complexities of these cases and are ready to step in and help you. We understand that people make mistakes, but do not believe that should ruin their lives. We also understand that there are times when people should not even be facing theft charges. If you need a Washington County theft attorney, call us today.
What Kind Of Theft Charges Are There?
In Pennsylvania, there are two types of theft charges: theft by unlawful taking of movable property and theft by unlawful taking of immovable property.
Theft of movable property includes taking or exercising control over items that are not yours with the intent to deprive the owner. This can include things like jewelry, money, electronics, etc.
Theft of immovable property includes unlawfully transferring or exercising control over property that is owned by another person with the intent to benefit yourself. This includes things like houses, tracts of land, or other real estate.
*It is important to note that retail theft is different than theft in Pennsylvania. Taking items from a store (shoplifting) are covered under separate offenses. Theft charges, or unlawful taking, deal with incidents against another person.
The penalties a person could face for theft vary depending on the value of the property taken and range from misdemeanor charges to felony charges.
Less than $50:

================



======= Instance Index 7910 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

All cells come from pre-existing cells.


Q: Where do all cells come from?

 Choices:

- dying cells

- large cells

- pre-existing cells

- busy cells

A:

Target Text: pre-existing cells

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.71201
Retrieved Text: As all of us know that in meiosis oocyte forms follicles and egg cells, so my question is that if an oocyte can form follicles then why sperm cells do not forms the follicles? And in evolutionary terms how this huge difference can in these two same germinal cells?
Browse other questions tagged cell-biology reproduction meiosis ovulation or ask your own question.
Does Human Female Meiosis II occur after fertilization with sperm?
What type of cell do you start with in Meiosis?
Fertilization of the human egg- where does our centrosome come from?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.519783
Retrieved Text: Where do the apples in the apple orchard come from? Apple seeds? And if the seeds come from apple trees, where do the trees that produce the seeds come from? The ground? The sky? The air? If we are being truly honest, we have to acknowledge that there is an intelligence that produces the life within all matter, whether it is a plant, mineral, or us.
All of the cells in your body, like the apples on an apple tree, were created from just two cells with the specific intention of functioning in a certain way, in an exact location, for a special purpose. You are really special, but if your body is the produce, who is the producer? Chiropractors refer to the source of your life expression as Innate Intelligence, which simply means that an inborn intelligence makes all life and guides it while it exists.
Would you ever expect to get turnips from an apple tree? Of course not! But we CAN expect unhealthy apples from an unhealthy apple tree. If we want healthy apples, we have to take care of the apple tree. We all know that water, sun, and good soil are important, but what if something was putting pressure on the trunk of that tree? All of the other care of the tree would not be appreciated. The tree trunk affects every part of the tree, from the roots to the branches to the fruit it bears. The trunk of the tree is vital to every single apple hanging on the apple tree.
How

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.381542
Retrieved Text: When it comes to stem cells, “basic” isn’t exactly the first word that comes to mind. There’s a lot of science, a lot of history, and yes, even a little bit of controversy that can come with stem cells, so it’s tough to know where to start. But stem cells are at the core of who we are — and at the heart of the research we’re doing here at Orig3n — so this is a good first step. In this blog post, you’ll learn what stem cells are, how they work, and why the work we’re doing with them might help you live a healthier life.
Stem cells are cells that have the extraordinary ability to differentiate, or transform, into entirely different types of cells — brain cells, heart cells, skin cells, lung cells, and more. We’re made of stem cells — all of our organs and tissues originally grew from clusters of them.
But stem cells also have the potential to repair those same tissues and organs when we’re injured or sick. In many parts of your body, your stem cells already work hard to replenish unhealthy or damaged cells as needed.
Scientists are now researching stem cells because of these remarkable healing capabilities, to see if they can be used in medical and drug development applications.
They are unspecialized — meaning they aren’t any one particular type of cell, like a skin cell or a heart cell.
But they can differentiate into more specialized cells, like liver cells, heart cells, and brain cells.
They also have a limitless self-renewal

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.193834
Retrieved Text: Remember the other Day we were talking about The Electronic Age and How our Brains are Adapting to Less Thinking...We are actually Not Using Parts of our Brain that we used to...We are Limiting our Growth Potential by allowing Machines and Movies to do the Creative Thinking for us...We are Losing our Ability to be Creative-Imaginative Thinkers by Under-utilizing this Part of our Brain.
You may Wonder WHY Pray tell is Imagination and Creativity so Valuable Anyway?
Ohhhh...Lemme Just Share with You!
The Imaginal Cell - Lets give it a definition so we all know what we are talking about.
The term “Imaginal” has connotations of imagination, the process of creating new ideas and concepts of things that do not yet exist.
But in biology, the term is applied to Imaginal cells – and the startling science behind Imaginal cells is where we get our inspiration for the work we do.
Again Today, we turn to Dr. Bruce Lipton an American developmental biologist best known for promoting the idea that genes and DNA can be manipulated by a person's beliefs.
Exactly what we are looking for! So let's hear a quick explanation from Dr Lipton himself. Who could explain it better?
Imaginal Cells are responsible for our Creative Thinking in times when other cells are dying off...The cells that are looking to the Future and finding a creative way to morph and change with the times. I think I am one giant Imaginal Cell right now! How bout' you?
Both explanations use a caterpillar as an example...Most cells die off in a caterpillar...But the Imaginal

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.097294
Retrieved Text: ASAP Utilities for Excel – Blog » Tip: Select cells automatically based on their contents, formatting, etc.
Quickly select certain cells automatically?
A few examples where this can come in handy.
You've received a file and all the cells that have been marked with strikethrough need to be removed.
All the cells that are marked bold need to be copied to another workbook.
Select and delete all cells with a specific font color?
Select all cells that are not empty.
Select cells with a certain text length. For example if you are preparing data for a database and need to find which values have a length of more than 250 characters, you can use this utility and choose "Text Length" in the "Based on content" tab and enter >250. With this option you can enter a number but also the < and > sign.
Select only the odd or even rows or columns.
Quickly find/select all merged cells.
Select only the cells with a certain date, month, day, weekday or year or within a certain period.
Quickly select all unprotected cells in your template, so that you can color them to make it easy to fill in for the end-user.
Select all cells that contain or do not contain a certain value or keyword.
Then after the cells are selected you can do anything with them, such as editing their values, giving a color, clear them or copy them.
This is often a quicker alternative for the default method that Excel offers such as this one, this one or this one.
It's guaranteed that you'll save yourself time and effort by

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.978916
Retrieved Text: All organisms are made of cells, and all cells come from preexisting cells.
A highly organized compartment that is bounded by a thin, flexible structure called a plasma membrane and that contains concentrated chemicals in an aqueous solution.
Cells do not arise by spontaneous generation.
What does Natural Selection explain?
Traits that can be passed on to offspring.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.945871
Retrieved Text: Tell Me About Stem Cells and Treatment - Piedmont Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation, P.A.
Could you imagine your body having the inability to heal itself after tearing muscle tissue? Or the inability to replenish and replace dying and dead skin cells. Well that’s where stem cells come in. They do that and so much more.
A stem cell is unique to any other cell in your body because of its ability to renew and regenerate. They don’t carry out specialized functions like brain, red, or white blood cells, but they are a vital component in repairing and replacing damaged or torn tissue. After all, a cluster of stem cells is where the formation of every organ and tissue in your body came from.
Stem cells start in the embryo. At this point, they are only capable of renewing and recreating through differentiation and cell division. Sometimes they’ll be inactive for a long while, but eventually they are directed toward a certain job, either to create bones, muscles, skin, the brain or the heart. They have the ability to create ANY type of cell in the human body. Whenever a stem cell is taken from a child or adult and is genetically modified to mimic an embryonic stem cell, we would categorize it as an induced pluripotent stem cell.
There are two different kinds of stem cells: human embryonic stem cells and somatic or “adult” stem cells.
Human embryonic stem cells derive from human embryos. These are the stem cells we discussed earlier. Their ability to generate any kind of cell in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.876959
Retrieved Text: Hi, my name in Venkatesh Movva. I’m a physician specializing in sports medicine and regenerative medicine. So we’re going to talk about regenerative techniques and new technology that’s been evolving in the field of regenerative medicine, regenerative orthopedics. Interventional orthopedics we call it these days. A tremendous opportunity to avoid surgery in most of the cases, an option which was not available several years ago. It was popularized by the athletes only. We used to see athletes going overseas … Peyton Manning, Kobe Bryant. But now it’s available in US and we’ve been pioneering this for the last several years. As a group, Regenexx, we have basically performed more number of procedures in the stem cell and the regenerative field, plasma rich platelets field, than anyone else in the world.
We have also published a substantial part of the literature in the emerging areas of interventional orthopedics and regenerative medicine. That’s what we’re going to talk about. I do practice in two locations. One is in Dallas. Great point location, where we offer stem cell procedures for orthopedic problems. We’re talking about knees, shoulders, ankles, hips, lumbar spine, cervical spine, wrist. Basically most of the peripheral joints in the body as well as the spine related issues.
Typically, I know a lot of people have questions about “Hey, what is this? We’ve been reading so much online. There are so many conflicting information embryonic stem cell versus what are these stem cells?” Typically what these cells are, in USA, FDA approves us to do only orthopedic stem cells.
We’re

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.78276
Retrieved Text: Many active athletes, weekend warriors, and folks with arthritic joints have been asking about two treatment options for their pain: Platelet Rich Plasma (PRP) and “Stem Cells.” Both treatments have become increasingly popular, but at the same time, there is a lot of false information about them, especially online. For this reason, I think it’s important that I update my patients. These procedures are also not covered by insurance, so we want our patients, who are eligible, to be well informed before undergoing such treatments.
The focus of this information is on joint cartilage injuries, arthritis and focal cartilage defects (potholes in cartilage).
Why isn’t PRP always effective?
First we draw blood and then it is ‘spun’ in a centrifuge to separate out the platelet layer, which is then removed. Many different companies provide systems to do this; however, not all PRP is the same. The various systems that are engineered to harvest PRP also are able to harvest other cells. Additionally, the concentration of platelets per unit volume differs among systems. With that said, initial clinical studies on “PRP” have had mixed results because different systems produce different types of PRP.
For example, some PRP formulations contain a high number of leukocytes (white blood cells). These formulations are called Leukocyte Rich PRP (LR-PRP). Depending on the formulation of PRP and condition we’re treating, some patients may experience a positive response and some patients may actually feel MORE pain. It’s important to discuss which formulation is best for you.
These cells have a pro-inflammatory response when exposed to tissue. When they’re

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.76772
Retrieved Text: Bipolar nerve cell from the spinal ganglion of the pike.
A bipolar cell is a type of neuron which has two extensions. Bipolar cells are specialized sensory neurons for the transmission of special senses. As such, they are part of the sensory pathways for smell, sight, taste, hearing and vestibular functions.
Common examples are the bipolar cell of the retina, the ganglia of the vestibulocochlear nerve, and the extensive use of bipolar cells to transmit efferent (motor) signals to control muscles.
The four types of retinal neurons are bipolar cells, ganglion cells, horizontal cells, and amacrine cells.
Oftentimes found in the retina, bipolar cells are crucial as they serve as both direct and indirect cell pathways. The specific location of the bipolar cells allow them to facilitate the pathway of signals both where they start in the receptors as well as where they arrive at the ganglion cells. Bipolar cells in the retina are also unique as they do not fire impulses like the other cells found within the retina. Rather, bipolar cells have a receptive-field that surrounds them. Therefore, bipolar cells may exist as off-center or on-center. The off-center bipolar cells possess excitatory relationships with the synapses and are hyperpolarized by light. On-center bipolar cells have inhibitory synapses and therefore are suppressed in the dark.
Bipolar neurons exist within the vestibular nerve as it is responsible for special sensory sensations including hearing, equilibrium and motion detection. The majority of the bipolar neurons belonging to the vestibular nerve exist within the vestibular ganglion with axons extending into the maculae of utricle

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.754553
Retrieved Text: Why do we need a digestive tract?
If the body did not have a digestive tract, you could not enjoy your favorite pizza, hamburger, or other food. The human body must obtain its energy by eating food. Therefore, the main purpose of the digestive system is to provide the body with amino acids, carbohydrates, fats, and vitamins to keep our cells functioning. The digestive system provides these essential materials to the 75 trillion cells that live in our bodies. Wow! Do you know how many 75 trillion is?
The digestive tract takes both liquids and food and breaks them down into single molecules that can be absorbed by cells in the small intestine. These cells transport the molecules into the blood stream so that other cells in the body can use them. The digestive tract also serves to eliminate what your body doesn't absorb during the digestive process.
Why do I have a stomach?
The stomach has two major functions in your body: one for digestion and one for defense. (See the illustration on the right.). Digestion breaks down proteins with acidic stomach juice, secreting enzymes that split up proteins into individual amino acids (see Cells Are Us unit on proteins). The defense component kills most foreign organisms that you ingest so that they can't get into your bloodstream or anywhere else in your body. These organisms are destroyed by the highly acidic stomach fluid that is secreted within the stomach.
Why do you have two intestines?
The intestines are where the body absorbs all of the food, vitamins, fluid, and minerals

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.73296
Retrieved Text: Led by professor of oncology Ron Levy, a team at Stanford has come up with a promising new cancer treatment. (Credit: Steve Fisch).
Harnessing the body’s natural immune defenses to take the fight to cancer, known as immunotherapy, is an especially promising area of cancer research with the potential to tackle all forms of the disease. Scientists from Stanford University are now reporting an exciting new advance in the field, discovering that a single injection of immune-stimulating agents can quickly destroy tumors in mice, and promisingly, clinical trials investigating its effects in humans are already underway.
Alongside chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgical removal, immunotherapy has come to be heralded as the fourth pillar in cancer therapy. Though our immune system automatically kicks into gear when cancer is detected, the cancerous cells are quite adept at evading it, multiplying and then eventually overpowering it.
So immunotherapy is a way of swinging the odds back in the immune system’s favor. Some of the common approaches include targeting the built-in switches that stop natural cancer-fighting proteins do their thing, boosting other proteins that ramp up the presence of cancer-fighting T cells, and removing T cells, genetically engineering them to attack tumor cells, and then returning them to the body.
All have shown promise in different ways, but all have their limitations, such as nasty side effects, high costs and/or very involved preparation and treatment times. Led by professor of oncology Ron Levy, the Stanford researchers have come up with a potentially much better way of doing things that involves delivering a potent cancer-killing mix

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.704426
Retrieved Text: You are made of cells. Cells are the basic units of structure and function in living things. This means that cells form the parts of an organism and carry out all of an organism’s processes, or functions.
Cells and Structure: When you describe the structure of an object, you describe what it is made of and how its parts are put together. The structures of many buildings, for example, are determined by the way in which bricks, steel beams, and other materials are arranged. The structures of living things are determined by the amazing variety of ways in which cells are put together. A tall tree, for example, consists of cells arranged to form a high trunk and leafy branches. A red newt’s cells form a body with a head and four legs.
Cells and Function: An organism’s functions are the processes that enable it to stay alive and reproduce. Some functions in organisms include obtaining oxygen, getting rid of wastes, obtaining food, and growing. Cells are involved in all these functions. For example, cells in your digestive system absorb food. The food provides your body with energy and materials needed for growth.
One square centimeter of your skin’s surface contains more than 100,000 cells. But no matter how closely you look with your eyes alone, you won’t be able to see individual skin cells. That is because, like most cells, those of your skin are very small. Until the late 1600s, no one knew cells existed because there was no way to see them.
Development of the Cell theory:Many

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.678436
Retrieved Text: Dr Lucas and Professor Anderson in the lab.
In the build up to this year’s Stand Up To Cancer, we’re running a series of posts that focus on the science that is happening around the country thanks to your generous donations and amazing fundraising. The second in our series focuses on lymphoma and the immune system.
Professor Graham Anderson and Dr Beth Lucas, a postdoctoral researcher in his lab at The University of Birmingham, are studying how our immune system works.
They want to work out how one of our organs, the thymus, acts as a ‘training centre’ for a type of white blood cell by turning them into fully functioning immune cells. And their findings could help uncover new ways to protect cancer patients from infection.
In an unfortunate twist of fate, Beth was diagnosed with Hodgkin Lymphoma while studying for her PhD. So right now, the science she’s so passionate about may one day play a part in improving treatments for the disease she experienced.
We took a trip up to Birmingham to hear their story.
If most people were asked to name a fundamentally important organ within our bodies that we wouldn’t survive without, they might say the heart, brain, or lungs.
But few would ever mention one of the most vital organs in our bodies – the thymus.
So what exactly is the thymus and why is it so critical?
“The thymus is an organ that sits above the heart in the chest,” explains Anderson.
“T-cells do all kinds of jobs,” he adds. “They help to fight bacterial and viral infections, they

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.587082
Retrieved Text: In leukemia, a form of blood cancer, cells from the bone marrow multiply without control and invade the bloodstream and other organs. This compromises the function of the red blood cells (oxygen transport) and the white blood cells (immune defense) and leads to severe illness and death. Patients with leukemia cannot always be cured by chemotherapy and have to undergo stem cell therapy. During this therapy, the entire blood producing system (and with it all cancer cells) of a leukemia patient are killed off by irradiation and is then replaced by a new and healthy blood producing system by giving patients blood stem cells from a healthy donor by infusion. These blood stem cells are then capable of regenerating the entire blood producing system. However this therapy still fails in about 20% of all cases and the leukemia patients die during the procedure mostly because the transplanted blood stem cells do not give rise to enough new blood cells in the patient. One reason is that blood stem cells are normally very passive and are dormant in a defined place in the bones (called the endosteal niche). After transfusion, the transplanted done stem cells go again back to their niche this time in the patient, where they are kept in a dormant state. We have observed that a protein called Gfi1b regulates where the stem cells reside in the bone and whether they are active or not. We have generated a mouse model enabling us to switch the Gfi1b gene off, and when we do this,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.366465
Retrieved Text: Peter got permission from the owner of Repackr to set up a copy of the pack builder utility here. It's actually open source on github. Anyway, just wanted to let everyone know that it's now available in the top-right links menu. A small update, but a fun update nevertheless.
Good catch! It wasn't supposed to do that and is fixed now Thank you.
can your progress be saved? For example if I enter 1200 different cell capacities and are only half way through, Can I save where I am up to or do I have to leave the window open until i come back?
No progress saving at this time. You can update your information as you add more cells/packs to your system, though. When you come back to the page, it'll load your information and just change what ever values you need to change.
I ended up typing all my cells into a spreadsheet as I processed them and then did an export out of that into the pack builder tool. Worked really well!
The paste in spreadsheet is nice but can this be saved in my account? Can I / you give packs name / code to easily associate bin to pack while sorting batteries.
Current time: 04-20-2019, 09:15 PM Powered By MyBB, © 2002-2019 MyBB Group.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.34897
Retrieved Text: Investigating the apparent murder of a man, Sherlock Holmes called on his old pals at the Health Center of Hillsborough, the chiropractors who work with certain life and death issues. Was this really murder?
The doctors there looked at the pattern of behavior leading to this death. They told Holmes the facts. That only about 10% of the trillions of cells in a human body are actually human!
10% of the cells in a human body are human!
90% of the cells in the human body are bacteria, viruses and other microbes, mostly in the digestive system and on the skin. We have more DNA from microbes than we have DNA from our own body tissue. 90% of the cells in a human body are microbes!
The genes of these microbes are more responsible for human survival than the genes of our own human body! In the human body, we have 22,333 human genes and about 8,000,000 microbe genes.
For example, the energy we need to make our muscles contract comes from tiny cells in our body called mitochondria. Originally these cells were parasites and stayed with us all through our development to become an integral part of all the cells of our body. Yes, mitochondria still have their own genes, different from ours.
The doctors said that just as we need air and water to live, we need our microbes. A person who has lost their good microbes is a person who is likely to become overweight, sick and deathly.
So what part of us is human and what part of us

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.312601
Retrieved Text: As a lady it is suggested that pap a test pregnancy is suggested if you are above 21 years of age or within 3 years of becoming sexually active. They are tests not to diagnose anything, but a form of screening test to figure out any abnormal cells in the cervix. If you get Pap smear in early pregnancy the chances of figuring out the exact cause and then a plan of treatment could be advocated as well.
It would be obvious that the worry signs would be high the moment you are told that the pap smears works out to be abnormal. It could point to abnormal cells or any form of infection as well. At the same time it is really important to figure out that the presence of abnormal cells does not point to any cancer. It does point to the fact whether an additional round of testing may be needed to get down to the basis of the problem.
The positive test would point to the occurrence of cancer cells. In medical terms this goes by the name of an abnormal pap. Once again be aware of the fact that this is not a diagnosis but a mere test. If the results turn out to be positive, in no way it means that you are suffering from cancer. It does point to the fact that another round of evaluation may be needed. Here you go on to do colposcopy where with a microscope you do observe on to the cervix. The other procedure works

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.272032
Retrieved Text: So, it is that time a year again in which all of us could benefit from some “upside-down” energy. Spring has been taking a very long time to get here, but the nice weather and the warmth has finally arrived, now, we must re-align ourselves to be able to take it all in. And this is why I am suggesting a two-hour workshop where I will teach you to invert yourself and be comfortable in it so you can actually enjoy some extra red-blood cells to your brain and a fresh feeling of rebirth afterword! So, come on all and come on charged to have some serious fun and be all jittery and “high” in the end. We will do 5 different types of head-stands and then I will teach you fore-arm balance and full hand-stand!!!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.192343
Retrieved Text: Remember back in the old days of the web, when websites were made of tables?
Above: a table layout with 3 columns and two rows.
Eventually, we were graced with the <div> element, which is short for "divider", and we were then expected to manipulate layouts with CSS using float: and position: instead.
Because the <table> element was never a viable solution for creating web layouts. In order for a table to be rendered by the browser, all of the content in all of the rows and columns need to be loaded first, which can give the impression that a website is loading slowly (it's recommended that you don't delay the rendering of content, to aid what we call perceived performance). Given how much users hate to wait around, this isn't ideal at all. Tables also don't play nice with responsive layouts (at least ones that are somewhat complex in nature).
So we should be using <div>s?
Even though <div>s come with their own set of challenges, yes, we should be using <div>s. But we're not making the case for <div>s today; no, today we're making the case for creating layouts using <div>s with CSS Grid, rather than <div>s with positioning and floats. CSS Grid is much more flexible. While tables result in more HTML and less CSS, <div>s result in less HTML and more CSS, but by using the new-ish CSS Grid features, we can have a much smaller codebase all-round and even come up with some pretty exciting layouts that ordinarily we would have deemed too complex to even

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.160849
Retrieved Text: To understand the aorta, it helps to have a good sense of how blood moves throughout the body.
Blood travels through the body along two different types of pathways: veins and arteries.
Veins bring blood cells to the heart, where they can pick up oxygen that’s been brought in by the lungs.
Arteries take blood cells away from the heart, where they can deliver that oxygen to the rest of the body.
The Aorta is the first and largest part of the artery system. All smaller arteries come off branches of the aorta, like exits on a highway.
The aorta runs right down the middle of your body. But it doesn’t take a completely straight path.
It starts at the aortic valve, a special flap that connects the heart to the aorta. The aortic valve’s job is to keep blood from flowing backwards after it’s left the heart.
From there, the aorta stretches upwards, towards the neck. This section is called the ascending aorta.
Instead of continuing upwards, the aorta then forms a curve called the aortic arch.
By the end of that curve, the aorta is directed downwards. This portion is called the descending aorta.
The descending aorta travels down the chest and becomes the abdominal aorta when it crosses the diaphragm. The abdominal aorta comes to an end just above the groin, where it splits into two arteries, one for each leg. These are called the iliac arteries.
Why is the Aorta Important?
The aorta is important because it gives the body access to the oxygen-rich blood it needs to survive.
The heart itself gets oxygen from

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.129875
Retrieved Text: The origins of adipocytes have been hotly debated, but a human study supports the idea that the bone marrow takes part.
WIKIMEDIA, OPENSTAX COLLEGEThe origins of new fat cells (adipocytes), which we humans must make throughout our lives, have not been clear. Rodent studies have produced conflicting results on where adipocyte progenitors come from, particularly with regard to the bone marrow as a possible source. Reporting today (July 16) in Cell Metabolism, researchers have found that, in patients who received bone marrow transplants, donor cells contribute to new fat tissue, and that the proportion of these bone marrow-derived adipocytes is higher in obese patients.
“In these bone marrow-transplanted individuals, they can actually find fat cells with genomic information from the donor and not from the recipient,” said Philipp Scherer, director of the Touchstone Diabetes Center at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas who was not involved in the study.
Although the contribution of bone marrow cells to the abdominal fat is low—about 5 percent, on average, with a range up to 27 percent—it’s “conceptually important that we can actually demonstrate that the bone marrow in the adult individual contributes to new fat-cell generation,” Scherer told The Scientist.
Fat cells do not divide; instead, they live about 10 years and are then replaced, according to a 2008 Nature paper by Peter Arner of the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden. Arner and his colleagues, including researchers at Stockholm’s Royal Institute of Technology and at the University of Lyon in France, wanted to know where these cells come from when

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.104788
Retrieved Text: The subject of DNA is very much in the headlines and news but very few have bothered to learn or understand just how this amazing molecule works and how it makes us what we are from head to toe.
Haven't you ever asked yourself how you got your nose, eyes, ears, fingers, toes, and everything else? How did your DNA bring all this about? Before we answer that question we need to know just a few simple things about DNA.
DNA is the abbreviated name for the genetic code and it is exactly that - a code. It is a molecular string of chemical information.
DNA is located in the nucleus of our cells and is made up of smaller molecules called nucleic acids. These smaller molecules in DNA are arranged in a sequence, just like the letters in a sentence. The sequence of these nucleic acids tell the cells in our body how to build our nose, eyes, hands, feet, and everything else.
The material our body uses to build new cells comes from the food we eat. Food is not just for energy. Food is also the "lumber" and "bricks" the body uses to build new cells. When a cell multiplies it makes more cells of the same size. The only way to do this is by getting new material and that new material comes from food.
Think about it! When we were in our mother's womb we started off as a single cell not even weighing an ounce at conception. Eventually we developed arms, hands, legs, feet and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.10056
Retrieved Text: What do you know about immortal cells?
I had written a blog on it long back. Let me find it!
I have read some thing like this before in the nonfiction book called the immortal life of Henrietta lacks. They took her cancer cells and studied them finding that the cancer cells were still living even after she past and outside of her body. I think, if I am remember correctly the cells are called HeLa. It's a great read.
You’re right. HeLa cells are still used in scientific research. It is the oldest and most commonly used human cell line. The line was derived from cervical cancer cells taken on February 8, 1951, from Henrietta Lacks, a patient who eventually died of her cancer on October 4, 1951.
I just want to understand better how it works.
The HeLa cell line has a lot of ethical issues.. Because the person from whom the cells were taken from (without consent) didn't get any medical attention or superior care and the companies benefited a lot from it.
Yes, it's actually pretty wonderful that the cells are still alive. There were a lot of sci fi notes added to the tumblr post, I'll share them here as well.
So if somehow we were to find a way to harness the cancer cell’s power, we could possibly live forever. We’d just have to find a way turn turn all the cells in the body into cancer cells, and then take away their ability to divide via mitosis. It sounds like sci-fi, but highly plausible in theory.
Well

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.091908
Retrieved Text: Stem cells offer great potential for use in clinical applications thanks to their ability to specialize into different cell types and to renew themselves. Although some of them have limitations, stem cells are still an amazing resource for the medical world, as no other cell inside the human body has the ability to generate new cell types with a more specific function that the source.
Stem cells can be considered the body’s raw building blocks, as all the other cells with specialized functions result from stem cells that divide and give birth to daughter cells. These cells, at their turn, divide or differentiate and become specialized, giving birth to muscle, bone, blood, brain or other specific cell types.
The characteristics and applications of stem cells vary not only depending on the type of cells they differentiate into, but also on the nature of the tissue they are derived from. From this point of view, stem cells can be classified into three main groups: embryonic, adult and induced pluripotent stem cells.
Embryonic stem cells (ESCs) come from embryos of up to 5 days old, and are pluripotent, meaning that they can divide into several stem cells and specialize into any type of cell. This property allows embryonic stem cells to repair damaged tissues and organs and to stimulate the regeneration of diseased tissues. Researchers can grow and induce the differentiation of ESCs in the lab, but the use of embryonic stem cells is often avoided due to ethical considerations.
Adult stem cells, the second type, are found in adult tissues inside

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.07521
Retrieved Text: Living Science Solutions for Class 8 Science Chapter 8 Cell Structure And Functions are provided here with simple step-by-step explanations. These solutions for Cell Structure And Functions are extremely popular among class 8 students for Science Cell Structure And Functions Solutions come handy for quickly completing your homework and preparing for exams. All questions and answers from the Living Science Book of class 8 Science Chapter 8 are provided here for you for free. You will also love the ad-free experience on Meritnation’s Living Science Solutions. All Living Science Solutions for class 8 Science are prepared by experts and are 100% accurate.
Which of these is multicellular?
Multicellular means made of more than one cells. Mushroom is a multicellular organism. All the other organisms mentioned here, are unicellular.
The egg of a hen is a cell. It divides repeatedly and differentiates into various tissues to develop into a chicken.
Which of these is not present in an animal cell?
In an animal cell, chloroplasts are not present. Chloroplasts are present in green plants and serve as the sites of photosynthesis in plants.
Which of these is the control centre of the cell?
The control centre of the cell is nucleus. The nucleus contains chromosomes, which divide during cell division.
Which organelles are responsible for energy production in a cell?
Mitochondria is responsible for energy production in a cell.
Which of these is not stated by the cell theory?
(a) Cells are the basic structural units of living organisms.
(b) All cells are identical.
(c) New cells are formed due to division in old cells.
(d) The way an organism functions

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.064043
Retrieved Text: Where does the energy from food originally come from?
What is a difference between autotrophs and heterotrophs?
What is one of the principal chemical compounds that cells use to store energy?
When a cell has energy available, how can it store small amounts of that energy?
They can add a phosphate group to an ADP to make ATP, also adding electrons and a Hydrogen ion to NADP+ to make NADPH.
How is ATP different from ADP?
ATP has 3 phosphate groups while ADP has 2.
When is the energy stored in ATP released?
What are the characteristics of ATP that makes it exceptionally useful to all types of cells?
Where do cells get their energy from ATP?
In addition to water and carbon dioxide, what do plants need to preform photosynthesis?
What is another pigment which can be used to power photosynthesis other than chlorophyll?
What colors do pigments absorb very well?
What happens when chlorophyll absorbs light?
What is a carrier molecule?
They transport high-energy electrons from chlorophyll to other molecules.
How does NADP+ become NADPH?
They accept and hold two energy electrons along with an H+ ion.
What happens in the light- dependent reactions?
Step 1 of LDR: What happens in the Photosystem II in light dependent reaction?
Step 2 of LDR: What happens in the electron transport chain?
Step 3 of LDR: What happens in photosystem I?
Electrons released by photosystem II are re-energized in photosystem I to become high energy electrons again. Enzymes in the membrane uses these electrons to form NADPH. NADPH is used to make sugar in the Calvin cycle (Light independent reactions).
What causes the increase of hydrogen ions in the thylakoid

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.996464
Retrieved Text: Hi everybody. I think I've finally saved enough money to go get that liposuction I've always dreamed about but now I've started worrying if the lipo fat will come back again. I weigh around 135 lbs and my doctor says I’m an ideal candidate for a lipo because most of the fat is concentrated around my belly - with some on my thighs as well. My goal is to maintain my weight after the procedure by doing sports and eating healthy, but what happens if I’m not able to do that?
I was concerned about the same thing before my liposuction, but after discussing it with my doctor, I was able to put my mind at ease and move forward with the treatment. That being said, after liposuction, your new body shape will be more or less permanent. If you do gain a moderate amount of weight, your body will still maintain its post-lipo state just in a slightly larger version because the fat cells that are removed do not grow back.
After my procedure, I’ve fluctuated up and down 5-10 pounds from my original surgery weight. Even with that fluctuation, though, the fat pooches that I had before the procedure have yet to come back. I’ve been very pleased with my results and the shape that my body has maintained even with gaining and losing a little here and there after the procedure.
That's a great question and one we get all the time. Your body is genetically programmed to store fat in certain priority locations, which is

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.971807
Retrieved Text: Tell me, do you just want to just look well or do you also want to feel and be well?
There are numerous ways to make you look well.
A new hairdo, maybe a new cosmetic, a new rig out, these will all make you look well.
These are unfortunately only short term answers.
Anti aging products, like that new rig out can be expensive answers, however I am sure you would like a cheaper longer lasting solution to make you look well and also feel great which is not expensive!
Read on, I am sure you will find this information very encouraging.
These anti aging products can make you both look well and importantly also feel well.
Nothing works like feeling well and this becomes more difficult as we get older.
Unfortunately age catches up with us and those birthdays seem to come around all too often, then we find ourselves visiting the doctor more frequently.
Recent scientific research is now making amazing progress and recently a major breakthrough occurred with the discovery of stem cells.
Originally, this major discovery was concentrated on using embryonic stem cells as all attempts to utilise adult stem cells failed due to the research methods which they were then trying use.
More recently, due to the problems being encountered with embryonic stem cells, (these cells are prone to become cancerous); attention has now been concentrated on adult stem cells where considerable progress is now occurring.
This has led to some top anti aging products now becoming available.
Living to a ripe old age does not have much attraction if you are bed

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.957935
Retrieved Text: Not long after you arrive in Akala Island, you will be given the Zygarde Cube key item, which allows you to collect the numerous Zygarde Cells and Zygarde Cores scattered across Alola. In total, there are 95 Cells and 5 Cores, so 100 in all.
Cells and Cores can be found literally anywhere, outside on the field or inside buildings. They are even found on Melemele Island, before you were given the Zygarde Cube, but only appear after you’ve gotten the Zygarde Cube. Needless to say, you’ve got your work cut out for you.
If the time of day is about to transition from day to night or vice versa, beware that the Zygarde Cells that only appear during the day or night only change after you enter a location.
For example, if you wait in a particular location until it changes to night, the Zygarde Cells that appears at night won’t appear until you leave and come back. Nor will the day-time Zygarde Cells disappear.
As if this wasn’t already becoming one of the most tedious collectathons ever, the game only bothers to track the total number of Zygarde Cells and Cores you’ve collected, which you can check by using the Zygarde Cube item from your bag.
So it won’t give you any information about the areas where you’ve discovered all the Cells or Cores or anything remotely helpful like that. Fortunately, we’ll be listing all of the locations over on the next few pages, so you can check to see which ones you’ve got or still need.

================



======= Instance Index 5745 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 




Q: What is necessary for growth and energy?

 Choices:

- determination

- nutrients

- breeding

- warmth

A:

Target Text: nutrients

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.755503
Retrieved Text: ROK-SOLID is a natural mineral based fertiliser loaded with minerals, microbes and energy. With a formulation built around the natural structure of good soil.
ROK-SOLID is made of a unique blend of volcanic multi-mineral ground basalt rock, blended with fish and seaweed liquid concentrate to form a natural fertiliser in powder form.
This full spectrum natural fertiliser, with a BioGro-certified naturally balanced blend of all the essential minerals and trace elements necessary for sustained plant growth, contains more than 63 minerals.
Healthy bacteria in the ROK-SOLID release the minerals and subsequently enhances and also conveys the minerals into a humus form. A system that has been operating on the planet since the first plant appeared on our earth.
The basalt rock contains many minerals and is specifically selected for its natural energy – this energy is what gives the soil and growing medium it’s vitality, assisting in the nutrient uptake of plants. The high silica content also helps in plant formation transferring much needed energy and health benefits.
Then blended with fish and seaweed concentrate, this ROK-SOLID blended additive contributes a further array of micro bio stimulants. These organisms are necessary to hold a soil and growing medium in balance, regulate nutrients to the plant and help detoxify the soil and growing medium. The specially formulated blend of mineral’s and microbes have created a premium natural fertiliser full of natural energy with fantastic benefits for vibrant and sustained growth.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.748934
Retrieved Text: The Energy Crisis and the end of The Industrial Age with Dr Joseph Tainter of Utah State University. Dr Tainter is perhaps best known as the author of The Collapse of Complex Societies and amongst various other publications he also co-authored Drilling Down: The Gulf Oil Debacle and Our Energy Dilemma. The discussion focusses on areas covered by both books, specifically the energy that industrial society depends on for its survival and continued growth and what happens when the supply of this energy begins to decline on the road to running out.
Topics discussed include: peak oil, the 2010 Gulf oil disaster, competition and conflict for resources, renewable energy, decline of technological innovation, the green movement and sustainable development, the energy/complexity spiral and the collapse of society.
For more than a century, oil has been the engine of growth for a society that delivers an unprecedented standard of living to many. We now take for granted that economic growth is good, necessary, and even inevitable, but also feel a sense of unease about the simultaneous growth of complexity in the processes and institutions that generate and manage that growth. As societies grow more complex through the bounty of cheap energy, they also confront problems that seem to increase in number and severity. In this era of fossil fuels, cheap energy and increasing complexity have been in a mutually-reinforcing spiral. The more energy we have and the more problems our societies confront, the more we grow complex and require still more energy. Our demand for energy, our technological prowess,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.096874
Retrieved Text: What institutions and infrastructures are needed so all people can lead good lives. Good lives require more than consumption paid with money. The commons-what belongs to everyone and is used in common-natural, social and cultural common property (water, raw materials, land, knowledge and their social control)- are an alternative to the growth economy. An environmentally-friendly and socially-just economy requires ecological and social cost truths and just global rules.
What is fascinating in this seemingly general but very concrete utopia? With "good life for all," justice and equality as well as necessary and possible ways to social-ecological transformation are moved into the center of discussion. One central question is: what institutions and infrastructures are needed so all people can lead a good life? Which must be built and which must be reorganized r even eliminated?
For a few decades after the Second World War, the welfare state in Western Europe banished hunger and misery for most people and allowed a good life to become reality. This happened in a spatially limited area different for women and men and utilizing the raw materials and resources from the global South. The greatness of this civilization advance is now clear where hunger, social insecurity, increasing unemployment and poverty return in Europe and Austria. However, the deeper cause for increasing inequality lies in the capitalist economic system itself.
The announcement "a good life for all" tries to move the question of justice and equality and the increasingly unequal distribution of income, wealth, work, and resources to the center of discussion.
The climate crisis and the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.876905
Retrieved Text: There is almost unanimous agreement that energy plays a pivotal role in national development. Generally, there is a high degree of correlation between energy use, economic growth, and level of development. In the context of rural development, the traditional view of the productive use of energy is that it is associated primarily with the provision of motive power for agricultural and industrial or commercial uses. For example, motors are used to grind grain, operate power tools, irrigate farmland, and facilitate many commercial activities. It was believed that the motive power made possible by electricity would result in tremendous productivity gains and economic growth, thus transforming the underdeveloped rural landscape. In other words, the emphasis has been on the direct income-generating uses of energy.
there is a growing realization that although energy is a necessary condition for rural development, it is insufficient by itself to bring about the desired socioeconomic impact.
there is a significant shift in the understanding of what is meant by rural development, especially in the context of the used by the major donors and international development agencies. The MDGs emphasize not just poverty reduction in terms of income, but they also highlight the importance of improved health, universal primary education, women’s empowerment, and gender equality.
The very goals of development are to raise incomes of the poor and also to ensure that they are educated and healthy, and treated equally. Thus, an enhanced understanding of what is a productive use of energy must take into account not only the direct impact of energy on raising incomes,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.844097
Retrieved Text: Purina | Home What Nutrients Do Kittens Need In Their Cat Food?
Kittenhood is a playful, adorable time in a cat’s life. It is also a time for a high-energy diet that meets the demands of her growing and developing body.
So what makes kitten food different from adult cat food? The kibble in Purina’s kitten food is smaller in size than adult kibble, but it provides more calories for energy. It is also formulated with an enhanced nutritional profile that provides her with the complete and balanced diet she needs, as compared to adult cat food.
Cats less than one year of age are considered kittens. During this time they need a food that is formulated with the nutrients necessary for healthy growth and development.
More calorie, protein and fat than adult foods to keep up with the demands of their growing bodies.
The omega fatty acid DHA, which is an important nutrient for brain and vision development in kittens.
Vitamins and minerals including vitamins E, and selenium, are beneficial antioxidants that aid the developing immune systems in kittens.
Kittens also need optimal calcium to phosphorus ratio for proper bone growth.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.741915
Retrieved Text: Energy efficiency is good for utility customers: it lowers their monthly bills and spurs economic growth. It’s great for the environment, manifesting in lower carbon emissions. Energy efficiency contributes to better air quality, which, in turn, benefits the health of society at large. What it’s not always so great for, however, is helping utilities make money. But it doesn’t have to be this way.
CLEAResult Vice President of Regulatory affairs and Market Development Doug Lewin and the Executive Director at Energy Infrastructure Advocates Peter Kind, the co-authors of last year’s “Lower Spending, Higher Returns” white paper, have teamed up once again. This time to produce a follow-up paper entitled “Creating Customer and Investor Value Through Energy Efficiency,” now available for free download. Taken together, the papers present a way forward for utilities and regulators to better serve their communities by getting the most out of energy efficiency.
We had the opportunity to sit down with Doug and Peter to discuss some of the concepts they address in both papers for this, part one of a two-part installment of Conversations. In this episode, you’ll hear the two discuss the purpose, nature and practical application of performance incentive mechanisms (PIMs), and why they’re necessary for utility growth.
How do you create a structure where utility management, utility boards of directors, wake up every morning and ask 'how do we do more energy efficiency?' The traditional business model doesn't do that.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.70732
Retrieved Text: The Pardee RAND Food-Energy-Water Index (FEW Index) is based on the principle that food, energy, and water together are critical to social stability and economic growth. Insecurity in any one area poses serious impediments to human health, wellbeing, and development.
Through data visualization, the FEW Index gives users a holistic view of the current status of resource provision for countries across the world. The Index can help begin to identify how different trends – for example, climate change or population growth – could affect resource security in the future.
Why Is a Holistic View Necessary?
Scientists and decisionmakers concerned with development are increasingly emphasizing the importance of the linkages between food, water, and energy. They understand that lack or excess of any one resource can have a profound affect on each of the others – and ultimately, human life and national development. The interconnectedness of food, water, and energy is often referred to as a nexus.
Domestic food production provides a basic illustration of this nexus. Food is critical to human life, and is directly connected to a nation’s economic growth and productivity. Yet food production requires access to water and energy for irrigation, cooling, processing, and transport; approximately 60 to 80 percent of usable water in the world is used for irrigation. Shortages of irrigation water in dry regions must be mitigated by delivery and must often be treated – and again, both processes, delivery and treatment, use energy.
The FEW Index was designed to support these emerging holistic approaches to resource security, and to policy responses at a national

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.566256
Retrieved Text: The cost of offshore wind has halved since 2015, with three new projects clearing the latest Contracts for Difference (CfD) round at just £58/MWh from 2022-23.
The three offshore wind farms – Triton Knoll, Hornsea Project 2 and Moray – will join eight other renewable generation schemes to deliver more than 3GW of power, at a total forecast cost of £176.2 million a year (in 2012 prices).
Welcoming the results, Energy UK chief executive Lawrence Slade said: “Today’s exceptionally low results are further evidence of how the cost of clean energy is continuing to fall, and the move to a low carbon future is delivered at the lowest cost to consumers.
“This shows what can be achieved by providing the necessary certainty for investment, which drives down the cost of decarbonisation, benefits customers and the wider economy, and creates highly skilled jobs and stimulates growth in rural economies.
Announcing the results, minister for energy and industry Richard Harrington said: “We’ve placed clean growth at the heart of the Industrial Strategy to unlock opportunities across the country, while cutting carbon emissions.
“The offshore wind sector alone will invest £17.5bn in the UK up to 2021 and thousands of new jobs in British businesses will be created by the projects announced today. This government will continue to seize these opportunities as the world moves towards a low carbon future, and will set out ambitious proposals in the upcoming Clean Growth Plan.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.510456
Retrieved Text: Fertilization in bonsai is a hot topic. It is sort of like this afterthought – we all know it is necessary but don’t exactly understand how it works or how it can be manipulated to help us accomplish our goals. People tend to think about fertilization as this singular, perfectly packaged piece of knowledge that they can learn and uniformly apply to their trees. Alas, as with most things in bonsai, it is more complicated than that.
The core tenant of fertilization that is necessary to keep asking yourself is – what am I trying to accomplish? Your design goals, the tree’s health, the stage of development, the season, etc. –correct application of fertilizer is nuanced, depending on what you are trying to accomplish with you tree.
The most important thing to understand is that fertilizer is supplemental nutrition, not food. Trees survive off the stored energy captured via photosynthesis. So trees don’t technically need fertilizer to survive, but without it, you can think of the tree as being malnourished. When applied correctly, fertilizer increases the efficiency of metabolic processes that supply nutrition and energy to the production of new tissue.
Fertilization allows us to build foliar and root mass, elongate and thicken branches, heal big wounds, and facilitate backbudding. It is the gas pedal of growth that we either step on hard, or lightly press to guide the tree in the directions we seek. Fertilization should always be paired with a foliar management technique, a way to utilize and control the tree’s energy.
"Fertilizer is the gas pedal of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.439135
Retrieved Text: A boundary is like a fence or property line. It distinguishes between what is yours and what belongs to someone else. It also distinguishes between what you are responsible for and areas that are not your responsibility. The boundary is necessary for healthy functioning and ultimately helps to keep people and relationships safe. When you set a boundary, you are taking responsibility for your own thoughts, feelings, behavior, attitudes, and beliefs. You are taking charge of your time, money, energy, and choices. Learn how to set and maintain boundaries and common areas of resistance you may experience as you use boundaries to protect your growth and emotional health.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.353172
Retrieved Text: The last decades have showed that level of energy consumption by mankind increases in a geometrical progression. It is caused both growth of the population in all countries, and growth of requirements of humanity. And as in most cases electricity generation is process which influences environment, it is necessary to use it in more economically way.
In this regard there is an urgent need of economy of energy carriers. Investment into energy saving technologies, in particular, in construction of smart homes, is one of the most priority investment directions in the world today.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.09481
Retrieved Text: Q. New Orleans is the only city with independent regulatory authority over an investor owned utility, with the rest of the state regulated by the Louisiana Public Service Commission. Should the Council continue to protect their unique role as energy regulators? If yes, why? If not, why not?
A. The City Council of New Orleans should continue its independent role as energy regulators using the best practices to efficiently and affordably deliver energy to its consumers. The City Council cannot deny Entergy New Orleans is its largest corporate partner employing more citizens of New Orleans than any other corporation. However, we must remain diligent in our oversight to protect the interest of all rate payers especially those with limited resources. As a matter of good governance the Council should collaborate with the Louisiana Public Service Commission to share exchangeable resources and industry trends to improve these measures in every possible manner.
Q. The City Council will be deciding how many New Orleans citizens and businesses may participate in Energy Smart over the next 3 years. How much growth would you like to see? Are there other improvements to the program you would advocate for?
A. There should be no limit to the growth of or accessibility to the Energy Smart Program for all residents and businesses of New Orleans. The rollout of the Energy Smart Program should begin with low income residents and emerging businesses before branching out to more affluent homes and sustainable businesses, but access to the program should be available to all.
Q. In recent years, New

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.079409
Retrieved Text: Home Energy Management Systems Market size will grow on account of escalating energy consumption and increasing investments in smart grid systems. In 2017, EIA projected the world energy consumption to increase by 56 percent by 2040. Reduced energy spending, improved equipment performance and security from theft are the other necessary factors that will complement the business growth.
Stringent government measures to promote energy conservation coupled with government intervention over misuse of energy will boost the home energy management systems market. Formulation of government legislatives in developed and developing economies to accelerate the installation of smart energy systems will further fuel the industry growth. In 2015, the U.S. government under the Resident Energy Efficiency Valuation Act (REEVA) established pilot programs to help the residential sector achieve energy efficiency and reduce the energy expenditure.
Europe home energy management systems market will witness growth owing to the strict energy conservation norms and rollout programs for smart meters. Incentives, regulations and labeling programs implemented by the government to mitigate environmental crisis will propel the business landscape. In November 2016, the European Union proposed an update on the Energy Efficiency Directive with a target of 30 percent energy savings by 2030.
The home energy management system market in the U.S. will witness growth on account of increased deployment of user friendly software services consisting home area network and wi-fi. Higher internet connectivity and real time services required for energy conservation coupled with the development of technologically efficient products and services will further accelerate the installation of HEMS in the region.
Control device home energy management

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.057854
Retrieved Text: How to manage growth of Data Centres?
How to manage such growth?
How to reduce operating costs?
How to respond to energy constraints and bring up-to-date already old infrastructures?
How to design a new computer room?
MONACO TELECOM has chosen Modul' Data Center solutions to optimize its performances while reducing its costs... The idea of modularity, and therefore only spending what was necessary, while progressing at the rate of their requirements, seduced the Monegasque operator.
Modular cables, pretested, copper and FO, which enable increased density and space saving, modular racks which enable the architecture to gradually evolve while taking into account vital requirements like cooling or control of power supplies, solutions for limiting fire risks..

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.053877
Retrieved Text: Editor's note: This Q&A is a part of a survey conducted by Scientific American of executives at companies engaged in developing and implementing non–fossil fuel energy technologies.
What technical obstacles currently most curtail the growth of nuclear fission? What are the prospects for overcoming them in the near future and the longer-term?
The limitations on growth of nuclear power are not technical, at least for the current generation of advanced reactors. The real limitations on growth are more rooted in political and financial considerations and clarity of the nation's energy policy. One of the more contentious issues is the permanent storage of used fuel. The much-studied and long-planned national storage facility for high-level radioactive material at Yucca Mountain, Nev., has been significantly delayed. Currently, the Department of Energy (DOE) does not expect to open the repository until at least 2020, more than 20 years later than originally planned. [Editor's note: Since this survey was submitted, President Obama drafted a budget request for fiscal year 2010 that would essentially eliminate Yucca Mountain's funding.] This problem does not prevent the continued safe storage of used fuel. Companies have stored used fuel safely at their nuclear plants since the 1970s, and they will continue to do so until the federal government provides a permanent solution.
In addition, the federal government is considering advanced nuclear fuel recycling technologies that would reduce the volume, heat and toxicity of used fuel and recover the unused energy that remains in the fuel after one use in the reactor (approximately 90 percent of the original amount of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.021349
Retrieved Text: Economic impact of proposed infrastructure upgrade projects in White Pine County, including temporary and permanent positions and multipliers.
White Pine County is anticipating growth in renewable energy generation. The project was necessary to evaluate infrastructure needs to support the anticipated growth in renewables. Project challenges included: Limited published information regarding existing infrastructure and the economics of 10-50 MW production transmission across a wide range of potential renewable energy generation types including solar, biomass, geothermal, wind and hydro.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.000078
Retrieved Text: The Energy Technical Specialist A.A.S. Degree has been developed using funding from a U. S. Department of Labor High Growth Job Training initiative Grant. The goal of the degree is to train students in the field of energy technology. Due to the increasing age of the current energy workforce and the growth of the renewable energy industry, it is estimated that there will be a great demand for skilled workers in the energy industry. The energy Technical Specialist, A. A. S. degree will convey the skills and knowledge necessary to be successful in both traditional and renewable energy fields. The degree will prepare students for work (primarily as technicians) in the following industries: electric power generation, natural gas distribution, ethanol production, biodiesel production, wind turbine maintenance or solar energy.
DCTC offers additional training as nuclear energy maintenance technicians that meets the Nuclear Energy Institute (NEI) standards. It is the goal to have the graduates of the Energy Technical Specialist A.A.S. degree and the nuclear energy advanced training to meet the Nuclear Energy Institutes (NEI) standards. These graduates will have the skills and knowledge necessary to obtain entry-level employment in the nuclear energy industry. This program will utilize the Uniform Curriculum Guide, which was developed as part of an industry-wide workforce strategy to standardize curriculum and increase efficiency of new and qualified nuclear workers focused on maintenance and non-licensed operators.
Because of new Nuclear Energy Institute (NEI) requirements, students applying to this program not only must meet the regular college admissions requirements but also sign and submit an Acknowledgement

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.9765
Retrieved Text: There is the distinct feeling in our province that our economy is stuck in the mud. Efforts by various provincial governments to hit the gas pedal have only dug us deeper, burying us up to our axles. My grandfather used to be asked by sheepish young couples, who had parked in the nearby woods on romantic spring evenings, to get their vehicles out of the mud. He’d fire up his tractor, grab a tow chain, and easily haul them out of their predicament, never mentioning their encounter to the parents.
So what’s our economy’s tractor? I believe its green energy. Two of the top ten fastest growing industries in the United States are green building construction and renewable energy. As luck would have it, growth in both of these economic sectors will lower our dependence on oil, coal and natural gas to fight climate change. Just as with growth in other green industries such as the IT, clean tech and biosciences sectors we can create jobs and business opportunities while cranking down our dependence on fossil fuels.
To pursue these economic opportunities, we need to think about energy differently. We need it to provide heat, to transport us, and to generate energy. How much energy we need depends on the design of our appliances, homes and transportation system. The less energy we need, the more of it can be supplied by renewable sources.
What kind of business environment have governments created for the energy efficiency sector over the years? New Brunswick’s energy efficiency agency, Efficiency New Brunswick, which achieved

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.966837
Retrieved Text: Triathlon training includes physical action but weight watchers success has helped a multitude of triathlon competitors in achieving the perfect balance of weight to muscle mass. Successful triathlon competitors gain a real advantage when all cylinders are firing at optimum performance! Learn how a weight watchers diet can bring out the best in triathlon participants.
The diet for a triathlete in training has some specific nutritional requirements in order to be ready to compete at the highest performing levels. Athletes have noticed quick recovery, greater muscle mass, and less upper respiratory tract infections when utilizing proper nutrition. What are the nutrients a triathlete needs and what do they do?
Fiber - This nutrient helps keep bowels regular and helps reduce blood cholesterol. However, you should reduce your fiber intake just prior to competition to prevent gut problems.
Protein - The growth and repair of all body tissues, including muscle and bone, require protein as well as hormone and enzyme production depending on protein for optimal immune function. Good sources of protein are beef and fish.
Fat - Most of the energy for daily activity comes from fat, which is the most concentrated and largest source readily available to the human body. It is required for normal growth and healthy skin, production of certain hormones, structural component of body cells, and supply of fat-soluble vitamins A, D, E and K.
Water - This component is necessary to prevent dehydration and is stored in the body in limited amounts.
Vitamin B Complex -Carbohydrate, protein and fat metabolism all require vitamin B complex. Additionally, B12

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.9487
Retrieved Text: CAR CLEANER NEEDED for NOVATO!! Full-Time - Team Oriented Environment - Growth Opportunity $13.50 per hour / Weekly Pay If you're looking for the benefits of joining an industry leader, with a high-charged, energy-filled environment, then you can stop looking, because you have found what you're looking for in the Utility Worker position at our Hertz Local Edition location. Bring your energy, drive, and motivation to Hertz, and set your goals on cruise control! The Hertz Corporation, a world leader in the car rental industry, currently seeks energetic team players to join our team. Duties include assisting with customer pick-up and delivery, cleaning the interior and exterior of the vehicle, checking and filling all necessary fluids under the hood, refueling the vehicle and checking tire pressure.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.91701
Retrieved Text: Lactose is an important ingredient as it provides the carbohydrate necessary to support energy needs and for proper growth and development. Carbohydrates are one of the crucial dietary sources of energy to support the brain, enable muscular contractions, and provide the fuel necessary for a young child’s rapid growth, especially through the first few years of life. So it is important for a child to get adequate amounts of carbohydrates each day from good food sources.
Regarding organic lactose and the order of ingredients on the label of Baby’s Only Organic® Dairy with Whey Protein and DHA Formula, Nature’s One® lists organic lactose first in its ingredient declaration. This is because organic lactose represents the ingredient added to the formula with the highest weight. Per U.S. labeling requirements, ingredients must be listed on a label in descending order by weight. It may appear that Baby’s Only Organic® Whey Protein Dairy Formula contains more carbohydrate than recommended due to the position of the ingredient on the label, but this is not true. The amount of organic lactose added to the formula in conjunction with the amount of organic lactose naturally coming into the formula with the organic non-fat cow’s milk and organic whey powder ensures that the total carbohydrate content of the formula is appropriate to support growth and development.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.8688
Retrieved Text: In cooperation with the National Council of the Slovak Republic, EUFORES organised a workshop to discuss Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency in the Slovak Republic.
Members of the European Parliament as well as the Slovak National Council gathered together with government officials, representatives of the European Commission and experts in the field to share information regarding the implementation of renewable energy and energy efficiency policies in the Slovak Republic.
Please find here the agenda in English and in Slovak.
Vašáková, Lívia: "The impact of the EU’s Clean Energy Package on Slovakia’s energy transition"
Petrovič, Jan: "Update on the implementation of renewable energy and energy efficiency policies in Slovakia"
Liebmann, Lukas: "Prospects and requirements for the new renewables action plans in Slovakia"
Hanulák, Rastislav: "Necessary steps for renewables integration in the Slovak energy policies"
Galeková,Veronika: "Bringing a European perspective to the Slovak energy market: Renewables and energy efficiency as a strategy for jobs, growth and social inclusion"
Ferenčáková, Lenka: "Renewable energies as source of growth and investment in Slovakia"

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.827263
Retrieved Text: For bodybuilders, everything starts with muscles and ends with muscles. So, isn’t it an absolute necessary to have a supplement that’s as good as steroids without any of their side effects? Well get yourself Androle! It is a supplement that builds muscles by ensuring rapid development of bulk and lean muscles within the body. How does it work? Well Anadrole works by helping to increase the production of red blood cells. Red blood cells are responsible for carrying oxygen throughout your body and more red blood cells means more oxygen and increased flow of oxygen into your muscles. To elaborate it better, more power means you can lift more weight, and lifting more weight means gaining more muscle. It’s absolutely safe and legal and allows people to reap all of the bodybuilding benefits without having to suffer any of the side effects. Read the review to find out more.
Anadrole supports the growth of lean muscle mass in the most effective manner.
Ultimate solution for the ones with muscle growth deficiency.
Ensures greater strength, stamina and vitality.
Enhances the production and working of red blood cells in the body. The increased production of red blood cells makes for healthy and properly developed muscles in the body, because of the high levels of oxygen content which revitalize and enrich them, ensuring their optimal well being.
Acetyl L-Carnitine This is an important amino acid that’s naturally produced by the body. It helps the body to produce energy. Without this ingredient, your body will not able to bring fats into the mitochondria to be

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.820843
Retrieved Text: The number one crucial advantage of sustainable building is that they are cost-effective. Today, most buyers express their concern about the slightly higher cost of sustainable homes and building, despite the growth in the popularity of sustainable building. The stringent needs for licensing and certification is what has contributed to this. Nevertheless, these concerns are short-sighted as a result of the sustainable building offering excellent energy efficiency. This way, the buyer tends to save a large amount of long-term expenditure. When this is taken into account, these energy savings from the sustainable building can assist the buyer to break even within a few years.
The other benefit of sustainable building is that sustainable building drive down consumption of energy. The decline of the embodied energy in the sustainable building projects is provided to by smart use of materials in a great way. By using wood as a material to make the wall as well as the floor, you will have the energy used each day come down drastically. Many modern sustainable buildings, however, concentrate not only on the use of low embodied energy materials but the use of sustainable and renewable energy sources of power as well as other appliances that consume energy in either a commercial building or a house. It is for this reason there is an exceptional growth in the sustainable building projects that use the power of solar panels, biomass systems as well as wind energy generation features. A number of governments have also opted to give grants, fund or subsidies in a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.787052
Retrieved Text: D. Phil. Scholar, University of Allahabad.
Anupama. "FACTOR AFFECTING INDIA'S ENERGY DEVELOPMENT." Int. j. of Social Science and Economic Research, vol. 3, no. 4, Apr. 2018, pp. 1146-1153, ijsser.org/more2018.php?id=80. Accessed 2018.
Anupama. "FACTOR AFFECTING INDIA'S ENERGY DEVELOPMENT." Int. j. of Social Science and Economic Research 3, no. 4 (April 2018), 1146-1153. Accessed , 2018. ijsser.org/more2018.php?id=80.
. Chaturvedi, V., et al. (2014), State of Environmental Clearances in India: Procedures, Timelines and Delays across Sectors and States, Council on Energy, Environment and Water, New Delhi.
. CSO (Central Statistics Office) (2015), Energy Statistics 2015, CSO, New Delhi.
. DAE (Department of Atomic Energy) (2015), Annual Report 2014-15, DAE, Mumbai.
. FICCI (Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry) (2012), Lack of Affordable & Quality Power: Shackling India's Growth Story, FICCI, New Delhi.
. IEA (International Energy Agency) (2012), Understanding Energy Challenges in India: Policies, Players and Issues, OECD/IEA, Paris.
. __(2015), World Energy Outlook 2015, OECD/IEA, Paris.
The world increasingly awared with time that fundamental changes will be necessary to meet the increasing demand for energy. Energy has a direct bearing on sustainability of growth and later on overall development of any nation. In the beginning energy problems were quietly kept out from the agendas of both industrialized and developing countries or even off them altogether. But in both developing and developed countries the main goals of reform, which have been introduced in the decade of 90s, are firstly, rapid and high level of sustainable economic development and secondly, efficient energy resources management. Because, Energy services enables basic human needs, such as food and shelter, to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.785204
Retrieved Text: Marasmus is one component of protein-energy malnutrition (PEM), the other being kwashiorkor. It is a severe form of malnutrition caused by inadequate intake of protein and calories, and it usually occurs in the first year of life, resulting in wasting and growth retardation. Marasmus accounts for a large burden on global health. The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that deaths attributable to marasmus approach 50 percent of the more than ten million deaths of children under age five with PEM.
The major factors that cause a deficit of caloric and protein intake include the following: the transition from breastfeeding to nutrition-poor foods in infancy, acute infections of the gastrointestinal tract, and chronic infections such as HIV or tuberculosis. The imbalance between decreased energy intake and increased energy demands result in a negative energy balance.
The cornerstone of therapy for marasmus is to supply the body with the necessary nutritional requirements. The nutritional needs of children in the rehabilitation stage require at least 150 kilocalories per kilogram per day. Dehydration must be addressed with oral rehydration therapy, while micronutrient deficiencies, such as vitamin A deficiency, require supplementation. Immunizations must be reviewed and given as necessary to reduce the burden of infectious diseases on children's bodies. Finally, family education must be ongoing to improve behavioral responses to such conditions. Some ready-to-use formulas and foods have also been developed. Such a broad approach must be taken to help reduce the morbidity and mortality caused by this condition.
The of the human body reflect the nutritional intake necessary to maintain optimal body function

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.772064
Retrieved Text: The Asia-Pacific demand response market is in the growing stage with countries such as South Korea, Japan, and New Zealand in the forefront.The liberalization of electricity markets and increasing distributed energy resources have a major role in driving the growth of demand response.
However, lack of standardized procedures and absence of incentives deter the market growth in most countries in the region.Australia and Singapore are other notable countries that are aiming to establish an effective DR system in the electricity markets.
Countries such as Japan, Australia, and Singapore are still testing the impacts and feasibility of demand response.However, after 2020, the market is expected to grow strongly with the introduction of demand response for ancillary services in the power sector.
Liberalization of the electricity sector is a major drive for demand response market in the region. Besides, aggregation of distributed resources, energy storage system installations are offering opportunities for demands response. Most countries in the region are test trialling demand response to understand the economic benefits of it to evaluate the necessary incentives to be proposed to promote customer participation. Demand response requires interoperability of DRMS, connected appliances or equipment, network operation center, and so on. This requires these components to be standardized to ensure effective communication between them. Lack of standardization hinders proper adoption of the technology and deters demand response growth. Key Asia-Pacific markets include South Korea, Japan, Australia, and Singapore. South Korea is leading the path with 3.88 GW in 2017. Emergency demand response constitutes the majority (approximately 70%) of the total demand response market. The

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.77094
Retrieved Text: Unfortunately, many have come to accept the idea of a stalemate between environmental conservation and human development as a given. A new study by The Nature Conservancy, the University of Minnesota and 11 other leading organizations, suggests that this does not have to be the case.
Then, we took a deep dive into the science. Using global system models, we compared the status quo—the business-as-usual path we expect in the next 30 years—against a vision of a more sustainable world rooted in realistic-but-achievable changes in our energy, land and water use.
We based our analyses on widely accepted projections of human population and GDP growth for the year 2050, anticipating growth in demand for energy (~50%), food (~50%) and drinking water (21%). We then looked at two versions—business-as-usual, and more sustainable—of what global production increases could look like to meet these needs and how they would affect land and water use, air quality, climate, fisheries and natural habitats.
Our conclusion will be a surprise to many—we can meet human demands and do better for nature.
We found that some reasonable shifts in how and where we produce food and energy can help us meet global growth projections, while also remaining true to current commitments for protecting habitats and biodiversity, reducing greenhouse gas emissions in line with the Paris Climate Agreement targets, ending overfishing, lowering water stress and dramatically improving air quality.
The results of our analysis also align with 10 of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals outlined by the United Nations.
There are many paths to the kinds of changes we suggest

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.770723
Retrieved Text: Climate change, declining air and water quality, rapid population growth – it can seem overwhelming to even contemplate solutions to such global challenges, let alone what it would take to actually implement those solutions. How will a world already under intense environmental stress be able to feed and shelter an expected 10 billion people by the year 2050?
We started with a simple question: Can we meet the basic needs – food, water, and energy – of a growing population and a growing economy and do better for biodiversity by 2050?
Then, we took a deep dive into the science. Using global system models, we compared the status quo – the business-as-usual path we expect in the next 30 years – against a vision of a more sustainable world rooted in realistic-but-achievable changes in our energy, land and water use.
We based our analyses on widely accepted projections of human population and GDP growth for the year 2050, anticipating growth in demand for energy (~50%), food (~50%) and drinking water (21%). We then looked at two versions – business-as-usual, and more sustainable – of what global production increases could look like to meet these needs and how they would affect land and water use, air quality, climate, fisheries and natural habitats.
Our conclusion will be a surprise to many – we can meet human demands and do better for nature.
We found that some reasonable shifts in how and where we produce food and energy can help us meet global growth projections, while also remaining true to current commitments for protecting

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.75864
Retrieved Text: A test to measure growth hormone levels.
Growth hormone (hGH), or somatotropin, is a hormone responsible for normal body growth and development. It works by stimulating protein production in muscle cells and energy release from the breakdown of fats.
Growth hormone is made by the pituitary gland and is needed for growth. The amount of growth hormone in the blood changes during the day and is affected by exercise, sleep, emotional stress, and diet. It plays an important role in how the body uses food for energy (metabolism).
This test can be used to identify problems with the production of human growth hormone. This may involve multiple tests throughout the day and is usually taken under the care of an endocrinologist, as medication to stimulate growth hormone release may be needed for the test. Levels of growth hormone vary widely throughout the day so a single measurement of growth hormone is of limited use.
Insulin-like growth factor 1 (also known as somatomedin C) can be used to screen for growth hormone problems, and is better suited to being used as a single test because its levels vary less throughout the day.
Our medical team will comment on out-of-range blood test results and give you follow-up advice where necessary. If you need it, a PDF copy of your Growth Hormone test results can be downloaded for your doctor.
Once you have placed your order you can visit my.medichecks.com where you can manage your account, track your orders and view your Growth Hormone test results.

================



======= Instance Index 1465 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

The population is the unit of evolution.


Q: What is the unit of evolution?

 Choices:

- dna

- a phylum

- the population

- the cell

A:

Target Text: the population

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.762014
Retrieved Text: Evolution is a tough subject to find materials on in the homeschool world. So many science texts overlook it, for fear of offending someone or they are actively trying to disprove it. The theory of evolution is often misunderstood, or completely ignored. Yet it is an important element of science, and our children should know and understand it, regardless of religious belief. I searched high and low to find the best children’s books on the subject and I’ve put together a unit study with what I found. In this study, you will learn about the origins of the Earth and create a huge timeline of life covering the Big Bang through modern day; learn about the life of Charles Darwin and follow his journey circumnavigating the globe, study his Theory of Evolution, as well as complete a literature unit on the novel The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate .
In this comprehensive unit study, you will read 8 books, complete 23 activities, and study 39 vocabulary words. I have included a list of 7 documentaries to enhance your study, as well as 25 notebooking pages. I have also included copywork and dictation passages taken from The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate as well as writing assignments about evolution and Charles Darwin.
Darwin and Evolution Unit Study can be completed in 8 weeks, or it can be stretched over the course of a semester by doing only 2-3 lessons per week. It covers literature, science, geography, geology, paleontology, nature study and writing. It is a multi-age unit, however the target age

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.536512
Retrieved Text: Top of the range, the ISE Evolution 200 food waste disposal unit from InSinkErator® features three stage grind operation and our quietest technology. 60% quieter than standard models, it’s our most powerful and quietest model. Don’t worry about what you can and cannot grind . . . the InSinkErator Evolution 200 is a food waste disposal unit that grinds every kind of food waste.
This is premium, state-of-the-art technology for everyone, especially for those who enjoy entertaining regularly.
The Insinkerator Evolution model 200 will easily fit to a ceramic sink with a 3.5" Waste outlet and a maximum ceramic thickness of 20mm. If you have a ceramic kitchen sink with a thickness of over 20mm then you will require an Extended Flange. You will also not be able to convert it to a Batch Feed unit by using the optional batch feed kit.
You should also note that it is not possible to install a waste disposal unit with a ceramic kitchen sink with a weir overflow. You can see an example of a ceramic kitchen sink that is not suitable for use with a waste disposal unit by clicking on the following link.
This is an example of a ceramic kitchen sink with a weir overflow.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.334488
Retrieved Text: Today we began Unit 6: Evolution. But the classic picture above doesn’t tell the whole story. In class, students looked at seven common statements about evolution and tried to classify them as either true or false. The answers can be found below.
Evolution is “just a theory.” False. Evolution is a theory in the same way that the theory of gravity is a theory; it is a widely accepted explanation for scientific observations.
Evolution explains how humans evolved from gorillas. False. Humans evolved from some sort of ancient forest ape, not any modern-day animal.
Evolution is incompatible with religion. False. Even the Catholic Pope has softened his stance on evolution in recent years.
Evolution is not science because it’s not observable or testable. False. We have observed evolution happen in bacteria, elephants, etc.
Evolution involves organisms trying to adapt. False. Evolution happens naturally, not because of the desires of any plant or animal.
Evolution happens during an animal’s lifespan. False. Evolution occurs over generations, sometimes taking millions of years.
Evolution explains how life began on Earth. False. Evolution is an explanation for how life changes, not how life began. The beginnings of life are still a mystery.
Did you catch on yet? The seven statements above are really “common misconceptions about evolution.” All of them are false. And although they are complicated, my hope is, by the end of Unit 6, you will be able to explain every one of them!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.310963
Retrieved Text: Huat, Ch'ng Siong and Teo, Jason Tze Wi (2012) Online evolution of offensive strategies in real-time strategy gaming. In: 2012 IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation, CEC 2012, 10-15 June 2012, Brisbane, Australia.
The main objective of this paper is to investigate online evolution of military unit combination strategies for winning an offensive rush in a real-time strategy (RTS) game. A modified version of Evolutionary Programming (EP) is used as the evolutionary optimizer while WARGUS is used as the RTS gaming environment. Evolution of the military unit combinations is conducted online, which means that optimization is taking place while a particular round of the RTS game is still in progress. Empirical tests show that the online evolution of military unit combination strategies is possible using EP and was able to mount successful offensive campaigns on a reliable basis against three respective built-in, human-crafted AI strategies provided in WARGUS.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.121967
Retrieved Text: Evolution is the eighth unit to be released from the Issues and Science, Third Edition from SEPUP at the Lawrence Hall of Science, University of California, Berkley. It has been developed for full alignment to the NGSS performance expectations and the pedagogical shift outlined in the Frameworks. Each unit of the program incorporates science and engineering concepts and practices with current issues.
It is a 7-8 week middle school unit focusing on the processes of natural selection and extinction in shaping the diversity of organisms on Earth. It also explores how people are affected by and affect evolution. Evolution is fully aligned to the three dimensions of the NGSS and bundles the following Performance Expectations (PE): LS3-1, LS4-1, LS4-2, LS4-3, LS4-4, LS4-5, and LS4-6. To explore the Learning Pathways for each PE in the unit visit http://sepuplhs.org/pathways.html.
Learn more about SEPUP's process for developing NGSS-aligned middle school programing.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.01078
Retrieved Text: I work mainly in the medium of modular origami. I am motivated to understand mathematical ideas by attempting to express these ideas in visual ways. I am deeply impressed by the ways that visually pleasing art often emerges through the process of trying to gain a deeper understanding of the mathematical ideas I set out to explore. I also find that new questions emerge as I look for ways to express my original questions. The dialectical process of mathematical question – visual expression – mathematical question engages my imagination and allows me to experience both the beauty and the power of mathematics.
Colored tiling based on the newly discovered 15th tiling pentagon. The background is constructed to show the primitive 12-tile unit with an overlay to suggest one way to color the tiling so as to disguise the primitive unit. This first work serves as a departure point for exploring three variations. The first evolution uses the primitive unit, but laid out in a non-tiling format so as to create new areas between the units that, when considered themselves, constitute a complete tiling. A subsequent evolution is made with a new 12-tile "twist" unit that does not tile, but does produce a beautiful floral-like design. A third evolution is made by taking an interior space created in evolution two and creating a completely new design.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.54131
Retrieved Text: One of the best ductless systems on the market is Bryant’s Evolution Heat Pump with Basepan Heater. This product delivers premium performance to a converted space or room addition in your home. It uses inverter-controlled, quiet operation for increased savings and energy efficiency. When this unit is installed, you can depend on steady, reliable performance throughout your space.
Is Bryant’s Evolution Heat Pump with Basepan Heater the unit you’ve been looking for?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.251837
Retrieved Text: Students read Lamarck's obituary and respond to questions.Students can work individually or in small groups.This activity can be used at the beginning of an evolution unit.
Young scholars read and analyze an obituary written for Charles Darwin. They are already familiar with Darwin and the theory of evolution. This is an introduction to evolution, or in fact, an introduction to biology.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.229164
Retrieved Text: The main mechanism of evolution is that biological entities change, are selected, and reproduce. We propose a different concept in terms of the main agent or atom of evolution: in the biological world, not an individual object, but its interactive network is the fundamental unit of evolution.
The interaction network is composed of interaction pairs of information objects that have order information. This indicates a paradigm shift from 3D biological objects to an abstract network of information entities as the primary agent of evolution. It forces us to change our views about how organisms evolve and therefore the methods we use to analyze evolution processes.
This page was last modified on 3 September 2010, at 23:32.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.18269
Retrieved Text: before starting the quest, set your leader to the unit who has the skill in question. As an example, Protagonist would have to be the very first unit (leader) in your party.
afterwards, these quests can't be redone with the same individual unit.
finally, these improvements only apply to the individual unit; the quest would have to be redone if you, for example (if Beastman ever did get a fix), want your Moritaka ☆5 to also have the improvement you just did with Moritaka ☆4.
See Skill Evolution for more information about Skill Evolution.
This page was last edited on 18 March 2019, at 15:07.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.041481
Retrieved Text: What is the relationship between Jewish texts and Jewish life? This unit explores Judaism's foundational beliefs, rituals and traditions through its core texts--classical, medieval and modern. Tracing the evolution of Judaism from its roots in the ancient Near East to the diversity of its modern incarnations, it provides a window into the intellectual, ethical and cultural traditions that have shaped the oldest of the three monotheistic religions.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.91156
Retrieved Text: When the intent to address the history of the WWII U.S. airborne forces was first contemplated, the reaction was “What can one do that hasn’t already been done?” Upon hearing of the project, historians, advanced researchers, collectors, and fans of the airborne stepped forward asking, “What can I do to help?” What was initially intended to be a single volume has turned into a formidable series on the subject. This first volume deals in great detail with the Early Years, Airborne Training, Parachute Qualification Wings and Trimmings, Evolution of Military Parachutes, Jump Helmets, and Paramarines. Future volumes, each over 500 pages, will cover Troop Carriers, Glider Troops, Pathfinders, Service and Jump Uniforms, Divisional/ Unit patches, Distinctive Insignia, Special Insignia, Equipment, Weapons, Tactical Operations, Unit Colors (Flags and Guidons), and Paper-Related Collectibles.
Prenota "HEROES IN OUR MIDST VOL. 1"

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.889949
Retrieved Text: The Tankworks Evolution MkII integrates the 2000L super slim version of the premium quality steel slimline rainwater tank (only 600 mm wide) with a factory fitted submersible pump and RainBank controller. The Evolution MkII dramatically reduces installation time and costs.
Tankworks Evolution MkII 2000 Litre Slimline Rainwater Harvesting Unit 0 out of 1 5 based on ratings. user reviews.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.878756
Retrieved Text: Italian Journal of Geosciences (2000) 119 (2): 321-338.
The structural and geological field-mapping of the Polcevera and Scrivia valleys (Genoa Province) has revealed the presence of four tectonic units located between the Sestri-Voltaggio Zone and the Antola Unit. These units will be hereafter referred as: Bric Montaldo unit, Serra Ricco unit, Vallecalda unit and Ciae unit. All these units consist of turbiditic sequences. In addition, the Serra Ricco unit is characterized by the presence of pebbly mudstone deposits. The pre-Oligocene structural evolution of Bric Montaldo, Serra Ricco, Vallecalda and Ciae units is characterized by a polyphase deformation pattern with strong similarities showing the deformation history recognized in the Internal Ligurid Units. Each tectonic unit is affected by at least three main pre-Oligocene deformation phases, with the development of multiple generations of folds and thrust surfaces. The first deformation phase (D <sub>1</sub> ) is marked by non cylindrical isoclinal to sub-isoclinal F <sub>1</sub> folds (axis trend N180E-N200E) associated with cataclastic shear zones. The S <sub>1</sub> axial plane foliation is markedly penetrative and well developed in fine grained lithology, where it can be classified as slaty-cleavage. The D <sub>1</sub> phase is characterized by a non-coaxial deformation history, with a top-to-west sense of shear. The metamorphic peak conditions were reached during this phase. The study of mineralogical parameters (mineral assemblages, "crystallinity", polytypism and b <sub>0</sub> of illite, as well as the "crystallinity" of chlorite) point to very low-grade conditions for all the units, with an increase of metamorphic grade from the highest to the lowest tectonic unit. The second deformation

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.830334
Retrieved Text: Manroland Sheetfed: An ongoing EVOLUTION success story, Number 1000 off the production line.
Continuing the impressive ROLAND 700 EVOLUTION success story, 17 October 2018 saw the press’s one thousandth printing unit rolling off the assembly line at the Manroland Sheetfed headquarters in Offenbach, Germany since the first EVOLUTION press was commissioned at Samson Druck, Austria.
For many years, the ROLAND 700 HiPrint and Direct Drive have been significant factors in Impritex's success in exporting products to many countries from its base just outside Brussels and the best of both machines have now been combined in the new ROLAND 700 EVOLUTION. Based on these positive experiences, Impritex ordered a well-equipped ROLAND 706 LTTLV EVOLUTION specially tailored for the production of long production runs. Highest productivity is the main focus of the machine configuration.
A thousand EVOLUTION printing units delivered across more than 35 countries and to a variety of market segments, shift models and application areas is ample evidence that the ROLAND 700 EVOLUTION is the ideal product for its market.
Those wanting to find out more about the ROLAND 700 EVOLUTION can contact their closest Dynagraph partner and experience all of the printing solutions at first hand.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.82134
Retrieved Text: The Evolution of equipments for Vibrating Canulas on Liposuction Surgical Procedures.
Equipments for vibrating canulas have been used successfully in USA and Europe for several years.
The orthogonal shape of VIBROATONUS´s handhold implied on a great evolution of the design of liposuction equipments providing more comfort and security to both the patient and the physician.
Brushless Motor of high durability.
Anatomical Handhold (orthogonal shape - PATENTED by ATONUS).
Weight of the control unit: 1900g (approx).
Central power unit with speed control.
Handhold for coupling the cannula.
Control pedal to turn on/off.
4 canulas of your choice.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.777845
Retrieved Text: Also called as Modern Synthetic Theory of Evolution, Modern Synthesis or Neo Darwinian synthesis.
Definition: It is the modified elaborated version of Darwinism with addition of data from Mendelian genetics, molecular biology, population genetics and biological species concept. According to Neo Darwinism, evolution occurs by natural selection of genetically modified characters or genotypes.
August Weismann used the term Neo-Darwinism for the first time and he incorporated his theory of Germplasm into Darwin's theory of evolution by natural selection.
1. The unit of evolution is population not species. Each species comprises of many local populations.
3. Natural selection refers to the differential amplification of fittest genes and genotypes that is best suited to an environment and natural selection is not the only cause of evolution.
4. The formation of new species is by the accumulation of inherited random mutations and also by genetic recombination occurring due to independent assortment, fertilization and crossing over.
5. The major factors responsible for organic evolution include mutation, genetic recombination, natural selection and reproductive isolation.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.770616
Retrieved Text: At Evolution Heating & Air, we pride ourselves on providing high-quality AC repair and ac maintenance services at affordable prices for our customers. We have been in the AC business for over five years offering comprehensive AC services to the Abilene, TX area. We offer a wide range of different AC repair and maintenance services including AC cleaning, compressor replacement, AC unit installation, and more. Evolution Heating & Air is run by a passionate team of staff and service technicians who dedicate themselves to helping people find the solutions they need for their AC system.
Michael Foller is the owner of Evolution Heating & Air; since he was a young boy, Michael has had an interest in machines and technology. He learned a lot from his grandfather who was a robotics engineer for leading security firm Lockheed Martin. Michael’s father owned a home renovation company under which he took up more lessons about handiwork.
In 2013, Michael began working with AC systems as a helper to the main technician on jobs. Shortly after beginning in the industry, Michael suffered a thumb injury which made him unable to work. Eventually, Michael got back in the field and starting directly helping his boss on jobs, this would prove to be a great learning experience.
While helping his boss, he learned extensive details regarding how to properly repair, diagnose, and service AC units. Over the years, Michael has worked for several companies in the industry which have all given him the experience he has today.
Evolution Heating & Air is a mission statement

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.729561
Retrieved Text: bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Gems Golds Hack Tool are created to assisting you to when actively playing bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution quickly. Its making resources about Gems and Golds which has a ton volumes availabe daily. We are going to apologies that we all could hardly offer unlimited quantity yet. But shouldn't be anxious, how many quantity are still very much more than enough to experience bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution conveniently with out shopping for any kind of buy-in-app-services which the developer's provide.
bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Generator Script Latest Version (With New Version updated on (time)).
Why You Have to Use this bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Hack Tool?
This kind of bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Cheat Tool are generally produced and analyzed by our own exclusive team. Performing effectively with Android-phone, Tablets (any android version), apple iphone, ipad device, iPad Mini plus all other. Like we have explained above, you don't have to improve your own gadget's system (i. e. root, jailbreak). Designed with great user friendly interface which will make you easy to use bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Generator Tool. With Anti Ban™ safeguard, your own bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Account is going to be as harmless as play generally. The host is actually performing DAY TO DAY, thus don't bother about the moment you are going to make use of this bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Cheat Tool.
First, we guarantee that our website is safe. we are going to not offer your device a virus. we are going to not hack into your account nor steal your

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.70255
Retrieved Text: bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Gems Golds Hack Tool are created to assisting you to when actively playing bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution quickly. Its making resources about Gems and Golds which has a ton volumes availabe daily. We are going to apologies that we all could hardly offer unlimited quantity yet. But shouldn't be anxious, how many quantity are still very much more than enough to experience bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution conveniently with out shopping for any kind of buy-in-app-services which the developer's provide.
bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Generator Script Latest Version (With New Version updated on (time)).
Why You Have to Use this bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Hack Tool?
This kind of bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Cheat Tool are generally produced and analyzed by our own exclusive team. Performing effectively with Android-phone, Tablets (any android version), apple iphone, ipad device, iPad Mini plus all other. Like we have explained above, you don't have to improve your own gadget's system (i. e. root, jailbreak). Designed with great user friendly interface which will make you easy to use bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Generator Tool. With Anti Ban™ safeguard, your own bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Account is going to be as harmless as play generally. The host is actually performing DAY TO DAY, thus don't bother about the moment you are going to make use of this bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Cheat Tool.
First, we guarantee that our website is safe. we are going to not offer your device a virus. we are going to not hack into your account nor steal your

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.700629
Retrieved Text: patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Gems Golds Hack Tool are created to assisting you to when actively playing patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution quickly. Its making resources about Gems and Golds which has a ton volumes availabe daily. We are going to apologies that we all could hardly offer unlimited quantity yet. But shouldn't be anxious, how many quantity are still very much more than enough to experience patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution conveniently with out shopping for any kind of buy-in-app-services which the developer's provide.
patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Generator Script Latest Version (With New Version updated on (time)).
Why You Have to Use this patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Hack Tool?
This kind of patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Cheat Tool are generally produced and analyzed by our own exclusive team. Performing effectively with Android-phone, Tablets (any android version), apple iphone, ipad device, iPad Mini plus all other. Like we have explained above, you don't have to improve your own gadget's system (i. e. root, jailbreak). Designed with great user friendly interface which will make you easy to use patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Generator Tool. With Anti Ban™ safeguard, your own patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Account is going to be as harmless as play generally. The host is actually performing DAY TO DAY, thus don't bother about the moment you are going to make use of this patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Cheat Tool.
First, we guarantee that our website is safe. we are going to not offer your device a virus. we are going to not hack into your account nor steal your

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.695916
Retrieved Text: The idea of the EVOLUTION was the natural consequence of the constant search by Alberti of innovating its products.
While in the past the high speed feature was only reached with the use of a gear driven spindle speeder, the new Turboflex air driven head, developed together with Nakanishi, changed the way of high speed machining and allowed higher speed with increased accuracy and run out.
The real R-EVOLUTION, unique in its genre and therefore patented, is the outcome of Leonardo System: once again in co-operation with Nakanishi it’s and an electrospindle with ATC possibility and completely integrated with the machine tool thanks to a its controller unit. More powerful compared to the Turboflex unit and with a higher flexibility thanks to its different features, among them the RPM adjustability.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.689451
Retrieved Text: AIIMS Delhi annually organizes the AIIMS MBBS 2019, highly prestigious national level common medical entrance examination for the aspiring applicants who want to get admission in UG Medical course.
AIIMS MBBS Syllabus 2019 will cover questions from Physics, Chemistry, Biology, GK and LR. The general standard of the exam will be that of 12th class under the 10+2 Scheme/Intermediate Science. No syllabus has been prescribed by the Institute for the examination.
The AIIMS syllabus #yearcomprises of 60 questions each from physics, chemistry, biology, and 10 questions each from general knowledge, aptitude logical thinking with the sum total of 200 questions and each question will carry 1 marks.
Electric potential, potential difference, electric potential due to a point charge, a dipole and system of charges: equipotential surfaces, the electrical potential energy of a system of two point charges and of electric dipoles in an electrostatic field.
Conductors and insulators, free charges and bound charges inside a conductor. Dielectrics and electric polarization, capacitors and capacitance, a combination of capacitors in series and in parallel, the capacitance of a parallel plate capacitor with and without dielectric a medium between the plates, energy stored in a capacitor, Van de Graaff generator.
Electric current, a flow of electric charges in a metallic conductor, drift velocity and mobility, and their relation with electric current; Ohm’s law, electrical resistance, V-I characteristics (linear and nonlinear), electrical energy and power, electrical resistivity and conductivity.
UNIT III: Magnetic Effect of Current and Magnetism.
The concept of magnetic field, Oersted’s experiment. Biot-Savart law and its application to current carrying circular loop.
Force on a current-carrying

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.654116
Retrieved Text: The Pagani Zonda Oliver Evolution was Commissioned For A Nine Year Old Boy. The car is an automotive masterpiece and could claim to be the best Pagani Zonda ever.
The car was commissioned by one of the biggest Pagani cars collectors, who lives in Tokyo. Money talks like in all things in life. The Zonda finished its production run 2017, and in it’s later years was only producing one off cars. This one-off Pagani Zonda was the 760 edition of the Zonda made in 2016. The bespoke supercar is based on the 760 RS model and specially built for one of the big Pagani collectors. Unlike other special edition Zondas, this 760 has a uniquely designed rear spoiler and was engineered by one of the world GT champions to generate the maximum downforce to give the ultimate grip on the circuit. The car was tested by the Toyota factory driver and GT500 champion Akira Iida on Fuji Speedway during the Pagani Raduno in Japan this year. Mr Iida commented the Zonda Oliver Evolution is the best handling and closest to the Zonda Evolution R road car he has ever driven.
We love the fact that Horacio Pagani listens to whims and wishes of his customers so, if one wants a bespoke made Zonda, a Zonda will be made. What is even more outrageous about this Zonda is the fact the car was commissioned for a nine-year-old boy. Probably named Oliver, as Pagani named the car Zonda Oliver Evolution.
The car is the most track-focused Zonda ever according to a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.6349325
Retrieved Text: U.S. Navy Seabees of Combined Task Unit (CTU) 68.2.1, comprised of members from Naval Mobile Construction Battalions (NMCB) 14 and 11, Detachment Horn of Africa, participated in a U.S. Army-led Counterterrorism Logistics and Engineering training evolution with the Forces Armee Djiboutienne (FAD) Construction Engineer Unit from February to May 2015.
The evolution was designed to build partnerships between coalition forces and the FAD, while increasing the FAD’s ability to support counterterrorism operations, defend local borders, and conduct resupply missions to Somalia.
Eight Seabees from CTU 68.2.1’s ALFA shop (equipment operators and construction mechanics) partnered with the U.S. Army 47th Transportation Company to provide training on FAD Construction Engineer Unit heavy construction equipment. The Seabees developed a training plan geared towards basic construction maintenance and equipment operation. Seabees provided both classroom instruction and on-the-job training, working side-by-side with FAD personnel to conduct mechanical diagnostics and repairs on FAD equipment, as well as operate equipment on small projects around the FAD camp.
Training revolved around a new D7 dozer provided to the FAD by the United States. The Seabees, U.S. Army, and FAD team worked together to assemble the dozer and get it operational. 1st Lt Harrison Knowlton, U.S. Army Africa Liaison Officer to the U.S. Embassy, was impressed with Seabee performance throughout the months of training.
The learning and training wasn’t just one way. While Djiboutian personnel gained technical skills, CTU 68.2.1 members gained experience in leadership and communication.
The response from the FAD was overwhelmingly positive. They loved the course and the learning experience.
“Seabees are my favorite and I feel fortunate

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.629965
Retrieved Text: The grade 11 calculus classes began their first unit: a review on functions. They blazed through transformations, composite functions, piecewise functions, and function families, reviewing everything they had learned in math last year in just two weeks. Students will write one final test on these concepts before their next unit on limits and continuity.
The grade 11 biology students spent a day at the Royal Ontario Museum to observe real-world applications of biological topics and participate in an evolution workshop. In addition to visiting the various exhibits, they were lectured by a speaker on the evolution of the human skull from our primal ancestors to the current homo sapiens.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.614124
Retrieved Text: The wireless flat panel integrated into the 32 kW X-ray system is designed to give maximum performance and flexibility within a modern hospital environment. The speed of operation of this system, in fields demanding rapid intervention such as Emergency and Pediatric Medicine by virtue of the 2 second display time for images at the console provides excellent clinical worth. The new wireless FPD expands the product range and allows easy positioning in restricted spaces when combined with the intuitive movements of the MobileDaRt Evolution.
The newly adopted vibration resistant SSD capable of high speed access achieves high level reliability during clinical rounds and a smooth system startup.
Images can now be checked quickly from a wide range of positions around the unit, which further improves workflow.
LEDs have been adopted as the light source to indicate the irradiation field. This reduces power consumption while improving brightness levels and durability.
The wireless FPD makes it easy to maintain the system asepsis in the operating room or infectious diseases ward. The system offers excellent positioning, with no concerns about cables.
Two kinds of dose management tools are available according to the needs of facilities. A Dose Area Product (DAP) meter can be mounted to the front of the collimator to display dose measurements on the display panel. If a dose calculation function is incorporated in the system, the estimated skin dose is displayed on the main unit display panel prior to taking exposures. Dose data measured with a dose area product meter or calculated skin dose can also be output in DICOM format.
Two

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.6023855
Retrieved Text: The Business Unit Digital Grid is the leading global supplier of products, systems, solutions, and services for the economical, reliable, and intelligent transmission and distribution of electrical power. Inside this Unit, we are currently looking for a Service Project Manager to be hired with a permanent contract, based in our Headquarter of Milan.
What you will do in the short term?
And in the middle term?
You could get the PM Lead in our growing service business.
Ability and flexibility to adjust and thrive in environment with changing requirements, schedules and priorities for multiple projects or assignments.
Our world is in a continuous evolution and we always think about the next. Start your career in Siemens, you could support us in building the technologies and innovations of tomorrow to make a difference. Do you want to change the future every day? Apply to us and join in our team.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.58138
Retrieved Text: Here are a few tips to cater you pattern your website before the literal web development.
Foremost, screw what you requirement, a artefact of website should be clarify in your intent so that you can expeditiously pass the selfsame to the web evolution unit that is achievement to use on the attribute. This includes both system and functionality of the website. Web artful can be finished with as overmuch creativeness and originality that you can perchance envisage in your deal. Freehanded and confident ideas e`er sound with the audience, derived ideas can be easily established and it testament venture a electronegative content about your website. That is why you should jaunt numerous websites to get an statement of all that is gettable with your designs and functionality, but this should be narrow to breeding of apprehension on how the web totality. Action ideas from already habitual websites is always a bad aim. Your website should bang a unequalled quotient, which leave be the faculty your customers gift jaunt it repeatedly. Web use majorly deals with the functionality of the website and android ga it can be used to mix divergent functionality in the website. These leave change the search of the website, and this could be the unequalled quotient that has been mentioned above.
Time making a project on the website artful, you also poorness to imagine nigh the motif of the unit website. The line should preferably be germane to the services/product that your assort is dealings. Regularize otherwise the strain creates an elegance and exemplar in

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.573155
Retrieved Text: To what extent is the decrease in the EU’s industrial energy consumption after the economic crisis due to energy efficiency improvements (as measured through the ‘unit consumption’ of industrial branches)?
What has been the impact of changes in production level of industrial branches?
This policy brief analyses the relative importance of ‘activity’, ‘structural’ and ‘unit consumption’ effects on the variation of the industrial energy consumption in the EU since 2007, based on ODYSSEE data.
The economic crisis sparked by the global financial crisis of 2007-2008 has had an impact on gross domestic product (GDP), energy consumption and carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions.
As shown in Figure 1, all three variables fell significantly in 2009, before rebounding in 20101. From 2007 to 2014, energy consumption and combustion CO2 emissions in EU decreased by 11% and 18% respectively, while GDP recovered its 2007 level after a 4% dip in 2009.
To what extent is the decoupling of energy consump¬tion from economic growth due to an increase in energy efficiency or to a ‘structural effect’ (i.e. a change in the relative weights of the various industrial branches of industry)? This paper addresses this question based on ODYSSEE data2 and focuses on industry – the sector that has seen its energy consumption most affected by the crisis, as can be seen in Figure 2.
More specifically, the paper deals with the final energy consumption of the EU’s manufacturing industry, which amounted to 323 million tonnes of oil equivalent (Mtoe) in 2007.
Figure 3 shows that the impact of the crisis varied across the different branches of industry. Some

================



======= Instance Index 6319 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Remember that individuals do not evolve. Their genes do not change over time. The unit of evolution is the population. A population consists of organisms of the same species that live in the same area. In terms of evolution, the population is assumed to be a relatively closed group. This means that most mating takes place within the population. The science that focuses on evolution within populations is population genetics . It is a combination of evolutionary theory and Mendelian genetics.


Q: What is the unit of evolution?

 Choices:

- population

- biome

- species

- community

A:

Target Text: population

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.762014
Retrieved Text: Evolution is a tough subject to find materials on in the homeschool world. So many science texts overlook it, for fear of offending someone or they are actively trying to disprove it. The theory of evolution is often misunderstood, or completely ignored. Yet it is an important element of science, and our children should know and understand it, regardless of religious belief. I searched high and low to find the best children’s books on the subject and I’ve put together a unit study with what I found. In this study, you will learn about the origins of the Earth and create a huge timeline of life covering the Big Bang through modern day; learn about the life of Charles Darwin and follow his journey circumnavigating the globe, study his Theory of Evolution, as well as complete a literature unit on the novel The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate .
In this comprehensive unit study, you will read 8 books, complete 23 activities, and study 39 vocabulary words. I have included a list of 7 documentaries to enhance your study, as well as 25 notebooking pages. I have also included copywork and dictation passages taken from The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate as well as writing assignments about evolution and Charles Darwin.
Darwin and Evolution Unit Study can be completed in 8 weeks, or it can be stretched over the course of a semester by doing only 2-3 lessons per week. It covers literature, science, geography, geology, paleontology, nature study and writing. It is a multi-age unit, however the target age

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.536512
Retrieved Text: Top of the range, the ISE Evolution 200 food waste disposal unit from InSinkErator® features three stage grind operation and our quietest technology. 60% quieter than standard models, it’s our most powerful and quietest model. Don’t worry about what you can and cannot grind . . . the InSinkErator Evolution 200 is a food waste disposal unit that grinds every kind of food waste.
This is premium, state-of-the-art technology for everyone, especially for those who enjoy entertaining regularly.
The Insinkerator Evolution model 200 will easily fit to a ceramic sink with a 3.5" Waste outlet and a maximum ceramic thickness of 20mm. If you have a ceramic kitchen sink with a thickness of over 20mm then you will require an Extended Flange. You will also not be able to convert it to a Batch Feed unit by using the optional batch feed kit.
You should also note that it is not possible to install a waste disposal unit with a ceramic kitchen sink with a weir overflow. You can see an example of a ceramic kitchen sink that is not suitable for use with a waste disposal unit by clicking on the following link.
This is an example of a ceramic kitchen sink with a weir overflow.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.334488
Retrieved Text: Today we began Unit 6: Evolution. But the classic picture above doesn’t tell the whole story. In class, students looked at seven common statements about evolution and tried to classify them as either true or false. The answers can be found below.
Evolution is “just a theory.” False. Evolution is a theory in the same way that the theory of gravity is a theory; it is a widely accepted explanation for scientific observations.
Evolution explains how humans evolved from gorillas. False. Humans evolved from some sort of ancient forest ape, not any modern-day animal.
Evolution is incompatible with religion. False. Even the Catholic Pope has softened his stance on evolution in recent years.
Evolution is not science because it’s not observable or testable. False. We have observed evolution happen in bacteria, elephants, etc.
Evolution involves organisms trying to adapt. False. Evolution happens naturally, not because of the desires of any plant or animal.
Evolution happens during an animal’s lifespan. False. Evolution occurs over generations, sometimes taking millions of years.
Evolution explains how life began on Earth. False. Evolution is an explanation for how life changes, not how life began. The beginnings of life are still a mystery.
Did you catch on yet? The seven statements above are really “common misconceptions about evolution.” All of them are false. And although they are complicated, my hope is, by the end of Unit 6, you will be able to explain every one of them!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.310963
Retrieved Text: Huat, Ch'ng Siong and Teo, Jason Tze Wi (2012) Online evolution of offensive strategies in real-time strategy gaming. In: 2012 IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation, CEC 2012, 10-15 June 2012, Brisbane, Australia.
The main objective of this paper is to investigate online evolution of military unit combination strategies for winning an offensive rush in a real-time strategy (RTS) game. A modified version of Evolutionary Programming (EP) is used as the evolutionary optimizer while WARGUS is used as the RTS gaming environment. Evolution of the military unit combinations is conducted online, which means that optimization is taking place while a particular round of the RTS game is still in progress. Empirical tests show that the online evolution of military unit combination strategies is possible using EP and was able to mount successful offensive campaigns on a reliable basis against three respective built-in, human-crafted AI strategies provided in WARGUS.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.121967
Retrieved Text: Evolution is the eighth unit to be released from the Issues and Science, Third Edition from SEPUP at the Lawrence Hall of Science, University of California, Berkley. It has been developed for full alignment to the NGSS performance expectations and the pedagogical shift outlined in the Frameworks. Each unit of the program incorporates science and engineering concepts and practices with current issues.
It is a 7-8 week middle school unit focusing on the processes of natural selection and extinction in shaping the diversity of organisms on Earth. It also explores how people are affected by and affect evolution. Evolution is fully aligned to the three dimensions of the NGSS and bundles the following Performance Expectations (PE): LS3-1, LS4-1, LS4-2, LS4-3, LS4-4, LS4-5, and LS4-6. To explore the Learning Pathways for each PE in the unit visit http://sepuplhs.org/pathways.html.
Learn more about SEPUP's process for developing NGSS-aligned middle school programing.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.01078
Retrieved Text: I work mainly in the medium of modular origami. I am motivated to understand mathematical ideas by attempting to express these ideas in visual ways. I am deeply impressed by the ways that visually pleasing art often emerges through the process of trying to gain a deeper understanding of the mathematical ideas I set out to explore. I also find that new questions emerge as I look for ways to express my original questions. The dialectical process of mathematical question – visual expression – mathematical question engages my imagination and allows me to experience both the beauty and the power of mathematics.
Colored tiling based on the newly discovered 15th tiling pentagon. The background is constructed to show the primitive 12-tile unit with an overlay to suggest one way to color the tiling so as to disguise the primitive unit. This first work serves as a departure point for exploring three variations. The first evolution uses the primitive unit, but laid out in a non-tiling format so as to create new areas between the units that, when considered themselves, constitute a complete tiling. A subsequent evolution is made with a new 12-tile "twist" unit that does not tile, but does produce a beautiful floral-like design. A third evolution is made by taking an interior space created in evolution two and creating a completely new design.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.54131
Retrieved Text: One of the best ductless systems on the market is Bryant’s Evolution Heat Pump with Basepan Heater. This product delivers premium performance to a converted space or room addition in your home. It uses inverter-controlled, quiet operation for increased savings and energy efficiency. When this unit is installed, you can depend on steady, reliable performance throughout your space.
Is Bryant’s Evolution Heat Pump with Basepan Heater the unit you’ve been looking for?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.251837
Retrieved Text: Students read Lamarck's obituary and respond to questions.Students can work individually or in small groups.This activity can be used at the beginning of an evolution unit.
Young scholars read and analyze an obituary written for Charles Darwin. They are already familiar with Darwin and the theory of evolution. This is an introduction to evolution, or in fact, an introduction to biology.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.229164
Retrieved Text: The main mechanism of evolution is that biological entities change, are selected, and reproduce. We propose a different concept in terms of the main agent or atom of evolution: in the biological world, not an individual object, but its interactive network is the fundamental unit of evolution.
The interaction network is composed of interaction pairs of information objects that have order information. This indicates a paradigm shift from 3D biological objects to an abstract network of information entities as the primary agent of evolution. It forces us to change our views about how organisms evolve and therefore the methods we use to analyze evolution processes.
This page was last modified on 3 September 2010, at 23:32.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.18269
Retrieved Text: before starting the quest, set your leader to the unit who has the skill in question. As an example, Protagonist would have to be the very first unit (leader) in your party.
afterwards, these quests can't be redone with the same individual unit.
finally, these improvements only apply to the individual unit; the quest would have to be redone if you, for example (if Beastman ever did get a fix), want your Moritaka ☆5 to also have the improvement you just did with Moritaka ☆4.
See Skill Evolution for more information about Skill Evolution.
This page was last edited on 18 March 2019, at 15:07.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.041481
Retrieved Text: What is the relationship between Jewish texts and Jewish life? This unit explores Judaism's foundational beliefs, rituals and traditions through its core texts--classical, medieval and modern. Tracing the evolution of Judaism from its roots in the ancient Near East to the diversity of its modern incarnations, it provides a window into the intellectual, ethical and cultural traditions that have shaped the oldest of the three monotheistic religions.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.91156
Retrieved Text: When the intent to address the history of the WWII U.S. airborne forces was first contemplated, the reaction was “What can one do that hasn’t already been done?” Upon hearing of the project, historians, advanced researchers, collectors, and fans of the airborne stepped forward asking, “What can I do to help?” What was initially intended to be a single volume has turned into a formidable series on the subject. This first volume deals in great detail with the Early Years, Airborne Training, Parachute Qualification Wings and Trimmings, Evolution of Military Parachutes, Jump Helmets, and Paramarines. Future volumes, each over 500 pages, will cover Troop Carriers, Glider Troops, Pathfinders, Service and Jump Uniforms, Divisional/ Unit patches, Distinctive Insignia, Special Insignia, Equipment, Weapons, Tactical Operations, Unit Colors (Flags and Guidons), and Paper-Related Collectibles.
Prenota "HEROES IN OUR MIDST VOL. 1"

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.889949
Retrieved Text: The Tankworks Evolution MkII integrates the 2000L super slim version of the premium quality steel slimline rainwater tank (only 600 mm wide) with a factory fitted submersible pump and RainBank controller. The Evolution MkII dramatically reduces installation time and costs.
Tankworks Evolution MkII 2000 Litre Slimline Rainwater Harvesting Unit 0 out of 1 5 based on ratings. user reviews.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.878756
Retrieved Text: Italian Journal of Geosciences (2000) 119 (2): 321-338.
The structural and geological field-mapping of the Polcevera and Scrivia valleys (Genoa Province) has revealed the presence of four tectonic units located between the Sestri-Voltaggio Zone and the Antola Unit. These units will be hereafter referred as: Bric Montaldo unit, Serra Ricco unit, Vallecalda unit and Ciae unit. All these units consist of turbiditic sequences. In addition, the Serra Ricco unit is characterized by the presence of pebbly mudstone deposits. The pre-Oligocene structural evolution of Bric Montaldo, Serra Ricco, Vallecalda and Ciae units is characterized by a polyphase deformation pattern with strong similarities showing the deformation history recognized in the Internal Ligurid Units. Each tectonic unit is affected by at least three main pre-Oligocene deformation phases, with the development of multiple generations of folds and thrust surfaces. The first deformation phase (D <sub>1</sub> ) is marked by non cylindrical isoclinal to sub-isoclinal F <sub>1</sub> folds (axis trend N180E-N200E) associated with cataclastic shear zones. The S <sub>1</sub> axial plane foliation is markedly penetrative and well developed in fine grained lithology, where it can be classified as slaty-cleavage. The D <sub>1</sub> phase is characterized by a non-coaxial deformation history, with a top-to-west sense of shear. The metamorphic peak conditions were reached during this phase. The study of mineralogical parameters (mineral assemblages, "crystallinity", polytypism and b <sub>0</sub> of illite, as well as the "crystallinity" of chlorite) point to very low-grade conditions for all the units, with an increase of metamorphic grade from the highest to the lowest tectonic unit. The second deformation

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.830334
Retrieved Text: Manroland Sheetfed: An ongoing EVOLUTION success story, Number 1000 off the production line.
Continuing the impressive ROLAND 700 EVOLUTION success story, 17 October 2018 saw the press’s one thousandth printing unit rolling off the assembly line at the Manroland Sheetfed headquarters in Offenbach, Germany since the first EVOLUTION press was commissioned at Samson Druck, Austria.
For many years, the ROLAND 700 HiPrint and Direct Drive have been significant factors in Impritex's success in exporting products to many countries from its base just outside Brussels and the best of both machines have now been combined in the new ROLAND 700 EVOLUTION. Based on these positive experiences, Impritex ordered a well-equipped ROLAND 706 LTTLV EVOLUTION specially tailored for the production of long production runs. Highest productivity is the main focus of the machine configuration.
A thousand EVOLUTION printing units delivered across more than 35 countries and to a variety of market segments, shift models and application areas is ample evidence that the ROLAND 700 EVOLUTION is the ideal product for its market.
Those wanting to find out more about the ROLAND 700 EVOLUTION can contact their closest Dynagraph partner and experience all of the printing solutions at first hand.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.82134
Retrieved Text: The Evolution of equipments for Vibrating Canulas on Liposuction Surgical Procedures.
Equipments for vibrating canulas have been used successfully in USA and Europe for several years.
The orthogonal shape of VIBROATONUS´s handhold implied on a great evolution of the design of liposuction equipments providing more comfort and security to both the patient and the physician.
Brushless Motor of high durability.
Anatomical Handhold (orthogonal shape - PATENTED by ATONUS).
Weight of the control unit: 1900g (approx).
Central power unit with speed control.
Handhold for coupling the cannula.
Control pedal to turn on/off.
4 canulas of your choice.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.777845
Retrieved Text: Also called as Modern Synthetic Theory of Evolution, Modern Synthesis or Neo Darwinian synthesis.
Definition: It is the modified elaborated version of Darwinism with addition of data from Mendelian genetics, molecular biology, population genetics and biological species concept. According to Neo Darwinism, evolution occurs by natural selection of genetically modified characters or genotypes.
August Weismann used the term Neo-Darwinism for the first time and he incorporated his theory of Germplasm into Darwin's theory of evolution by natural selection.
1. The unit of evolution is population not species. Each species comprises of many local populations.
3. Natural selection refers to the differential amplification of fittest genes and genotypes that is best suited to an environment and natural selection is not the only cause of evolution.
4. The formation of new species is by the accumulation of inherited random mutations and also by genetic recombination occurring due to independent assortment, fertilization and crossing over.
5. The major factors responsible for organic evolution include mutation, genetic recombination, natural selection and reproductive isolation.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.770616
Retrieved Text: At Evolution Heating & Air, we pride ourselves on providing high-quality AC repair and ac maintenance services at affordable prices for our customers. We have been in the AC business for over five years offering comprehensive AC services to the Abilene, TX area. We offer a wide range of different AC repair and maintenance services including AC cleaning, compressor replacement, AC unit installation, and more. Evolution Heating & Air is run by a passionate team of staff and service technicians who dedicate themselves to helping people find the solutions they need for their AC system.
Michael Foller is the owner of Evolution Heating & Air; since he was a young boy, Michael has had an interest in machines and technology. He learned a lot from his grandfather who was a robotics engineer for leading security firm Lockheed Martin. Michael’s father owned a home renovation company under which he took up more lessons about handiwork.
In 2013, Michael began working with AC systems as a helper to the main technician on jobs. Shortly after beginning in the industry, Michael suffered a thumb injury which made him unable to work. Eventually, Michael got back in the field and starting directly helping his boss on jobs, this would prove to be a great learning experience.
While helping his boss, he learned extensive details regarding how to properly repair, diagnose, and service AC units. Over the years, Michael has worked for several companies in the industry which have all given him the experience he has today.
Evolution Heating & Air is a mission statement

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.729561
Retrieved Text: bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Gems Golds Hack Tool are created to assisting you to when actively playing bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution quickly. Its making resources about Gems and Golds which has a ton volumes availabe daily. We are going to apologies that we all could hardly offer unlimited quantity yet. But shouldn't be anxious, how many quantity are still very much more than enough to experience bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution conveniently with out shopping for any kind of buy-in-app-services which the developer's provide.
bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Generator Script Latest Version (With New Version updated on (time)).
Why You Have to Use this bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Hack Tool?
This kind of bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Cheat Tool are generally produced and analyzed by our own exclusive team. Performing effectively with Android-phone, Tablets (any android version), apple iphone, ipad device, iPad Mini plus all other. Like we have explained above, you don't have to improve your own gadget's system (i. e. root, jailbreak). Designed with great user friendly interface which will make you easy to use bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Generator Tool. With Anti Ban™ safeguard, your own bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Account is going to be as harmless as play generally. The host is actually performing DAY TO DAY, thus don't bother about the moment you are going to make use of this bit.ly/abegenerator Angry Birds Evolution Cheat Tool.
First, we guarantee that our website is safe. we are going to not offer your device a virus. we are going to not hack into your account nor steal your

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.70255
Retrieved Text: bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Gems Golds Hack Tool are created to assisting you to when actively playing bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution quickly. Its making resources about Gems and Golds which has a ton volumes availabe daily. We are going to apologies that we all could hardly offer unlimited quantity yet. But shouldn't be anxious, how many quantity are still very much more than enough to experience bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution conveniently with out shopping for any kind of buy-in-app-services which the developer's provide.
bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Generator Script Latest Version (With New Version updated on (time)).
Why You Have to Use this bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Hack Tool?
This kind of bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Cheat Tool are generally produced and analyzed by our own exclusive team. Performing effectively with Android-phone, Tablets (any android version), apple iphone, ipad device, iPad Mini plus all other. Like we have explained above, you don't have to improve your own gadget's system (i. e. root, jailbreak). Designed with great user friendly interface which will make you easy to use bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Generator Tool. With Anti Ban™ safeguard, your own bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Account is going to be as harmless as play generally. The host is actually performing DAY TO DAY, thus don't bother about the moment you are going to make use of this bluestacks.com Angry Birds Evolution Cheat Tool.
First, we guarantee that our website is safe. we are going to not offer your device a virus. we are going to not hack into your account nor steal your

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.700629
Retrieved Text: patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Gems Golds Hack Tool are created to assisting you to when actively playing patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution quickly. Its making resources about Gems and Golds which has a ton volumes availabe daily. We are going to apologies that we all could hardly offer unlimited quantity yet. But shouldn't be anxious, how many quantity are still very much more than enough to experience patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution conveniently with out shopping for any kind of buy-in-app-services which the developer's provide.
patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Generator Script Latest Version (With New Version updated on (time)).
Why You Have to Use this patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Hack Tool?
This kind of patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Cheat Tool are generally produced and analyzed by our own exclusive team. Performing effectively with Android-phone, Tablets (any android version), apple iphone, ipad device, iPad Mini plus all other. Like we have explained above, you don't have to improve your own gadget's system (i. e. root, jailbreak). Designed with great user friendly interface which will make you easy to use patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Generator Tool. With Anti Ban™ safeguard, your own patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Account is going to be as harmless as play generally. The host is actually performing DAY TO DAY, thus don't bother about the moment you are going to make use of this patreon.com/2thumbsplay Angry Birds Evolution Cheat Tool.
First, we guarantee that our website is safe. we are going to not offer your device a virus. we are going to not hack into your account nor steal your

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.695916
Retrieved Text: The idea of the EVOLUTION was the natural consequence of the constant search by Alberti of innovating its products.
While in the past the high speed feature was only reached with the use of a gear driven spindle speeder, the new Turboflex air driven head, developed together with Nakanishi, changed the way of high speed machining and allowed higher speed with increased accuracy and run out.
The real R-EVOLUTION, unique in its genre and therefore patented, is the outcome of Leonardo System: once again in co-operation with Nakanishi it’s and an electrospindle with ATC possibility and completely integrated with the machine tool thanks to a its controller unit. More powerful compared to the Turboflex unit and with a higher flexibility thanks to its different features, among them the RPM adjustability.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.689451
Retrieved Text: AIIMS Delhi annually organizes the AIIMS MBBS 2019, highly prestigious national level common medical entrance examination for the aspiring applicants who want to get admission in UG Medical course.
AIIMS MBBS Syllabus 2019 will cover questions from Physics, Chemistry, Biology, GK and LR. The general standard of the exam will be that of 12th class under the 10+2 Scheme/Intermediate Science. No syllabus has been prescribed by the Institute for the examination.
The AIIMS syllabus #yearcomprises of 60 questions each from physics, chemistry, biology, and 10 questions each from general knowledge, aptitude logical thinking with the sum total of 200 questions and each question will carry 1 marks.
Electric potential, potential difference, electric potential due to a point charge, a dipole and system of charges: equipotential surfaces, the electrical potential energy of a system of two point charges and of electric dipoles in an electrostatic field.
Conductors and insulators, free charges and bound charges inside a conductor. Dielectrics and electric polarization, capacitors and capacitance, a combination of capacitors in series and in parallel, the capacitance of a parallel plate capacitor with and without dielectric a medium between the plates, energy stored in a capacitor, Van de Graaff generator.
Electric current, a flow of electric charges in a metallic conductor, drift velocity and mobility, and their relation with electric current; Ohm’s law, electrical resistance, V-I characteristics (linear and nonlinear), electrical energy and power, electrical resistivity and conductivity.
UNIT III: Magnetic Effect of Current and Magnetism.
The concept of magnetic field, Oersted’s experiment. Biot-Savart law and its application to current carrying circular loop.
Force on a current-carrying

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.654116
Retrieved Text: The Pagani Zonda Oliver Evolution was Commissioned For A Nine Year Old Boy. The car is an automotive masterpiece and could claim to be the best Pagani Zonda ever.
The car was commissioned by one of the biggest Pagani cars collectors, who lives in Tokyo. Money talks like in all things in life. The Zonda finished its production run 2017, and in it’s later years was only producing one off cars. This one-off Pagani Zonda was the 760 edition of the Zonda made in 2016. The bespoke supercar is based on the 760 RS model and specially built for one of the big Pagani collectors. Unlike other special edition Zondas, this 760 has a uniquely designed rear spoiler and was engineered by one of the world GT champions to generate the maximum downforce to give the ultimate grip on the circuit. The car was tested by the Toyota factory driver and GT500 champion Akira Iida on Fuji Speedway during the Pagani Raduno in Japan this year. Mr Iida commented the Zonda Oliver Evolution is the best handling and closest to the Zonda Evolution R road car he has ever driven.
We love the fact that Horacio Pagani listens to whims and wishes of his customers so, if one wants a bespoke made Zonda, a Zonda will be made. What is even more outrageous about this Zonda is the fact the car was commissioned for a nine-year-old boy. Probably named Oliver, as Pagani named the car Zonda Oliver Evolution.
The car is the most track-focused Zonda ever according to a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.6349325
Retrieved Text: U.S. Navy Seabees of Combined Task Unit (CTU) 68.2.1, comprised of members from Naval Mobile Construction Battalions (NMCB) 14 and 11, Detachment Horn of Africa, participated in a U.S. Army-led Counterterrorism Logistics and Engineering training evolution with the Forces Armee Djiboutienne (FAD) Construction Engineer Unit from February to May 2015.
The evolution was designed to build partnerships between coalition forces and the FAD, while increasing the FAD’s ability to support counterterrorism operations, defend local borders, and conduct resupply missions to Somalia.
Eight Seabees from CTU 68.2.1’s ALFA shop (equipment operators and construction mechanics) partnered with the U.S. Army 47th Transportation Company to provide training on FAD Construction Engineer Unit heavy construction equipment. The Seabees developed a training plan geared towards basic construction maintenance and equipment operation. Seabees provided both classroom instruction and on-the-job training, working side-by-side with FAD personnel to conduct mechanical diagnostics and repairs on FAD equipment, as well as operate equipment on small projects around the FAD camp.
Training revolved around a new D7 dozer provided to the FAD by the United States. The Seabees, U.S. Army, and FAD team worked together to assemble the dozer and get it operational. 1st Lt Harrison Knowlton, U.S. Army Africa Liaison Officer to the U.S. Embassy, was impressed with Seabee performance throughout the months of training.
The learning and training wasn’t just one way. While Djiboutian personnel gained technical skills, CTU 68.2.1 members gained experience in leadership and communication.
The response from the FAD was overwhelmingly positive. They loved the course and the learning experience.
“Seabees are my favorite and I feel fortunate

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.629965
Retrieved Text: The grade 11 calculus classes began their first unit: a review on functions. They blazed through transformations, composite functions, piecewise functions, and function families, reviewing everything they had learned in math last year in just two weeks. Students will write one final test on these concepts before their next unit on limits and continuity.
The grade 11 biology students spent a day at the Royal Ontario Museum to observe real-world applications of biological topics and participate in an evolution workshop. In addition to visiting the various exhibits, they were lectured by a speaker on the evolution of the human skull from our primal ancestors to the current homo sapiens.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.614124
Retrieved Text: The wireless flat panel integrated into the 32 kW X-ray system is designed to give maximum performance and flexibility within a modern hospital environment. The speed of operation of this system, in fields demanding rapid intervention such as Emergency and Pediatric Medicine by virtue of the 2 second display time for images at the console provides excellent clinical worth. The new wireless FPD expands the product range and allows easy positioning in restricted spaces when combined with the intuitive movements of the MobileDaRt Evolution.
The newly adopted vibration resistant SSD capable of high speed access achieves high level reliability during clinical rounds and a smooth system startup.
Images can now be checked quickly from a wide range of positions around the unit, which further improves workflow.
LEDs have been adopted as the light source to indicate the irradiation field. This reduces power consumption while improving brightness levels and durability.
The wireless FPD makes it easy to maintain the system asepsis in the operating room or infectious diseases ward. The system offers excellent positioning, with no concerns about cables.
Two kinds of dose management tools are available according to the needs of facilities. A Dose Area Product (DAP) meter can be mounted to the front of the collimator to display dose measurements on the display panel. If a dose calculation function is incorporated in the system, the estimated skin dose is displayed on the main unit display panel prior to taking exposures. Dose data measured with a dose area product meter or calculated skin dose can also be output in DICOM format.
Two

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.6023855
Retrieved Text: The Business Unit Digital Grid is the leading global supplier of products, systems, solutions, and services for the economical, reliable, and intelligent transmission and distribution of electrical power. Inside this Unit, we are currently looking for a Service Project Manager to be hired with a permanent contract, based in our Headquarter of Milan.
What you will do in the short term?
And in the middle term?
You could get the PM Lead in our growing service business.
Ability and flexibility to adjust and thrive in environment with changing requirements, schedules and priorities for multiple projects or assignments.
Our world is in a continuous evolution and we always think about the next. Start your career in Siemens, you could support us in building the technologies and innovations of tomorrow to make a difference. Do you want to change the future every day? Apply to us and join in our team.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.58138
Retrieved Text: Here are a few tips to cater you pattern your website before the literal web development.
Foremost, screw what you requirement, a artefact of website should be clarify in your intent so that you can expeditiously pass the selfsame to the web evolution unit that is achievement to use on the attribute. This includes both system and functionality of the website. Web artful can be finished with as overmuch creativeness and originality that you can perchance envisage in your deal. Freehanded and confident ideas e`er sound with the audience, derived ideas can be easily established and it testament venture a electronegative content about your website. That is why you should jaunt numerous websites to get an statement of all that is gettable with your designs and functionality, but this should be narrow to breeding of apprehension on how the web totality. Action ideas from already habitual websites is always a bad aim. Your website should bang a unequalled quotient, which leave be the faculty your customers gift jaunt it repeatedly. Web use majorly deals with the functionality of the website and android ga it can be used to mix divergent functionality in the website. These leave change the search of the website, and this could be the unequalled quotient that has been mentioned above.
Time making a project on the website artful, you also poorness to imagine nigh the motif of the unit website. The line should preferably be germane to the services/product that your assort is dealings. Regularize otherwise the strain creates an elegance and exemplar in

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.573155
Retrieved Text: To what extent is the decrease in the EU’s industrial energy consumption after the economic crisis due to energy efficiency improvements (as measured through the ‘unit consumption’ of industrial branches)?
What has been the impact of changes in production level of industrial branches?
This policy brief analyses the relative importance of ‘activity’, ‘structural’ and ‘unit consumption’ effects on the variation of the industrial energy consumption in the EU since 2007, based on ODYSSEE data.
The economic crisis sparked by the global financial crisis of 2007-2008 has had an impact on gross domestic product (GDP), energy consumption and carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions.
As shown in Figure 1, all three variables fell significantly in 2009, before rebounding in 20101. From 2007 to 2014, energy consumption and combustion CO2 emissions in EU decreased by 11% and 18% respectively, while GDP recovered its 2007 level after a 4% dip in 2009.
To what extent is the decoupling of energy consump¬tion from economic growth due to an increase in energy efficiency or to a ‘structural effect’ (i.e. a change in the relative weights of the various industrial branches of industry)? This paper addresses this question based on ODYSSEE data2 and focuses on industry – the sector that has seen its energy consumption most affected by the crisis, as can be seen in Figure 2.
More specifically, the paper deals with the final energy consumption of the EU’s manufacturing industry, which amounted to 323 million tonnes of oil equivalent (Mtoe) in 2007.
Figure 3 shows that the impact of the crisis varied across the different branches of industry. Some

================



======= Instance Index 9557 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

The brain stem is the smallest of the three main parts of the brain. It lies directly under the cerebrum. The brain stem controls basic body functions, such as breathing, heartbeat, and digestion. The brain stem also carries information back and forth between the cerebrum and spinal cord.


Q: What is the smallest main part of the brain?

 Choices:

- the cerebellum

- the cortex

- the stem

- the claw

A:

Target Text: the stem

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.77392
Retrieved Text: Microcirculation is the blood flow through the smallest blood vessels in the cardiovascular system. It exists in all tissues and organs that passes nutrients, blood cells, hormones and more to and from cells in the body to help fight diseases, stabilize body temperature and overall maintain the body.
The main functions of the microcirculation are the delivery of oxygen and nutrients and the removal of carbon dioxide (CO2). It also serves to regulate blood flow and tissue perfusion thereby affecting blood pressure and responses to inflammation which can include edema (swelling). Disturbed microcirculation leads to numerous health disturbances and more complicated recovery, weakens the immune-system, worsens the defense of free radicals and many more.
D’OXYVA® improves circulation, specifically microcirculation of your blood. This process unique only to D’OXYVA triggers protective physiological functions in the body; vasodilation and vasoconstrictions in your vessels, catalyzing vessel structure growth (angiogenesis), auto-regulation of local blood supply in tissues and organs, neuroreceptor signaling in the brain, and blood pH balance, amongst other critical functions.
D’OXYVA is for adults and children over 10 whose circulation and oxygen levels are low and cannot improve enough with exercise and a low-fat diet alone.
D’OXYVA is the only fully noninvasive, completely painless transdermal (over-the-skin) microcirculatory solution that has been clinically tested to significantly improve microcirculation.
The improvement of microcirculation, i.e., blood flow to the smallest blood vessels, benefits one’s health, immune system and overall sense of well-being in a variety of ways.
Based on years of experience, D’OXYVA has continued developing microcirculation therapy. This process, unique to D’OXYVA, has demonstrated triggering protective

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.446222
Retrieved Text: Part of my passing the time while doing the laundry series.
This was the creation of the character called The Brain that would appear in many of my woodcuts .
He became less anthropomorphic as time went on (upper right image, taken from one of my woodcuts).
I save even the smallest doodles, they can have some great ideas that you may not be aware of at the time.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.391672
Retrieved Text: Top Sector Life Sciences & Health and industry partners together invest 49 million euros in the installation and implementation of clinical MRI scanners that not only visualize anatomy and physiology but metabolism as well.
Researchers from the Spinoza Centre, NIN and Amsterdam UMC are collaborating on research into the smallest blood vessels in human brain.
Emotion is the expression of what we feel. Emotion takes into account our cognitive abilities and drives our responses under given circumstances.
We investigate the ways in which we reach decisions, what happens when we are sleeping, or how the brain changes with aging. We are looking for people who are willing to undergo MRI sessions to help us in our research.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.035664
Retrieved Text: 10 Fun Facts About the Human Brain - Take the Quiz!
About how much does an adult human brain weigh?
The most complex part of your body is your brain, which is responsible for your intelligence, your senses, how your body moves, and how you behave. At birth, the human brain weighs just 1 pound. By elementary school age, it's up to 2 pounds, and it finally weighs in at about 3 pounds as an adult. The adult human brain is about the size of a grapefruit, shaped like a walnut, and is a pinkish-gray color. About 80% of the brain is water, 10% fats, and the remaining 10% is protein, carbohydrates, soluble organics, and salt. It has a consistency of soft gelatin. Thirty-six ounces - the equivalent of three full soda cans - of blood flows through the brain.
The brain goes to sleep when we do.
When we sleep, our brain is very active, and dreams occur. The difference between being awake and being asleep depends on which brain systems are activated at a given time. Chemicals in the brain called neurotransmitters act on different nerve cells (neurons) in the brain, telling the brain to fall asleep as well as communicating which parts will remain active while we sleep.
Sleep is also critical for brain functions that we use when we are awake, such as memory, concentration, coordination, creativity, and well-being. A good night's sleep can strengthen all these areas. Without adequate sleep, people often have difficulty functioning.
You use only 10 percent of your brain.
It's a myth that we

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.033012
Retrieved Text: Does fractal cavity resonator model conflict with circuit model of human brain?
António Egas Moniz theorized that mental illness was caused by nerve cells that couldn’t communicate properly and caused people to in pathological symptoms like mood disorder, sudden switching, panic and several other depression. He developed the lobotomy to try cut off the nerve fibers that he presumed facilitated the mental disorders. After experimenting on 19 patients, he reported that they did indeed improve, though they seemed to also lose crucial elements of their personality and creativity. It was a painful and a bad experiment, however, it does tell us that brain circuits do play a vital role in generating the conscious behavior.
When we develope our fractal cavity resonator model of the human brain, does it have any contradiction with the circuit model? Does it discard the cavity model? Here are some of the arguments which would establish that transmission of local density of states that we need in the molecular scale for the phase based information processing, we need the same at the centimeters scale. Then how would it be possible to transmit signal from one part of the brain to another, we need wiring. Therefore the same cavity resonator model which uses membrane based cavity made of proteins and ionic wave to generate the superposition of waves and interference of waves to create a pattern of vibrations, the save cavity principles work in the largest scale. We can never expect that at all scales we will be able to generate similar forms of vibrations

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.01466
Retrieved Text: Take the Human Body Quiz First! Before reading this FAQ, challenge yourself and Test your Knowledge!
A human's thumb is as long as his or her nose. True or False?
Speaking of humans, how many of us are in the U.S. right now?
A sneeze occurs at about 100 miles an hour. True or False?
Cells related to what divide remarkably faster than other cells in the body?
The smallest bone in the human body is about the size of what?
The smallest bones in the human body are found where?
We humans get an entirely new skeleton every 12 years. True or False?
Along with the smallest bones, the smallest muscles in the human body are found in the ears. True or False?
The word "pain" is rooted in a Latin word that means punishment. True or False?
Sweat is the main cause of body odor. True or False?
In a single day, one of your feet can sweat the equivalent of half a glass of water. True or False?
Q:What percentage of the human body is water?
A:66%. 66% of the human body is water.
Q:A human's thumb is as long as his or her nose. True or False?
A:True. Your thumb is the same length as your nose. Try it and find out if it's true.
Q:Speaking of humans, how many of us are in the U.S. right now?
A:300 million. According to the U.S. population clock on December 1, 2010, the U.S. Census Bureau says there are 310,828,459 people in America right now!
Q:A sneeze occurs at about 100 miles an hour. True or False?
A:True. Humans sneeze at the rate

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.932585
Retrieved Text: Want your kid to develop normally? Take a chill pill. Stress may affect the way your child’s brain develops, says a study published in the Journal of Neuroscience.
Researchers interviewed 61 children, ages 9 to 14, to assess the amount of stress exposure in their lives. The results: Brain scans showed that that a part of the brain believed to play a key role in working memory was smallest in children exposed to the most stress.
When a child’s nervous system is overstimulated by stress, cognitive growth suffers because their minds are not fully developed yet, says Lawrence Balter, Ph.D., a family psychologist and author of Not in Front of the Children.
Make your house a smoke-free zone and avoid drinking in front of them, says Balter. Although this isn’t true for every household, excessive drinking often leads to conflict. So if you can keep these vices out of the picture, not only will you eliminate potential trouble, you'll be setting a healthy example for them to follow, says Balter.
“The research shows that if you’re extremely controlling and negative, it’s going to backfire on you,” says Balter. Yelling and blaming kids when things go wrong only adds stress and keeps them from coming to you with their problems or slip-ups in the future. Your move? Change your approach. If they do something that is out of line, reprimand them. But let them have some say to defend or explain what happened, says Balter. Then explain to them why their actions were wrong, and break down why there have to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.915703
Retrieved Text: A number of regions in the frontal and parietal cortex show extreme domain generality, with a similar pattern of activity for many different kinds of cognitive demand. We call this multiple-demand or MD cortex.
Fedorenko E, Duncan J, Kanwisher N (2013) Broad domain generality in focal regions of frontal and parietal cortex. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 110:16616-16621.
The full unthresholded volume can be downloaded in Nifti format from this link.
The units are t-statistics from contrasts that isolate cognitive demand, averaged across the seven tasks. To create a symmetrical volume, data from left and right hemispheres were averaged, then projected back to both hemispheres. The figure below shows the main foci of the multiple demand system when this volume is thresholded at a value of t>1.5.
The next figure shows a parcellation into regions of interest (7 of 27 clusters are visible), after thresholding at t>1.5. If a cluster contained multiple peaks that also survived t>2.7, then the larger cluster was subdivided, assigning each voxel to the nearest subregion at the higher threshold.
A volume that assigns unique numerical labels to each of these regions of interest can be downloaded from here.
A similar network might be predicted in non-human primates, who readily perform similar tasks after training. Unfortunately, practical constraints of scanning behaving animals make it challenging to identify a macaque MD network using a similar method of combining domain-general responses to cognitive demand. However, co-activation of human MD regions during rest suggests an alternative strategy.
This first approximation of macaque frontoparietal MD regions can be downloaded in the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.854937
Retrieved Text: Part of my personal responsibility as a chiropractor is to share the amazing miracle of chiropractic with the people who happen into my life. I guess you could call me preachy haha, but I truly believe I am sharing the good news of health and wellness with the world.
No no, I am not witnessing through your neighborhood. You will not see me canvassing door to door with pamphlets and a finely pressed white shirt and black tie. I simply love sharing the knowledge that has been bestowed on me during my 30 plus years in this profession. I find it fundamental to a positive healthful life.
One way I attempt to convey chiropractic in its most simple form, is to describe the human body as a telephone. Strange? I know but bear with me, to be more specific it is the brain which is like a telephone and everybody knows any telephone is only as good as the wire that sends its signal.
Ever played that game where a message is distorted by x amount of carriers to reveal an entirely different phrase in the end? Have you ever been on a connection that keeps cutting out leaving you distraught and confused about a situation? If only there was a way to reaffirm a connection and assure communication.
This is chiropractic! Chiropractors serve as your physical telephone guy as the brain sends messages throughout the body via the spinal cord. Any simple damage to the cord in any part of the phone can dilute its messages. This is what

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.799248
Retrieved Text: The smallest cinema on Earth!
Puck is a caravan turned into a projection room which has inside a minuscule cinema, maybe the smallest cinema in the world. It can only t seven people at once.
Puck shows animation lms; those kinds of lms that we are not used to see on TV. It also selects lms from every part of the world looking among the endless artistic content which has produced that genre for a long time. The menu is varied but select and it is especially dedicated to the spirit. The main aim of this project is to intensify the passion for animation cinema or just to recover the cinema experience, particularly, enjoying for a moment the smallest but so great audiovisual work.
We are happy, we win the "Pom d'Or 2017" prize for our proposal Puck Cinema Caravana.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.564753
Retrieved Text: Have you ever for a moment thought about the actions you take are linked entirely to what your brain says. The doctors already know this and the common people also believe that too but still acts like they don’t know. All your actions that make you work as a normal function is linked to the orders of the brain. If your brain is not working properly, you can become handicapped. Even what I am typing now is related to what I am thinking. We think that most of our actions we do it unconsciously but our brain dictates what we do and how we should go about doing it. Even what we perceive that the other people are thinking about us is also linked with our brain. As the doctors say that when somebody is brain dead, he/she is actually dead and there is no way he/she can be brought back to life? Besides the heart which can withstand any pain or suffering, the brain is the main motherboard if you can of the human body. And since you cannot function without your heart, the same is true of brain. I have studied Psychology and it really tells you that the brain is the granddaddy of the human body and the chemicals in the brain acts to make us function. Even if you believe yourself as being powerful and superior you can just believe that you are just full of it and other people will think of you as being part of a delusional reality that

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.552105
Retrieved Text: Thanks to a neat evolutionary gimmick called unihemispheric sleep, some birds and aquatic mammals can remain wary even while snoozing.
This week we learned that crocodiles appear to sometimes sleep with one eye open, though that finding, neurologically speaking, needs to be confirmed with an EEG. The evolutionary trick is called unihemispheric sleep, where, essentially half an animal's brain sleeps while the other half remains awake, with the ability to keep an eye open for anything that looks like trouble. Crocs aren't the only creatures to exhibit the behavior, however. Some aquatic mammals and birds manage the feat as well. Let's take a look at a sampling of them.
Bottlenose dolphins know how to shut half their brain down and keep the other at the ready while sleeping. The awake part of the brain handles breathing and surfacing.
The cute, stub-headed beluga whale has exhibited unihemispheric sleep.
Porpoises breathe consciously and can switch off sides of their brain for sleep, which lets them stay aware of their breathing and surroundings, as well as any trouble that may be lurking.
The South American sea lion knows a thing or two about sleeping with half a brain.
The second-smallest of manatees, the amazonian variety, is another aquatic mammal that employs unihemispheric sleep. Not that the manatee in this picture feels like sleeping!
Even birds of prey, like this peregrine falcon, need to keep a watchful, half-asleep eye on things.
If it's in an area where predators may be near, the common blackbird can still get some rest while remaining alert.
The common blackbird has nothing on the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.455847
Retrieved Text: Although the main surgery for Parkinson's is deep brain stimulation, lesioning is another type of surgery available. However, this is now rarely used.
Lesioning involves making selective damage (a lesion) to cells in a target area of the brain.
The target site is found using a brain scan. An electrode is then inserted into the site and an electric current is passed through the tip.
The current is used to target some of the cells that control movement. Lesioning may reduce movement symptoms, such as tremor and involuntary movements (dyskinesia).
The lesion made is permanent and cannot be reversed.
This involves making a lesion in a part of the brain called the thalamus. This technique is now only used in rare cases.
The procedure is usually done on one side only, because bilateral thalamotomy (on both sides) is thought to be much more risky.
This involves making a lesion in a part of the brain called the globus pallidus.
The main benefit of this type of surgery is that it may reduce involuntary movements (dyskinesia), which can be a side effect of Parkinson's medication.
This involves making a lesion in a part of the brain called the subthalamic nucleus.
This technique has been performed by some neurosurgeons, mostly in countries where deep brain stimulation (DBS) surgery is not available.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.394081
Retrieved Text: Kempfenbrunn is a part of the municipality Flörsbachtal in the Hesse district Main-Kinzig-Kreis. The village is surrounded by forest in the Spessart about 14.5 km southeast of Bad Orb. The road 889 connects Kempfenbrunn with Mosborn, the smallest part of the municipality Flörsbachtal. Halfway you'll find the pond Pfingstweiher. The idyllic waters are composed of three ponds and is a popular destination in the region.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.381035
Retrieved Text: High quality with fine resolution define the iPS planning software from inomed. Areas of application include stereotactic interventions, such as DBS.
inomed uses the world's smallest multi-channel neurostimulator in its MER system. Use the additional modular micro module to record and analyze the complex local field potentials.
Functional and stereotactic neurosurgery is developing minimally invasive surgical procedures that make very complex treatments and interventions on the human brain possible. The implantation of a brain pacemaker, often the last chance of reducing the symptoms for people suffering from Parkinson's disease in an advanced stage, would be unthinkable without stereotactic devices and applications.
We at inomed are proud to be among the pioneers in this discipline. Our stereotactic systems >> in the field of neurosurgery are among the world's most widely used precision tools. Our systems date back to the early days of stereotactics and are used on all five continents. Through a consistent and continuous strategy of innovation that always focuses on collaboration with leading clinicians in the field of neurosurgery, we now have a unique product portfolio in functional and stereotactic neurosurgery. As a part of this drive to innovate, inomed has developed the world's smallest multi-channel neurostimulator, setting new standards in the market.
A thorough diagnosis is the top priority for functional neurosurgery and forms the basis for all additional therapies. Cranial interventions can be calculated precisely thanks to inomed’s state-of-the-art imaging procedures and transferred to a stereotactic device. Additional histopathological diagnoses allow for stereotactic tumor biopsy, the micro-electrode is used to derive neurophysiological target diagnostics, and RF thermolesion

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.330498
Retrieved Text: Are Excuses in the Way of the Practice (and Life!) You Really Want?
Ask yourself this question: “If I didn’t allow myself to make any excuses today, what would happen?”What is your reaction?
Now try this…Florence Nightingale, the woman credited with establishing the foundation for professional nursing, said, “I attribute my success to this—I never gave or took any excuse.” So, take a tip from this successful woman, and now imagine that you no longer make or accept excuses. Now what becomes possible?
Excuses are really just a simple way to prevent yourself from making a change or taking action. It’s the quickest and easiest way out of facing your fears, being courageous, setting a healthy boundary, making progress or trying something new. Now why would you do that?
Without excuses, you might take a risk. The risk could cost you security, reputation, pride, your ego, money, time and any number of uncomfortable outcomes. The “Reptilian” part of your brain responsible for keeping you safe and sound (your “Lizard”) is on the lookout for threats all the time—real or imagined.
For example, making another excuse for why you can’t phone today is “safer” according to your lizard. Your lizard is trying to prevent you from getting on the phone, having someone “reject you” and causing you to be cast out by the other humans. After all, staying close with your tribe is safer than being by yourself. This might sound ridiculous when it’s all spelled out, but your lizard brain is primitive and isn’t taking any chances.
To some degree every day,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.315786
Retrieved Text: My body has adjusted to the new schedule so I’m not waking up an hour, or more, for my 5:00 am wake-up call. Which means I’m rested and generally high energy during the day. Even better, I’m not tapped out at the end of the day and I have made it to the computer.
WiP particulars: finished the final add-on scene that caps off the new material needed. Next up is going through the following chunk. I’ve pulled those POV chapters out of the whole so I can re-read them all together and prepare my action plan for next week.
Speaking of my brain, it’s gone into overdrive while I’m at work. While the muse/boys in the basement aren’t thinking about the WIP, they sure have been taking the smallest things and offering up tantalizing nuggets. I may spend part of the weekend just playing with what they’ve offered up — a couple of which are things I can do with disconnected ideas needing that something more to make them usable. So, thanks brain!
Anywho, that’s it! Hanging in there. And looking forward to Ad Astra in two weeks! Booyah!
PS: Apologies to RSS users out there. I just posted (and back-dated) my last three writing-related Tumblr posts. They should get some love here, too, I think. I always feel like I’m cheating on WordPress by playing over on Tumblr and have considered forsaking WordPress entirely but I don’t think I have access to the same analytics as I do here. Not that it’s necessary now but in future, one

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.299479
Retrieved Text: In essence, sound funnels into the ear canal and causes the eardrum to vibrate. These vibrations are transmitted from the eardrum through the middle ear by three small bones to the cochlea, the main organ of hearing. The vibrations cause movement in the fluid which fills the cochlea. This movement in turn causes hair cells found in the cochlea to vibrate, creating nerve signals which are sent to the brain where they are interpreted. The hair cells at one end of the cochlea respond to slower frequencies, corresponding to lower pitched sounds, while the hair cells at the other end of the cochlea respond to faster frequencies or higher pitched sounds.
The ability to hear comes from your ears, but your ability to understand speech comes from your brain. There are basically three sections in this process; the ear, the nerves that take the signal from the ear to the brain and the brain itself.
You may be familiar with the old adage: "Use it or lose it!" The reality is that once you start losing your hearing, you also start losing your ability to understand what you are hearing. You don't actually "hear" a sound until the brain's hearing centers receive the electrical signals from the inner ear and properly processes those signals. Consequently, if those signals are missing or are diminished in quality, not only do the hearing nerves weaken over time, the hearing centers in the brain, if not used, also tend to weaken and atrophy. So, if you are experiencing hearing loss, DO NOT

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.286264
Retrieved Text: The four brain lobes – describes the different parts and functions of the cerebral cortex, the most sophisticated part of the brain.
The human brain is generally well protected from outside injury. It is firmly surrounded by three layers of membranes, encased in a rigid skull (the cranium), and covered by a muscular scalp. Each of these barriers to the brain is important, because brain tissue is fragile and can be unforgiving if injured.
Pia mater, a very fine membrane, and the only one directly lining the surface of the brain by following all the grooves. It provides nourishment to the brain through its many fine blood vessles.
The space between the arachnoid mater and the pia mater is filled with a fluid that provides nutrients as well as shock-absorption to the brain: the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). The CSF also surrounds the spinal cord and fills open spaces (ventricles) inside the brain. The amount of CSF that circulates around the brain normally stays the same. The CSF helps to maintain a constant pressure inside the skull, known as intracranial pressure (ICP).
We may think of the brain as one organ, but it actually consists of many different structures and areas, all of which have specific functions for your body and mind. Because of the large number of different structures, it is customary to describe functions of brain areas that summarize the function of all the different structures included. We can divide the brain into three main parts: the forebrain, midbrain and hindbrain.
The hind brain has as main structures the pons,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.142168
Retrieved Text: Patient Education - Fayetteville Vascular and Vein Center, P.A.
Angiogram: A diagnostic test requiring the insertion of a catheter into an artery or vein through, which dye is injected and x-rays are taken to view the adequacy of the circulation of the vessels viewed.
Anticoagulation: Any substance that prevents or slows the clotting of blood. Also known as “blood thinner”.
Aorta: The largest artery that supplies the body with oxygenated blood. The Aorta begins at the heart and travels down through the abdomen where it branches into smaller arteries supplying blood to the legs.
Artery: A blood vessel that carries oxygen-rich blood from the heart to the rest of the body.
Arteritis: Inflammatory process involving an artery which may cause an aneurysm or narrowing of the artery.
Atherosclerosis (Arteriosclerosis): The thickening and hardening of the arterial wall caused by the buildup of cholesterol and fatty deposits inside the artery.
Bypass: An operation in which an artificial tube or a length of vein taken from an area of the body is attached above and below the blocked artery or vein to circumvent the blockage and restore blood flow below.
Capillaries: The smallest vessels in the body that connect the ends of the smallest arteries to the beginning of the smallest veins.
Carotid Artery: The major artery that supplies the brain with arterial blood. There are two; one on each side of the neck. A blockage of one can cause either temporary symptoms of a stroke or can be the cause of a permanent stroke affecting the side of the body opposite the carotid blockage, i.e. occlusion

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.096764
Retrieved Text: Our aim is to go where no man has gone before! And already we’ve achieved it – being part of the team that discovered the long-sought Higgs boson in July 2012. The incredible discovery is one of the ways our researchers work to challenge our understanding of the universe, its laws and fundamental characteristics.
We have world-leading research programmes that reach from the smallest to the largest scales, from quarks to galaxies, through to challenges of pure mathematics.
Our particle and nuclear physicists are probing what happened an instant after the Big Bang; our astronomers and astro-seismologists are leading research into gravitational waves and ‘see’ inside the sun and other stars.
Our quantum physicists are developing new quantum materials – metamaterials – changing the way materials respond to light and microwaves; our computer scientists are establishing the mathematical foundations of computation and programming languages.
At the Centre for Computational Neuroscience and Cognitive Robotics, our scientists are conducting research on human cognition and robotic systems, leading to a better understanding of both brain function and advanced robotics.
Making important discoveries in fundamental science is exciting, but transferring them to the marketplace is always the goal. That is what we do at the College of Engineering and Physical Sciences – and will continue to do. We have the opportunity to revolutionise manufacturing processes and product design to transform the way we live. It’s an opportunity we relish.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.081123
Retrieved Text: Sometimes the smallest things can make the biggest difference – literally. And while it sounds like something out of a science-fiction novel, it’s possible that, in the future, a tiny chip will make a huge difference in the lives of individuals with Alzheimer’s disease and other dementias.
A recent study done by researchers at Ohio State University has shown that deep brain stimulation can be used to help slow the decline of decision-making and problem-solving skills in people living with dementias, specifically Alzheimer’s disease.
Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) has been used for many years to treat disorders such as major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, Parkinson’s disease, chronic pain and others. The procedure works by surgically implanting a neurostimulator (also known colloquially as a ‘brain pacemaker’) directly into the brain. This ‘pacemaker’ then sends electrical impulses to specific targets.
While the reason why DBS works is still unclear, what is clear is that it has significant therapeutic benefits for many disorders that are otherwise resistant to treatment. Scientists speculate that the electrical impulses somehow cause brain cells to work better, or they help to block signals that are interfering with normal brain function. Regardless of the hows and whys, DBS has been shown to directly change brain activity in a controlled manner, and it also has the added benefit of being reversible (unlike other brain treatments that change the physical makeup of the brain).
The Ohio State University study, which was published January 2018 in the Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease, was undertaken to evaluate how DBS would work in the frontal lobe

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.016693
Retrieved Text: Why not try out the popular brain teaser Minion Lab today? In Minion Lab, you need to put the minions on buttons of the same colour. Once a minion is sent in a certain direction, it won’t stop until it clashes with something. This means you need to block the path with obstacles and other minions so they can reach the right destination. However, you need to achieve this with the smallest number of moves possible. Earn three stars in all levels to gain victory. Why not do what scores of happy gamers have done and play Minion Lab online today?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.991325
Retrieved Text: The brain does not just change in childhood, but continues changing all through life. Doidge explains some of the recent work in neuroscience that proves this welcome finding. He tells stories of people who have recovered from serious strokes and other brain damage, and writes about people who are chronologically old but manage to keep themselves mentally young through constantly challenging their brains. In his descriptions of people with brain disorders, Doidge is sympathetic and clear, and his accounts of their improved conditions through hard work and scientific discovery are uplifting. He manages to explain the complexities of modern neuroscience in simple enough terms for the lay reader to understand. Much of the book is fascinating and some of the stories are amazing; people who seemed irreparably damaged overcome their condition by training their brains to get a different part of the brain to do a job previously done by the damaged part. The main problem is that Doidge does little to separate out established fact and speculation. He reports the results of experiments, which seem reasonably certain. On the other hand, he talks about theories of how the brain works and how behavioral and emotional patterns become set, and he provides little or no evidence to support them. This is especially true when he engages in psychoanalytic theory about sexuality and other parts of life. Despite Freud's early embracing of a reductionist psychology that focused on the brain, there has long been a war between psychoanalytic approaches and brain based approaches, and at this stage,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.973436
Retrieved Text: Let $R(r,k)$ denote the number of partitions of the natural number $r$ into $k$ parts.
If the smallest part of a partition of $r$ into $k$ parts is $1$, then removing the smallest part leaves a partition of $r-1$ into $k-1$ parts. If the smallest part is more than $1$, the reducing each part by $1$ leaves a partition of $r-k$ into $k$ parts.
Take a partition of $n$ into $r$ parts, and reduce the size of each part by $1$. What remains is a partition of $n-r$ into $m$ parts, for some number $m$ between $1$ and $r$.
I would say that you can prove that using generating functions.
Then, if you see that this identities have the same generating function, you are done.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.9651
Retrieved Text: I thank Ekaterina, coordinator of Bookimed, for their promptness and empathy. A week after the treatment, my daughter (diagnosed with a brainstem tumor) offered treatment in Korea. We have a chance! Thank you to the center for what you are!
The Neurosurgery Department in Samsung Clinic (Seoul, South Korea) specializes in the surgical treatment of the brain and spinal cord diseases.
Here, patients with pituitary adenoma, cavernoma, brain tumors are treated.
CT and positron emission computer tomography (PET-CT) are used for the diagnosis. Treatment is provided with surgical method. During the procedure, doctors use the device for intraoperative computed tomography. It allows to remove even the smallest tumors (within a millimeter). Inoperable tumors are irradiated with the Gamma Knife devise.
Each year, Samsung neurosurgeons perform 1,500 operations with 93% success rate.
Wellton Hospital is a specialized international medical center in the following areas: total hip and knee replacement and arthroscopy, which is located in Seoul, near to Kimpo Airport. The hospital founded in 2003, Director of Wellton Hospital and chief physician is Song Sang Ho.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.917902
Retrieved Text: Congested energy can lodge in your brain just as any other part of your body. Some of this energy comes from old wounds, the people around you, and other lifetimes.
Your brain is powerful and fragile at the same time. Congested energy can lodge in it, interfering with the flow of energy and the manufacture of needed neurotransmitters.
Amma the Divine Mother is the feminine aspect of God. She and Abba, Father God, are the creative forces of The Universe. Amma shares strategies to assist us in handling the energies of the planet. She assists in balancing your Encodements.
Your Encodements are your smallest energy structures. They make up everything, even molecules. In this workshop, called an Encodement Intensive, you join amazing Spiritual Beings to co-create the balancing of your energy field and strengthening of your brain.
You will receive a transcript of the Intensive, as well as a recording. With these tools you will be able to repeat the Encodement Intensive as often as needed for a stronger energy field quickly and easily.
You will work with your Healing Team, Angels and Guides, Spiritual Support System and your Soul Self to co-create your energy field. You are an active part of the process while you allow your Healing Team to make adjustments which will assist in improving the energy of your brain.
You don't need to know anything... just allow.
There is much discord in the world. Technology allows you to be more connected to the emotions, thoughts and activities of others. You become more susceptible to taking on the energy of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.917442
Retrieved Text: VIDEO: What are the main causes of traumatic brain injuries?
Home » NEWS AND VIDEOS » VIDEO: What are the main causes of traumatic brain injuries?
By montero|2017-04-21T18:43:01-04:00August 3rd, 2012|Uncategorized|Comments Off on VIDEO: What are the main causes of traumatic brain injuries?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.836561
Retrieved Text: Could the Chicago Water Tower be the smallest museum in the City? Perhaps this is why many people don’t know something lies inside this Chicago landmark.
If you’re wondering what local’s favorite spots are in the city make sure to stop by Revival Food Hall where their all-local food options celebrate Chicago’s culinary presence.
After hiking along Michigan Avenue, travel inside the Water Tower Place shopping center to break a mental sweat inside this store full of toys for your brain.
No equipment required, the Chicago Athletic Association is the spot for competitive spirits to get their game on and grab a bite.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.814577
Retrieved Text: Home Anatomy What is the Smallest Cell in the Human Body?
Human Sperm Cell – 5 x 3 micrometers. The flagellum is up to 50 micrometers long.
Human Granule Cell; a cell in the cerebellum, hippocampus, olfactory bulb (relays smell information to the brain) and the cerebral cortex – one source sites 10 micrometers; another sites 4-4.5 micrometers.
Red Blood Cell – a cell responsible for distributing oxygen in the body measures 4.5-8.5 micrometers. The red blood cell is, however incapable of reproduction as it lacks a nucleus. All of its energy is needed to bind oxygen to hemoglobin to keep all of our cells alive, so when it is generated in the bone marrow and released into circulation, it loses its nucleus.
Want to know what is the biggest cell in the human body?

================



======= Instance Index 3889 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Proteins are formed when hundreds or even thousands of amino acids form amide bonds to make polymers. Proteins play a crucial role in living organisms. A carbohydrate is a compound that has the general formula Cn(H2O)n. Many carbohydrates are relatively small molecules, such as glucose:.


Q: What are proteins made up of?

 Choices:

- amino acids

- lewis acids

- detected acids

- atoms acids

A:

Target Text: amino acids

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.794338
Retrieved Text: Protein complexes are intricate biomolecules, used in essentially every task carried out by cells. Rebecca Voorhees, assistant professor of biology and biological engineering and Heritage Medical Research Institute Investigator, is fascinated by how proteins are made, the cellular quality control mechanisms that destroy defective or unnecessary proteins, and how these mechanisms malfunction during diseases like cancer.
Voorhees joined the Caltech faculty this year and most recently was named a 2018 Pew-Stewart Scholar. We sat down with her to discuss the life cycle of proteins, the state-of-the-art microscopes crucial to her work, and life back in the United States after 10 years in England.
Broadly, we are trying to understand two related areas of biology: protein biogenesis—how proteins are made, how they get to the right places in the cell, how they are assembled—and what happens when these processes fail. How does the cell recognize when something has gone wrong? How does it degrade a bad protein to prevent disease?
Proteins can't be seen with regular microscopes. What kind of equipment do you use to study them?
To look at protein structure, our laboratory uses X-ray crystallography—where you shoot X-rays through a crystallized sample and observe how they scatter—and cryo-electron microscopy, or cryo-EM. Cryo-EM allows us to take detailed images of a protein at very, very cold temperatures. Caltech has actually just set up a new facility with two cryo-EM microscopes, which is really critical and exciting for my research and for others at Caltech interested in protein structure and molecular mechanisms.
Are there specific kinds of proteins you focus on?
We are

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.743715
Retrieved Text: What's made by insects and is stronger than steel? Spider silk, that's what, and Dr. Anna Rising and Jan Johansson, researchers at the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences and the Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm, are trying to make it artificially.
RISING: Well, spider silk is made up of proteins, and these proteins are then assembled into a fiber, and it is the binding between the proteins that makes the silk so tough.
SIMON: Now, by making artificial spider silk, are you are you putting hard-working spiders out of business?
RISING: (Laughter) No, I don't think so anyway because it's really, really laborious to reel the silk from spiders. They are territorial, and they are cannibalistic, so you can't really house them. So what you have to do is to produce the silk artificially using bacteria to produce the proteins for you.
Science fiction fans recall a variety of different kinds of spider silk used for its strength in applications in space and on Earth; for example, consider the synthetic spider silk from Misfit, a classic 1939 story by Robert Heinlein.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.43312
Retrieved Text: Proteins are essential macronutrients that perform important functions for the proper functioning of our organism. Proteins are essential in our diet and it cannot be produced by our organism by itself, so they must be acquired through food.
What are the proteins made of?
Proteins are molecules made up of amino acids. They contain carbon, hydrogen and oxygen. But they also contain nitrogen. Proteins represent about half of the weight of our body’s tissues and are present in all the cells of our organism.
What do proteins serve for?
Proteins play a fundamental role in our organism. They are necessary for the formation and repair of muscles, bones or other tissues. They also transport nutrients such as lipids (lipoproteins), vitamins or minerals. In addition, proteins protect our body by forming antibodies to prevent diseases. They are the engine that helps our body to be in motion, but they are not the “fuel” (carbohydrates do play this role).
We could find proteins especially in animal nutrients such as meat, fish, eggs and milk. But we can also find them in certain vegetables, such as soybeans, legumes and cereals. Therefore, there are two types of proteins: of animal origin and of plant origin.
The amount of protein that we ingest will vary depending on the physical effort we accomplish. Nevertheless, the DRI (Dietary Reference Intake) is 0.8 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight or 0.36 grams per pound.
Proteins in sports are very important because our body increases the amount of proteins contributions since it needs a greater number of amino acids to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.385208
Retrieved Text: Dietary proteins can be divided into two general categories, one being from animal sources and the other from plants. Animal proteins are those from meat, fish, eggs and dairy while plant proteins are found in nuts, grains, seeds and legumes.
All proteins (that’s both animal and plant proteins, as well as the proteins in our body) can be broken down into smaller units called amino acids. These amino acids are what link together, in various combinations, to make different proteins. There are 20 unique amino acids that are utilized by humans, 11 of which can be made by our body and 9 of which cannot. Those 9 amino acids that cannot be made by the body are considered "essential". These essential amino acids must be obtained through diet.
For those following a strict vegan diet (i.e. those consuming no animal products whatsoever), a little effort must be taken to ensure all essential amino acids are obtained. The good news is that plant proteins are not completely devoid of essential amino acids, they just may be low or lacking in specific ones. Even better news is that while some are low in certain essential amino acids, others are not. You can get all the amino acids you need by eating a variety of plant-based proteins throughout the day. That means choosing a diet that includes nuts, seeds, legumes and whole grains, along with a balance of fruits and veggies. This should be enough to provide the body with a complete amino acid pool from which to make proteins.
There was

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.169008
Retrieved Text: Before I get started I want to start with the reasons why DNA is so important.
I mentioned that we’re all made of cells in a previous post. These cells are regularly dividing to form new cells, either to let us grow (as a child) or to replace old and used up cells.
A similar process happens during reproduction. We put two half cells together to make a brand new cell, which is an unborn child (this will then grow into a full blown adult).
So here was the first answer: Proteins.
I have mentioned how proteins are what allow us to do what we want to do and make us who we are. This is because proteins are functional and do things. Therefore if a cell has proteins that are specific to muscles, that cell must be a muscle cell.
Likewise if a cell has proteins that are specific to humans, then that cell is a human cell.
N.B. Some proteins are not specific and can be found in all animals, and all cells. (although there are usually some slight variations that don’t make much of a difference).
What defines which proteins are made?
Almost everything about us, how we are made, how we connect each part of our body together, how each organ is allowed to function, is defined by the DNA.
DNA tells us which proteins, and where. Without DNA, we wouldn’t exist.
Because of this it is often referred to as, quite accurately, the ‘code of life‘. If you could read what the DNA said, you would have all the information you

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.074535
Retrieved Text: Beginning within the nucleus, the first step leading to the synthesis of a polypeptide is _____.
Pancreatic cells, which secrete a large amount of digestive enzymes, are labeled with radioactive leucine and then chased for several hours with nonradioactive leucine. Photographic emulsions are prepared at different times during the chase. Where would the black spots appear on an emulsion prepared 3 hours after the pulse?
What path does a protein in the secretory pathway take, starting from its site of synthesis?
During a pulse-chase experiment, photographic emulsions were prepared at different times during the chase, and radioactive spots were detected at the following times and locations: 5 minutes: rough ER; 10 minutes: Golgi apparatus; 40 minutes: endosomes; 70 minutes: lysosomes; 140 minutes: lysosomes. Which of the following conclusions can be drawn from these results?
A. The final destination of the proteins was the lysosome.
B. The proteins were secreted.
C. The proteins traveled from lysosomes to endosomes.
D. The proteins did not travel through the Golgi apparatus.
What scientific hypotheses can be tested by a pulse-chase experiment?
True or false? Proteins produced during the "chase" phase of a pulse–chase experiment are labeled with radioactive material.
What is the first step in a pulse-chase experiment?
_____ are surface appendages that allow a bacterium to stick to a surface.
The DNA-containing region of this bacterial cell is indicated by the letter _____.
In a bacterium, where are proteins synthesized?
What name is given to the rigid structure, found outside the plasma membrane, that surrounds and supports the bacterial cell?
The _____ is the bacterial structure that acts as a selective barrier, allowing nutrients

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.070702
Retrieved Text: Some proteins cost more in terms of energy for cells to produce than others. The bacterium Escherichia coli 'spends' more on proteins that will be used and recycled internally than on proteins that are secreted from the cell and lost to the environment, researchers at the University of Michigan have learned.
These organisms "spend" more on proteins that will be used and recycled internally than on proteins that are secreted from the cell and lost to the environment, said graduate student Daniel Smith, lead author of a paper published online in the open access journal mBio.
Proteins are made up of building blocks called amino acids, which vary in size, complexity and chemical characteristics. These differences make some amino acids cheaper for cells to produce than others. Proteins made of mostly cheap amino acids are therefore less costly to the organism than are proteins composed of more energetically expensive amino acids. This much is obvious, but the connection between a protein's location and its expense has not been appreciated until now.
Smith became interested in protein economics while studying a bacterial protein called CsgA, a major component of curli (fibers that decorate the surfaces of E. coli and certain other bacteria and are thought to be involved in causing illness). CsgA is rich in glycine, a cheaply produced amino acid, so CsgA also should be inexpensive for bacteria to produce. But exactly how cheap?
To find out, Smith and co-author Matthew Chapman, an associate professor of molecular, cellular and developmental biology, first looked up previously tallied synthetic costs of all

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.012173
Retrieved Text: You can create printable tests and worksheets from these Continuing Education Chemistry questions! Select one or more questions using the checkboxes above each question. Then click the add selected questions to a test button before moving to another page.
Proteins are made of amino acid .
Sugars, starches, and cellulose belong to which major class of biological molecules?
The building blocks of macromolecules.
What is the most abundant element in the human body?
In general, phenols are .
[math](CH_2O)_n[/math] is the molecular formula for which type of macromolecules?
What do we call the monomers that make up polysaccharides?
Proteins are large molecules made up of individual amino acids.
Polysaccharide is another name for which type of macro molecules?
Animals store glucose in the form of .
Consider the formation of hemiacetal cyclic form of glucose from the aldehyde form of glucose. The oxygen atom that becomes a part of the "OH" group on the #1 carbon atom in the cyclic form was originally, in the aldehyde form, .
Of the following molecules, which are insoluble in water?
Enzymes are proteins that help chemical reactions occur faster.
is a structural carbohydrate found in plant cell walls.
The general formula R-O-R' represents .
Consider the following statements about the cyclohexane ring: Which are True?
Molecules having the same molecule formula but different structural formulas are .

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.956392
Retrieved Text: There are four main types of biomolecules: carbohydrates, proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids. These biomolecules make up the cells that make up organisms and are responsible for the mechanisms within the body. Carbohydrates are composed of carbons, hydrogens, and oxygens. Monosaccharides bond to form oligosaccharides that can be bound to cell surface proteins to aid in cell signaling. Proteins are made up of amino acids, which are composed of a central carbon bound to an amino group, a carboxyl group, and a variable "R" group. The R group can be nonpolar, polar without charge, negatively charged, or positively charged, and the polarity of the R group will influence how different amino acids interact intramolecularly or intermolecularly with other molecules. On the other hand, lipids are made up of mainly hydrocarbons and are therefore insoluble in water. The saturation of different lipids vary, affecting the solidity of the lipid at room temperature. Fully saturated lipids have carbons saturated with hydrogens, while unsaturated lipids have double bonds between carbons, resulting in less surrounding hydrogens. Lastly, nucleic acids are composed of nucleotides that consist of a sugar ring, a phosphate group, and a nitrogenous base. The most recognized nucleic acid is DNA, and in DNA, nucleotide phosphate groups and sugars form phosphodiester bonds that make up the sugar-phosphate backbone. The nitrogenous bases form hydrogen bonds across the two strands of DNA to form the DNA ladder.
Specify that carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen are molecules, saying "carbons, hydrogens, and oxygens" sounds a bit funky.
After completing the summary of what the biomolecules

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.529335
Retrieved Text: Firstly, some basic information (in case you did not know) – all living organisms are made up of cells. Inside the cell is a nucleus which contains nearly all the genetic material of an organism. This genetic material is ‘packaged’ into organised structures called Chromosomes. DNA (De-oxyribo Nucleic Acid), which has a double helix geometric structure lies in these chromosomes. Four chemical substances form the bases for the DNA – and genes are supposed to be made of definite sequences of these bases [guanine (G), thymine (T), cytosine (C) and adenine (A)] on the DNA, which in turn are supposed to code for production of particular proteins. A plant starts its life as a single cell, an egg that has been fertilised by sperm. This first cell (Zygote) divides many times to form the tissues and organs characteristic of the species. As the development proceeds, cells differentiate themselves. For example, cells in the leaves become distinct from the cells in the root. Most of these differences can be attributed to changes in the kinds and amounts of proteins made in the cells, because many of the structures in cells are made of proteins and most of the processes that occur in cells are influenced by enzymes which are also proteins. Though several thousand different proteins are present in the cell, they vary in quantity; also, some proteins are found in all kinds of cells at all times in development whereas other proteins are in a particular tissue (or) at a specific time. Some proteins are made

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.395542
Retrieved Text: Now let’s review some information on solutions.
What is the true or molecular solution?
It is a homogenous molecular mixture of two or more substances.
What is the solvent in biological systems?
For a solute to interact with water, it must have certain characteristics. Solutes must show some degree of what or what to interact with water?
Solutes must show some degree of polarity or charge to interact with water.
What process makes small, inorganic compounds soluble in water?
How are organic compounds made soluble in water?
Organic compounds are made soluble in water by binding with alcoholic hydroxyl groups, ionization and salt formation.
There are large organic molecules that have both water and lipid soluble portions. How are they valuable in biological systems? Here’s a clue: they form special carriers for fat in plasma.
They serve as an interface between organic compounds that are soluble in water and organic compounds that are not soluble in water.
Student Doctor, please pause the tape and summarize the information discussed so far on solutions.
A true or molecular solution is a homogenous molecular mixture of two or more substances. Water is the solvent in biological systems. Solutes must show some degree of polarity or charge to interact with water. Ionization makes small inorganic compounds soluble in water. Organic compounds are made soluble in water by binding with alcoholic hydroxyl groups, ionization, and salt formation. Large organic molecules that have both water soluble and lipid soluble portions serve as an interface between organic compounds that are soluble in water and organic compounds that are not soluble in water.
What kind of solution

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.383116
Retrieved Text: Meg has taught college-level science. She holds a Ph.D. in biochemistry.
From everyday man-made items like milk jugs and styrofoam to natural proteins and plant materials, the world is full of polymers! Check out this lesson to learn how polymers are constructed on a molecular level.
In this lesson, we're going to be talking about monomers and polymers. You may not know it, but polymers are something that you interact with every single day. You can find them in the plastic milk jug that you drunk out of this morning or in the fleece jacket that you're wearing. You can find them in the trees outside your window. You can also find them in your own body as proteins.
What I mean when I say polymer is a long chain molecule that is made up of many smaller units or that is made from many smaller units. Each unit is called a monomer or single, while polymers are many. Each unit can be combined to make a many unit molecule, or polymer.
In the case of the plastic milk jug that we talked about, it's made up of polyethylene. Polyethylene is made up of a smaller molecule called ethylene, which is four hydrogen atoms with two carbon atoms connected with a double bond. Now, this is pretty amazing to think about, because ethylene is a gas at room temperature. Instead of just relying on these ethylene molecules to get together and make something interesting for us, we take these molecules and cram them into a small container to pressurize them,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.300667
Retrieved Text: Respiration occurs in every cell of your body. To understand respiration you maty need to find out more about cells and how they work. Do you know what the major organelles of the cell are called, and what each of these structures does?
Click on the labels around the cell if you want to find out more!
When you look inside a cell you see many different structures called organelles. Each organelle has a function of its own, allowing the cell to live and work within our bodies.
The cell membrane packages up the cell and all its organelles. Water, energy, and nutrients enter the cell, and waste material leaves the cell through the cell membrane.
The cytoplasm of a cell is not really an organelle - it is the fluid the organelles are bathed in. It contains proteins, sugars and other substances that help the cell function properly.
Vacuoles are storage areas. They are surrounded by membranes and filled with liquid or solid material. Vacuoles are much bigger in plant cells.
The golgi body (or the golgi apparatus) makes some of the chemicals produced within the cell. It also collects and packages chemicals for transport to different parts of the cell.
Lysosomes contain enzymes that break down cell material (if these enzymes were not contained within lysosomes, they would eat away the cell). When organelles have 'died' they are surrounded by the lysosome and broken down by the enzymes.
There are thousands of ribosomes inside a cell. They are found in the cytoplasm, in mitochondria and they make endoplasmic reticulum rough. Ribosomes make

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.289175
Retrieved Text: Medical doctors require proof of a technologies claim of regeneration with verification by MRI. Few companies would dare expose themselves to this type of review.
Presented below are MRI’s of before treatment and after treatment. The proof that professionals require.
Arthrogen GOLDIC is not a drug! GOLDIC activates the up-regulation autologous proteins from the patient’s blood from 10 to 1000 times in 24 hours of incubation. It is these proteins when injected that stimulate site-specific Stem Cell Production, Up-Regulation of Site-Specific Cells, and other Proteins, these causes regeneration.
The precise function and regulation of the cells cytoskeleton are critical to the success of the healing process, and its manipulation may, therefore, facilitate regenerative healing and not scar tissue. 90% of the cells cytoskeleton is made of Actin. The Gelsolin Protein in Blood binds Actin to build healthy regenerated tissue. Arthrogen Goldic Upregulates Gelsolin by up to 10 times without side effects . PRP, IRAP, Stem Cells, Laser, Cytowave or Shockwave Therapies Do Not.
To regenerate injuries and prevent scar tissue development, regeneration proteins from blood (illustrated below), must be up-regulated. Arthrogen GOLDIC up-regulates in 24 hours of incubation the specific proteins necessary that feed the injured cells what is needed for regeneration.
Arthrogen is a young biotechnology company specializing in the development of effective methods and technologies for the treatment of degenerative and inflammatory diseases. The products and methods of Arthrogen are based on stimulating the body’s own proteins, growth factors, and cytokines such that the body can repair injured or damaged tissue itself. These technologies are protected by worldwide patents.
Arthrogen

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.2615
Retrieved Text: Parenting >> blog >> Parenting >> How to Get Proteins from Vegetarian Diet?
Protein! Protein! And loads of protein!. Why do you think I am trying to emphasize so much on the macronutrient protein? The reason is proteins are an imperative part of the daily diet. From a bowl of dal till curd, the list of protein-rich foods seems to be endless. But before we move on to why proteins are important for your little one.
Proteins -- the building blocks -- are one of the essential foods that your child requires for healthy growth. But how do you get that daily requirement of proteins from your vegetarian diet? Our nutritionist Huda Shaikh shares some foods rich in proteins for vegetarians.
Proteins are large complex molecules which are necessary for various bodily functions. The interesting part is that proteins are made up of hundreds and thousands of amino acids which are attached to each other in the form of long chains. What’s more? There are 20 different amino acids which can be combined together to form proteins. Proteins are required for the proper functioning of cells and also for structure, function, and regulation of the body’s tissues and organs.
Why Does Your Child Require Protein?
Proteins as stated as required for various bodily functions. Here is why proteins must be an important component of your child’s diet.
Proteins facilitate in proper wound healing since your child would run around and hurt himself someday or the other, it’s imperative that protein is given in good quantities to your little one.
How Can A Vegetarian

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.259127
Retrieved Text: Hearing is made possible when hair bundles protruding from the tops of hair cells capture the energy of sound waves, converting them into electrical signals that stimulate the auditory nerve to the brain. These hair bundles are made up of individual hair-like projections, or stereocilia, which sway in unison with other stereocilia, and remain permanently with us throughout our lives. Extremely loud noise can force whipsaw motion of the stereocilia, causing them to be damaged and the resulting hearing loss to be permanent. The prevailing theory had been that these hair bundles were made up of cellular scaffolding proteins that do not change or circulate.
Scientists at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine have discovered that the movement of protein within hair cells of the inner ear shows signs of a repair and renewal mechanism.
The investigator's findings will be showcased as the cover paper in the Nov. 17 edition of Cell Reports and are available now in the online edition of the journal. The discovery paves the way for one day therapeutically manipulating the movement of these proteins in a way that could reverse hearing loss, a condition that affects approximately 15 percent of Americans between the ages of 20 and 69.
"What was surprising in our research with zebrafish is that proteins move so rapidly, implying that protein movement may be required to maintain the integrity of hair bundles in the inner ear," said senior author Brian McDermott, PhD, associate professor of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine. "Our research tells

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.174946
Retrieved Text: The ultimate goal of structural bioinformatics research is to provide a complete structural map of all macromolecules and their interactions within a cell. Knowledge about the structure of proteins and other macromolecules is essential for our understanding of biological processes. Proteins do most of the work in a cell and therefore the studies of proteins structure has been an essential part of life science research during the last decades. The rapid growth of determined protein structures has made it possible to build homology models for many proteins.
However, surprisingly the exponential reduction in sequencing costs has also been fundamental for the progress since it allows more distant homologies to be detected and nowadays be used to predict contacts in proteins reliably. Here, I will describe our work on the development of our contact predictor, PconsC. By using a combination of direct coupling analysis, classical machine learning and deep learning approaches we are now able to accurately predict the contacts of protein families with as little as 100 effective sequences.
Futher, most proteins do not act alone but through interactions with other proteins (and other molecules). Therefore, it is essential to understand not only the structure of a protein but also its interactions. Here, systems biology approaches are often used to understand what interactions are made but these studies mostly ignore the atomistic details about the interactions, i.e. how, the interactions are made. Also here the accurate prediction of inter-residue contacts can provide valuable information. I will discuss the outlook for how contact prediction can be used here.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.089077
Retrieved Text: The very first question people ask me when I talk about my whole food plant-based diet is, “What do you eat for protein?” This is a great concern (only when someone says they are a vegan), as our bodies are made up of 20% protein and all of our metabolic processes rely on the amino acids that make up the proteins that we eat.
Many people find animal proteins superior to the plant based proteins because they contain all essential amino acids. But, there are a plant-based proteins that contain all essential amino acids – quinoa, buckwheat, soy, chia, and hempseed. With the mindset of variety, a plant based eater can come away with the correct daily amount of protein and amino acids (.4 grams of protein/ 1 lbs of weight), plus the appropriate amount of fiber, minerals, vitamins, antioxidants and fewer grams of cholesterol, antibiotics, and carcinogens.
The quinoa and black beans that were added to the mason jar salads gives me 15 grams of protein. Not to mention the cup of spinach already adding 5 more grams.
While many people think it is difficult to consume enough protein as a vegan or vegetarian (or a plant based eater)- IT ISN’T!
The key is a plant based protein mindset – eat a variety of whole foods, focus on opportunities to add-in high protein plant food, and avoid the processed snacks and refined foods.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.034132
Retrieved Text: Blog - Amino Acids; What Are You Really Made Out Of?
Amino Acids; What Are You Really Made Out Of?
When people talk about the individual person’s body and their uniqueness, people tend to think of things like DNA and chromosomes, but the body is not made up of either. DNA is the blueprint of the body, but, just as you cannot live inside of the blueprint of a house, you cannot live as a giant mass of DNA. The wood and bricks of the body are amino acids and the proteins they make up.
DNA contain the instructions on how the amino acids and protein are to be assembled to create and maintain the body, which is important since the majority of your body (minus the water) is made up of over 50,000 types of protein.
All proteins break down into small units called Amino Acids. These are the building blocks of protein and are the end products of protein digestion. Some of these proteins include enzymes, antibodies, skin, hormones, connective tissues, muscles and blood.
Amino acids pass unchanged through the intestinal wall and into the portal vein, then through the liver, and then into the general blood circulation. The tissues absorb the amino acids from the blood stream to make proteins. When specific amino acids are ingested in supplements form, their effect on tissues is more pronounced than when they are obtained from protein digestion that occurs with food intake. This pronounced effect is even further enhanced when specific amino acids are ingested between meals, thereby avoiding anabolic competition

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.99882
Retrieved Text: Phosphate, chemical formula PO43-, is a chemical compound made up of one phosphorus and four oxygen atoms. When it is attached to a molecule containing carbon, it is called a phosphate group. It is found in the genetic material DNA and RNA, and is also in molecules such as adenosine triphosphate (ATP) that provide energy to cells. Phosphates can form phospholipids, which make up the cell membrane. Phosphate is also an important resource in ecosystems, especially in freshwater environments.
This figure depicts a phosphate group.
DNA and RNA, the genetic material of all living things, are nucleic acids. They are made up of nucleotides, which in turn are made up of a nitrogenous base, a 5-carbon sugar, and a phosphate group. The 5-carbon sugar and the phosphate group of each nucleotide attaches to form the backbone of DNA and RNA. When nucleotides are not attached to other nucleotides to form part of DNA or RNA, two more phosphate groups are attached.
Phosphate groups are important in activating proteins so that the proteins can perform particular functions in cells. Proteins are activated through phosphorylation, which is the addition of a phosphate group. Protein phosphorylation occurs in all forms of life. Dephosphorylation, the removal of a phosphate group, deactivates proteins.
Adenosine triphosphate, or ATP, is the main source of energy in cells. It is made up of adenosine and three phosphate groups, and the energy derived from ATP is carried in the phosphates’ chemical bonds. When these bonds are broken, energy is released. ATP is formed when the molecule ADP (adenosine diphosphate)

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.939413
Retrieved Text: Proteins are made up of amino acids which are joined together by peptide bonds.
Amino acids are amphoteric in nature as it contains an amino group (-NH2) and a carboxyl group (-COOH).
Structure of protein is determined by the number of amino acids and their kind and order in which they arranged in the polypeptide chain.
Proteins are globular or fibrous in shape.
Globular proteins play a functional role and fibrous protein plays a structural role.
Protein is the main constituent of enzymes which are responsible for biochemical reactions in cells.
It helps in respiration process by transport of oxygen.
Nucleic acids are polynucleotide made up of by joining two or more nucleotide unit together.
Each nucleotide is made up of three sub units – sugar, nitrogenous base and phosphoric acid.
Sugar is pentose type where DNA contains Deoxyribose sugar and RNA contains rebose sugar.
Phosphoric acid is associated with phosphate.
Nucleoside is then attached with phosphoric acid by ester bond and forms nucleotide.
Nucleotide joins together by phspho-di-ester bond and forms a chain of nucleotide called as polynucleotide.
RNA contains one polynucleotide chain whereas DNA contains two polynucleotide chains.
It acts as a currency of energy in cell in form of ATP.
They are responsible for inheritance inc all organism.
Example-1: Which of the following is not present in DNA?
Answer: DNA does not contain Uracil.
Example-3: Which of the following is the building block of proteins?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.836107
Retrieved Text: A 3D rendering of a protein generated by an algorithm based on machine learning. protein structure with a resolution of 0.28 nm. It was generated in just 70 min analysing 49,954 2D images obtained by a cryo-Electron Microscope. Credit: Structura Biotechnology Inc.
Proteins are fundamental to life on our Planet, and are also crucial in our wellbeing (and that goes as well for all life on Earth). Proteins interact in ways that are dependant on their "shape": contrary to what it would be normally expected their properties are not a consequence of the "stuff" (atoms) they are made of but solely of their shape (which in turns have to do with the atoms forming them although it is more than that).
Hence it is very important to understand their shape but this is extremely complex. A protein is made up of thousands of atoms and has a very convoluted structure. The structure in itself is extremely difficult to photograph because of the tiny dimensions involved (a whole protein is measured in nanometre, up to 100nm, and its individual components are a few tenth of a nanometer, in the Angstrom range), so the only way to see its structure is to simulate it using a computer but the computation requires huge amount of processing power, requiring hours of supercomputer processing.
A work around has been the creation of Rosetta@Home, a massive distributed computing systems leveraging on thousands of volunteers offering processing time of their computer. More recently the project Folding@Home harvest the processing power of smartphones to simulate the folding

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.826181
Retrieved Text: What did he make plastic out of?
Plant based plastics are called Bioplastics. Bioplastics can be made from plant based starches, cellulose, proteins, and oils. Peanut plants contain starches, cellulose, proteins, and oils.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.815699
Retrieved Text: Credit: Image: Courtesy of Dr. Maximiliano D'Angelo, Salk Institute for Biological Studies.
In aging cells one of the proteins composing nuclear pores becomes damaged and molecules that should be restricted to the cytoplasm invade the nucleus (outline shown in red). In particular, a protein called tubulin (shown in green), which is strictly a cytoplasmic protein, shows up as long filaments that co-opt a large part of the nucleus.
Newswise — Like guards controlling access to a gated community, nuclear pore complexes are communication channels that regulate the passage of proteins and RNA to and from a cell's nucleus. Recent studies by researchers at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies offer new insights about the pores' lifespan and how their longevity affects their function.
Their findings, reported in the Jan. 23 issue of Cell, may provide clues to one of the most enduring questions of biology: how and why cells age. They also offer a new, promising avenue of investigation for scientists pursuing intervention strategies for neurodegenerative diseases.
Made up of 30 different proteins, nuclear pore complexes assemble during cell division and penetrate the membrane separating the nucleus from the cytoplasm. Their job is traffic control on the world's busiest thoroughfare: Each one mediates approximately 1,000 transport events a second. Since nuclear pore complexes are as essential to nondividing cells as they are to dividing ones, the Salk team wanted to determine what happens to them over time. Do they turn over in nondividing cells, or do they remain in place for the life of the cell?
Because most of the cells

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.739208
Retrieved Text: Inside every cancer cell, one or more proteins are no longer working properly thanks to errors in the genes that provide the instructions to make them. These cancer proteins can then interact with proteins made by other, healthy genes, and prevent them doing their jobs, like the proverbial bad apple ruining the whole barrel.
“Many cancer proteins work inside cancer cells by binding to other proteins. By stopping this from happening, we can stop cancer cells growing, or even kill them off,” says Terry Rabbitts, Professor of Molecular Biology in the MRC Weatherall Institute of Molecular Medicine at the University of Oxford.
Blocking the cancer proteins from interacting with healthy proteins is therefore a promising prospect for treating cancers – but this is a difficult problem because it can be very tricky to get a drug that is capable of blocking interactions between proteins a cancer cell. One way to block these interactions is by using antibodies, parts of the body’s immune system that are good at recognising disease and can ‘tag’ cells or bacteria for destruction. Unfortunately, antibodies are fairly large molecules, so because of their size it is a struggle to get them into a cell.
Professor Rabbitts’ goal, therefore, is to make a smaller molecule that does the same job as an antibody. In his most recent research, carried out in collaboration with colleagues around the world and published in Nature Communications, he has been developing a way to make drugs small enough to enter cells and prevent cancer proteins interacting with healthy proteins.
Antibodies are Y-shaped

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.73741
Retrieved Text: Body Attack Tribulus is made of high-quality Tribulus terrestris extract to about 90 percent, and is one of the most sought-after sports nutrition of bodybuilders.
The Tribulus 2400 from Body Attack is obtained from high-quality Tribulus Terrestris Extract to about 90 percent and not as usual from the extracts of Tribulus plant. Two capsule of Body Attack Tribulus 2400 delivers 2,400 mg of Tribulus Terrestris Extract. 960 mg thereof consists of saponins. Saponins are also found in legumes, which also provide proteins apart from essential amino acids. The proteins therein may contribute to the development of muscle mass, because they provide nitrogen molecules that are needed by the body for the development of body and muscle tissue. The saponins in Body Attack Tribulus 2400 also have a nitrogen-like compound and can be involved in the nitrogen balance through multiple metabolic processes.
In particular, bodybuilders, who feed exclusively on proteins of animal sources, such as fish, meat and dairy products may optimise their amino acids and nitrogen balance through increased incorporation of proteins of vegetable origin like legumes. In particular, if the goal of workout is more muscle growth, the proteins and their nitrogen molecules are the best sources. Although Body Attack Tribulus 2400 does not replace any pulses, it can contribute to supplementation of a protein-and nitrogen-containing diet.
Worth knowing: What is a negative and positive nitrogen balance?
Protein metabolism is always dependent on the nutrients as the body cannot produce nitrogen by itself. Deficiency results in a negative nitrogen balance and means that more body and muscle proteins are

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.69737
Retrieved Text: DNA supplies nearly each cell of the body with an instruction book on how to make tiny chemical machines. Known as proteins, these itty bitty widgets do all the work needed to help a cell survive. Some proteins carry in crucial supplies. Others take out the trash. Some send important messages. Some even fight off invaders.
Studying proteins gives scientists a better idea of how cells are supposed to work and what happens when they malfunction.
Cells build proteins by piecing together basic chemical building blocks known as amino (Ah-MEE-no) acids. Small strings of up to 100 amino acids are known as peptides. They can join forces to become a complete protein. But peptides can also function on their own, often working as messengers to carry signals throughout the body.
Human cells build their peptides and proteins from a standard kit of only 20 different amino acids. But cells can string these amino acids together in countless ways. The result is a remarkably diverse catalog of biological materials.
This is the chemical structure of pepsin, a large molecule that breaks down proteins into smaller peptides. The pepsin molecule is itself made of peptides, here shown in different colors.
So far, researchers have found the basic instructions — or genes — for about 21,000 human proteins. Including possible variations, though, the total number of different types could be as high as 250,000 to one million! Some proteins stick around for only a short time. Cells can then break them down and reuse their amino acids to form new proteins. Others, such as

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.693947
Retrieved Text: I'm studying amino acids content in vegetable food. I was looking at peanut protein and noticed its similarity with chicken meat, as you can see in the table below (quantities are measured in grams). Third column is first column minus second column. Green amino acids are the essential ones.
The biggest difference (-1.11) is Lysine, but it is still bigger than the lowest (0.2445). So is, in this case, Tryptophan the limiting factor in protein synthesis? (Tryptophan amount is < than any other amount).
The table below lists the optimal profile of the essential amino acids (first column). Second column is obtained by dividing the values in table 1, first column, by 25.3055 and multiplying by 1000.
Notice that Lysine is the only one amino acid less than the reference (36<51).
1) Have peanut proteins a limiting factor (if yes what is and why?) or can be considered a complete protein?
2) If the answer to 1) is "yes it has a limiting factor" what vegetable foods rich in lysine can be eaten with peanut in order to obtain all the amino acids? And how to calculate the ratio of peanut and the complementary foods to eat in order to get the proper profile of the essential amino acids?
I'm not sure if biology is the correct site to post this question, so if you know a better one let me know, thanks.
You're not using protein as it is to maintain your body. It's first broken down to the individual amino acids, which your body can then use to build new stuff.
If

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.66489
Retrieved Text: Proteins are not the same as Lego building blocks, but proteins do have special shapes that can be used to build parts of the body. Johnson Righeira Lego portrait via Wikimedia. Click the image to see full size.
Just like a Lego house is made of bricks, proteins are made up of lots of tiny building blocks. These building blocks are called amino acids.
To build a protein, first the amino acids are connected into long chains. These chains of amino acid building blocks can then fold into all types of shapes. Some chains fold into spirals. Other chains make zigzag sheets, and loops.
Combining these spirals, sheets, and loops is how the three-dimensional shape of the protein is made. You can also combine multiple strands of amino acids to make even bigger protein shapes.
The human body uses just 21 amino acids to make all the proteins it needs to function and grow. Because amino acids can be arranged in many different combinations, it's possible for your body to make thousands of different kinds of proteins from just the same 21 amino acids. You may see books that say there are only 20 amino acids. Don't worry, that's just because the 21st one was discovered pretty recently and not all the books have caught up yet.
21 Amino Acids. Click on the image to see a a larger version.
There are nine amino acids that your body can’t make. They are called essential amino acids, meaning you must have them to live. They are found in foods like milk, eggs and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.629595
Retrieved Text: Now, Dr. Cindy Dirscherl, a biotechnologist and microscopist in the research group of Professor Sebastian Springer at Jacobs University Bremen, has developed a new technique that helps researchers investigate such floating associations of MHC proteins. Cultured cells are seeded on glass plates that have been printed with tiny micropatterns of antibodies, using a special process. The printed antibodies hold on to the MHC proteins and group them into these micropatterns. Some MHC proteins, which have been made fluorescent and introduced into the cell, are then tested for binding to the captured MHC proteins. "If the MHC proteins group together, then we see these green squares in the microscope," says Dirscherl. "We found that only only one form of MHC proteins, the so-called free heavy chain, forms such groups."
The researchers yet do not know what the role of the groups – or clusters, as they call them – actually is, but now that they are identified, they can be investigated in great detail. "One really big advantage of our new method is that it can tell us which exact form of the protein we are looking at. This has never been possible before," says Springer, who offers a view into the future. "The technique that Cindy Dirscherl has developed can be applied to any surface protein. There are so many more exciting and important ones, and we cannot wait to see what people will discover when they use our new technology."

================



======= Instance Index 5652 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

The state the water is in depends upon the temperature. Each state (solid, liquid, and gas) has its own unique set of physical properties.


Q: What makes water change to a different state?

 Choices:

- time

- gravity

- pressure

- temperature

A:

Target Text: temperature

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.809246
Retrieved Text: This is the talk page for discussing improvements to the Fel article.
If you wish to discuss the subject itself, please use Talk:Fel/Analysis.
I think that it would be wiser if the page was split between "fel" and "fel magic". Because the last revision has modified the content of certain Sean Copeland's tweets (he explicitly said fel was created from the sacrifice of something else) and I don't think we should do that.
"Are Demons the source of Fel magic?"
They contain fel magic, but they aren't "the" source. The nature of this magic is created from destroying something else. Think "Burn life to create" kind of thing.
Converting life force to create Fel is the same as destroying life force to create Fel.
That analogy works more-so for Fel than it does for Arcane AND the change I made didn't contradict what Loreology stated.
Steam is what is created when water is heated and Fel is created by "burning life". Perhaps Fel isn't literally created by burning life force?
Is Mana ("Water") burned/heated to create Arcane ("Steam")? If not, why is that analogy used for Arcane and not Fel, and most importantly why are you reverting the change?
1) I know that steam isn't steam pressure, which is why I removed pressure from steam pressure.
What is created when something is burned? What is created when wood is burned? What is created when life is burned?
Also, steam "is not the same thing" as water (they are "different parts" of the same whole kind of thing imo).
Water is destroyed to create steam. When I state destroyed

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.209324
Retrieved Text: This afternoon inside the Western Folklife Center in the Wiegand Gallery, a gallery opening will be held for the Florida Cattle Ranching: Five Generations of Tradition exhibit. If you are a Western Folklife Center member or a stakeholder, the opening begins at 3:30 PM. The general public is invited to attend the opening at 4:15 PM.
If you attend the gallery opening or if see the Cracker cowboys and our Florida guests walking around town this week, here are some questions that you might consider asking them.
Seriously, how big are the alligators?
Is the word Cracker from the word Quaker or is it from the sound the Cracker whip makes?
Have you ever been bitten by an alligator?
How do the cattle behave when there is a hurricane? What do you do?
What does swamp cabbage taste like? To get the cabbage, do you have to get into the swamp… with the alligators?
Do you bale hay in Florida or do you have lots of permanent pasture and lots of water? Can you use swamp water for irrigation?
The Cracker cow, what breed is it and how is it related to the Texas Longhorn?
What does alligator taste like? Chicken?
How is a Cracker whip different from a bull whip?
Is it true that the Florida State University Seminoles were almost called the Florida State University Crackers?
Are you enjoying your time here in Elko? You know, we don’t have alligators or hurricanes here, but you might want to watch out for badgers and wait five minutes for the weather to change.
If you have the opportunity, please

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.200218
Retrieved Text: Evaporation is rapid on a wet day.
Evaporation takes place only from the surface of liquid.
All molecules of a liquid take part in the process of evaporation.
All molecules of a liquid take part in boiling.
Boiling is a rapid phenomenon.
All solids expand by the same amount when heated to the same rise in temperature.
Telephone wires are kept tight between the two poles in winter.
Equal volumes of different liquids expand by the different amount when they are heated to the same rise in temperature.
Solids expand the least and gases expand the most on being heated.
A mercury thermometer makes use of the property of expansion of liquids on heating.
Evaporation takes place at ................. .
The molecules of liquid .............heat from surroundings in evaporation.
A longer rod expands ...........than a shorter rod on being heated to the same temperature.
Liquids expand................ than the solids.
Gases expand ..........than the liquids.
Iron expands ............ than copper.
the temperature of liquid rises by absorbing heat from surroundings.
the molecules get attracted within the liquid.
the average kinetic energy of molecules increases.
the rod A elongates, but the rod B contracts.
Two rods A and B of the same metal, same length, but one solid and the other hollow, are heated to the same rise in temperature.
both the rods A and B expand the same.
A given volume of alcohol and the same volume of water are heated from the room temperature to the same temperature then.
alcohol expands more than water.
all the above three factors.
Iron rims are cooled before they are placed on the cart wheels.
A glass stopper gets tighten on warming the neck of the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.949999
Retrieved Text: Part of the journey of a Mason is to familiarize yourself with the concepts presented in lodge, and to discover their meaning for oneself. While there are, of course, interpretations shared and passed down through the generations between masons, part of what makes Masonry so unique among teachings and spiritual practices of the world is that the kernel of what is preserved is fundamentally symbolic, and ultimately each brother’s understanding of the symbols are his or her own. There is no explicit, concrete orthodox doctrine regarding the meaning of any particular symbols, and thus the craft is free to evolve and learn as a collective, while also preserving something ancient and unspoken, but embodied and felt.
Among the symbols of the lodge and masonic rituals are the elements, being the four classical elements of Earth, Water, Air, and Fire. Various Orders, Jurisdictions, and Lodges place more or less emphasis on the elements and discuss them in different ways. Without revealing any aspects of the rituals themselves, we can say that in spite of not being universally emphasized throughout all of Freemasonry, the elements are nevertheless important to any thorough study of esotericism and the mysteries. In fact, the more esoteric a particular branch of Freemasonry is, the more emphasis it is likely to place on them, which can perhaps explain why in Universal Co-Masonry, they are significant from the very beginning of one’s masonic journey. So, how can we view the elements with a Masonic eye, and understand their significance for our lives and our Craft?
While the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.906977
Retrieved Text: Rocky Rex's Science Stuff: Climate Change - Why isn't every year a record year?
Climate Change - Why isn't every year a record year?
Heat can affect things without causing a temperature rise.
Extra heat can be used in ‘changing state’ instead of raising temperature.
A change of state could be … a solid melting to a liquid.
Or a liquid evaporating to a gas.
So heat is needed to change ice at zero degrees C to water at zero degrees C.
And to change water into water vapour….. without raising the temperature.
Scientists call the heat used to change state latent heat.
Also, there are natural variations in the global climate, El Nino events being the ones that affect world temperature the most.
The opposite to 'El Nino' is 'La Nina', a cooling effect.
If global temperatures are plotted on a graph in a way that shows these variations, it makes the overall warming trend very obvious.
Every La Nina year since 1998 has been warmer than every El Nino year before 1995.
2017 was the warmest non-El Nino year in the modern record.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.587091
Retrieved Text: Deionization (DI) is a water filtration process where total dissolved solids (TDS) are removed from water through ion exchange. It’s important to remove and exchange these ions in order to create the purest, cleanest, and safest drinking water. This service will surely change the way you look at the water exiting your faucet.
The best way to enjoy fresh, great-tasting, and purified deionized drinking water from the comfort of your home is through this state-of-the-art method from Puretap®. With this product, you’ll no longer have to worry about consuming potentially dangerous total dissolved solids.
What Makes Our Deionization System so Great?
You wouldn’t drink a glass of water full of dissolved solids, would you? With this revolutionary system, you can rest easy knowing that the next glass of water you drink will be as safe as can be. Deionization resin attracts non-water ions and replaces them with water ions, leaving you with pure water.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.580639
Retrieved Text: Did you know that everything around you is made of matter? Matter is the air you breathe, the chair you sit on, the computer you are using, and everything else that you can see and touch. Basically, matter is defined as anything that takes up mass. Matter can be found in three different states, known as the states of matter. So if everything is made of matter, what do you think matter is made up of? Matter is made from things called atoms, and atoms are so small that you can't see them with your eyes, or even with a regular telescope. Just one drop of water is made of millions of atoms. Now that you know what matter is made of, let's talk about the three states of matter; solid, liquid, and gas.
Solid matter is made of atoms that are packed really tightly together. Think of an ice cube that is frozen solid. You can't move anything through it because the atoms are packed together so tight that they will hold their shape. Even though all solids have atoms that are packed tight together, there is still a small space between the atoms. How big or small a space is between the atoms will determine an object's density. For example, a piece of wood will have a lower density than a piece of gold the same size. There is more space between the atoms of the wood than there is between the atoms of the gold.
With liquid matter, the atoms are spaced out a bit

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.477318
Retrieved Text: Think about what you know about weather patterns and weather reports. What do you think causes weather?
I think weather is maybe caused by how the Earth revolves around the sun in a way because since it moves around it, since the sun shines in different places on Earth at different times it could cause it to change.
I claim weather is caused by many ways, for example like condensation, precipitation, evaporation, ect. With condensation it is when water vapor turns into liquid. When there is precipitation it is rain, snow, sleet, hail, ect. With evaporation its when liquid turns into water vapor and goes into the atmosphere.
I think that air masses, cold fronts, warm fronts, and varying amounts of pressure in the atmosphere causes weather to change. I claim this because when two air masses collide it causes bad weather. When a cold front comes it brings cold and stormy weather. When a warm front comes it brings warm and fair weather. Low pressure produces condensation which creates clouds and high pressure does not produce clouds so there is fair weather and no precipitation.
I claim that the water cycle is a huge factor in what causes weather. My evidence is when there is warm weather, the water is going to evaporate. Then the water will condensate and form clouds. When the temperature is colder and there are clouds, there will most likely be precipitation.
I think weather depends on the atmosphere and the sun because weather is in the atmosphere and the sun can make it hot and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.451723
Retrieved Text: "An acoustical device comprising: a headphone having a cushion comprising: an outer layer configured to contact a headphone user; two or more phase change materials with an ability to change from solid phase to liquid phase or from one solid phase to a different solid phase at a predetermined phase-change temperature, wherein each phase change material has a different predetermined phase-change temperature; and padding; wherein the phase change materials are between the outer layer and the padding."
The morning alarm sounds. You wake up, hop in the shower, turn on the tap and … wait. The water might be ice cold for 10 seconds or more, as hot water makes its way from the heater. A Portuguese startup has developed a line of PCM-based products designed to eliminate the wait – and the waste.
Heaboo’s Hoterway shower fixture incorporates a thermal battery that heats the water instantaneously until hot water arrives from the heater. The PCM then recharges as heated water passes through the battery. A thermal mixing faucet automatically keeps the incoming water at a constant temperature.
Heaboo, which delivered its first units to Kickstarter backers last year, also offers standalone thermal batteries designed to supply hot water to sinks, tubs and other fixtures.
Q: What kind of PCM is used in the products?
Q: What is the PCM's peak melting point?
Q: How much PCM is used in each Hoterway?
Q: Who is your PCM supplier?
Q: What material is used to contain the PCM?
A: “We use a PVC extruded pipe with some particular design."
Q: In addition to Kickstarter, where you raised

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.437372
Retrieved Text: By creating this research initiative, strategies and measures for the prevention and control of floods, drought and environmental degradation will be developed and implemented. This is an especially interdisciplinary research initiative at the forefront of scince, with participants from many different faculties.
The central question is the relationship between water and security - threats, risk and vulnerability. Water is a scarce commodity, but a vital resource. What will the future availability of water look like? Climate change and globalization are influencing water requirements and water quality worldwide. Within this research initiative experts will shed light on both technical and socio-demographic aspects of water and security, precisely what makes this initiative unique.
More about HOT's project within this research initiative.
In this interdisciplinary research project, the main issues are those that combine water and security. This includes investigations into and early warning of flooding as well as the opposite - droughts. Which environmental dangers go hand in hand with water? The range of projects goes from impurities in drinking water and toxic residue in sewage to soil erosion by water. There are projects about nutrient influx and the ground water problem but also about securing water quality and the development of new analysis techniques.
A further focus of the research consortium is the investigation of climate change and its impact on water supplies. Will there be an increasing number of conflicts about water? Will these be mere distribution conflicts (e.g. whether more water is allocted to biofuels or food crops?), or will there be international conflicts over water supplies?
Securing peaceful cooperation

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.437181
Retrieved Text: San Antonio Water Systems has the Largest ASR in the state, (above).
The fourth National Climate Assessment (NCA) has made it crystal clear how the challenges of climate change are impacting our aquifers across the country. Municipalities are turning to new technologies to meet water demands. For many entities, investing in Aquifer Storage and Recovery (ASR) systems seems like a viable solution.
ASR works like this: during times of plentiful water, extra water can be withdrawn from a river (or other source) and then injected and stored within an aquifer. When the original water source runs low due to drought, low rainfall or other causes, this water can then be pulled from the aquifer and used. Some ASR facilities inject treated wastewater rather than surface water into an aquifer, while other facilities inject groundwater from a different aquifer.
Currently, ASR is utilized in 11 countries. There are 95 facilities in the United States. El Paso, Kerrville and San Antonio were the first three major cities in the state to implement ASR.
Austin Water cites ASR as one of it’s major strategies in their innovative new 100 Year Water Plan called “Water Forward”. They believe ASR will help the city become more resilient in the face of challenges like growing water demands and inevitable drought periods, and makes it less likely that the city will eventually need to import water or take other drastic measures.
In Hays County, scientists at the Barton Springs Edwards Aquifer Conservation District (BSEACD) are looking at ASR as a potential means to alleviate pressure on the aquifer

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.338884
Retrieved Text: On love. On enough. On visions. On gentle power.
When I first started doing vision work about 4 years ago I was scared.
I was scared of wanting, of asking, of what I didn't realize (then) was putting myself into a deeply vulnerable state of visioning my life into its most joyful and passionate place.
I was scared to evolve.
I was afraid to look at choices I had made because did that mean I had really f***ed up. At that point I was 34, I had a new baby, my last. I didn't want to look at what I might so deeply need to be different.
So I stuck my toes in the water and I dipped into visioning in what I thought was the most gentle of ways.
I placed my visions on a wall where I could see them and it was a silent prayer each day I looked towards it.
Ever since that day my world has been in a spiral of change, of choice, of manifesting, of learning who I am.
Learning who I am:: Not who I thought I should be. Cracking. Open.
Yes. It is scary. Yes. Things will change. Yes. You get to decide. Yes. You have to release the details. Yes. What shows up will be more magical than you ever imagined. Yes. It will be hard. Yes. There will be tears and laughter. Yes. You will cross through these visions knowing you are love and hold everything inside of you, that makes you enough.
You will feel the gentle power that was born inside of you

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.337036
Retrieved Text: Water is ubiquitous and it may be from this property that it is frequently taken for granted. Even though it is everywhere, water is anything but common.
Most people think that water comes in 3 shapes and sizes and they all have the formula H2O. We recognize ice as water in its solid form, water as the liquid stage and steam as water as a gas.
And, there is more to the story.
For the last few decades, researchers have been differentiating “bulk water” from other water and there is now a name for this other water: Exclusion Zone or EZ Water. It is also called structured water, energized water, revitalized water, activated water and more. Whatever the name, this fourth stage of water acts like a battery capable of storing energy. When EZ water is structured by movement, prayer or light, the energy in it increases.
In the old way of thinking about water, the addition of energy leads to a rise in temperature. In EZ water, an increase in energy leads to an increase in structure. Not only is this understanding of water uncovering a new state of water, but it is also illuminating a new chemical formula.
The most common formula for water is H2O, but it can also be H3O2, OH-, -OH2+ and dozens of other configurations of hydrogen and oxygen.
When water is structured, its properties change. Before taking a deep look at this with water, consider where else this occurs in the natural world.
These pictures show that while the chemical composition of diamonds and coal are

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.28527
Retrieved Text: On July 25, 2016, 90 people met at New Jersey City University to talk about water.
Not an ordinary meeting, it was the inaugural membership congregation of a cross-sector collaborative called Jersey Water Works – the latest milestone in more than two years of work by organizations to build a coalition to address the Garden State’s aging and inadequate water infrastructure.
The idea for Jersey Water Works began in early 2014, when the land-use policy organization New Jersey Future published a report highlighting the problems that antiquated combined-sewer systems cause in the state’s older cities and towns. Combined-sewer overflows are the most urgent of the water-infrastructure problems facing New Jersey communities, but there are a myriad of issues. New Jersey communities have some of the oldest water and sewer mains in the country – a few dating back to the Civil War – which means they’re prone to expensive leaks and breaks. Stormwater systems have not kept up with development or more intense rain events, exacerbating localized flooding; and New Jersey is unusual in that it has more, smaller water and sewer utilities than most other states, and these utilities may not have access to sufficient resources or expertise to manage their systems optimally.
Following publication of the report came a convening where experts from a variety of affected sectors – elected officials, public and private utilities, state regulators, and community organizations – laid out an ambitious Agenda for Change to address the combined-sewer problem and the broader problems of aging drinking water, wastewater, and stormwater systems.
To achieve system-wide

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.230177
Retrieved Text: Re: what is keeping per-user state outside of user's $HOME ?
Subject: Re: what is keeping per-user state outside of user's $HOME ?
your user isn't at the console?
any other user I get the Lock Screen menu item.
screen. Rawhide could have added that however.
There is a /var/lib/PolicyKit/user-ellson.auths but removing it makes no difference.
Where does it get this from? Removing /var/lib/PolicyKit/user-ellson.auths doesn't change the output.
Running it in another user's account generates different, empty, output.
"polkit-auth --show-obtainable" doesn't offer any obvious token for enabling LockScreen.
what is keeping per-user state outside of user's $HOME ?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.227932
Retrieved Text: Inexpensive “chips” use a resistor to make a linear change on one input to the computer (OEM ECU) controlling your engine. A linear change is, by definition, correct under a few conditions and incorrect at thousands of others where it accomplishes little to nothing. The Unichip is a computer that makes tens of thousands or changes on multiple inputs to the OEM ECU… the correct change at all points, like only a computer can.
Your engine’s ECU responds to an innumerable combination of values when making its control decisions. Inexpensive tuning options use very simple tricks to effect a linear change to just one of those values but, unfortunately, the required changes on that channel are not linear and – therefore – can’t be properly modified with a linear change. Additionally, that channel is not the only one that should be changed to make power. That means while the inexpensive tuning solution may potentially provide a “correct correction” in one small area, that same correction is “incorrect” everywhere else. The Unichip makes thousands of discrete corrections… each “correct” for the specific values being changed and the Unichip makes changes on multiple channels.
Computer control – The functionality of your car’s engine is essentially identical to the engine sitting in your grandfather’s car from the 1950’s. There may be more valves per cylinder, higher compression, and there’s fuel injection in place of the earlier engine’s carburetor but the big picture is identical. Fuel is mixed with air to produce a combustible mixture, that mixture enters the combustion chamber, gets

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.084412
Retrieved Text: April 17, 2017 – Oregon and Washington lead the way in state programs that facilitate environmental water transfers. A new Stanford study concludes Colorado Basin states, including California, have lots of catching up to do.
Water transfers are an important way to share a limited resource, especially to help fish and habitats that were historically left with scraps when water rights were parceled out around the West.
The water for such transfers usually comes from farmers, who free up water through some kind of conservation measure. By transferring the saved water, a farmer can help imperiled fish and make some money. Such arrangements are especially important on the Colorado River, which is oversubscribed to serve human demands and also feeds a vast international ecosystem.
These water transfers are difficult to pull off. For starters, many state laws require that water rights be put to a “beneficial use” or be lost. And historically, most state laws did not include environmental functions on the list of beneficial uses.
Because the Colorado River flows through seven states, water transfers can be affected by seven different sets of laws. To help sort through this quagmire, Stanford University’s Water in the West program recently studied and ranked all state laws in the Colorado Basin governing water transfers. The resulting report ranks states on the effectiveness on their water transfer programs, and recommends improvements where necessary.
For a rundown on the report, Water Deeply recently spoke with Leon Szeptycki, an expert on water law and executive director of Water in the West.
Water Deeply: Why are water transfers

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.988811
Retrieved Text: Alex Reis is a freelance science writer that has written a number of popular articles for The Chemical Blog and other mainstream publications, and has had various scientific manuscripts published in science journals.
Alex contacted ReAgent with a request to buy some chemicals to use for science demonstrations at a Chemistry Day in Acharacle Primary School in Highlands, Scotland. The Chemistry Day took place on 19th March 2015 during Science Week, and it was a chance for pupils to observe and be involved in chemistry demonstrations, so they could enjoy and understand chemical processes.
The aim of the Chemistry Day was to show pupils how chemists can study chemical reactions and understand why they happen. This was done by a series of experiments showing visible changes in chemical reactions using, for example, pH indicators or reactions involving a change of state, such as the production of gas.
Alex has given us a rundown of the experiments she carried out using products supplied by ReAgent.
One experiment involved blowing bubbles in water. At first, it seemed to the children that nothing happened, but this was just because they couldn’t actually see anything.
A few drops of the pH indicator phenolphthalein was added, and now the children were able to observe that blowing bubbles in water would cause the liquid to go from pink to clear as the carbon dioxide dissolved in water to produce carbonic acid.
Alex added a small amount of bicarbonate soda to the water to make sure it would go pink! The focus of this experiment was to show the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.972889
Retrieved Text: Gov. Jerry Brown's historic order to curb California's water use largely bypasses agriculture, the state's biggest water user, setting off debate about whether growers are getting a pass.
The vast majority of Brown's plan focused on urban water use _ such as lawns, golf courses, parks and public medians _ which makes up less than 25 percent of Californians' overall water use.
For critics of Brown's plan, it's ineffective policy to crack down on watering suburban yards while largely ignoring the vast, still-green expanses of the state's fruit and vegetable garden.
"The government's response to this growing crisis has been behind the curve," said Jonas Minton, water policy adviser for the Planning and Conservation League and a former state water official. He argued that state officials should clamp down on groundwater pumping and plantings of thirsty new crops.
Other water experts and growers say that agriculture has already suffered severe cutbacks as a result of the drawn-out drought, now in its fourth year. For the second year in a row, Central Valley farmers without senior water rights are expecting no deliveries from the valley's big federal irrigation project.
Growers who get supplies from the State Water Project will receive only 20 percent of requested deliveries this year. Farmers left more than 400,000 acres unplanted last year, dealing a $2 billion blow to the state's agricultural economy.
"I think much of California is all of a sudden waking up to the fact that the drought is not theoretical. It's going to manifest itself in ordinary Californians' lives for the first time. Well, our

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.90855
Retrieved Text: Since being appointed CIO in March 2003, Matt Miszewski has built a long list of credits.
He implemented an "extended enterprise" approach to IT management, which makes local governments direct partners with the state in major IT projects. Miszewski coordinated efforts to reduce IT-related spending across state agencies by $40 million for the 2003-2005 biennium. And as division administrator for the Wisconsin Division of Enterprise Technology, he implemented initiatives that save an additional $30 million per year at state and local levels.
Miszewski thrives on what he calls a different yet more compelling bottom line than what exists in the private sector. "In the private sector, the bottom line is well defined and easy to articulate -- profit," he said. "The bottom line for us is simply different, harder to define, difficult to measure but far more compelling."
He said the public-sector bottom line is about working toward stronger families, healthy kids, great schools, better health care, a better economy and a sustainable fiscal picture for state government.
"Waking up every morning and understanding that the trials and tribulations of the day are all aimed at accomplishing that bottom line makes the work not only enjoyable but energizing."
The challenges are great in state government, and one of Wisconsin's biggest upcoming is deploying a single ERP system for the state. "We have over 52 different agencies and boards, which have grown accustomed to differing business practices and systems to support these practices," Miszewski said. "In cases where those practices are aimed at the same business function, we will have to harmonize

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.839577
Retrieved Text: What are Corporate Change Applications?
Corporate change applications in New York State (NY) are required when new directors, members, stockholders or other decision makers are changed.
Essentially, if a new board member or stockholder becomes part of a corporation that sells liquor in New York State, or if a board member or stockholder leaves a corporation that sells liquor in New York State, then corporate change applications must be filed to the New York State liquor authority.
Corporate change applications are extremely detailed. Without an in depth understanding of New York State liquor laws, you risk wasting time and money by having to re-do the whole corporate change application all over again.
New York State Liquor Authority Consulting's team of former State Liquor Authority officials can help make corporate change applications quick and easy.
Corporate change applications are required when there are changes to the corporate set up of a business that sells liquor.
For example, if a board member or stockholder is removed, a corporate change application must be filed to the State Liquor Authority (SLA). Corporate change applications also must be filed when a new board member or stockholder joins a corporation that sells liquor in New York State.
There is a required fee for the corporate change application. Additionally, the corporate change application must extensively detail required information. Supporting documentation may be necessary as part of corporate change applications.
Corporate change applications require extreme attention to detail. Even seemingly straightforward questions can require answers that most people wouldn't think of. While you may be inclined to fill out a part of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.806673
Retrieved Text: In an age of increasing uncertainties, complexities and extremes, cross cut by globalization processes, the competition for natural resources and environmental goods and services is intensifying, leading to competing claims and conflicts.
Rising food prices, an increasing frequency and intensity of droughts, floods and typhoons (possibly due to climate change), environmental degradation, increasing scarcities of land, water and other natural resources and growing political and socio-economic vulnerabilities are interlinked in complex ways to produce multifarious effects on livelihoods. This raises important questions concerning power, politics, governance and markets, in balancing planet, profit and people, and how these can be understood, amongst others from a complex adaptive systems perspective.
What are the dynamics of the contestations, competition and conflicts over natural resources and the environment?
Who has access to natural resources and environmental goods and how does access and consumption change in time, space and among different (interest) groups, at local, national and global levels? This research looks at what type of conflicts and contestations have emerged, are emerging and can be expected to emerge in the future at different scales around the growing scarcity and competing claims over different natural resources, such as land, water, forests and nature. More specifically, what are the drivers and implications of the use of land and water for other purposes than food production (biofuels, fibres, nature, tourism, etc.), for instance in terms of inequalities, conflicts, prices, distribution and profits? How and where are natural resource scarcities and abundance, access and consumption a basis for (violent) conflicts and what are the consequences of such

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.805393
Retrieved Text: 1. Matter is made of tiny particles.
2. There is empty space between the particles.
3. The particles are in constant motion.
What explanation might account for the differences between the states of matter, as well as explain its different properties? Session 2 introduces the particle model of matter, the principles which underlie a wide range of phenomena. By contrasting this model with what is variously called the continuous, continuum, or plenum model, this session shows how the particle model is useful for making accurate predictions about a variety of behaviors of matter on a macroscopic scale.
The video begins by defining what scientists mean by the term “model,” establishing what makes a good model, and describing the process by which models are continually revised. Then, children in the Science Studio divide a piece of aluminum foil into the smallest pieces possible and are asked: Is it possible to go on dividing forever? Is there ever a point at which the pieces no longer have the properties of the aluminum foil? Science historian Dr. Al Martinez recounts the history of the continuous model originally proposed by the Greeks, explains its appeal, and later tries to use this model to explain the expandability and compressibility of gases.
For an answer, we first explore fifth graders’ ideas on the subject, and then visit vacuum engineer Bob Childs, whose work in nuclear fusion relies on an important principle of the particle model. We return to the Science Studio one last time, where we find children further developing their models to explain the compressibility of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.800774
Retrieved Text: Our team conducted a thorough research just to make sure that our list of the best state tankless water heaters is completely trustworthy. We recommend you to use it while choosing the right state tankless water heaters for your needs.
All options from our list of the best state tankless water heaters can be found at marketplace. This is a good marketplace for online shopping because it lets you analyze users reviews and other details for any item from the catalog. It makes choosing a state tankless water heaters much easier.
Multiple safety protection devices for boil dry protection over-temperature protection, electric leakage protection and high hydraulic pressure protection to ensure safety and reliability.
Because the heat pro-performer continuously monitors all real time data collected 60 times a second through a range of sensors.
Heat tank less s series can also be used in highly sterile applications like commercial kitchens, hospitals, clinics, and even schools where cleanliness is of the highest importance.
Price for: each water heater application: undersink mounting: vertical item: electric tankless water heater voltage: 240vac phase: 1 water heater design: point-of-use elements: replaceable cartridge insert features: cut energy costs – flow switch activates heater only on demand.99% energy efficient, hot or cold water feed, on demand hot water – never run out standards: ul 499. Pressure range: 150 psi wire size: 10 awg width: 5-1/4″ temp. Range: 100 degrees to 140 degrees f residential / commercial: commercial/residential height: 10-3/4″ min. Flow activation: 0.65 gpm depth: 3″ temp. Rise 0.5 gpm: 89 degrees f temp. Rise 1.5 gpm: 30

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.708956
Retrieved Text: ← Retire uninhabited farm acreage to minimize human misery.
Good recommendations by PPIC/UCD group.
I find it dismayingly easy to write critiques of people that I substantially agree with, but have some minor point of disagreement. Often that’s easier than taking on a fundamentally different viewpoint. But I’m finding even less to say when I don’t even have a minor point of disagreement.
The UCD/PPIC group made fantastic recommendations to the State Board on Measuring and Reporting Water Diversions. We would be substantially better off if those were thoroughly implemented. Too often recently, the state agencies have been pleading for money to support the gauging stations they already have. Some of those gauges have been providing decades of data; I have heard that after funding cuts, some personnel have continued checking gauges on their own time, so there aren’t holes in the record. More instruments, more telemetry would be a very welcome change.
I also liked and agreed with the proposals in PPIC’s recent Allocating California’s Water: Directions for Reform. I especially liked setting instream flows as the most senior water diverters, if we are going to keep our incredibly stupid and unjust seniority-based system. I didn’t think Allocating California’s Water went far enough, but the things they propose don’t foreclose any future options either and they tidy up some problems nicely. So I am in favor!
I thought the language in this EDF op-ed was interesting. He discusses removing barriers to “water sharing”, of which a market might be one example. I’d be pleased if we moved away from the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.702845
Retrieved Text: In This Here and That There – Herrenhausen Quartet, four performers arrange and re-arrange a set of 200 chairs in the ponds of the Großer Garten. Working in 8-hour-long stretches over the course of three days, they construct a vast range of temporary structures and arrangements. These oscillate between recognizable chair formations evoking different social situations, and the more abstract, formal or pattern-like constructions.
Each chair arrangement speaks of the ways in which the built environment makes possible – or impossible – certain kinds of encounters, and in which the organisation of space invites certain scenarios, narratives and metaphors to be projected onto it. Situating this activity in the water makes the chair arrangements readable as structures or patterns, allowing us to see them both as facts materialised in the water and as gestures that evoke a set of associations. The surreal setting of the water – at once serene and inhospitable – adds a sense of impossibility to the kinds of encounters being evoked, whist the continuous state of flux that the chairs are subjected to renders them un-occupiable, failing to provide a place for rest and stillness which they – as functional objects – seem to promise.
The project’s movement through a series of short-lived chair arrangements, and the performers’ laborious construction of proposals-in-action, bring to the fore a dynamic tension between change and stasis, order and chaos. Through its continuous unfolding in time, the work points to the instability of spatial and social constructs, invoking the restlessness, flux and search for solutions that characterise the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.680193
Retrieved Text: Florida's gubernatorial candidates — Democrat Andrew Gillum and Republican Ron DeSantis — faced off in a debate Sunday in Tampa, moderated by CNN's Jake Tapper, and they touched on everything from race to climate change to school safety.
On the environment and climate change: DeSantis said he "ran in the Republican primary stressing the need for clean water," but he doesn't "want to be an alarmist" on climate change, and "I want to look at this and do what makes sense for Florida." Gillum said when he's elected, Floridians will "have a governor who believes in science, which we haven't had for quite some time in this state." After DeSantis said Gillum wants to enact a "California-style energy policy," he responded, "I'm not so sure what's so California about believing that the state of Florida ought to lead in solar energy. We're known as the Sunshine State."
On school shootings: Tapper mentioned that after the deadly shooting earlier this year in Parkland, Florida, Gov. Rick Scott (R) signed legislation that, among other things, raised the minimum age to purchase a firearm, and he asked DeSantis why he said he'd have vetoed that bill. "We are gonna fix it in terms of school security," DeSantis said, adding he's a "big supporter of school security." Gillum said DeSantis was against the legislation because "he is wholly owned by the NRA. He's not gonna stand up to the National Rifle Association."

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.643778
Retrieved Text: When was the last time you cried in public? For many of us on the walk, it was this morning, at Geprags Park in Hinesburg. In a ceremony that marked the transition from resistance and mourning to the day’s theme of Reimagine, we sang together and created a space for grieving and letting go with a Ceremony of Tears.
Bowls of water sat on the ground inside the circled people, and anyone who wanted could go and sit by one, scoop up water and let it run through their fingers, and say, “These are my tears. These are my tears for…” Many of us cried both symbolic and real tears for the environmental destruction around the world, and the part we have played in it, and our state of disconnect from the natural world.
Most of us don’t learn to process our feelings in public. It’s scary and uncomfortable. But at the same time, it feels important to bring up and let go our pain (and the anger and frustration that come from it) before we start talking about the future we want to create.
What do you imagine when you think of an ideal future? Perhaps you focus on technological innovations for renewable energy. Or perhaps you think of better local food systems. Perhaps you envision a more equitable distribution of wealth. Perhaps you dream of a world of people living in harmony with the Earth.
We need a hopeful vision to keep us going. But what happens when your imaginings are different than mine?
We walk with a common

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.622803
Retrieved Text: Republican Mitt Romney anointed Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan, an ardent conservative and devoted budget cutter, as his vice presidential running mate on Saturday, and the two men immediately embarked on a tour of campaign battleground states vowing to defeat President Barack Obama and repair the long-ailing U.S. economy. America is "a nation facing debt, doubt and despair," and a transformative change in leadership is vital, Ryan declared to a flag-waving crowd in the first moments after Romney introduced him as his partner for the fall campaign.
What the Arizona ruling means to the anti-imgration cause.
Bob Dane, president of FAIR, talks with Todd about what the Arizona ruling means, and what the next steps are.
Tim Murray who is in charge of the state while Deval Patrick is away made a major flub while talking about the only nuclear power plant in Massachusetts. This guy is in charge while Deval Patrick is away - but he makes a huge flub on why Pilgrim Nuclear Power Plant won't have a meltdown if there were a catastrophe like what we are seeing in Japan. Michele is Outraged about this mistake.
Glow in the Dark Kobe Beef?
Water levels dropped precipitously Monday inside a Japanese nuclear reactor , twice leaving the uranium fuel rods completely exposed and raising the threat of a meltdown , hours after a hydrogen explosion tore through the building housing a different reactor. Howie said you can expect your Kobe beef to glow in the dark in the future. Callers chimed in with whether they thought Howie was a Jackass

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.616858
Retrieved Text: What is meant by ‘states of matter’?
How are solids, liquids and gases different to each other?
How can we change the states of solids, liquids and gases?
What is meant by the water cycle?
-Why do we have reservoirs?
-Can you use a globe to identify the world’s oceans and seas?
-What is the Coral Reef?
-Can you draw and sketch maps and plans using standardised symbols and a key?
Within art, we will be exploring the work of J. Vincent Scarpace and will create our own fabulous fish pictures and paintings.
In DT, we will be looking at what makes a good submarine and will even try to make our own models!

================



======= Instance Index 10089 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

redox reaction will occur. The only question is whether lead will be oxidized to Pb(II) or Pb(IV). Because BrF3 is a powerful oxidant and fluorine is able to stabilize high oxidation states of other elements, it is likely that PbF4 will be the product. The two possible reduction products for BrF3 are BrF and Br2. The actual product will likely depend on the ratio of the reactants used. With excess BrF3, we expect the more oxidized product (BrF). With lower ratios of oxidant to lead, we would probably obtain Br2 as the product. Exercise Predict the products of each reaction and write a balanced chemical equation for each reaction.


Q: What are the two possible reduction products for brf3?

 Choices:

- brf2 and brf4

- brg and brf

- brf and brf4

- brf and br2

A:

Target Text: brf and br2

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.830158
Retrieved Text: Copyright © 2014 Denise W. Carlson. Used with permission.
Students redesign and justify the packaging used in consumer products. Design criteria include reducing the amount of packaging material by 25%.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) estimates that one-third of America's municipal solid waste comes from packaging. Thus, it is possible to make a significant reduction in waste by adopting packaging that is highly functional yet minimal. This strategy, known as source reduction, includes lighter packaging, larger-sized packaging (bulk), flexible vs. rigid packing, and eliminating or reducing water (concentrated). Packaging engineers face this challenge everyday as more products are developed; they aim to devise packaging that functions as needed, while minimizing excess and pollution.
Describe some decisions related to advantages and disadvantages of packaging and processes.
Use resources (people, references, Internet) to gain knowledge.
Explain the environmental impact of (re)designing products.
Each group needs a bag containing 3 packaged products from the areas of food, health or beauty aids, and some other product. Examples: boxed cookies, frozen pizza, deodorant, allergy medication, shoes, shampoo, detergent, CDs.
For the entire class to share: a few large examples of packaging, such as the boxes (and protective inside packaging, plastic bags, twist ties, instructions, etc.) that come with a new computer, TV or furniture.
A new president has been elected on a platform stressing environmental awareness. The new president proposes that in addition to increasing our target goals for recycling and reusing materials, the U.S. will reduce the amount of packaging it uses by 25% within four years.
The Committee for Protection of the Environment is designing alternative packaging

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.462902
Retrieved Text: ViaTech® stevia sweeteners are high performance ingredients that help food and beverage manufacturers achieve optimal taste and sweetness at higher usage levels. With ViaTech® ingredients, achieving sugar reduction of 50% or more in challenging applications, like carbonated soft drinks, with great taste is now possible. With a sensible cost-in-use and supply, creating reduced and zero-calorie stevia-based sweetened products consumers will love has never been easier.
Cargill’s new ViaTech® portfolio of ingredients has a true sweet taste and a clean finish. At last, precision sweetness for low-to-zero calorie products.
Precision sweetness, significant sugar reduction.
Watch an introduction on how ViaTech® stevia sweeteners can achieve sugar reduction of 50% or more in challenging applications, like carbonated soft drinks, where great taste is now possible.
Melanie Goulson, Sweetness Application Leader at Cargill, explains how ViaTech® stevia sweeteners enable sugar reduction of 60 percent or more in challenging applications while achieving optimal sweetness and a reduction of aftertastes.
Expand your use of stevia-based sweeteners and capture market growth. Sweeteners made from the stevia plant are becoming the high-intensity sweeteners of choice.
This interactive PDF highlights our new ViaTech® portfolio of high-performance stevia sweeteners that delivers optimal sweetness from the stevia leaf, for reduced- to zero-calorie products.
ViaTech® stevia sweeteners deliver optimal taste and sweetness in challenging applications.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.318375
Retrieved Text: Sugar reduction is one of the most important challenges facing the food and beverage industry, but is also an opportunity to explore new directions and to surprise consumers with new innovations. Givaudan’s TasteSolutions® Sweetness programme delves deep into the science behind sugar to analyse its unique taste, mouthfeel and aroma at molecular level, and then find great alternatives.
Sugar reduction is partly driven by rising obesity levels and consumers’ desire for healthier products, but there are many other factors at play too. Government sugar tax initiatives can force manufacturers to rethink their portfolios, as can economics: in some regions, sugar is being replaced with less expensive artificial sweeteners to keep products affordable. We understand that different sugar reduction scenarios require different solutions, and ours are the most comprehensive in the industry.
For over a decade, Givaudan’s FlavourVision® programme has been helping customers keep track of consumer trends and develop their product concepts and flavours accordingly. Sugar reduction is one of the most important challenges facing the food and beverage industry today.
Our taste receptor research gives us the broadest portfolio of proprietary taste ingredients.
Our groundbreaking sensory methods bring sweetness quality measurably closer to sugar.
Our goal is flavours so satisfying, that less sugar still delivers full enjoyment.
Consumer thinking around sugar reduction is more complex than simply ‘less is better’. You may have a legacy brand that your core consumer has been using for years. They’d like to see less sugar on the label, but not if that involves a major change in the taste of the product. Maybe your target

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.01914
Retrieved Text: If not you, then who? It’s no wonder “Reduce” is the first of the 3Rs. Waste reduction is the cheapest and most simple way to prevent garbage from piling up in landfills. Waste reduction also saves money and conserves the resources and raw materials that go into making new items.
Waste reduction means buying only what you need and making smarter choices about what you buy, such as environmentally friendly products, items that use recyclable materials, are produced locally, are packaged responsibly and can be reused or recycled.
Making just a few personal changes can help the environment.
Please remember: each of us has tremendous personal power to reduce the amount of waste generated. It’s time to do our part and make a difference. If not you, then who?
Looking for more waste reduction tips?
About 40 percent of the food we throw out is still good to eat. Try these tips to reduce your food waste.
Before you replace something old with something new, attempt to have it repaired. This could save you some money as well as reduce waste.
Use a refillable mug for coffee or other beverages on the go.
Purchase items in bulk whenever possible… bring your own containers to the bulk store if possible.
Buy products that will last; make durability, not price, your primary purchasing decision-making factor.
Instead of buying new toys or tools, try sharing with friends.
Re-upholster worn out furniture instead of buying new – often the frame will far outlast the upholstery.
Buy products made from recycled materials whenever possible – sometimes these products cost less, making the choice

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.00863
Retrieved Text: Rodrigue developed a program at Moisson that collected edible waste from more than 200 of the province's grocery stores to feed people in need. You could say that he has seen his fair share of food waste (two tonnes per store monthly). "I saw the scope of food waste at many levels," said Rodrigue.
He is talking about not only the food wasted in grocery stores and other markets but also the massive amount of food wasted during production. It's not uncommon for edible food to wind up in trash bins or on warehouse floors, mostly due to poor planning. Having this bird's-eye view gave Rodrigue a different perspective.
"Non-profits usually choose products like bread and bakery goods that are already manufactured and ready to be eaten, but those aren't basic ingredients," he said. "They're already produced." Stillgood is still on the hunt for raw ingredients that may be the perfect addition to the company's products to decide what's needed to create a new product.
Rodrigue's passion for upcycling is evident, and he puts great emphasis on the fact that Stillgood isn't just a passing trend or fad. "For me, upcycling and reducing waste are a way of being," he said. "I didn't wake up one day and decide to cash in on a trend. My background is in food waste reduction."
While Stillgood is gaining traction in Montreal, that's not Rodrigue's end goal. "For me, building a company that reduces food waste is a way to try to change the way that food manufacturing is done right now."
Rodrigue wants

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.981995
Retrieved Text: Sustainability, climate protection and reduction of the CO2 emissions are still associated all too seldom with a trade fair presence or fair stand.
Climate-neutral dispatching of letters, climate-neutral printed products and even climate-neutral flights are already a reality. Climate-neutral trade fair presentations are just as possible.
It is a fact that: There will never be a fully emission-free trade fair stand. Therefore, it is all the more important to reduce the CO2 emission to a possible minimum. Like all climate-neutral services and products, the climate-neutral fair stand is based on the principle of compensating CO2 emissions, avoiding or reducing environmental pollution or recycling as many materials as possible.
Emissions that cannot be avoided are later compensated for by obtaining emission reduction certificates. With the internationally recognised certificates, investments are made world-wide in selected environment projects.
The motto is: avoid, reduce, recycle.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.755665
Retrieved Text: Insulating Oil Acidity Reduction - GlobeCore. Oil Purification Systems.
Electrical insulating oils belong to energy oils class. It also includes turbine and compressor oils. Despite the name, electrical insulating oils not only prevent possible contact between energized components of transformers, they also dissipate heat and extinguish arc in electrical switches.
The better the performance of an insulating oil, the more reliable the equipment and the longer it serves. However, oil is constantly under the influence of negative factors, such as high temperature, moisture, electric field, air etc. One of the important quality parameters of oil its acidity. In this article we look at ways of insulating oil acidity reduction.
What is the acid number and how is it measured?
The acid number is the amount of milligrams of potassium hydroxide necessary to neutralize all acids in one gram of the product. Acid number is regulated for both new and used oil. In the former case, the acid number must not exceed 0.01-0.02 mg KOH/g, while in the latter it must remain below 0.25 mg KOH/g, although specific limits for electrical insulating oils used in different types of equipment at different voltages may vary. This parameters is one of the most important in understanding the degree of oil aging. The higher the acid number, the more change has the oil undergone in the process of operation.
Acid number is measured by first taking oil samples. To determine how much the oil has aged, titration of the oil sample with alkali (KOH) is performed. The change of indicator color signifies the end of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.486696
Retrieved Text: Until recently, many business and industries have not paid much attention to the municipal solid waste a company produces. Companies are seeing a dramatic increase in the complexity and costs of managing their waste and at the same time public concern over the effects of all this waste has grown.
Innovative companies are incorporating waste reduction principles into their daily operations. What exactly is waste reduction? Waste reduction includes all actions taken to reduce the amount and/or toxicity of waste requiring disposal. It includes waste prevention, recycling, composting, and the purchase and manufacture of goods that have recycled content or produce less waste. Businesses are reviewing their entire operation to identify and implement as many opportunities for reducing waste as possible.
Waste reduction can help protect the environment as it slows the depletion of natural resources; helps reduce pollution associated with the extraction of raw materials and the manufacture of products as well as conserves valuable landfill space. Some waste reduction efforts also serve to reduce hazardous constituents in solid waste.
Recycling is the collection and use of materials that would otherwise have been discarded as the raw material in the manufacture of new products.
Composting is a natural process by which food scraps, yard trimmings, and other organic materials are collected and allowed to decompose under controlled conditions into a rich, soil-like substance called compost.
Purchasing is the procurement of products made from recycled materials and/or designed to result in less waste after their useful life.
Using or manufacturing minimal or reusable packing. Encourage suppliers to minimize the amount of packaging

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.46111
Retrieved Text: Being the leading names in industry Harjot International offers a wide assortment of Reduction GearBox. Manufactured using the finest quality material these come with rotating gears by which the motion and torque will be changed. You can now get them at very economical prices.
What is special about our Reduction GearBox?
Our Reduction GearBox comprises of high efficiency gearbox design with high torque and superior impact resistance which is primary requirement in different industry sectors. Our customers list includes some very big names that have a reputation in the market. We offer mainly two types of Reduction GearBox, worm and helical Reduction GearBox. The worm gearbox comes in U, V and O models size. In case, you worry about the money you have to pay in turn of our quality products, rest assure as our prices are the lowest in the market. We offer quality products at an exceptional cost.
In the main stream, Helical Geared Reduction Gear Boxes are utilized widely. This is one of the main product manufactured by Harjot International. Where it needs to reduce the RPM and to increase torque Helical Reduction Gear Boxes are utilized most commonly in Steel Rolling Mills.
The gear material utilized EN-9, EN-24, and High Carbon High chrome according to the requirements. The Reduction Gear Box body is fabricated from M.S. Plates and welded by MIG which flux free and spatter free. The Reduction Gear Boxes are in single stage and multi stage according to he need. These can run 4 RPM to 2000 RPM and can transmit 2 HP to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.406342
Retrieved Text: Because of their reactivity, we do not find most representative metals as free elements in nature. However, compounds that contain ions of most representative metals are abundant. In this section, we will consider the two common techniques used to isolate the metals from these compounds—electrolysis and chemical reduction.
These metals primarily occur in minerals, with lithium found in silicate or phosphate minerals, and sodium and potassium found in salt deposits from evaporation of ancient seas and in silicates. The alkaline earth metals occur as silicates and, with the exception of beryllium, as carbonates and sulfates. Beryllium occurs as the mineral beryl, Be3Al2Si6O18, which, with certain impurities, may be either the gemstone emerald or aquamarine. Magnesium is in seawater and, along with the heavier alkaline earth metals, occurs as silicates, carbonates, and sulfates. Aluminum occurs abundantly in many types of clay and in bauxite, an impure aluminum oxide hydroxide. The principle tin ore is the oxide cassiterite, SnO2, and the principle lead and thallium ores are the sulfides or the products of weathering of the sulfides. The remaining representative metals occur as impurities in zinc or aluminum ores.
Ions of metals in of groups 1 and 2, along with aluminum, are very difficult to reduce; therefore, it is necessary to prepare these elements by electrolysis, an important process discussed in the chapter on electrochemistry. Briefly, electrolysis involves using electrical energy to drive unfavorable chemical reactions to completion; it is useful in the isolation of reactive metals in their pure forms. Sodium, aluminum, and magnesium are typical examples.
Separation of the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.35183
Retrieved Text: To View our latest Brochures of tillage or harvest componentry please click on the button below.
For product information such as drawings please refer to our Download page under Resources.
Additionally, if you have an idea that could benefit the farming community we may be able to help commercialise that product. Just contact us and we can see what is possible.
> Tillage Products for wear resistance or seed placement.
> Harvest products to increase grain harvest efficiencies.
> Weed Seed Reduction with the Chaff Deck.
> Stock Feeding with The Hay Express.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.351068
Retrieved Text: Having a project quality management plan in place is necessary to help ensure your deliverable meets the goals and scope set forth by the business case of the project. It also helps to make sure your deliverable will be accepted by the target audience so the establishment of a sound revenue stream can be made.
The creation of a project quality management plan is usually done with the aid of a project management tool called a template in today’s business world. This is a preformatted document that has the best possible path for a quality plan to follow already laid out as an outline.
The specification and restrictions for your project quality management plan can be easily obtained from the approved business plan of your project. For those businesses working as a third party supplier of a deliverable, this plan should also include a quality form that keeps track of the product run.
This review form is part of the project quality management plan and is documented proof of just how the production of the deliverable maintained the pre set quality specifications. This allows your company to easily provide the necessary verification that the deliverable was made correctly and as agreed to by the two parties.
This monitoring of the production process can also be used to improve your project quality management plan. By observing what area of production has made the greatest difficulty in making the deliverable to the correct specifications, improvement can be made so more products are in specification than before.
This reduction is waste is a byproduct

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.328733
Retrieved Text: Climate change presents a real economic liability of increased risks to growth and productivity of American business. However, the silver lining in all the dire news about climate change is the opportunity for the private sector to not only quell the rising tide, but do it profitably.
Last year, World Wildlife Fund and CDP conducted a landmark study—The 3% Solution—that outlines how reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions is smart business.
Timing is critical. If U.S. businesses act now to reduce emissions 3 percent per year through 2020, they can collectively capture present value cost-savings up to $190 billion in 2020 alone. And just as importantly, these companies can put us on the pathway to change the trajectory of climate change.
Extreme weather events such as droughts, floods and storms are becoming the norm and resulting in catastrophic impacts on people and the businesses that serve them. However, science shows that we can better manage these challenges if we can keep the average temperature from exceeding two degrees above pre-industrial levels.
Our research tells us that corporate reduction goals aligned with science lead to an increased return on investments in greenhouse gas emissions mitigation. However, many corporate emission reduction goals are set through a lens of “what is possible” instead of considering “what science tells us” and looking for that return on investment.
Based upon rigorous analysis by some highly respected consulting firms, The 3% Solution offers the business case for setting ambitious reduction targets, and identifies cost savings of up to $780 billion for the U.S. corporate sector from 2010-2020.
Increasing clean

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.282604
Retrieved Text: For our first blog post, we turn to Brazil. Brazil set up a salt reduction programme in 2007 which has had a successful decade, due largely in part to the cooperation of the Brazilian food industry.
Why is salt reduction needed in Brazil?
The Brazilian Household Budget Survey 2008-20091 found that, on average, Brazilian adults consume a shocking 12g of salt per day, more than double the World Health Organisation (WHO) recommendation of 5g per day2. As we know, a high salt diet raises our blood pressure, which greatly increases our likelihood of developing coronary heart disease (CHD) and having a stroke3. It is perhaps unsurprising then, in light of the high salt intake in Brazil, that high blood pressure affects almost a third (28.7%) of the population and CHD and strokes are the main and third cause, respectively, of premature deaths (deaths in those aged under 70) in the country4.
The main source of salt in the Brazilian diet is salt and salt-based condiments added to meals at the table, which make up more than three quarters (76%) of daily salt intake1. This contrasts with developed countries like the United Kingdom and Australia where three quarters of daily intake comes from salt already present in foods, i.e. that which is added by manufacturers during processing. However, in recent years there has been a shift in eating habits in Brazil more representative of a western lifestyle, with people beginning to rely more on processed foods and foods eaten out of the home as opposed to fresh foods and meals

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.279749
Retrieved Text: Results for "Mild Organic Soap"
Water is the element that is necessary to all life on Earth, and Godai’s 水 Water Bar Soap & Shampoo mirror this element through a hydrating mix of organic cocoa butter, shea butter, and white clay to provide a smoother, healthier complexion.
Apricot kernel oil comes from the seeds of apricots. Apricot kernel oil is a light oil used as a sweetener in cooking and as a natural skin moisturizer, a base oil for soaps, and an aroma ingredient in natural skin and hair products. The oil makes for an excellent, less-greasy moisturizer that may also offer antioxidants and a possible reduction in other factors related to aging.
Cocoa butter is a vegetable fat derived from cocoa beans. Also known as Theobroma oil, cocoa butter is used as a flavorful food ingredient and a natural, aromatic and moisturizing ingredient in cosmetics, ointments, pharmaceuticals, and more. Cocoa butter is valued for its long shelf life and may offer antioxidants and a possible reduction in factors related to aging.
Shea butter is extracted from the seed of the Shea tree. It is most commonly used as a moisturizer, but can also be used as a food ingredient. Shea butter contains Vitamin A and Vitamin E, as well as other nutrients that assist in making it a super moisturizer that won't clog pores or leave a greasy residue.
Sweet almond oil is extracted from edible almond nuts. It is used primarily as an ingredient in skin and hair care products, as well as for a cooking oil. Some of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.194696
Retrieved Text: Understanding what you already have is a key first step ahead of further improvement and innovation - that was what, thanks to Sirris, beMatrix discovered in working toward the circular economy.
beMatrix, based in Roeselare, develops, produces and markets innovative, modular and reusable frame solutions for stands and events. Aluminum frames form the basis for these products which can be reused ad infinitum. beMatrix frames are 100% recyclable, being completely recycled by re-extruding the material to form profiles, from which new frames can be made. The textile or panel cladding, the material for which follows the whims of fashion, has to be separately applied to the frames. The company is always on the lookout for improvements to its products and processes. Therefore, beMatrix wanted to get a clear picture of the environmental impact of its current finishing materials before proceeding further - a job that fell to Sirris.
Sirris provided the company with a very straightforward tool providing a picture of the environmental impact of a typical stand. This involved making a detailed comparison of the impact of various choices of materials, finishes and a number of critical components. This simple approach showed that a reduction of more than 40% in the environmental impact is possible for two similar stands. Furthermore, it emerged that the most environmentally-friendly version was up to 20% cheaper.
These findings meant that beMatrix could take things forward for itself. In this way, this company with its continuing innovative capacity has now taken the step of moving toward a more circular economy.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.183786
Retrieved Text: This aspect is usually analyzed in depth only when damage occurs or when the service life of the components is reduced. However, the analysis of a lubricant may provide an indication of future problems regarding the suitability of the lubricant, future lubricant failure can be prevented.
The demands of manufacturers and users regarding the performance of lubricants have increased considerably, seeking constant improvement in order to reduce operating costs, increase reliability, and reduce the need for repairs and maintenance. The use of synthetic lubricating oils rather than mineral oils provides all these benefits, which are already known in the industry by the users of these special products.
While these benefits are known and perceivable, their proof can be complex, because they are also less tangible and in some cases difficult to measure. An additional benefit provided by the specific synthetic oils, which have been increasingly explored by presenting more tangible, i.e. measurable results, is the reduction of energy consumption. Considering this benefit, in addition to the already known mechanical benefits of reliability and less damage to the environment, it is possible to financially prove the benefit of using synthetic oils for reducing power consumption.
In the steel industry, because of this opportunity and the great amount of gearboxes in the plants, the attention given to this benefit has been growing. From the user's point of view, the reduction of total operating costs due to longer service life of the oil, lower consumption of spare parts, and lower power consumption, are shown to be significant improvement factors in the process.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.144468
Retrieved Text: Thermal insulation is intended to encourage those involved in the building process to design buildings that consume as little primary energy as possible.
Fire protection is a determining factor in the construction or standardization of a building. .
The occupants of a building experience sound in two ways: through reverberation and through the air. As such, the control of background noise affects everybody.
FIRE RESISTANCE, THERMAL INSULATION, AND ACOUSTICAL CORRECTION & NOISE REDUCTION.
PROJISO IS KEEN TO MAINTAIN A CLOSE RELATIONSHIP WITH ENGINEERINGS, BUILDERS & CONTRACTORS: PROJISO IS THE LEADING MANUFACTURER OF SPRAYED APPLIED FIBER MATERIALS-SERVING THE SPRAYED APPLIED FIBER INDUSTRY.
Slag wool is similar to rock wool, but is manufactured using by-products from steel industry blast furnaces. Unlike rock wool, this wool is grey as it contains no iron; the yellow appearance of rock wool is partly caused by the oxidation of the iron it contains.
WHAT IS SLAG WOOL ?
All of our fibrous products use slag wool only.
Slag is a steel industry by-product, recycled to produce a wool used as thermal and fire insulation. It contributes to the safety and security of people and property.
WHAT DOES PROJISO DO ?
Projiso is committed to continuous innovation and is constantly developing new products and systems.
Its unfailing attentiveness to market needs and its customers enables it to develop systems of suitable quality that correspond to the specifications provided.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.128119
Retrieved Text: Manufacturing die sets, press parts , molded-plastic parts and assembly are carried out in a total production system, it becomes possible to cost-reduction.
DONGGUAN AIKAWA TEIRON ELECTRONICS is located in DONGGUAN city in the Huanan district of Chaina's southwestern region where is well-known for "The Factory of the World," and this plant provides press parts, molded-plastic parts and assembled products to the world with high-technology as a top parts maker in Dongguan City.
In this plant, assembly section is beefed up greatly by linking the press and molded plastic division. It has become possible to increase the ratio of procurement and cost reduction. The staffs in China who carry out cost performance have devoted their continuous efforts to the research and development of new technology.
Technology produced in DONGGUAN AIKAWA as control tower of Chinese plants is instructed to WUXI AIKAWA and DALIAN AIKAWA to make the most of its technology in their manufacture lines.
■DONGGUAN AIKAWA TEIRON ELECTRONICS is ISO9001･TS16949 and ISO14001accredited plant.
Plant No.2 takes charge in the manufacture and assembly of molded plastic as products, and carries out from mold production to manufacturing molded-plastics in a total production system, and the plant is provided press parts from Plant No.1, it has become possible to enrich assembly section. Under this system, it is success to increase the efficiency of manufacturing, furthermore, research and QC activity by the staff progress the rationalization of each line and cost performance.
Molded-plastic products. Press products that retrofit plastic to press parts on another process. Assembled products.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.083836
Retrieved Text: If you really are a large supporter of Arbonne�s Swiss formulated Skincare and beauty goods, then you definitely might want to investigate the Arbonne advisor price cut. Arbonne consultants receive a deep low cost of 35% on all orders - in essence purchasing the Arbonne at wholesale. Signing up is not difficult, plus a small acknowledged simple fact is always that you don�t have to be an lively vendor on the merchandise in an effort to qualify. Joining is simple, spend a small payment to join, and also you start to get the discount. Quite often the charge will pay for alone on your very first get. Feel of it similar to a membership to a wholesale club!
Arbonne consultants should purchase any Arbonne items at 35% price reduction charges. Some Arbonne merchandise are even cheaper than 35% off for Arbonne consultants depending on what bonuses and unique provides Arbonne International has occurring in the time. From time to time, the mix of offers can enable you to definitely save around 80% off. More active Arbonne consultants get a lot more price cut than 35%.
How you can have the Arbonne specialist price cut?
It truly is incredibly straightforward to get Arbonne specialist special discounts. All a single should do is spend the $29 payment to be an Arbonne specialist after which something you purchase after that is at 35% off or maybe more. To enroll as an Arbonne specialist, you only need to sign-up online.
Are there any catches to turning out to be an Arbonne advisor and getting

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.079977
Retrieved Text: introduction size reduction perforated disc mill made in mexico machine 4.8 - 9421 Ratings ] The Gulin product line, consisting of more than 30 machines, sets the standard for our industry.
Size Reduction by Grinding as an Important Stage in Recycling . hyperboloidal mills, chopper mills, quasi-cutting mills, disk mills, Possible design implementatios of the disks a), drums b) and perforated plates .
Perforated disc mills are used for initial size reduction and pre-milling of bulky products, pulping and mashing of bulky solids (e.g. fruit and vegetables).
introduction of perforated disc mill machine BINQ Mining. size reduction perforated disc mill machine Coal processing Find the Right and the Top size . Get A Free Quote.
the principle of perforated disc mill machine - … size reduction perforated disc mill machine – Coal processing … Find the Right and the Top size reduction perforated disc mill machine for your coal handling plant!
Size Reduction Perforated Disc Mill Machine Request for Quotation You can get the price list and a GME representative will contact you within one business .

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.077991
Retrieved Text: Our value proposition defines the framework for our strategy and our actions.
Its purpose is to paint a picture of who we are and arouse interest in our company. It also aims to convey the values and guiding themes which make up the pillars of our success.
We are a global „best-in-class“ technology company.
Our products preserve resources for the future of our children.
We are a leading manufacturer of premium PCBs and a recognised manufacturer of energy-efficient and environmentally-friendly products and services.
It is our mission to contribute to the success of our customers - and in doing so achieve success ourselves!
Our customers’ goals, their trust and the pleasure we derive from continually expanding the limits of what is possible, are the drivers of our success.
In order to achieve this, we apply our wealth of experience, state-of-the-art technology, production methods and processes, as well as our expert knowledge of our target markets.
We focus on attractive and promising business opportunities. Trading as a family-run business with a long tradition, we are geared towards sustainable, long-term success. Our employees are at the heart of this success.
These build the foundation connecting our past, present and future.
We commit ourselves to the reduction of energy consumption, to energy efficiency, to the continuous improvement of our performance as well as to contributing to environmental protection.
We are striving for the reduction of our environmental impact e.g. by the recycling of materials, which actively contributes to the protection of the environment, and we consider binding commitments resulting from our activities as well the compliance to applicable law and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.049934
Retrieved Text: Did you know globally last year, the total amount of electronic waste reached 44.7 million tonnes and approximately only 20 per cent is recycled?
* Refurbish or recycle electronics instead of landfilling them.
Electronic Products Recycling Association operates regulated recycling programs in nine provinces across Canada. Please select your province to find out more about electronics recycling near you.
Swapping, sharing, or refurbishing extends product / material life cycles and diverts them from disposal. On the weekend of Waste Reduction Week, we are encouraging Canadians to think about the lifecycle of their materials and learn more about sustainable consumption, the sharing economy, and extending the life of materials through reuse.
View Video: What’s Next for the Sharing Economy?
Join the sharing economy! Why buy something you don’t need all the time when you can borrow it for a fraction of the cost! Chainsaws tents, tables for a party – these aren’t everyday items, why don’t we share them instead of owing our own? This will save resources, money and space in your house!
Today we are celebrating the champions and innovators who are disrupting traditional business models to embrace waste reduction initiatives. We will tell the stories that celebrate what is possible when organizations approach waste reduction positively and progressively and those that are moving the conversation on waste reduction forward to what the next great innovation will be.
Proclaim Waste Reduction Week in Canada and demonstrate your dedication to waste reduction and circular economy.
Nominate a person, group, community, school, or organization who is making big changes. Let us know so we can

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.993206
Retrieved Text: Internal and independent data clearly indicate that our proprietary biopreservation media products, HypoThermosol® and CryoStor®, enable significant reduction in the levels of apoptosis and necrosis, the two mechanisms of cell death, in comparison to traditional preservation media. Biologics preserved with our products have demonstrated greatly extended shelf life and increased post-preservation cell yield, viability, and functional return. This improved preservation efficacy is made possible with reduced concentrations of cryoprotectants such as DMSO, in fully defined, serum-free and protein-free formulations.
Our products and consulting services are highly valued in five key market segments; regenerative medicine, cell and tissue banking, cord blood banking, drug discovery, and organ preservation. We estimate the worldwide demand for biopreservation media products to be at least $100 million and growing at 15-20% per year.
BioLife Solutions operates two independent, multi-grade current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) suites. The facilities have received ISO13485 certification, representing a comprehensive quality management system for the design and manufacturing of medical devices. The Quality Management System also adheres to 21 CFR 820 Parts 210 and 211, covering GMP for quality system regulation of aseptic production, and ISO14644 for cleanrooms and associated controlled environments. Internal audits are performed at all critical functions with a third party reviewing internal audits.
Since the commencement of operations of our manufacturing facility in the second quarter of 2009, we have successfully passed numerous audits by current and prospective distribution partners and pharmaceutical, regenerative medicine, and contract manufacturing customers.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.925915
Retrieved Text: The chemical industry is committed to safety and this partnership supports our continuing efforts to enhance worker protection.
Did you know that every day you use many products made better with diisocyanates?
A variety of product stewardship activities that have contributed to a reduction in diisocyanate-related asthma cases.
Diisocyanates help provide the comfort you need for rest and relaxation.
Footwear in an endless variety of styles and colors are designed using polyurethanes made with diisocyanates chemistry.
Many innovative polyurethane products made with diisocyanates chemistry help make cars stronger, lighter, safer and more comfortable.
Every day, we rely on products made possible from diisocyanates (DII) chemistry such as footwear and clothing to insulation and furniture to the cars we drive, to name a few.
Diisocyanates are a family of chemical building blocks mainly used to make a wide range of polyurethane (PU) products.
This Website focuses on the two primary diisocyanates used in PU production: toluene diisocyanate (TDI) and methylenediphenyl diisocyanate (MDI).
TDI is mainly used to make flexible polyurethane foam that can be found in a wide range of everyday products including furniture, bedding, carpet underlay and packaging.
TDI is also used in the manufacture of coatings, sealants, adhesives and elastomers. TDI helps produce lighter automobile parts, saving weight and making vehicles more energy efficient.
MDI is used primarily to make rigid polyurethane foams such as insulation for your home or refrigerator, and many other uses. Insulation made with MDI can help save heating and cooling costs and conserve energy.
MDI is also used in the production of various coatings, adhesives, sealants, and elastomers used in items such

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.920656
Retrieved Text: Yield recovery from off-target herbicide injury: Will replanting or foliar products help?
With the widespread reports of off-target herbicide injury, I’ve had numerous phone calls about replanting damaged fields or the use of foliar products to recover from the herbicide injury. Many of the fields that I have walked or seen via text message received damage prior to reproduction. From research data conducted by Dr. Tom Barber (Dicamba Drift and Potential Effects on Soybean Yield), the developmental stage where the highest yield reduction was observed from drift rates of dicamba for MG IV soybean varieties was the R1 growth stage. Treatments applied to growth stages earlier than R1 showed less yield reduction (10% or less). From a three year project looking at maturity group, planting date, and latitude, the yield reduction from the maximum yield potential for a MG IV planted on July 1 in NE Arkansas is 35% and SE Arkansas is 23%. Based on results from these two studies, replanting this late in the season would potential have a greater yield reduction than keeping an herbicide-injured soybean field. The two unknown factors on many of these damaged fields is the amount of product in the off-target drift and how many events these fields have experienced. Dr. Barber’s data shows higher rates of dicamba cause greater yield reduction, but very little, if any data is available about the yield reduction on multiple off-target events.
My program has looked at several research trials examining foliar-applied products trying to maximize soybean yield. However, we have not evaluated any of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.903543
Retrieved Text: 6435 products Tags: Nano Grinder Mill Turbo Grinding Mill Horizontal Turbo balls themselves on the sample material adds to the size reduction process.
1269 products offers 1269 floor grinding machine price products. Weight 108kg Working Width 290mm/11 inch Accessories: Accessories: Part all kinds of diamond tools reduce your operation cost as much as possible 8.
40379 products Plastic Grinder For Sale Wholesale Various High Quality Plastic to reduce the size of raw material that can be plastic bottle film bag pipe TV.
3098 products Type 27 depressed center Grinding wheels Wheel size R.P. Type 42 and cheaper labor force ensure us to reduce our costs of diamond tools.
4710 products Commercial Grain Grinder Wholesale Various High Quality Commercial an accurate quotation based on your specific requirement and order volume. 2)we can suppy 500# corn grinder with high hopper and lower hopper .
1252 products offers 1252 tire rubber grinder products. are ideal for the third stage size reduction of rubber crumbs into high quality granules.
278 products And it has a large size reduction ratio so that it can replace the third crushing fine crushing and grinding in crushing and grinding process.
1335 products offers 1335 tea leaves grinding machine products. 4 Machine has water cooling system to reduce working temperature . The size of the particle can beadjusted by changing the screen with different screen holes.
5167 products Cnc Grinding Tool Machine Wholesale Various High Quality Cnc Grinding Tool power 220V 1.1KW 50/60HZ dimensions 880*900*1560 1240*1050*1560 milling cutter and drills which can reduce the equipment investment.
3448 products Grinding Rock Machine Wholesale Various High

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.88407
Retrieved Text: Garcinia is a fruit that has become well known in the eastern world, where it is indigenous, that is now becoming more well known in Lancaster CA for its believed abilities to lose fat quickly. Those in Lancaster looking to lose fat quickly may want to use Garcinia Cambogia Extract. This naturally occurring extract from plants is believed to help in weight reduction and provide the user a way to feel fuller without very much food.
Garcinia cambogia is also believed to prevent fat storage, allowing the California person to eat a lot without storing that fat from their meal. The extract may also help speed up the weight reduction process in general. With a Lancaster diet and exercise program, Garcinia cambogia extract may double the amount of excess fat one could lose in a month. By curbing the appetite, and leading the Lancaster person to eating less, Garcinia makes the body rely on its excess fat at times. The body uses them when not eating which allows for quicker loss of the excess fat in the body.
Finding the right amount to take depends on body type, overall health, age, and several other obese factors. These obese factors are considered so as to make sure the person the safe amount of Garcinia Cambogia. Lancaster California doctors may be best to determine what dosage may be best for the person’s obese situation. Taking Garcinia does not guarantee weight reduction but it has been noted to help to lose fat, or help Lancaster consumers who exercise but may face

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.856018
Retrieved Text: Addagrip Terraco is a manufacturer, formulator and supplier of a wide range of products from industrial floor coatings and screeds to resin bonded and bound gravel surfacing. We recognise that our operations will have an impact on the local and global environment and as such Addagrip Terraco is committed to the continuous exploration and development of procedures, systems and working practices that reduce the pollution and impact generated during the normal course of our business while ensuring our products remain of the highest quality.
Recognising and understanding this process means that we can reduce, offset, mitigate or eliminate our carbon use where possible and practical, allowing us to set clear objectives which we can monitor, manage and improve. Addagrip Terraco fully supports the principles of, and is committed to the sustainable use of global resources including the reduction of pollution and waste.
A Carbon Footprint is a measure of the impact human activities have on the environment in terms of the amount of green house gases produced, which is measured in units of carbon dioxide.
A Carbon Footprint is made up of the sum of two parts. The primary footprint is a measure of our direct emissions of CO2 from the burning of fossil fuels. The secondary footprint is a measure of the indirect CO2 emissions from the whole lifecycle of products we use, i.e. those associated with their manufacture and eventual breakdown.
Ensure both management and employees are aware of their responsibilities to the environment and understand and accept their individual and collective duty. This will be implemented through

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.745235
Retrieved Text: Weight Reduction Pills – What to look for!
Weight reduction pills are those tablets that are designed to either control or reduce your weight.
Weight reduction pills have proven to be very popular with the growing obesity and weight problems which have reached epidemic proportions both in the United Kingdom and on a global level. There are different types of weight reduction pills which will either retard your fat intake or help to burn off existing fat, some of the best weight reduction pills will actually work in both of these areas.
Weight reduction is possible if you put in the time and effort to make it work for you.
Weight reduction is defined as being a reduction of the total body weight. This can be either loss of fluids, bone mass, muscle or fat.
You should always read reviews on the particular weight reduction pills to find out which are the best weight reduction pills for you. It is important that if you lose weight with pills that you do it in a controlled, healthy and safe way. If you do lose weight with pills bear in mind that the best weight reduction pills will allow you to lose weight steadily.
Weight reduction that is undertaken at a slower pace will be more likely to be sustainable and more likely to be permanent.
Prescription, and the top none prescription, weight reduction pills are an effective form of weight reduction treatment and can help you to lose a significant amount of weight reasonably quickly. There are a wide variety of weight reduction pills

================



======= Instance Index 1718 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

Carbon is the most important element to life. Without this element, life as we know it would not exist. As you will see, carbon is the central element in compounds necessary for life-organic compounds. These compounds include carbohydrates, lipids, proteins and nucleic acids.


Q: What is the most important element to life?

 Choices:

- nitrogen

- carbon

- hydrogen

- oxygen

A:

Target Text: carbon

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.840261
Retrieved Text: People with experiences in astrology might find these steps dull and boring, but these basic steps undoubtedly help broaden and deepen our understanding to a person’s natal chart.
I always ask my students who first learn astrology, “From where should we address a chart?” Some say Sun, some say ASC, and I would say they are somehow all correct since both Sun and ASC are important points. However, if we tidy up and organise the proportion of elements and mode in our very first step, we will have a more complete understanding on this chart.
Elements – usually we only count Sun, Moon, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, ASC and MC. The way we do this is to consider the signs that these planets fall into. For example, if Venus is in Aries, give Fire element one mark, regardless of its dignity.
Then, we should be able to find out the strongest and weakest element of this chart, for example you may find an element tenanted by 4 planets. However, if the ratio among the 4 elements are 3: 2: 2: 2, we would instead say that the elements are rather balanced in this chart. For a person whose Sun is in the Air element, if the Earth element is emphasised in his chart, the properties of Earth will still be the most prominent traits in his life. Air is thinking, Earth, is pragmaticallity, Fire is actions, whereas Water is feelings and emotions.
Next, find out the weakest element. Note that a weak element mau reflect what one may overlook

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.728903
Retrieved Text: Should performance mgmt be a part of total records?
What term should total rewards be replaced with?
What is the most important change you have seen in total rewards in the past 3-5 years?
What will be the most important change in total rewards in the next 3-5 years?
They are interesting questions to think about. My views? While the overall concept of total rewards hasn’t changed dramatically, the meaning of each element has.
As priorities shift from compensation and benefits to work life, development, there still exists a stark difference in how the elements are viewed across geographies. With business shifting globally, it is important to figure out what priorities a certain geography places over another. For e.g.: Work Life may prove to be a higher priority in the States as compared to in Asia.
Go take the survey now and let me know what you think!
It will be interesting to see what World at Work comes up with at the conclusion of this exercise.
‹ PreviousWalk me through the toughest business decision you’ve made!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.672691
Retrieved Text: LIFE: Time is life. How well you make your days determine your life.
CHANGE: A change happens by time or process.
MOST IMPORTANT: Time is the most important element in every relationship/creation: between humans and between God and man. For example considers the aspect of life creation between humans and other living things- time is highly crucial and must be effectively because they should be available at the same time.
EFFECTIVENESS: TIME makes a thing/event Effective: E.g. we meet here (location) by 9am, 29 December 17, 2018. Location is in TIME, the Hour is TIME and so is the date.
CREATIVITY AND INVESTMENT: Time is used to create ideas, money, jobs etc through service or product. Most at times you are employed (to create your income) by investing your time or expertise. And remember that what every expertise you have was receive over time.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.524485
Retrieved Text: Magnesium is a chemical element with the element symbol Mg.
Magnesium in conjunction with calcium is responsible for the alkalinity (KH), i.e. the hardness of water.
An overconcentration of phosphate in salt water aquariums leads to an over fertilisation of the corals that live in symbiosis with the zooxanthellae, which in turn leads to brown coloured corals.
Carbonates are important for the corals’ carbon supply. The carbon contained in the bicarbonates is important for the photosynthesis of the corals.
Iodine is extremely important for most reef species, especially invertebrates require it to sustain their cell functions.
Iron is a trace element that is indispensable to life for almost all species, in animals especially for the formation of blood.
Calcium is extremely important for most reef inhabiting species, foremost however for stone algae and coralline algae.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.501366
Retrieved Text: As the calendar comes around to Spring in the northern hemisphere, Feng Shui’s yearly cycle kicks into high gear with the return of the Wood element as our guiding Chi force.
Wood celebrates New Beginnings: green shoots of young plants and new life emerging everywhere you look.
What’s in this special season for you?
Spring and the symbolism of Wood provide the year’s perfect Chi moment for making a fresh start in the most important parts of your life.
Visualize growing Wood to help yourself branch out into new ventures and initiate projects.
Use the strength and flexibility of Wood to tackle difficult challenges with grace.
Use the strength, honesty and forgiving nature of Wood to heal relationships that have gone awry.
Use the upward movement of Wood to overcome obstacles and rise above them.
The season of renewal supports you as you address your challenges with a powerful sense of purpose.
Here are a few easy Feng Shui tips for activating the Wood element this spring.
Replace tired plants with fresh, healthy ones that bring a sense of growth into your space.
Toss any “dead wood” you might have around – dried flowers, potpourri and the like – to make room for healthy energy.
Clear surface clutter to give Spring’s renewed Chi a welcoming path into your life.
Open your windows as often as possible to access the airy freshness of Springtime.
If you’ve been thinking about getting a fountain, now is the perfect time because the Water element creates and nourishes Wood energy.
Spring gives you an opportunity to make a fresh start. What are your biggest challenges right

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.32425
Retrieved Text: Your night is our life.
When planning any big event, from a graduation party to a wedding or other celebration, the most important element is the entertainment.
That’s why we've got entertainment in our name! m entertainment is dedicated to taking your special occasion from ordinary to extraordinary. Our experienced DJs will work closely with you to create the atmosphere you desire and an event your guests will never forget.
We love what we do. We love music. And most of all, we love bringing your event to life with music. It’s our passion and we look forward to sharing it with you.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.287525
Retrieved Text: With The Bremec Group, each new project is a new way of life. As you browse through our highlighted properties, notice each landscape’s style and brilliance. Your landscape, too, will be one of a kind. You are the most important element of the design.
What makes the Bremec Group different?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.237911
Retrieved Text: The human body is made up of Panchmahabhoot Tatva or five elements, i.e. , Fire, Water, Air, Space and Earth. It is essential that these elements exist in harmony, both within and outside the body, so that we can have a healthy body, a healthy mind and a peaceful environment.
Earth, the third planet in order from the Sun/Suryadev, is a big magnet with North and South poles as centers of attractions. It is the first and foremost element of Vaastu as well as nature. Earth or Prithvi influence human lives as it have gravitational and magnetic qualities. When balanced, this element induces stability in your life - be it your career, behavior, relationships, or results of your efforts. It encourages towards a feeling of peace and harmony with the entire wond. The Earth is tilted by about 23 1/2 degrees at the meridian. It comprises of the land structure, land form, landscape, flora and fauna.
Water or Jal is considered as second most important element of Vaastu after Earth. However, water is one of the largest elements of nature as over 80 percent of our body and two-third of earth’s surface is filled with water. In Vaastu there is one proper direction for the placement of water sources. This is represented by rain, river, sea and is in the form of liquid, solid (ice) and gas (steam, cloud). It forms part of every plant and animal. If we see our history, all the cultures had developed on the bank of any water bodies, so this shows the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.19621
Retrieved Text: How many times have you looked for that one thing it would take to change your life around? Did this involve trying something new? Did this involve something you tried before but felt you needed to “try harder” with the next time?
And what was the result for you?
Listen to this podcast episode as Chaney gives you the first and most important thing you can do to start transforming the areas of life most important to you so you never have to feel desperate and uncertain ever again.
How your life is always transforming even though most people are not aware of it.
How the quality of your life (and the transformation you seek) is determined by asking (and then answering) quality questions.
A very simple question to answer every day that immediately begins to transform your life.
How much time it takes for the life transformation you want to have happen…and why it may be different for certain parts of your life.
The one area of your life that you’re able to have an immediate life transformation in.
What you can expect to happen in every area of your life when it comes to transforming your life in that certain area.
What is involved in attracting the people and opportunities to you that help you achieve your goals even if you don’t know the “how” part right now.
The “deep connection” element that’s involved (and is necessary) and how this is the guiding force responsible for transforming your life.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.942629
Retrieved Text: Remember the periodic table from chemistry class in school? Researchers from Lund University in Sweden have presented fresh evidence that confirms the existence of a previously unknown chemical element. The new, super-heavy element has yet to be named.
"This was a very successful experiment and is one of the most important in the field in recent years", said Dirk Rudolph, Professor at the Division of Atomic Physics at Lund University.
The new evidence for the chemical element with atomic number 115 will be presented in the scientific journal Physical Review Letters on August 27, 2013.
Wasnt Ununpentium synthesized in 2003?
Bob Lazar element! Now we can fuel our UFO's.
@bearly: Same as usual, test and improve our theories of the atomic nucleus.
and what about Ununpentium ?
"the researchers have also gained access to data that gives them a deeper insight into the structure and properties of super-heavy atomic nuclei."
So what are the properties of this element? What is its half-life?
I do find it an interesting coincidence that Germany is releasing this work, when they "supposedly" attempted to make a UFO, ie the famed NAZI BELL.
"All elements with an atomic number above 82 (lead) are unstable, and the "stability" (half-life of the longest-lived known isotope) of elements generally decreases with rising atomic numbers from the relatively stable uranium (92) upwards to the heaviest known element: 118. It increases in the range of elements 103 to 105, then decreases at element 106, and increases very slightly in the range of elements 110 to 114, hypothesized to be at the beginning of the island of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.84173
Retrieved Text: Meaningful work is a deeply important element in most people’s lives. We all need to feel useful in the world, be appreciated for our unique talents and perspectives, and provided in turn with enough compensation that we can enjoy a balanced life outside of work. However, what makes each person feel useful, appreciated and balanced is different and there’s no formula that works for everyone to attain what they want. In this workshop you will learn about how astrology can help you identify priorities, talents and strategies for making the most of what you have. We will focus specifically on self-employment and business strategies for artists and other creatively minded people.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.623951
Retrieved Text: We all know that our body is composed of the five elements of nature, known as the Panch bhoot tatva or maha tatwas in yogic science. Dr. Puneet Chawla gives us tips to cleanse each of the five elements within us, which when practiced regularly, can lead to a sense of rejuvenation and wellbeing within. However, before getting into a mystical process of achieving these elements, it is very essential to stabilize these five fundamental elements. The body, the very earth, the universe, and the cosmos, all are just a play of five elements. The body’s composition is such that most of it is water. Then there is earth, air, fire, and the rest is akash or etheric space.
As per Dr. Chawla’s understanding, how these five elements behave within us determines just about everything. Bhuta means element, bhuta shuddhi means to become free from the taint of elements or to cleanse the elements. It means to become free from the physical nature. Most human beings are completely in the grip of their physiological and psychological processes. Our physiology is something that we have accumulated. Likewise, the whole content of our psychological process has been accumulated in the form of impressions.
Between these two processes, who we are existentially, the nature of our being, is completely missed. If you want to access dimensions that are not yet in our experience, dimensions that are considered mystical, the first thing that we need to do is to start cleansing the five elements within you. When the elements are pure, we

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.490717
Retrieved Text: Prayer is the most important element of the believer’s life.
Therefore, our portal comes to the aid of anyone who seeks inspiration for prayer, wants to learn to pray right. Here you will find not only specific examples of prayer and comments for each prayer but also the Ultimate Prayer Guide, which step by step explains what is prayer, how to pray right and how to reveal the secrets of the world of prayer.
If you have any questions, suggestions, or want to send us your prayer text, we kindly invite you to contact us.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.374647
Retrieved Text: Book: “Living Forever Young: The 10 Secrets to Optimal Strength, Energy and Vitality” by Skip Archimedes, Watkins Publishing, 256 pages.
Right away when you learn about the author Skip, you have to be amazed. He was a gymnast but had an accident and broke his back. He was told by doctors and specialists that he would never walk again. Within 18 months, he was back on his feet and winning a championship, the English Sports Acrobatics Championship. He has helped change many people including his mother who walks her dog and swims a 100 lengths every day. What is also very important to note is that the forward was written by David “Avocado” Wolfe who is well known in the natural health industry.
The ten main chapters of the book are:Breathe, Move, Nourish, Rest, Love, Shine, Believe, Learn, Commit and Live. This book is not an exercise or nutrition book but more of a life-enhancement book. It is important to have an alkaline body – not one based on acid.
With the first element breathing, it is important to breathe deeply with the exhale longer than the inhale. Interestingly, breathing deals with 70% of toxins. Breathing during exercise or while outdoors is important. Try to exercise for 30 to 45 minutes of good breathing. The second element, movement is important to your body and Skip offers up his Mom as an example. At 69, she had physical troubles, then she went on one of Skip’s retreat and lost 28 pounds and soon afterwards took up swimming and walking her

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.310215
Retrieved Text: Ken Robinson, author of the international bestseller The Element and the most viewed talk on TED.com, offers a practical guide to discovering your passions and natural aptitudes, and finding the point at which the two meet: Finding Your Element.Through a range of stories from his own experience and those of people from all walks of life, Ken Robinson explores the diversity of intelligence and the power of imagination and creativity. For some, finding their element has brought fame and success, like Ellen McArthurs unusual journey from growing up in a landlocked ex-mining town to achieving sailing glory. However many of the inspiring stories are of ordinary people who read the first book and were moved to share how its principles have transformed their lives, like the man who found fulfilment as a magician after years of working as a computer engineer. This book also provides the tools, techniques, resources and advice you need to discover the depth of your abilities and identify opportunities for change. It looks at the conditions that enable you to find yourself: why its so important to connect with people who share your element and why your attitudes may be holding you back.Finding Your Element shows that age and occupation are no barriers to discovering what makes us happiest, and that once we have found our path we can help others to do so as well.Sir Ken Robinson, Ph.D, is an internationally recognized leader in the development of creativity, innovation, and human potential. He advises governments, corporations, education systems, and some of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.17952
Retrieved Text: we are well aware of how important realistic and sustainable health management is.
the life cycle, and researches health products and services to provide to our customers.
This is because ‘nutritional balance’ is the most important element.
FIND your healthy balance with LABALANCE.
so you can respond to one’s passion with passion.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.1583
Retrieved Text: Many self-improvement books suggest that the most important element of success is a strong sense of Life Purpose. Or, they might suggest that you must follow your passion, or that you must, as Joseph Campbell so colorfully proclaimed, "follow your bliss". They go on to say that once you identify what your are passionate about you will know exactly what to do, have abundant energy to do it and that the universe will assist you on your path. That rings true. However, these same books offer little or no information on identifying one's passion, purpose, core desire... Many of us, then, are left wondering.
Finding your Life Purpose, Core Desires, Burning Passions, Guiding Values is perhaps one of the most difficult things to do yet it is the thing that enables you make a 'dent in the universe' to use Steve Jobs' famous phrase. Many great minds have produced superb one-liners on the subject but I'll close with a paraphrase of just one from Bob Dylan, "If a woman gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what she wants to, then she is a success.
This site helps you find your Life Purpose.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.144855
Retrieved Text: Five Element Theory in Chinese Medicine states that each season (spring, summer, late summer, autumn and winter) possess their own energetic dynamics and movement of Qi (energy; life force).They ebb and flow from one to another. Understanding this energetic nature of the rhythm of life helps us as humans to adapt so that we move with grace from season to season.
The late summer is ruled by the Earth Element. The season governs the Stomach and Spleen (and Pancreas) and rules our digestive vitality. When the earth element is in balance we nourish ourselves and those around us in a supportive manner. We give and receive appropriately.
When in balance, the earth element gives us strong muscles, vibrant energy and ability to think and study clearly. When out of balance, the body is weak, the muscles soft and flaccid, and there can be obesity and disharmony of the digestive track.
The period between 7 and 9 AM is the time in which nature gives the stomach a measure of extra energy. This is the optimum time to take in nourishment. Yes, breakfast is the most important meal of the day! We should instinctively begin the day as we did when we were infants, with fuel in the tank.
The Spleen according to Chinese medicine is the organ in charge of transporting. Its optimum time of activity is from 9 AM to 11 AM. Since the stomach has prepared the food or nourishment, the spleen provides the energy to move nourishment to the cells and into the body.
A healthy Spleen not

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.134415
Retrieved Text: Depression can lead to anxiety, and anxiety can lead to depression. The relationship between depression and anxiety is not just a oneway street. Having an anxiety disorder is the single most significant predictor that a person will develop depression. The research clearly suggested that placing too much homework can cause lower grades and even lead pupils to begin suffering from depression. Can homework cause depression? Yes, if a pupil is inundated with too much homework their life balance is thrown out of all proportion.
School, homework, extracurricular activities, sleep, repeat thats what it can be for some of these students, said Noelle Leonard, Ph. D.a senior research scientist at the New York University College of Nursing, and lead study author, in a press release.
Word choice is so important thats why timed essays are not cool im so misunderstood. how to write the first paragraph in an argumentative essay the treaty of waitangi essay utc research paper what is the most important element of an argumentative essay argumentative essay on teaching methodology wise owl research paper mental health Homework can cause depression? Yes, if a student is over loaded with too much homework their life balance is thrown out of all proportion.
All children and adults too, should adopt an 888 circadian rhythm to life where eight hours workschool, eight hours play and eight hours rest (sleep) plays an important factor to how we all roll. Can this much homework cause depression? Well, researchers found that spending too much time on homework meant that students were not meeting their

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.110641
Retrieved Text: The light at the end of the tunnel that is the transition to Spiritual Consciousness.
This talk was recorded live at the September 2009 Master Course in Lake Mary, Florida.
"Now at the lower end, the mixture of physical universe and awareness is called “Animal Consciousness”, in the middle, the mixture of physical universe and awareness is called “Intellectual Consciousness”, and at the top, the mixture of physical universe and awareness is called “Spiritual Consciousness”. So you have three domains here. And as you go up from the physical universe, up this line, the influence of the physical universe becomes less, and the influence of infinite being becomes greater.
Most respected teachers will tell you that the most important undertaking of life is the journey that you make across these three domains.
The Buddhist follows the path of dharma, which means in essence, taking those actions that you believe will result in the most good. Always do what you believe is right. This has a strong element of personal responsibility, because what you believe is right depends upon where you are in a domain."
For people looking to take control of their life.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.011936
Retrieved Text: Staffan Rydin is a Leadership Coach and Management Consultant at The Integral Business Leadership Group. Prior to becoming a consultant and coach, Staffan was CEO of a preeminent international online lead-generation subsidiary that worked as a strategic partner with industry-leading affiliate websites and portals. For Staffan, “walking the talk” is an important element of his consulting and coaching practice – to embody and practice what he encourages and supports his clients to do and be. Staffan was born and raised in Stockholm, Sweden, and has spent most of his life in Europe. He moved to British Columbia, Canada, in 2006 and currently lives with his wife in Vancouver.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.894142
Retrieved Text: Visit the restaurant of the hotel "Friendship" - the best place for a romantic date, relax with friends and celebrating the most important celebrations of your life: anniversary, wedding or birthday.
Hall of the restaurant "Author"
Hall of the restaurant "Author" is the main hall of the restaurant "Druzhba" and is ideal for various events, celebrations, banquets, etc.
Hall of the restaurant "The element of fire"
Capacity: 30 seats. Dinner at the restaurant will brighten up your copyright evening, delicious food from the chef will surprise even the most discerning palate. The fire will warm the soul and give a warm atmosphere.
Hall of the restaurant "The element of water"
In our dining room has a cozy atmosphere, where you can spend as a business dinner, and not a big celebration in a circle of close friends.
Comfortable banquet room for negotiations, business lunches, meetings in a narrow circle of friends and colleagues. Exquisite interior design creates a comfortable atmosphere.
The most important events in life decided to celebrate in a big way, and our institution is able to do everything possible so that you will remember forever holiday.
Hotel - Restaurant complex "Druzhba" invites you to attend a summer playground!
Wedding ceremony can be performed in any place pleasant to you.
Special offers from the restaurant "Druzhba"

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.893341
Retrieved Text: Sulfur is the element of war. It is the biblical brimstone (as in fire and brimstone), and it is one of the three ingredients in gunpowder. Like lead, gold, and phosphorus it is one of the classic elements of alchemy. Sulfur is also one of the elements with an absolutely unmistakable smell.
The smell of sulfur makes me think of gunpowder, because that's what I used to make with it as a teenager. Burning sulfur is unpleasant, but sulfur powder itself I find very pleasant, though possibly this is just because of its long association with the excitement of making fireworks and the like. Other people may find the smell less uplifting.
In addition to its warlike uses, sulfur is used in medicine and gardening, which means you can buy it in pharmacies and garden centers (see below for specific examples of each). This is great if you need some to make gunpowder.
Apologies if you've heard all this before, but I couldn't resist sharing some fascinating information regarding sulfur remembered from my college/graduate classes. I too have something of an inexplicable fondness for sulfur. It's the biogeek in me. Sulfur is arguably one of the most critical elements in biology after carbon. Certainly a case can be made for other elements such as sodium, but to me it is not merely the essential nature of sulfur that makes it so neat, but the ways in which it is essential. Sulfur is a component of two important amino acids, cysteine and methionine. Amino acids are, of course, the building

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.854568
Retrieved Text: Self-esteem or positive self-image is considered to be the single most important element determining the level of success you’re going to enjoy in life. We usually attribute failure to a lot of external factors, but according to many self-help experts, low self-esteem may be a major underlying reason behind it. To mark the importance of self-esteem as a critical element of our character, February is observed as the International Boost Your Self-Esteem month.
What is affecting your self-esteem It’s important to know what is affecting your self-esteem. It may be your traumatic past, some abuse you might have been subjected to, or your own critic sitting inside you. Once you identify the reason, you can find ways to work on it.
Connect with people who love you Critics may cause harm to your self-esteem and can hurt or deeply upset you. Therefore, it’s required for you to connect with people who love you. In our fast paced society, we must employ a support network to guard against these setbacks.
Learn to say “no” – If you don’t want to do something, simply don’t do it. Don’t try to please others. Set your own rules – Draw the line and decide how much you are going to do for others. Take charge of your own decisions – This habit will go a long way in making you self-reliant and successful.
Set yourself a challenge If you always worry about what people will think about you, you may never be able to achieve anything wonderful in life. Pick small but challenging goals;

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.8106
Retrieved Text: Life and relationships can feel complicated sometimes.
We blend heart-centered counseling techniques and research-based therapy methods to help our clients improve their lives and relationships.
Are you ready for peace for your heart & mind?
You can gain a better understanding for yourself and others, learn new skills for life-long positive change, and feel less alone.
Love, heal, and grow. Lead your most meaningful life.
Hi, I’m Megan, licensed therapist and founder of Love Heal Grow Counseling.
We help our clients reconnect to what matters most – their relationships and values – so that they can lead a more fulfilling life.
Why work with us? Along with our compassion (We’re easy to talk to), we bring years of experience and advanced research-based methods to the table (we know our stuff).
We also know the importance of valuing you and your perspective. You bring the most important element of therapy–yourself. With your openness, honesty and commitment to counseling, we’ll get to the heart of the matter so you can heal, grow and begin to lead a more fulfilling life.
We love the diversity of Sacramento and we embrace all people and relationships.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.783144
Retrieved Text: What is digital media and how can I use it in my daily life?
Digital media is a mixture of virtual components and creative visuals that create a compelling experience. A recorded PowerPoint presentation, a video game, or an animated story are all examples of digital media. Digital media brings together the best of multiple worlds and engages the audience from multiple avenues, ensuring increased engagement. attention, and (usually) call to action.
When giving a presentation in front of an audience, what are some key elements to keep in mind in order to maintain audience engagement?
One very important principle is simplicity. Keeping your message simple and succinct ensures that the audience will remember it. Another important concept is relevance, it is important to tailor your message to your audience as much as possible to ensure the highest level of interest and engagement. Lastly, it is important to design your presentation with significant visuals and minimal text. Studies show that visuals increase presentation engagement by 48%.
What are 7 of the most popular concepts of design that are often applied in illustration?
The seven most typical principles are: 1. Line, 2. Negative Space, 3. Form, 4. Texture, 5. Transparency, 6. Scale, and 7. Color. These concepts can be used and applied to different degrees in illustration for the purpose of bringing unique form and design to a piece. Each element holds it's own unique characteristics. For example: Scale can be used to draw attention to particular elements in a piece while line can be used to give style and movement to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.759735
Retrieved Text: The most critical an important part of how Ultius will it meet your needs is basically that you will quickly realize each individual an element of the creating activity. We never would like you to genuinely feel uncomfortable preceding at any stage of buying your select, and now we tell you what is going on with every element of your documents.
The conversations set up we now have established always makes the many visibility easy for our valued clients to make usage of. Writers, professionals reply very fast towards your thoughts, as perform the customer support representatives. All those representatives are offered also 24/7 which happens to be very beneficial for those of you consumers who will be up later part of the working at other give good results. Have you been getting a legal help which enables you to you detect thesis authors or dissertation writers which might talk with you together with help you get within the last difficulty before you actually receive your improved level. Dissertation is the massive and a lot daunting thing to do inside the students life span.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.758982
Retrieved Text: How did you hear about my research?
What social media platforms do you use? Facebook, Twitter, Eventbrite? Skype? LinkedIn, WhatsApp?
How important is digital media in your business and personal life? In my personal life very important. In relation to my line of work not so much, however there’s a trend where Housing organisations are using social media more.
How do you use social media for business, social interaction, fun, or current affairs? I mainly use social media for social interaction, current affairs, my opinions. The fun element I keep quite low key/personal on my social media platforms. I use Social Media to brand me as a professional and build my work ethic and credibility.
Do you use Social media on your mobile phone? Yes, That’s probably the only way I use social media now. Especially with the rapid development of Apps, the need to be in front of a computer is not as necessary.
How important is digital media to your business or personal life? Important. I try not to rely on it too much, or get sucked in but the ease of obtaining and using the information on the move is integral.
Do you buy or read magazines, journals or newspapers online? Yes, books, blogs, comments online, Newspapers not often. Journals when I am studying are definitely online.
How much of your business and professional life is conducted online? Most of my business and professional life is online, the way I communicate, respond and introduce myself normally starts with an electronic introduction and then moves to a face to face or

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.663017
Retrieved Text: An abstract element instantiates itself by assigning a concrete element to each of its abstract components. Such set of assignments is called a mapping.
`a joke', `a manufacturing technique', `a tale', etc.
`being told', `being thought', `propagate', etc.
Instantiation 1. "A joke is told."
Instantiation 2. "A manufacturing technique is thought."
Spreading <==> Telling (of the joke).
Spreading <==> Teaching (of the manufacturing technique).
Complex abstract information makes use of a number of smaller abstract elements. Each of these elements can be instantiated in a number of ways. However, not all combinations do make sense.
Each combination of instantiations of the elements is a mapping. The memory of what mappings make sense and what mappings have been failing in the past is called experience. The use of experience plays an important role in the instantiation of complex information.
Experience can also be described as the restriction of the instantiation of one element imposed by the instantiation of other elements.
We can imagine an ideal situation in which each aspect of an abstract information element can be instantiated independently. However, in a real situation, the choices of the instantiation of the several elements are not independent.
Because an information element spends energy in attempting to find a proper mapping, less energy is wasted when successful mappings are remembered.
Suppose information life and biological life are two instantiations of some more abstract principles of life. By consciously building a mapping between both concrete life forms (information life and biological life) and the abstract notion of life, we build some indirect links between these worlds. Once these links are established, we

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.650606
Retrieved Text: ‘According to Faizal, the film failed to realistically portray the look, feel and music of what he refers to as a familiar space. Faizal told Mumbai Mirror, “Let me first make it clear that we’re great fans of Imtiaz Ali, Ranbir Kapoor and A R Rahman Saab. But we live in the space that the film describes. Ranbir had a very Sufiana-rock get-up. When Bilal and I go on stage, we wear normal jeans and t-shirts, we don’t dress up like that.
‘With regard to the film’s most important element- the music, the real-life rock star believes that the lyrics of the song Sadda Haq do not connect with the journey of Ranbir’s character. “Rock music is about a consistent statement on life. The statement can’t change from city to city. Ranbir’s character was in love. Lekin woh Laila-Majnu wali junoon nahin tha.

================



======= Instance Index 445 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 




Q: Where do the eggs develop?

 Choices:

- the glands

- the ovaries

- the follicles

- the uterus

A:

Target Text: the ovaries

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.863745
Retrieved Text: Do Fleas Lay Their Eggs in a Dog's Skin?
If Fido seems itchy, it might be because he's infested with fleas.
Fleas are parasitic insects that can plague your pooch, living in his coat and feeding on his blood. These pests multiply quickly and plentifully, laying their eggs on the surface of his skin and coat, but not within the skin itself. In fact, once the fleas lay their eggs, those eggs quickly fall off of your pup and into his environment, where they develop into adults and look to infest more pups.
Fleas feed on your pup's blood and the saliva from their bites usually causes your pooch's skin to become itchy. These pests live in the environment and when they sense your pup nearby, they can jump onto his coat, where they live and multiply. Just one female flea can lay up to 40 eggs per day, according to the Purina website. These small, oval-shaped white eggs won't stay on your pup's coat or skin, but usually will fall off and settle into his environment. If the environment is warm, in about 10 days the eggs develop into larvae and then adults, who will jump onto your dog or another to start the cycle again.
Unlike other external parasites, such as some species of mites, fleas don't burrow under your pup's skin, nor do they lay their eggs under the skin. Instead, the fleas themselves live on the surface of the skin, where you can see them if you comb through the hair on Fido's coat. These opportunistic

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.5084
Retrieved Text: Aedes aegypti is a so-called holometabolous insect. This means that the insects goes through a complete metamorphosis with an egg, larvae, pupae, and adult stage. The adult life span can range from two weeks to a month depending on environmental conditions. The life cycle of Aedes aegypti can be completed within one-and-a-half to three weeks (see figure 1).
After taking a blood meal, female Aedes aegypti mosquitos produce on average 100 to 200 eggs per batch. The females can produce up to five batches of eggs during a lifetime. The number of eggs is dependent on the size of the bloodmeal. Eggs are laid on damp surfaces in areas likely to temporarily flood, such as tree holes and man-made containers like barrels, drums, jars, pots, buckets, flower vases, plant saucers, tanks, discarded bottles, tins, tyres, water cooler, etc. and a lot more places where rain-water collects or is stored. The female Aedes aegypti lays her eggs separately unlike most species. Not all eggs are laid at once, but they can be spread out over hours or days, depending on the availability of suitable substrates. Eggs will most often be placed at varying distances above the water line. The female mosquito will not lay the entire clutch at a single site, but rather spread out the eggs over several sites.
The eggs of Aedes aegypti are smooth, long, ovoid shaped, and roughly one millimeter long. When first laid, eggs appear white but within minutes turn a shiny black. In warm climates eggs may develop in as little as two

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.459208
Retrieved Text: The purpose of the Egg Tumblers is to allow freshwater to circulate over eggs that have been removed from the female mouth brooder. A fresh supply of clean water allows fish eggs to develop in an oxygen rich environment and where fungus development is suppressed without the use of chemicals. Incubation occurs in the same aquarium where the fish are breeding to provide identical water conditions during incubation period. Egg Tumblers create a gentle rolling action to simulate the normal incubation of these fish in the females mouth. You should only use non-adhesive fish eggs in the tumbler.
Save the eggs from parents that swallows or spits clutch after clutch of viable eggs.
Females with eggs in their mouths cannot eat enough to remain in top condition.
Moving females into rearing tanks is stressful and could be limited by the availability of tanks to accommodate them.
Females without eggs in their mouths can defend themselves better.
Females can also spawn again sooner after being stripped of their eggs.
Strip eggs into a net in the tank that the female is going back into to prevent the slippery fish faling back into the tank.
Only use a tool to open female’s mouths as a last resort. Tropheus and Labeotropheus can be difficult because of their under-slung mouths.
Spend no more than thirty seconds stripping a fish. If the fish is difficult to strip then don’t do it.
Once the fish’s mouth is open over the net, simply bobbing the fish in and out of the water head down will cause the eggs to fall out. The

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.183077
Retrieved Text: Its failures which are different from  master one (https://nexedi.erp5.net/test_result_module/20180412-3501D1A/1) seems unrelated to my changes thus I propose to emrge it in and include in next webrunner release.
When slapgrid run promises, it now save promise logs. Thus we need to logrotate them.
dependencies and allow to set custom parameter to use in promise.
Instead of having running test installing eggs with setuptools during `python setup.py test`, which fails for `caucase` because one of its dependency (namely `cryptography`) cannot be installed so easily, we want to install the dependencies via buildout, using the same installation methods than in the actual software profiles using our eggs.
What I initially believed would be a small change turned out to be a long journey, especially because of using a develop version of `slapos.recipe.cmmi` caused signature changes in the parts installed by this recipe ( `git`, `openssl` etc - some parts that takes a bit of time to install ) so I had to fight with the software being reinstalled each time. Even though the cases which leads to reinstallation are understood (this even involved fixing a bug in buildout slapos.buildout!14 ), this is still the case. Some solutions are proposed in the commit message of f4b6eeda , but this reached a state where we can consider first merging with this known problem or discuss ways of improving that before merging if it's considered as blocking. Current state is that it takes one hour to re-install what has to be reinstalled and run the test suite on test runner.
* some `slapos.cookbook` are improved so

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.178759
Retrieved Text: Eel life-cycle. Computer illustration showing the life-cycle of a typical eel (order Anguilliformes). Clockwise from top: an adult lays eggs in salt water, which hatch into transparent larvae, known as leptocephali. Leptocephali then develop into glass eels which head upstream into freshwater rivers where they develop into yellow eels and then silver eels, which head back into the sea. Once back in seawater, the silver eels continue to grow into adult eels, which then go on to lay more eggs.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.086533
Retrieved Text: Since eggs are such a well-loved kind of food, it is no wonder people express some concern about the kind of egg they are eating.
One of these concerns is whether the eggs they got from the supermarket are fertilized eggs or not.
But wait, aren’t all eggs supposed to be fertilized in the first place?
It is a known fact that hens lay eggs.
However, what is not very well known is that hens can lay eggs with or without the presence of a rooster.
Like human females, a hen is born with all the eggs she will ever have.
When she reaches maturity, somewhere around the 16th-20th week of life, the egg is released into the oviduct where it will begin it’s journey, along the way adding the egg white, shell membranes, and shell.
Immediately after the yolk is released, it goes into a “holding area” called the infundibulum for about 15 minutes. If the yolk is to be fertilized, it needs to happen here during this short 15-minute window.
A hen’s bodies can store a rooster’s sperm for up to a week after mating, to be used during this window. The entire process of forming an egg will take about 24 hours to complete.
If the hen has mated within the past week, as long as the rooster is healthy, it is a good bet the eggs she lays will be fertilized.
For a fertilized egg to begin developing, around 100 degrees with 60% humidity for several hours.
It takes about 3 days of incubating at proper conditions for any visible changes or veining

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.047068
Retrieved Text: How do I recognize a wasp?
There are several varieties of wasps in Canada, including the yellow jacket, hornet and paper wasp. Colour ranges from black to combinations of black with yellow, white or brown markings. The slim, winged body measures 10 to 15 mm (1/2″ to 3/4″).
Are wasps hazardous to humans?
Yes. A wasp sting, aside from being very painful can prove serious and sometimes fatal. If you suspect a reaction to a wasp sting report to your nearest hospital immediately.
No. Only the queens and workers possess an ovipositor (egg-laying tube) which forms the stinger. Normally the stinger is used to kill prey on which wasps and their larvae feed, but will use it on animals and man if provoked.
No. Since they feed on flies and other insects, they are considered beneficial. However, because they are attracted to sweet substances such as fresh fruit and juice their presence can prove to be a nuisance.
When are wasps most common?
During warm spring and summer months when workers are foraging for food.
When am I most likely to see wasps?
Wasps are most active during the daylight hours.
Where do you find wasps?
Wasps are social insects and build paper-like nests made from wood fibres and other plant material mixed with saliva. Nests can be found around buildings on verandas, under eaves, ceilings, attics or in trees and shrubs. Several varieties of wasp build nests underground.
What are their breeding habits? Do they multiply quickly?
The queen (female reproductive) lays all eggs. Most eggs develop into sterile workers. Late in the season, the queen produces eggs

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.002754
Retrieved Text: Scientists hope to create a cell model to study heart disease.
British scientists will use pig eggs and DNA from a human patient with heart disease to generate stem cells. If successful, these will be the first human stem cells made from animal eggs.
A shortage of human eggs–a central ingredient in the cloning process–has stalled human cloning, so scientists are studying whether animal eggs can do the trick. (Two groups in the United Kingdom have already been given permission to move forward with hybrid research.) The concept of human-animal hybrids has proved controversial, but scientists will only generate cells from the research; they won’t let the embryos develop.
Although the stem cells will not contain any animal DNA, they will not be suitable for treating humans directly. Instead, the scientists will use the cells to learn how genetic mutations cause heart cells to malfunction and ultimately cause life-threatening cardiomyopathy.
Human-animal hybrid research has received much more attention in the United Kingdom than in the United States, largely because the research there is governed by a central regulatory board, and details of research proposals are made public. No broad-arching regulation exists in the United States, where scientists are mainly accountable to university ethical review boards.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.974466
Retrieved Text: Temperatures in Richmond took a dip in early April, with night-time temperatures getting into the 40’s and 30’s. This means that the adults must keep the eggs warm by incubating. Many bird species, including peregrine falcons, have a special adaptation that helps them keep their eggs warm. The birds develop featherless areas on their breast called brood patches. These areas develop thickened skin and an increased blood flow that helps the birds pass body heat along to the developing embryos inside the eggs. In this video clip from March 10th we can see the female falcon plucking feathers from the area of her brood patch in preparation for egg-laying. Male peregrine falcons also develop brood patches and help with incubation, but as the female will do the majority of this work her brood patch is much more developed.
We will continue to keep a close eye on the nest over the coming week as the eggs should be due to hatch. Peregrine falcon eggs are typically incubated for 33-35 days beginning with the second to last (penultimate) egg of a clutch. We aren’t sure when the penultimate egg was laid but believe it to be on or around March 15th.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.869814
Retrieved Text: This summer I’ve been dealing with an issue I often get questions about from ChickenCoopGuides.com email subscribers: messy nests with chickens apparently eating their own eggs.
This can be incredibly frustrating not only because of the lost eggs but also because any additional eggs in the nest get coated with egg residue.
In my experience, the solution seems to be providing additional sources of calcium for the flock. An easy way to do that is to add a dish of oyster shells to the coop. Or, in our case, I have increased calcium available to my hens on a daily basis by keeping a pan of raw curdled milk from our Jersey cow available.
The tendency to lay fragile eggs is also more common among older hens. Since our flock includes several hens that are more than six years old, I also make sure all the nest boxes are constantly lined with a thick layer of hay.
This means that even if a hen lays a fragile egg when the next hen jumps into the nest the pressure from her feet is less likely to crush the egg in a well-padded nest.
Do you have any tips for dealing with fragile eggs or messy nests? We’d love to hear about it! Comment below.
I spent my childhood cleaning fresh eggs with a damp cloth and vinegar. It was one of those things Mom told me to do, and I assumed it was a time-honored tradition.
I was in my 30s before I realized that cleaning eggs– how, and whether to do it all–

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.795
Retrieved Text: Mating: Lobsters mate in late winter/spring whereby the male deposits a packet of sperm (black spot) on the underside of the female’s belly.It is known in the industry as a tarspot. It remains there until the female is ready to spawn her eggs.
Spawning: The female uses her legs to scratch the tarspot which releases the sperm and at the same time she releases her eggs. The eggs are fertilised and attached to the fine hairs underneath the female’s tail. Females carrying eggs are known as ‘berried’.The eggs hatch between 4 to 8 weeks and form larvae.
Pueruli: The final stages of larvae moult and completely change their appearance to a miniature transparent rock lobster known as pueruli. The puerulis swim long distances to settle on the onshore reefs where they develop their red colour. Again many pueruli do not survive this journey.
Juveniles: The pueruli that survive this long journey continually moult and grow to become juveniles. The juveniles feed off the reefs for the next three to four years.
Whites Migration: At the end of the juvenile phase, the lobsters undergo a moult in late spring where they change from their deep red colour to a white/pale pink. They stay this colour until they return back to their traditional red colour at the following moult in 2 to 3 months’ time.
This white migration phase is typically from November to late January where large numbers of pale pink (whites) lobsters, recently moulted, migrate from inshore reefs to deep water. During this migration the lobster are highly exposed to fishing

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.777975
Retrieved Text: Specialists from Edinburgh and New York have made noteworthy strides forward in the ripeness protection field after effectively developing human eggs in the research center.
The research, published in the diary Molecular Human Reproduction, diagrams how human eggs can be developed from beginning periods through to development in the lab.
In the study, researchers took ovarian tissue from ten women in their late twenties and thirties and after a number of steps were able to develop the eggs through to maturity.
According to the research team, this advancement might prove of importance to young women at risk of premature fertility loss such as women undergoing cancer therapies including radio and chemotherapy.
Co-author of the research Prof Evelyn Telfer from the University of Edinburg says the approach may well be practically implemented in the future as an alternative to freezing and treating eggs to be implanted at a later stage.
The new research offers a means for the eggs to be extracted, grown and utilised without having to re-implant the tissue. “When you have got the eggs, of course you would have no contaminating cells – hopefully it would be an embryo that you would be implanting back in,” Telfer said.
The study also gives the opportunity to research and reveal more details about how human eggs develop.
Even though scientists were previously able to grow mouse eggs in the laboratory to the point where fertilisation resulted in live offspring, the same has not yet been possible for human eggs.
While the study has been praised by experts it is evident that more research is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.58789
Retrieved Text: Wasp species are categorized as social or solitary. As their name implies, social wasps live in colonies, which may number in the thousands. Within these colonies, female workers, perform all other duties within the nest. Solitary wasps live alone and rarely build nests. They do lay eggs, but their eggs are left alone to hatch.Some wasps are predatory, while others are parasitic. Predatory wasps serve an important role in pollination. Parasitic wasps typically assist in the management of other pests. Some wasps are aggressive species, which sting when threatened, and, unlike bees, wasps are capable of stinging multiple times.
Male wasps fertilize female wasps that develop late in the summer. These will be next year's queens. These fertilized females will overwinter in a sheltered location. The rest of the colony will perish when winter comes. Next spring, the queen will start laying eggs. The fertilized eggs that they produce will become workers, building the nest and feeding the larvae produced by the queen. Late in the summer, the queen will produce unfertilized eggs. These will develop into males. The males will fertilize the wasps that will become the queens of the following year.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.554369
Retrieved Text: How to tell if eggs are fertile. To test for fertile eggs: look for a ring or a bulls eye on the yolk of a farm egg. If roosters live in the pen or on the farm with hens, its nearly guaranteed that the eggs will be fertile. Its best to get fresh fertile eggs. You can collect fertile eggs for a few days and keep them in an egg carton for up to 2 weeks (not refrigerated or washed) IMPORTANT! In the storage carton keep the eggs large end up small end down to keep the air sack open. When not incubating eggs and you are storing them its best to keep the eggs in a carton and "tilt" the carton each day from side to side or end to end. This will ensure that the embryo does not stick to the shell until you are read to incubate the eggs.
Collect the new fertile eggs from your coop. When you are ready to put eggs in incubator DO NOT wash eggs if you do, they will develop bacteria which will cause the egg to smell and the embryo to die. This can cause ALL of your hatching eggs to fail.
When you "set" your eggs in the incubator, be sure to gently lay them and not to shake eggs nor disturb them.
Do you need hatching (fertile unwashed eggs) for your school or project? Fill out this request form now to be on our list.
We Rent Incubators and Fertile Eggs For Hatching!
If throwing your eggs won't damage

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.511204
Retrieved Text: This week, we set up our chick-u-bator. The children have been very curious about those eggs sitting there. "I wonder what is inside those eggs? Could they be alligators? turtles? turkeys? baby birds? chickens?" After observing and talking about them, Dane and I told the children that we brought the chicken eggs from my parent's farm this past weekend. We keep talking about what Farmer Ricky had to say to teach us how to take care of the eggs.
It is very important to keep the eggs warm. Hens keep them warm by sitting on them. We decided that the eggs would probably crack if we tried to sit on them, so we are using an incubator instead. We need to make sure the eggs stay between 98 and 102 degrees. 100 degrees is the optimum temperature, but Farmer Ricky says that if the eggs are kept a little bit cooler it will take longer for them to hatch. If they are kept a little bit warmer, they will hatch sooner.
Farmer Ricky also told us to turn the eggs three times a day. As you can see, we have a list put on the wall near our eggs to help us remember when to turn them. We marked the eggs with X on one side and O on the other to help us make sure we are turning them and to see if the eggs have been turned all the way. It is important to turn them to keep the yolk from attaching to the side of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.428963
Retrieved Text: As your team and ally, AMCO Pest will deal with Mosquito prevention this season so you can get back to fine wines and summer evenings on your patio.
With over 170 species of Mosquitoes in the US and thousands more throughout the world, Mosquito prevention is a must. It is only a matter of time until you too begin to feel the first itch right there on that familiar spot, where you always get bit… your forearm!
Mosquitoes are considered the most deadly animals in the world and contribute to close to a million deaths per year, according to an article in Smithsonian magazine. This is not because of the itchy bite, but mainly because of the diseases transmitted by the bite.
Eggs are laid by Female mosquitoes lay on the surface of any pool of water and soil that tends to flood. Mosquitoes to stay away from ponds or streams that contain fish or other predators. Hotspots for Mosquitoes to lay eggs on are small pools of water or puddles, holes in trees, discarded vehicle tires and plant saucers. – the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
Tiny larvae come out of the eggs. These larvae live in the water and hang upside down from the surface of the water. Others attach to vegetation. The siphon-like tubes they breath with and eating the surrounding bacteria and algae keep the larvae alive until they grow and molt four times.
Once molting is complete, pupa stage begins remaining in the water where it rests and develops which may take a couple days. A

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.390741
Retrieved Text: For the female reproductive cell, see Ovum.
This use of the term egg deals with the fertilised ovum, the zygote, and what surrounds it during its development.
Some animals, mostly mammals, keep the zygote inside their body where the embryo grows until it is ready to be born. Other animals (tetrapods) lay a protective egg outside the mother. The egg nourishes and protects the embryo. When the baby animal is ready, it hatches; that means it comes out of the egg.
Reptiles, birds and monotremes lay cleidoic eggs, like a chicken's egg. Other mammals form similar eggs, but without the shell. They develop internally. Fish, amphibia, insects and arachnids lay simpler eggs in greater numbers, but with much less protection and nourishment.
The ostrich has the largest eggs of all currently living animals. Eggs, mostly bird eggs, are often eaten as food. The shell of an egg is a hard calcareous (CaCO3) material. The shell of an ostrich egg can support the weight of a fully grown human.
A baby tortoise hatches from a reptile egg.
Bird eggs with hatched chick.
A frog with frog eggs.
Butterfly eggs on a stalk.
Map butterfly (Araschnia levana) laying strings of eggs.
This page was last changed on 8 November 2014, at 13:14.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.330004
Retrieved Text: Understanding Animal Research > News > Research & medical benefits > Unlimited egg supply to treat infertility?
Unlimited egg supply to treat infertility?
Scientists have for the first time made fertile eggs from adult stem cells. The experiments used human and mouse stem cells and tested the ability of the eggs to be fertilised and develop into baby mice. This landmark research changes our understanding of female fertility and could provide revolutionary treatment for millions of infertile couples worldwide.
Unlike men, who produce new sperm throughout most of their life, women are born with a limited number of eggs and cannot make any more. Illness and chemotherapy can damage existing eggs, leaving the woman infertile.
The team discovered egg-producing stem cells in the ovaries of women. The team identified the same types of cells in the ovaries of mice as well and tests showed that they behaved almost identically. When grown in the laboratory, both human and mouse stem cells 'spontaneously generated’ immature eggs, or oocytes, which looked and acted like oocytes in the body. The cells were ‘matured’ into eggs when surrounded by living human ovarian tissue, which had been grafted inside mice.
Further experiments using the mouse stem cells showed that the mature eggs could be fertilised and develop into healthy baby mice. This suggests that the human cells could also produce embryos, but regulations prevent that type of research being conducted.
This not only re-writes the rule book – that women do not have to capacity to produce more eggs – but it also raises the hope that women

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.32434
Retrieved Text: Willett House Veterinary Surgeons - Willett House Pet Solutions: Parasites - Vets in Staines, Feltham, Addlestone & Hampton.
Fleas - The cat flea ctenocephalides felis felis is the primary flea which causes clinical disease in most parts of the world, including the UK. Adult fleas are obligate ecto-parasites – this means they can only survive for short periods of time, away from the host, once they have fed. It is the adult form of the flea that causes the symptoms such as scratching. However, the major part of the parasite’s lifecycle takes place away from the host and in the host’s environment (the home).
It is important to understand the lifecycle of the flea in order to understand how to effectively treat your pet and cure or prevent an infestation. Essentially, a flea’s reproduction cycle is similar to that of a butterfly. The adult females will lay eggs which will hatch into larvae. These larvae spin “cocoons” and become pupae. When adult fleas hatch from the pupae stage, the lifecycle is then complete. Generally speaking, in an infestation of fleas, approximately half are eggs and 5 per cent are adults. Observing adult fleas on your pet is therefore just the tip of the iceberg of flea infestation.
Female fleas can lay up to 20 eggs at a time and, over their short lifespan, can produce around 500 eggs. These eggs as normally laid on the host (your pet). However, the eggs are very smooth and will normally slide off the animal and land in the host’s environment. Within the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.304867
Retrieved Text: • Soil-transmitted helminthiasis (STH) is an infection caused by the intestinal parasites roundworms (Ascaris), whipworms (Trichuris), and hookworms (Necator americanus and Ancylostoma duodenale).
• These parasites damage the health of children and adults, specifically women of reproductive age. While rarely fatal, repeated infections are common and adversely affect productivity.
• Typically, STH is most prevalent in the poorest communities in the world where water, sanitation, and hygiene are often inadequate.
• The parasites that cause STH compete with their host for nutrients from food, and some use their host for blood meals, which can impact health, development, and cognitive functioning.
• Infective larvae in soil burrow through human skin.
After undergoing their respective lifecycles in the human host, adult parasites live in the gut, where they excrete eggs that are passed into the environment via human feces. In areas where sanitation is inadequate, these infected feces contaminate soil. Thus, infection typically occurs from environmental exposures, e.g. contaminated food, utensils, or hands, contact between bare skin and hookworm larvae in soil.
STH is among the most common diseases in the world. More than 100 countries are considered to have substantial transmission of STH. Transmission even occurs in highly developed countries like the United States. The World Health Organization (WHO) considers STH a public health problem in areas where >1% of the at-risk population has moderate-to-high intensity infection – as measured by number of eggs per gram of stool and diagnosed by stool examination.
How do we control STH?
Although STH causes substantial illness in infected individuals, available interventions are safe and effective, and mass treatment

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.26756
Retrieved Text: I just had an IVF cycle that failed (this is the 4th). The first two cycles I was on a long protocol of Lupron and Gonal-F and I didn't stimulate well. The stim length was 12 days in both cases (the dose was increased from one to the other), there was a total of about 17 follicles, with the leads around 20mm on day 12. No fertilization occured in the first (3 eggs retrieved), and out of 7 eggs in the 2nd, only one fertilized but did not develop. So my RE, determined to succeed, changed my meds: short protocol - Gonal-F (7 days) and then Menopure + Cetrotide. He also decided that I need to stim for longer so that eggs mature. I stimmed very very well, HCG day 14, 10 eggs retrieved (23 follicles), 9 mature, only 2 fertilized (emergency ICSI was done on the other 7 on day 1, 2 fertilized, none developed; there is no MF). The 2 embroys reached only 4 cells on day 3, they were transfered, but no pregnancy. This last cycle our RE decided to go with only menopure + cetrotide and stick to the long stim protocol where follicles get to be larger than 30mm. I stimmed very well -- too well - day before retrieval E2 was 7300 (so far no hyperstim, thank god). 14 eggs were retrieved (24 follicles), 1 got fractured, so were left with 13. Our RE had decided that this time he'll do ICSI on all the eggs right away, not to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.23653
Retrieved Text: Our new facility is open.
At Little Eggs Child Care Center, our mission is to provide child care in a safe, fun, and educational environment where children are prepared for success. We believe it is important to learn social and emotional skills as well as develop academically. Our center focuses on the individual needs of each child while providing these skills.
Our philosophy is for children to “learn, laugh, and love”. With this philosophy, we offer the opportunity for each child to develop according to his or her individual learning style. Our curriculum is planned to enhance and challenge your child’s individual needs, interests and abilities. Activities and relationships occur in a healthy, positive and relaxed environment where our qualified and experienced staff provides personal attention, guidance and nurturing to each child.
This place is amazing. The staff are like an extended family of ours. Our daughter is graduating to the big school this fall so we are having another child to raise with little eggs. I only hope we get a spot they go pretty quick!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.235456
Retrieved Text: Enterprise Minister Arlene Foster is set to lead a business mission from the local food sector to London’s International Food Exhibition (IFE) 2009.
The Minister will visit the major food show, which takes place from 15 –18 March 2009, where over 20 local companies will be represented in an Invest Northern Ireland delegation.
She made her announcement following a visit to Erne Eggs, Lisnaskea, where she welcomed a £2million investment by the company, in conjunction with two food companies from the Republic of Ireland.
A new company, Ready Egg Products, is a joint venture between Lisnaskea-based Erne Eggs, Irish Egg Products of Kilcoole, County Wicklow and Greenfield Foods, Smithborough, County Monaghan.
Ready Egg Products, which already employs 46 people and plans to recruit a further eight by the end of this year, is providing liquid and peeled, boiled eggs to foodservice customers in Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland and Great Britain. It aims to achieve a substantial growth in sales outside Northern Ireland over the next 12 months. A further £1million is being invested by Erne Eggs.
Arlene Foster said: “This investment is another important boost for food processing in Northern Ireland, which is our largest manufacturing industry. Ready Eggs is now the fourth biggest producer of egg products in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland.
The Minister believes there are many opportunities for Northern Ireland’s food exports. She said: “As consumer concern grows about the origin of food and drink, there are substantial and developing business opportunities for Northern Ireland processors in Great Britain and the Republic of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.182936
Retrieved Text: Egg allergies are caused by the same problem all allergies are caused by: an immune system malfunction. Your body misidentifies certain egg proteins as harmful even though they're perfectly safe. When you eat eggs, your body thinks it's being attacked and sends out an antibody called immunoglobulin E to fight off the proteins, or allergens. The antibody then triggers a number of chemicals, including histamine, to neutralize the proteins. Histamine is responsible for most allergic symptoms, including sneezing, hives and diarrhea.
There's no roadmap to explain why some people have egg allergies and others don't, but there are some factors that make you more likely to develop an egg allergy. First, family history plays a big part. If either or both of your parents has a food allergy or even another kind of allergy or asthma, your chances of being allergic to something are higher. Also, if you already have some kind of allergy, you're more likely to develop other allergies. Kids who have atopic dermatitis, which is a type of eczema, are more likely to have a food allergy than kids without. Age is also a factor: Children are more susceptible to egg allergies than adults. As they grow, their immune systems develop and they learn how to handle previously allergenic proteins.
Unfortunately, until your child outgrows his egg allergy, there isn't much you can do about it. He has to stay away from eggs and all egg-containing products in order to prevent allergic reactions. This means being aware of the obvious omelets and scrambled eggs, but

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.14413
Retrieved Text: How Many EGGS do you think you have left?
You were born with every egg that you’ll ever have. Although studies suggest that there may be a process where we can create eggs; such technology is far into the future. More importantly, you’re losing eggs at a rate that far exceeds what you would guess. Current research suggests that most women will lose about 500 to 1000 eggs per month through a process of attrition called apoptosis—yet only one or two eggs each month will be capable of fertilization. A recent summary of all of the available research has shown that most women will only have about 3% of their eggs remaining by age 40.
Although the slope of that curve appears intimidating, the goal of this blog post is to increase your awareness and to empower you to take action. Some women are born with more eggs than others. Some women will lose their eggs at a faster rate. Most importantly, the eggs that remain in your ovaries at any given moment represent your ovarian reserve. Therefore, it is very relevant for you to consider how many eggs you have now and then plan how many (more) children you think you might someday wish to have.
This diagram shows the various stages of egg development summarized in a single ovary.
It takes an egg several months to develop from its status as a primordial follicle to that of a mature fertilizable oocyte. It is only when they reach that stage that the ovary releases the egg through a process

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.144043
Retrieved Text: Looking for the answer to to Clue - Fish eggs? Don’t worry, we are here to assist you!
Many studies have shown that the best way to develop the human brain is through solving crossword puzzles.
Knowledge is power but we as humans get confused, exhausted and don’t always know all the answers, so what can be done?
This is where we come into the picture! On this website we have developed a smart system which contains millions of questions and answers for all kinds of crossword puzzles, which will provide you with assistance in finding the answer for the clue “Fish eggs”.
After a thorough check up , the system will find a suitable answer for the clue “Fish eggs” .
Have we succeeded in helping you in solving the crossword? Think a more accurate answer exists for Fish eggs Clue? Then take the initiative into your hands and leave a comment!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.091576
Retrieved Text: We’re getting to that time of year again where the schools are challenging children to decorate eggs creatively so today, I thought I’d share some ideas on how you can colour eggs naturally.
I’ve seen a few egg colouring kits appearing in the shops over the last few weeks and although I haven’t bought one, it looks like they’re just tablets of colour that you add to the water when you’re boiling your eggs. That got me thinking that there must be some natural colourants that you can use instead – just like when we had a go at dying fabrics with food a while ago.
I’ve done lots of research (what did we do before Google?) and it’s actually really easy to colour eggs naturally – it’s just a case of choosing the right fruits, vegetables, dried or ground herbs, and adding them to room temperature or boiling water in order to create the natural dye for the colour you’re wanting to achieve. Once that’s done you just soak hard-boiled eggs in the solution. The depth of colour is determined by how long the eggs stay in the solution.
For best results, keep the soaking eggs in the refrigerator overnight to develop their colour as much as possible. Once they’re out of the solution and having been dried, it’s also recommended that you keep the eggs chilling in the fridge until you’re ready to display them.
Boil your eggs first; remove them from hot water and let them cool.
When they’re cool, rub the shells with white vinegar to help

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.052954
Retrieved Text: Although it can seem overwhelming when trying to rid of fleas, you can do it successfully by knowing these flea facts and treating your pets, your home, and your outdoor environment at the same time.
Fleas can jump 4 – 5 feet horizontally due to having very powerful muscles in their back legs.
Fleas are masters at reproducing.During the lifetime of an adult female, she may lay hundreds or thousands of eggs, generally laying around 20 eggs each time. Fleas prefer to lay their eggs in dark, damp places. When laying eggs on your pet, the eggs can fall off anywhere your pet goes. Of course, this includes your home! In ideal conditions, eggs will hatch in about a week. Eggs become larvae that then develop into pupae by spinning into cocoons. This process generally takes a week, but flea pupae can remain alive in their cocoons for over six months.
Fleas are great at hiding.If you see one flea, there are probably at least ten cocoons, 35 larvae and 50 eggs hiding in your home and yard. You must treat your home to get rid of fleas and their life cycle. This includes treating pet bedding, carpets, furniture, corners, dark areas such as the backs of cabinets and closets, and anywhere else where fleas may be hiding. Also, treating your lawn and garden will help to get rid of outdoor fleas.
Like roaches, fleas are incredible survivors.When you bomb and spray your home with chemicals, the living fleas, and potential larvae are killed. But bombs and sprays will not

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.041044
Retrieved Text: "Bed bug photos can be helpful in identifying the bugs in your home. Bed bugs change in appearance based on where they are in their life cycle. They range from pin sized white eggs to small light brown nymphs to full grown bed bugs. Bedbugs live for approximately 10 months.
It takes bed bugs 4 months to develop into an adult. They must feed on a human host to move from stage to stage.
Bedbug eggs are small, white and the size of a pin head. A female will lay 3 eggs per day. The eggs are attached to a surface with a cement like substance.
Nymphs are lite brown and are approximately 5/100 of an inch in length.
Bed bugs are dark brown or dull red.
From a side view bedbugs are flat.
A bedbug will get significantly larger after feeding.
A feeling will take 10 minutes. Feeds are usually several days apart.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.950943
Retrieved Text: Ovarian cancer is an abnormal growth of tissue in the ovary. The ovaries are part of the female reproductive system where the eggs are produced. Most ovarian cancers develop on the surface of the ovary.

================



======= Instance Index 1854 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

A ramp like the one in the Figure below is another example of an inclined plane. Inclined planes make it easier to move objects to a higher elevation. The sloping surface of the inclined plane supports part of the weight of the object as it moves up the slope. As a result, it takes less force to move the object uphill. The trade-off is that the object must be moved over a greater distance than if it were moved straight up to the higher elevation. You can see several other examples of inclined planes at this URL:.


Q: A ramp is an example of what?

 Choices:

- inclined plane

- level plane

- change plane

- move plane

A:

Target Text: inclined plane

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.878378
Retrieved Text: The Color Ramp Node is used for mapping values to colors with the use of a gradient.
The Factor input is used as an index for the color ramp.
In the map above, a black-and-white swirl image, which is lacking an alpha channel, is fed into the Color Ramp node as a Factor. (Technically, we should have converted the image to a value using the RGB to BW node, but hey, this works just as well since we are using a BW image as input).
We have set the Color Ramp node to a purely transparent color on the left end of the spectrum, and a fully Red color on the right. As seen in the viewer, the Color Ramp node puts out a mask that is fully transparent where the image is black. Black is zero, so Color Ramp uses the color at the left end of the spectrum, which we have set to transparent. The Color Ramp image is fully red and opaque where the image is white (1.00).
We verify that the output image mask is indeed transparent by overlaying it on top of another image.
The real power of Color Ramp is that multiple colors can be added to the color spectrum. This example compositing map takes a boring BW image and makes it a flaming swirl!
In this example, we have mapped the shades of gray in the input image to three colors, blue, yellow, and red, all fully opaque (Alpha of 1.00). Where the image is black, Color Ramp substitutes blue, the currently selected color. Where

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.702576
Retrieved Text: (mix color) bias amount based on a certain value?
I want to mix the color output of the ramp with the color output of another ramp based on a certain color range. For example, the second ramp should only mixed in if the Cd value of the first ramp is less than 0.1 (the whites only). So I thought it would be possible with the color mix node but I don't know what variable to put in into the bias amount. Or is there another way?
You can use the Luminance VOP and use your first Cd, and then plug the result into bias.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.462568
Retrieved Text: Example of an application "Determining transmit power"
The aim is to find the minimum transmit power with which a transponder can be identified.
function can be used to obtain the power settings of a reading point.
based on real environmental conditions.
Power Ramp low limit and the Power Ramp high limit.
6.3 Example of an application "Determining transmit power"

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.45744
Retrieved Text: Area of Triangles and Trapezoids. #34. FYI. You can divide any parallelogram into two congruent triangles. So the area of each triangle is half the area of the parallelogram. VOCABULARY. Example 1: Finding the Area of a Triangle. Find the area of the triangle. FYI. Reading Math.
Area of Triangles and Trapezoids#34FYIYou can divide any parallelogram into two congruent triangles. So the area of each triangle is half the area of the parallelogram.VOCABULARYExample 1: Finding the Area of a TriangleFind the area of the triangle.FYIReading MathAn altitude of a triangle is a perpendicular segment from one vertex to the line containing the opposite side. The length of the altitude is the height.Example 2Find the area of the triangle.4 cm 11 cm Example 3The diagram shows the floor plan for a triangulardining area. What is the area of the floor?6.2 m34.8 mExample 4: ApplicationThe diagram shows the section of a forest being studied. What is the area of the section?Example 5Mitch uses the piece of wood shown as part of a skateboard ramp. Its area is 0.8 m .2What is the height of the piece of wood?.2 m Example 6Mitch wants his skateboard ramp to be at least 750 cm tall. Should he use this piece of wood to build the ramp? Explain.?.VOCABULARYExample 7: Finding the Area of a TrapezoidFind the area of the trapezoid.Example 8Lisa wants to cut a hole in the shape of a trapezoid out of a piece of wood. The figure shows her plans, and each square of the grid represents 1 ft .

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.346502
Retrieved Text: A boarding pier (sometimes called a courtesy pier or a launch dock) is the part of a pier where a boat is temporarily moored for embarking and disembarking. A boat launch ramp is a sloped surface designed for launching and retrieving trailered boats and other watercraft to and from a body of water. The provisions for boarding piers cover only those that are associated with boat launch ramps. Boarding piers that are not part of a boat launch ramp are classified as “boat slips” for purposes of these guidelines.
If boarding piers at boat launch ramps are provided, at least 5 percent but not less than one, must comply with these guidelines and be served by an accessible route. The exceptions for gangways, previously described above, may be applied to boarding piers (see Accessible Routes).
In addition, gangways connecting floating boarding piers may exceed the maximum slope specified in the guidelines, if the total length of the gangway is at least 30 feet.
ADAAG ramp requirements do not apply to the portion of the accessible route serving a floating boarding pier or skid pier if it is located within a boat launch ramp. For example, a facility provides a chain of floats on a launch ramp to be used as an accessible boarding pier. At high water, the entire chain is floating and a transition plate connects the first float to the surface of the launch ramp.As the water level decreases, segments of the chain rest on the launch ramp surface, matching the slope of the launch ramp. An

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.882294
Retrieved Text: Here is the sticky everyone has been asking for!
Here’s a pretty neat shader i came up with a couple of months ago, i was despeartly trying to make the whater shine when the sun hits it, like small lensflares. An example of that is in the warcraft 3 trailer when the army enters the caste in the beginning.
So anyway, sorry that I don’t have so many pictures but i thought that it’s better to post one mesage instead of 5 or so.
If you want more stars you could add some white “Lines” , lines that are as small as posible near the bottom on ramp2.
MSG Me if you find any errors or have any questions.
With this setup you can edit contrast and Color of a image like in Photoshop.
The ramp2,3,4 is used to add or remove color from the Image file.
// this Script creates a basic bw-Ramp with a samplerInfoNode connected into the vCoord.
this is all nice and all, but are there any ways that I can learn what I’m actually doing, when tryng to do a shader?
This thread shows how to use a ramp shader to give the effect of a rim light that always appears only on the top of the object, regardless of it’s position or rotation.
Here’s a description of how that ramp shader Floyd posted about above works. It’s fairly simple!
The end result is basically a shader that has a rim around it’s edge (like with a toon outline or rim lighting effect) but you can choose how much (top half in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.800207
Retrieved Text: Find out what you need to know to offer easy access to folks using a wheelchair or mobility scooter.
Opening your heart and home to a mobility-challenged loved one is a beautiful thing. And one way to make it easier on everyone is with a wheelchair ramp that leads straight to your door. But before you DIY or hire a builder to construct one, learn the basics on rules, safety, and materials so that comings and goings will be as smooth as possible.
Check in with both the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and local authorities as your first step. You’ll probably need to obtain a permit to install a ramp from your local building authority. It may also be necessary for you to comply with ADA standards. Not all states or communities enforce ADA standards for residential ramps, but following its guidelines will ensure that your ramp is wheelchair user safe. While the ADA states that ramps must be a minimum of 36 inches wide, check local building codes, too, because some states enforce wider ramp widths. Also note that any ramp that rises more than 6 inches in height must also have 36-inch high handrails on both sides for safety.
The ADA requires a ramp rise, in height, not more than 1 inch per every 12 inches of run, written as a 1:12 slope. For example, if you need a ramp to reach a 30-inch high porch, you’ll need a minimum of 30 lineal feet for the ramp.
Those lacking adequate lineal space can design a ramp with

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.583082
Retrieved Text: In the year 2009 alone, there were over four thousand pedestrians killed in cross walk ramp accidents, according to the National Highway Safety Administration. Almost fifty of those accidents occurred in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. In almost half of all cross walk ramp injuries, the victim either ran in front of a car, or ran onto a roadway or intersection. In 2009, eight of the cross walk ramp deaths happened when the victim was working in or on the road. Cross walk ramp injuries can also occur in cases where the victim tripped on a crosswalk. The premises liability lawyer at Burns & Jain can help if you or a loved one has been injured or killed due to a crosswalk ramp injury.
Cross walk ramp injuries are often fatal, and almost always devastating due to the immense damage that occurs when a four thousand pound chunk of steel slams into a one hundred pound person of soft flesh. Even in cases where the victim survives, those who are hit at crosswalks can receive life-altering injuries. In cases of cross walk injuries, an experienced premise liability lawyer can help the victims to receive compensation for their pain and suffering, time loss from work, medical bills, etc.
What Causes Cross Walk Ramp Injuries?
There are several contributing factors that can occur in cross walk ramp injuries. For example, one family received compensation after their loved one was killed at a defective shopping center access road. There had been no barrier or guardrail installed at the location. The woman died as

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.498682
Retrieved Text: The video below shows an idea for generating electricity by cars passing over a special ramp. The energy could be used for powering street lights, traffic lights and other road signs.
Some comments seem to think it would be wasteful if used anywhere but on a downward slope where it would also help the car slow down a little. Visit Boing Boing or sugiero for further details.
Ocean wave powered electrical generators produce an uninterupted supply of energy and they are often designed around the bending of hinges to pump hydraulic fluid to drive generators. The Electro-Kinetic Road Ramp depends on the irregular action of vehicles driving over it instead. Creating â€œFreeâ€ Electricity is not the problem, keeping it free is. Trying to watch football on a TV powered by intermittent bursts of 10Kw takes all the fun out of it. To provide a constant supply electrical energy storage batteries would be needed for the Electro-Kinetic Road Ramp and thats where the idea fails. Once you put all that â€œfreeâ€ electricity into an L16 rechargable lead acid battery itâ€™ll cost 4-6 times as much per Kwh to get it back than it would if you paid for it directly from the grid. For example; a $60.00 33AH lead acid battery provides 400 watts per discharge multiplied by 250 battery life cycles equals 60 cents per Kwh verses 10 cents per Kwh from the grid. The idea will be worth what they purport when batteries cost less than 1/6th their current price. Until then all we’re doing is re-inventing

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.409784
Retrieved Text: KTH Royal Institute of Technology offers a training package in a Professional Certificate Program on the RAMP tool. In three courses you learn how to apply the whole risk management process, from risk identification, and risk assessment, to concrete action plans and follow-ups.
In three courses you learn how to apply the whole risk management process, from risk identification, and risk assessment, to concrete action plans and follow-ups. The courses are taken online and are self-paced. You can choose to study each course individually, and free of charge (audit), but to achieve a Professional Certificate you need to register for the entire program . Everyone is welcome to register and no specific prerequisites are required.
The third course about the RAMP tool, Proficiency in using RAMP for Risk Management of Work-Related Injuries started November 21. In this course III in the Professional Certificate Program about RAMP , you learn to use all four modules in the RAMP tool and you become skilled in managing the whole risk management process and you will work with authentic cases from the business community.
In course I, Assessment of Work-Related Injury Risks using RAMP I , you get an overview of the entire RAMP tool and you learn to identify and assess musculoskeletal (MSD) risks using the first module in the RAMP tool (RAMP I) This course will start again in the beginning of 2019.
In course II in the training package on the RAMP tool, Management of Work-Related Injuries using RAMP II , you learn to use all four modules in the RAMP

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.360935
Retrieved Text: 1. How do I train my pet to use the PetRamp?
Some dogs will use the Petramp immediately. For those that don’t, we suggest you put the ramp flat on the ground & walk your dog over it (a reward placed on the ramp also helps or you might try feeding him (her) on the ramp once or twice). When you raise the ramp, your pets favorite treat placed towards the top of the ramp also works the first time.
The first time up the ramp, take your dog by the collar & lead him to the reward. You’ll only need to do this once or twice. It is important to take your dog for a ride after he has successfully entered the vehicle.
2. I notice a slight bow in my PetRamp as my dog walks up the ramp. Is this Normal?
Yes. The flexibility of the ramp was designed in for two reasons: first, to increase the tensile strength capabilities of the ramp and second, to give your pet an extra boost up as the ramp un-flexes.
3. Which ramp do I need for my car?
The Petramp can be used for each car with a height of approximately 80cm.
You can also look at the pictures. When you look at the examples you will see the ramp used with different cars with different heights. You can compare the height of your car with the height of the cars in the example and you know which one you need.
Are you still in doubt about it you can ask us by e-mail.
4.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.33318
Retrieved Text: What distinguishes this obvious data science from a good school data activity? Consider the graph (at right) of data from physics. Students rolled a cue ball down a ramp from various distances and measured the speed of the ball at the foot of the ramp.
The student even has a model and the corresponding residual plot. Great data. But not data science. Why not?
To answer that question, let’s look at one way some people have defined data science. The illustrations below, from Conway 2010 and Finzer 2013, show the thrust behind several definitions, namely, that data science lies in a region where content understanding, math and stats, and computer chops (Conway calls it “hacking”) overlap.
If we apply the left Venn diagram to the physics example, we can see that it belongs in “traditional research”: the work uses and illuminates physics principles and concepts from mathematics and statistics (the residuals, the curve-fitting) but does not require substantial computational skills.
But saying that is somehow not enough. The physics data example fails what we might call a “sniff test” for data science, but what, more specifically, does this sniff test entail? What are the ingredients that separate “regular” data from data science?
Although this formulation is certainly incomplete, it may be useful. Let’s look at each of these in turn.
It’s easy to be confused by the data, and not know what it means.
The best direction is often unclear, the path is not obvious.
Our task is to find order in chaos; signal in noise; needles in haystacks.
The situation is nonstandard, and therefore

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.18845
Retrieved Text: In these lessons, examples, and solutions we will learn the trigonometric functions (sine, cosine, tangent) and how to solve word problems using trigonometry.
The following diagram shows how SOHCAHTOA can help you remember how to use sine, cosine, or tangent to find missing angles or missing sides in a trigonometry problem. Scroll down the page for examples and solutions.
How to solve trigonometry problems or questions?
Step 1: If no diagram is given, draw one yourself.
Step 2: Mark the right angles in the diagram.
Step 3: Show the sizes of the other angles and the lengths of any lines that are known.
Step 4: Mark the angles or sides you have to calculate.
Step 5: Consider whether you need to create right triangles by drawing extra lines. For example, divide an isosceles triangle into two congruent right triangles.
Step 6: Decide whether you will need the Pythagorean theorem, sine, cosine or tangent.
Step 7: Check that your answer is reasonable. The hypotenuse is the longest side in a right triangle.
How to use Cosine to calculate the side of a right triangle?
Calculate the value of cos θ in the following triangle.
Use the Pythagorean theorem to evaluate the length of PR.
How to use Tangent to calculate the side of a triangle?
How to use Sine to calculate the side of a triangle?
How to solve Word Problems using Trigonometry?
Example: The following video shows how to use the trigonometric ratio, tangent, to find the height of a balloon.
How to solve Word Problems using Sine?
This video shows how to use the trigonometric ratio, sine, to find the elevation gain of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.01926
Retrieved Text: Use the line~ object to generate a signal ramp or envelope. It uses the Max time format syntax; envelope times can be either single valued fixed or tempo-relative.
Sets an initial value for the signal output. The default value is 0 .
line~ accepts up to 128 target-time pairs in a list, to generate compound ramps. (An example would be 0 1000 1 1000 , which would go from the current value to 0 in a second, then to 1 in a second.) Once one of the ramps has reached its target value, the next one starts. A subsequent list , float , or int in the left inlet clears all ramps yet to be generated.
In left inlet: Pauses the internal ramp but does not change the target value nor clear pending target-time pairs. line~ will continue outputting whatever value was its current value when the pause message was received, until either it receives a resume message or until a new ramp is input.
In left inlet: Stops the internal ramp and clears pending target-time pairs. line~ will continue outputting whatever value was its current value when the stop message was received, resetting its target value to that value.
In left inlet: Resumes the internal ramp and subsequent pending target-time pairs if the line~ object was paused as a result of the pause message.
Out right outlet: When line~ has finished generating all of its ramps, bang is sent out.
Out left outlet: The current target value, or a ramp moving toward the target value according to the currently stored value and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.86258
Retrieved Text: National Ramp, makers and suppliers of handicap ramps have donated a wheelchair ramp to Ronald McDonald House in Albany, NY.
February 10, 2014 (FPRC) -- National Ramp, makers and suppliers of handicap access ramps have donated a wheelchair ramp to Ronald McDonald House in Albany, NY.
The Ronald McDonald House in Albany, NY, needed a wheelchair ramp while their building was under construction. National Ramp answered by donating a ramp and having it installed in a moment’s notice.
By donating ramps to The Ronald McDonald house, National Ramp believes that they contribute to The Ronald McDonald House’s goal of providing stability and resources for families in need. A Ronald McDonald House is that “home-away-from-home” for families so they can stay close by their hospitalized child at little or no cost.
National Ramp offers an exclusive design of aluminum, steel and wood handicap ramps. National Ramp responds to the needs of the community when asked and hopes their efforts will bring freedom to those who need a ramp to go outside of their home.
To view a video of The Ronald McDonald Ramp Installation, please click here: http://nationalramp.com/videos/ramp-donation-to-the-ronald-mcdonald-house/ National Ramp says “National Ramp donates ramps to organizations we believe in and will continue to support organizations such as Ronald McDonald House that makes the lives of physically challenged people better and easier.” National Ramp believes in giving back to an industry that has been very rewarding to them not so much as in financial but emotional happiness in helping those with physical disabilities. To find out more about National Ramp and what

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.849457
Retrieved Text: You can type directly into the console, or select the pad and paper icon to write code in the editor. I prefer to write code in the editor because it allows me to save my work and run a compilation of commands.
In the code editor, or console, create a variable containing the path to your raster file.
Now we’ll simultaneously assign the raster layer to the rlayer variable and load it into the QGIS interface.
This adds the raster into the QGIS interface. In the legend, the raster is labeled ‘layer name’. My raster is symbolized with a grayscale color ramp. We’ll change the symbology next.
First, we’ll get statistics for the raster band so we can properly stretch a color ramp. The number 1 is the raster band we are getting stats for.
Then we’ll get the minimum and maximum values.
The color ramp shader will define the new color ramp we create to symbolize the raster. First we’ll create and empty color ramp shader. We also need to set type of color ramp we want to use. Options are Interpolated, Discrete, or Exact.
The data I’m using represent elevations, they are continuous data so I’ll use an Interpolated ramp.
Now we need to define a color scheme. For this example, I’m going to create a very simple color ramp that interpolates from green (low values) to yellow (high values).
We’ll assign the color ramp to a QgsRasterShader so it can be used to symbolize a raster layer.
Finally, we need to apply the symbology we’ve create to the raster layer. First, we’ll create

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.798763
Retrieved Text: Jim Hammond’s Cruiser is a multi-purpose folder that has garnered much praise.
The Cruiser abounds with design subtleties. For example, the handle features a forward slanted friction grooved thumb ramp and a deep finger choil for the index finger, allowing what is known as the “fencer’s grip”.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.78528
Retrieved Text: Finding new and better ways to solve your gravity flow storage challenges is our mission, every day. And our latest pallet flow racking accessory is a perfect example. The new Bolt On Pallet Flow Ramp Stop delivers a far better way to combat pallet flow lane damage, safety issues, repair and replacement costs.
The pallet flow ramp stop is an accessory that prevents heavy pallets from pitching forward out of the flow lane as it arrives at the pick face. The ramp stop is now bolted onto the pallet flow rack lane as opposed to welded which enables warehousing staff to quickly replace forklift damaged stops and/or accomplish faster, cheaper lane re configurations. The hardware used to bolt the new stops is heavy duty like the ramp itself and provides the security of a welded attachment but the flexibility of a bolted piece… best of both worlds.
The safety yellow, powder coated finish solves many of the unique challenges for food warehousing and packaged grocery facilities in particular. As opposed to galvanizing, the powder coat will not wear off and rust after repeated wash downs and there is no risk of toxic gases from welding galvanized materials when you are using bolts to secure the ramp stop. In addition, the bolt on attachment can even be removed, sandblasted and repainted if desired.
The bolt on pallet flow ramp stop has many benefits particularly dealing with lane safety, accessibility and maintaining your warehousing operations bottom line. Give us a call to discuss these and any other warehousing challenges you may

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.761673
Retrieved Text: The Toon shader is part of a non-photorealistic rendering (NPR) solution that is provided in combination with the Contour Filter.
Volumes, motion blur, DOF and the VR camera do not currently work with the Toon shader.
Toon Edges can be jaggy if the pixel intensity is greater than 1.0 (for example, when incorrectly combining a Background shader with Skydome camera visibility). This can be fixed by clamping the Camera (AA) samples.
The diagram and accompanying text below describe the shading components that form the Toon shader. Note that the appearance of the Base Tonemap (using a ramp) appears very different with Skydome lighting (soft gradation) compared to that of say a directional light (hard gradation). Rollover the image below to view the effect of lighting on the Base Tonemap ramp.
Skydome lighting. Rollover image for directional lighting.
The Toon shader supports Line Color and Width Control. Both of these are useful for avoiding line clutter and changing the line stroke style. The Edge detection also uses id, mask color, and texture UV discontinuity. To view the Toon Edge, you must change the Filter Type (Sampling settings) to Contour. Note that increasing the Contour Filter Width (Sampling settings) value will increase render times.
An arbitrary texture that can be used to create a highlight. It requires a smooth tangent field. A light must be specified for the stylized highlight.
The Toon shader uses cell shading via ramp nodes for both Base and Specular. While it is recommended to connect ramp shaders to the Tonemap attributes, any shader can be connected.
Connect a ramp here to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.684135
Retrieved Text: If you are visiting our page, you or a loved one could be in need of a ramp.
Right Now Mobility can help you find the perfect ramp solution for your needs. We’ll need to gather information from you such as the length of time you will need the ramp, how many steps there are, whether you're using a Manual Wheelchair, Scooter or Walker to get up the ramp. If you're using a manual chair, will the person self-propel the chair up the ramp or will someone else push them up it? All of these answers will help us determine what type of ramp you need, portable or modular, the length of the ramp and whether you should purchase or rent the ramp.
A site visit from Right Now Mobility is the best way to obtain an accurate quote. We’ll get answers to the questions above, be able to see the terrain and measure to see what size ramp will fit in the yard.
What Length of time will you need the ramp?
To determine which style of ramp will best fit your situation we need to determine how long you will need the ramp. If you're just trying to get Grandma over for Thanksgiving, a portable ramp could possibly be the best scenario for you. If you are needing a ramp because your loved one was paralyzed in a car accident, you would probably be looking for something more permanent.
How Many Steps are you Going Up?
This will determine the rise, The ADA Guidelines recommend for every 1 inch of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.620209
Retrieved Text: Propelling high-potential startups to expand and create jobs is the goal of RAMP, a new technology business accelerator program set to launch in early 2017 in downtown Roanoke.
Entrepreneurs who seek to scale up their companies will apply to participate in RAMP, which stands for Regional Acceleration and Mentoring Program. The program will be housed in the historic Gill Memorial Hospital building at 709 S. Jefferson St., along the recently announced downtown Health Sciences and Technology Innovation District.
The program’s model, based on best practices garnered from existing successful business accelerators, will initially focus on accelerating three to five technology- or life science-focused companies per year, Whitt said. Companies accepted into RAMP will work closely with multiple mentors during an intensive three- to four-month “boot camp for founders” designed to focus on building, testing, improving, validating product-market fit, and launching their product for the market.
According to Greg Feldmann, Chairman of the RAMP Advisory Board, having access to mentors who have built and managed successful businesses is a key differentiator of an accelerator program versus an incubator.
RAMP will operate from the top floor of the three-story Gill building, which was constructed as an ear, nose and throat clinic by civic leader Dr. Elbyrne Gill in 1930. Virginia Western Community College will offer business education courses open to the public on the second floor. The first floor will be available for lease to an anchor tenant. RBTC will maintain its Roanoke office in the building.
The Gill building’s most recent owner, Carilion Clinic, sold it to the city in 2015. Design

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.538416
Retrieved Text: Welcome back to Home Building Plans site, this time I show some galleries about contemporary homes interior. May these some pictures for your need, we found these are newest pictures. Well, you can use them for inspiration. We added information from each image that we get, including set size and resolution.
Please click the picture to see the large or full size image. If you like and want to share you must click like/share button, maybe you can help more people can get this information. Here there are, you can see one of our contemporary homes interior collection, there are many picture that you can found, we hope you like them too.
You should use a soft curvy line however take into account that you don't need your visitors to be wandering round pondering they took the flawed path which will never get them to the front door. Here's more info in regards to Adorable visit the page. A properly decorated seating space, maybe with out of doors cushions, gives guests the impression that they are welcome to remain for awhile. When making plans for building a shed it is commonly the little things that are ignored. An important is that when you're making plans to construct a shed you absolutely consider the smallest particulars before you begin to build. Don't attempt to construct with out one. When you've got thought of both slope and security fastidiously, the ramp you construct will probably be straightforward to use. Though it is an important element of your home, you should

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.460138
Retrieved Text: Patented Truck Bed Extender opens to become a motorcycle ramp capable of holding dirt bikes and most street bikes under 600lbs.
Fits Ford Ranger, Toyota Tacoma, Dodge Dakota, Nissan Frontier and Hardbody, Hummer H3-T, GMC Canyon, Chevy S-10 and Colorado, and even the Volkswagen Amarok. See appication chart for details.
15% lighter than our original design, and weighs only 19lbs!
#1 in the motorcycle industry for over 15 years!
Will update this review after a bit more use – one thing I’ll say is the easiest way to install the bolts was to use a ratchet that had a torx bit in it. Then the self tapping bolts work great.
I then removed them in phases to add some blue threadlock. Worked flawlessly.
First time using the ramp was great, likewise for the bed extender – in the GMC canyon everything fit perfectly.
A ratchet is easy, and an electric drill or impact driver is even easier. Soon all of our Ramps will be 100% pre-assembled, so this won’t be necessary.
Let’s start this review by saying I absolutely love this ramp. I’ll start at the beginning with unboxing and assembly. The ramp was packaged well and arrived in tact without damage. All parts were wrapped nicely and everything was accounted for. Others have commented on how difficult assembly was, but it honestly wasn’t that bad. If you don’t own a drill, then yes, assembly is going to be very unpleasant for you. But I for one would like to think anybody considering this purchase probably owns a drill or at very least can

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.432726
Retrieved Text: I wonder if there is a way to edit / remap data out of zLineOfAction node which we feed to zFiber.
Point is, that i would like to use remap ramp or something similar to fine tune curve how zLine will fire my muscle fiber growth. If i have layered zFibers to get shape and bulge of muscles i need, for example on bicep muscle, i just dont have enough control to make it fire in non linear fashion and exactly when i want.
I can get shape and amount of bulge i need, but i find it hard to control how and when it's going to be activated.
It would be great if some sort of remap ramp is included in zLine node so we can remap linear values and have full control of values.
Let me know if there is a way to do this atm.
There isn't a way to interact at that level with line-of-action. There are a couple things I can suggest as workarounds and a couple ideas for how we might change the software in the future to better suit your needs.
- Get line-of-action working as best you can, then use the zFiber.excitation attribute for any corrections you want to add on top. This provides a lot of control, but puts it all in your hands. How you control zFiber.excitation is up to you.
- Stop using line-of-action. If you want really detailed control over how the muscle excites, then you may prefer to use your own expression/ramp/whatever to go from curve length (or joint angles,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.418245
Retrieved Text: How to construct an aslope wall or floor?
It is possible to use different room elements, also a ramp. This is very useful to create an aslope floor.
An aslope wall can only created with help of the standard objects for example using a wedge or an extrusion volume.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.411566
Retrieved Text: Friction Force: F f is opposite to the direction in which the object moves. F g F N F f α. 3 Experiment P-9 An Inclined Plane Ver 3.0.5 In order to find the force that takes the object down the slope we need to break the gravity force into two components, F II is parallel to the slope and F┴ is perpendicular to the slope. F II = sinα × F g = sinα × mg In the absence of friction and... On this page I put together a collection of inclined plane problems to help you better understand the physics behind them. The required equations and background reading to solve these problems are given under the following pages: rigid body dynamics, center of mass, and friction.
Let’s look at a standard question of gravity on an inclined plane (slope) to see how we would figure it out. Example 1 : Determine the acceleration of a 15 kg box down a 30° slope if the coefficient of friction …... When an object slide down to an inclined plane, friction is involved and the force of friction opposes the motion down the ramp. Here is an online Friction on Inclined Plane Calculator to calculate friction force on Inclined Slope at angle A.
Tagged with: force needed for movement up ramp at a constant speed, force needed for sliding down ramp at constant speed, force needed to prevent object from sliding down incline, forces on a hill, Free-body diagrams, friction on a ramp, frictional forces along an inclined plane,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.339249
Retrieved Text: OVERLAND PARK, Kan. -- The newest set of ramp meters were up and running in Overland Park, Kansas on Thursday morning.
The ramp meters are located near 135th and U.S. 69 Highway. The ramp meters, which look like traffic lights, are automatically activated once the traffic builds up.
KC Scout was on-hand to watch how driver reacted during rush hour traffic Thursday.
The meters are the eighth set of ramp meters in the metro. The total includes the ones at I-435 and Metcalf, Nall and Roe Avenue, and Wornall and Holmes.
Ramp meters have proven to be effective. For example they helped decrease traffic on the freeway by 64 percent and help promote safe driving.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.323437
Retrieved Text: 2. If a curb and gutter section is replaced at a street intersection, is a handicap ramp automatically installed?
Yes, any time the curb and gutter is replaced at a corner intersection a handicap ramp should be installed.
3. What determines if a handicap ramp needs to be repaired or replaced?
If the ramp is off-grade (unlevel) enough to be a tripping or safety hazard it should be repaired or replaced. Repairs to a handicap ramp are considered a priority and receive quick response.
4. Who is responsible for repairing, replacing, or installing a handicap ramp on private property, in a shopping center, or at a business?
The property management company or the owner of the property would be responsible for the repairs, replacement, or installation.
5. Whom should I call to either request that a handicap ramp be installed (sidewalk must intersect with a roadway at an intersection) or an existing ramp be repaired?
6. Why are handicap ramps necessary at intersections of the sidewalk and the street?
Any sidewalk that intersects with a roadway at an intersection must have a handicap ramp installed in compliance with the American's with Disabilities Act (ADA) and city standards. These ramps are valuable safety features to those disabled and visually impaired citizens in the City of Hampton.
7. Why do some of the old handicap ramps have a smooth concrete surface and the newer ones have a rough surface?
The newer handicap ramps have a pea gravel or pea stone surface that makes it easy for the visually impaired to identify the ramp. It lets them know that

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.320818
Retrieved Text: can a direct current vary with time. For an example like an exponent signal, ramp signal.
Can direct current be converted to AC current?
Yes it can! One way to do that is through a device called an inverter.
Higher voltage means low current? What if low voltages, will it means low current too?
That's not necessarily true. If we are talking about converting AC or DC to a different voltage, then the maximum possible current will change. If we convert voltages (in either AC or DC), then power stays the same (assuming 100% efficiency in your converter). Since P = V * I, if you decrease voltage, then current must rise to keep power the same. Hope that makes sense.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.317696
Retrieved Text: A method for determining the respiratory flow of a patient receiving bi-level respiratory therapy is provided. The method may include measuring the total air flow through a breathing area at a time approximately when the patient has completed exhalation, measuring the pressure in the breathing area, determining a constant representing a corrective flow factor by dividing the measured total air flow by the square root of the measured pressure, and determining the patient's respiratory flow by subtracting from a subsequent total air flow the product of constant and the square root of a subsequent pressure.
This application claims priority from French Patent Application No. 06/08598, which was filed on Sep. 29, 2006, and is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.
The present disclosure relates generally to the field of respiratory therapy, e.g., a system and method for detecting respiratory events.
Sleep apnea occurs when a person stops breathing during sleep. An apnea may be defined as the cessation or reduction of airflow for a certain period of time. Apneas may lead to decreased blood oxygenation and thus to the disruption of sleep. With some apneas, the airway is open, and the patient is merely not attempting to breathe. With other apneas, the airway is closed. The airway may also be partially obstructed (i.e., narrowed). This may also lead to decreased ventilation, decreased blood oxygenation, and/or disturbed sleep.
A common form of treatment for apneas is the administration of Continuous Positive Airway Pressure (CPAP). CPAP treatment acts as a pneumatic splint of the airway by the provision of a constant

================



======= Instance Index 6863 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 




Q: All living things are able to produce what?

 Choices:

- offspring

- tissue

- proteins

- toxins

A:

Target Text: offspring

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.878565
Retrieved Text: Hi reader, Thanks for ones time to learn to read articles in every photograph that any of us offer. What we are generally reading nows a graphic Living And Dining Room Combo. By in this article it is possible to know your generation of precisely what would you give produce the property along with the space exclusive. Right here all of us will indicate one more image by simply hitting a new button Next/Prev IMAGE. Living And Dining Room Combo The author stacking these beautifully to be able to fully grasp the actual intent on the preceding article, so that you can produce just by taking a look at the actual photograph Living And Dining Room Combo. Living And Dining Room Combo truly nicely from your gallery previously mentioned, so as to lead you to operate to create a family house or perhaps a area more beautiful. All of us additionally display Living And Dining Room Combo get visited any people friends.
You may use Living And Dining Room Combo, with all the proviso that will the usage of the content or maybe picture every single post simply limited to persons, certainly not with regard to industrial purposes. Plus the writer likewise allows freedom in order to each and every image, providing ORIGINAL Link this web site. Once we have got explained previous to, in the event whenever they want youll need a image, youll be able to help save this snapshot Living And Dining Room Combo with mobile phone devices, mobile computer as well as pc

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.282686
Retrieved Text: Hi target audience, Thanks on your work-time to learn to read an article divorce lawyers atlanta photo we produce. What you are usually looking at nows a picture Family Living Room Decor Ideas. Via right here you possibly can realize the particular creation regarding what exactly could you get for make the house plus the place particular. In this article we all will probably demonstrate an additional impression merely by simply clicking the option Next/Prev IMAGE. Family Living Room Decor Ideas The writer stacking these beautifully to help you understand the intention from the previous post, to help you to produce through thinking about your photograph Family Living Room Decor Ideas. Family Living Room Decor Ideas definitely efficiently in the gallery earlier mentioned, to be able to allow you to function to create a property or even a space additional gorgeous. We all also display Family Living Room Decor Ideas have visited any people guests.
You can utilize Family Living Room Decor Ideas, using the proviso which using the content as well as image each article only limited by people, definitely not intended for professional uses. Plus the article author likewise allows liberty in order to every graphic, presenting ORIGINAL Link this website. Even as we include described previous to, if without notice youll need a photo, it is possible to help save the picture Family Living Room Decor Ideas throughout cell phones, notebook as well as pc simply by right-clicking the actual impression then choose "SAVE AS IMAGE" as well as youll be able to acquire

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.274609
Retrieved Text: Yesterday, my daughter — who has been a constant source of amazement for me lately — decided to take a fake cardboard guitar we made for her and stand on the coffee table in our living room to give a brief, private concert. (She didn’t end up singing because she apparently has early on-set stage fright).
Nevertheless, she did pluck the strings of the guitar and proceed to act as if she were regaling us with its music.
It struck me at that moment that I would love to see what her mind sees. Does she see an actual guitar and hear actual music? Is she believing that she’s on stage? What do her eyes tell her — or rather, her mind’s eyes?
All at once, I saw the vestiges of something we’re losing as a generation and a people. Movies, video games, smartphone games, etc are beginning to replace the imagination. All things fantastic portrayed for us now. And as we advance further in technology, we are actually, I believe, compromising our ability to imagine. Because isn’t that the goal of entertainment, to create and put in front of our eyes the likeness of the real, of the genuine.
It’s an interesting paradox. On the one hand, I do want to be entertained. On the other, I’d like to be able to create, to draw the fantastic, to envision things that don’t exist, but that appear as if they might. I want to be able to exercise my imagination and have it produce things that are unique.
So, even though

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.242605
Retrieved Text: House style suggestions may encourage a person as well as show you within upgrading your house or even living area if it’s out-of-date. You will find numerous suggestions that will help a person change the entire appear of your house. If you have the best suggestions, you are able to produce a distinctive room by having an exceptional design.
You may also make use of various colours, designs as well as thickness associated with lines to keep the powerful as well as well balanced appear from the décor in your house. For example, if you wish to produce a feeling associated with elevated elevation in your house, you should use up and down lines to produce a well balanced percentage from the areas using the higher ceilings.
Whenever buying brand new fittings in your house, end up being interested in the selection of colours. Among the main house décor suggestions has been conservatively daring. You are able to prevent selecting trend-driven or even periodic colours as well as rather, consider textures as well as colours that you could reside along with with regard to lengthy without having sensation bored stiff. You should use tosses as well as cushions to include images as well as boldness in order to natural colours. The great thing relating to this is actually it enables you to alter as well as renew the appearance as well as design of your house when you seem like.
Opt for personal details. Rather than piece of art the whole space, you are able to select gentle home

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.192772
Retrieved Text: The concept of time has transformed from a physical reality to an illness. Living slowly has become synonymous with inefficiency and error. “Losing track of time” is almost sacrilegious for many, because it is always assumed “the faster the better.” The unfortunate thing is that it is no longer time that we lose track of, but life.
To live in a constant state of hurry is almost like not living at all. You have minimal contact with each experience. You hardly live them. You barely stop to savor them. Speed helps you elude things, experience them without really experiencing them. You miss all the details and, with them, the essence of the experience.
When we live at a high speed, it is difficult to find time to think. There is no room to stop and reflect about what you are doing or how you are living. You can only pedal faster, trying to use each second so you don’t lose it.
This culture of speed has obvious consequences. First of all, your body is constantly hyper-stimulated. You constantly have high levels of adrenaline, and also of cortisol, the stress hormone. These hormones can make you feel high, and you may become addicted to the feeling.
Nevertheless, this natural high comes at a great cost. When your body has become used to living at this pace, without time to even breathe deeply, you are more likely to get sick. Stress will eventually bring aches and pains.
On the other hand, living slowly – or, what’s better, being able to change between speeds

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.082174
Retrieved Text: Through education and exposure to the unique circumstances, elements, and people that came together to produce this thing called hot rodding, we hope to spread the word that what was first thought to be a delinquent's form of rebellion has ultimately shaped our society much for the better. Such things as technology, music, and fashion, have all been effected by this movement, and the innovations made by these "kids" are things we all use everyday in our lives and especially our daily transportation.
Our Story is a Living Thing!
The American Hot Rod Foundation is made up of hot rodders and land speed racers who want everyone to experience and enjoy real hot rodding as we do. Fortunately for all of us, there are more great events popping up every day celebrating traditional hot rodding. We will not only cover and discuss these events but will be involved in many of them as well. We feel it is important that this tradition be a living thing and that early hot rod technology be used and demonstrated in ways similar to what our original hot rod pioneers experienced. Check in with us often for our coverage of all things "living" in the world of old school hot rodding!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.055517
Retrieved Text: Hi viewer, Thank you on your some time to see a write-up divorce lawyers atlanta photo that any of us produce. What we tend to be looking at now is a photo Modern Living Room Interior Design. By the following it is possible to know the design associated with just what does one have for produce the home and also the place special. Below all of us will demonstrate another graphic simply by simply clicking some sort of button Next/Prev IMAGE. Modern Living Room Interior Design The writer stacking these people perfectly to be able to fully grasp the actual intention from the preceding article, in order to generate by simply thinking about the particular image Modern Living Room Interior Design. Modern Living Room Interior Design definitely efficiently through the gallery previously mentioned, if you want to let you do the job to build a property or a area more wonderful. All of us also present Modern Living Room Interior Design include been to any people family and friends.
You might use Modern Living Room Interior Design, while using the proviso which using this content or perhaps photograph every write-up merely tied to individuals, not necessarily regarding professional purposes. Along with the author also provides overall flexibility to just about every photograph, giving ORIGINAL Link this web site. As we get discussed previous to, when without notice youll need a image, you can spend less the actual picture Modern Living Room Interior Design throughout mobile phones, laptop or even personal computer through right-clicking the actual photograph then

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.027199
Retrieved Text: What Are Light Dependent Reactions?
Plants act as a good complement to humanity, as the latter species breathes out carbon dioxide, which the plants then turn it into the oxygen humans need to live. Plants take in carbon dioxide, nutrients from the soil, water, and sunlight and create oxygen and a kind of simple sugar that they use for energy. This is a process necessary to life on Earth.
Photosynthesis acts as an important factor that sustains life on Earth. Plants take in carbon dioxide, sunlight, water, and nutrients from the Earth and turn it into sugar and oxygen, which many species need to breathe.
Humans and animals exhale carbon dioxide as a byproduct of respiration. Plants extract the carbon dioxide from the air and use it in photosynthesis process to feed themselves. The carbon dioxide enters the leaves of the plant through small pores called stomata. Once the carbon dioxide enters the plant, the process begins with the help of sunlight and water.
During this process, the plant combines carbon dioxide with water to allow the plant to extract what it needs for food. The plant uses sunlight as energy to perform this chemical reaction. Photosynthesis separates carbon dioxide and water — known as CO2 and H2O, respectively — into their individual molecules and combines them into new products. Once the process is done, the plant releases Oxygen, or O2, into the surrounding air. It also creates C6H12O6, a substance similar to glucose, that feeds the plant.
Because they often receive more carbon dioxide and water than they need to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.919777
Retrieved Text: Howdy viewer, Many thanks to your work-time to read a piece of writing divorce lawyers atlanta photo that people produce. What you tend to be looking at nows a graphic Looking For Living Room Furniture. Through below it is possible to realize the actual development associated with precisely what would you give produce the property along with the place special. Below we all can show another impression through hitting the switch Next/Prev IMAGE. Looking For Living Room Furniture The writer stacking these perfectly to enable you to understand the objective in the earlier content, so you can build just by investigating the photo Looking For Living Room Furniture. Looking For Living Room Furniture genuinely neatly from your gallery over, in order to allow you to do the job to develop a home or maybe a area much more lovely. Many of us furthermore display Looking For Living Room Furniture have visited any people company.
You can utilize Looking For Living Room Furniture, with the proviso which the use of this content or picture every single post solely tied to folks, certainly not pertaining to commercial purposes. In addition to the writer likewise offers flexibility for you to just about every photograph, offering ORIGINAL Link this great site. Even as we have got described before, in case without notice you need a photo, you possibly can conserve the picture Looking For Living Room Furniture within mobile phone devices, mobile computer or maybe laptop or computer through right-clicking this graphic and then pick out "SAVE AS IMAGE" or youll

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.792774
Retrieved Text: Hello guys, this image is about Outdoor Fire Pit On Wheels #3 Best Of Coleman Outdoor Fire Pit Coleman Camping Fire Pit. This blog post is a image/jpeg and the resolution of this picture is 784 x 588. It's file size is only 8 KB. Wether You want to save This image to Your laptop, you could Click here. You could also see more attachments by clicking the image below or read more at here: Outdoor Fire Pit On Wheels.
Along with wallpaper, there's loads of Outdoor Fire Pit On Wheels that is other as you are able to choose for your family area. As an example, if you have a family room that is little, you can place a reflection on the wall using a unique condition. Moreover, it offers a larger watch, your living room will be surely decorated by the reflection. Painting etc can be also used by you.
Just be to make the top decoration to your living room wall, innovative. As it pertains to the majority of home decorating living-rooms tend to be monotonous, it's since the surfaces were clean. Since a wall that is empty vacuum aan get that promotion to the guestroom.
Outdoor Fire Pit On Wheels #3 Best Of Coleman Outdoor Fire Pit Coleman Camping Fire Pit will present a few ideas and tips as you are able to utilize to produce wall hangings living-room to create it seem contemporary and exclusive. You must prepare your walls a comprehensive cleanup before performing wonderful action. Washing the surfaces will seethe living room

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.762976
Retrieved Text: Amazon.com: Live And Sleep Resort Ultra, King Size 12-inch Medium Firm Cooling Gel Memory Foam Mattress With Luxury Form Pillow, Certipur-US Certified Plus .
This article about Live To Sleep Mattress was posted at February 8, 2018 at 10:04 pm. It is published in the Mattress category. Live To Sleep Mattress is tagged with Live To Sleep Mattress, Live, To, Sleep, Mattress..
In addition to picture, there is loads of different Live To Sleep Mattress that you could decide for your family area. For instance, when you have a family area that is small, you can put a reflection on the wall using a distinctive shape. Furthermore, it gives a larger view, your family room will be surely decorated by the mirror. Artwork, artwork, etc can be also used by you.
Live To Sleep Mattress may demonstrate ideas and ideas as you are able to utilize to generate wallhangings living room to produce it seem contemporary and special. Before undertaking action that is fantastic, you have to ready your walls a thorough washing. Cleaning the surfaces will help to see the living room wall hangings look sights that are comfy and more fresh.
Just be creative to make the very best decoration for the family area wall. Because the surfaces were simple in regards to the majority of home decorating living-rooms are usually tedious, it's. Because a wall that is empty vacuum aan get that promotion around the guest room.
If you want to decorate your walls, that you don't need to get them in stores. With produce your own personal,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.762072
Retrieved Text: I realized I need to have about 30 minutes to myself midmorning and mid afternoon. This is in addition to my morning devotion time and evening time.
What I have found is this quiet time allows me to reconnect with myself and to check how I am progressing with me. Not anyone else but me, if I am able to just sit, think, read, write or … taking the time refuel me and I am in harmony with living in the present moment. I am able to clarify my priorities and drop distractions for that day. At the end of the day, I am more focused, have things in order and am ready to progress into my life and my world. In times past, I have lived like a hamster on a spinning wheel, just running and running trying to stay on top of the wheel to prevent me from falling. Ironically, not much happened except me being tired, out of breath and dizzy from all the stress and activities that did not produce the fruit I wanted nor carry out all the goals before me.
Make the Time to Take Time for yourself…….
Listen to your life. Listen to your body.
Listen to the pace of life you are living.
Listen to that inward witness that will lead and guide you.
It is worth it; you will be a better you and in tune with what is most important and vital in the NOW. Making the time to take the time will strengthen your resolve to recognize distractions. It will help

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.706848
Retrieved Text: Howdy readers, Thank you for ones precious time to learn to read a write-up atlanta divorce attorneys image that we produce. Everything you tend to be studying nows a photo Wall Unit In Living Room. Via right here you are able to know the particular generation regarding just what does one give produce the house as well as the bedroom unique. Right here all of us may show one more picture merely by simply clicking any key Next/Prev IMAGE. Wall Unit In Living Room The writer stacking these individuals neatly so that you can comprehend the objective on the prior content, to help you build just by thinking about your photograph Wall Unit In Living Room. Wall Unit In Living Room genuinely beautifully from the gallery earlier mentioned, in order to let you work to construct a family house or even a area much more stunning. We also show Wall Unit In Living Room have visited any people visitors.
You may use Wall Unit In Living Room, with the proviso that the usage of this article as well as photograph each and every article simply on a people, not really intended for business purposes. In addition to the article author also gives flexibility for you to every single photograph, presenting ORIGINAL Link this site. Even as we have described prior to, if anytime you want a photograph, you can help save this snapshot Wall Unit In Living Room with mobile phone devices, laptop or even laptop or computer merely by right-clicking the actual graphic and pick "SAVE

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.704407
Retrieved Text: 3. LIVING THINGS CAN GROW, MOVE AND NEED FOOD. People, animals and plants are living things.
5. Viviparous animals are born from their mother’s womb. Oviparous animals are born from an egg. Plants are born from seeds.
6. A seed grows to become a tree. A baby grows to become an adult.
7. A puppy grows to become a dog. A chic grows to become a hen. A tadpole grows to become a frog.
8. When living things reproduce, they make other living things with the same characteristics.
9. All living things die.
11. All living things need a place to live.
12. VITAL FUNCTIONS Nutrition Humans and animals cannot make their own food. Plants can make their own food. Photosynthesis is the process by which plants make their food.
13. Interaction Reproduction All animals interact with other animals. We use our senses to interact with other things. Animals make new animals with the same characteristics. Plants produce seeds from which other plants grow.
15. NON - LIVING THINGS CAN’T GROW, MOVE AND DON’T NEED FOOD A table, a car, a pencil, a house, a doll, a fan, mountains and clouds are non-living things.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.658258
Retrieved Text: I’ve watched a lot of Ted Talks, but there are some that really stand out.
There was the one about “lollipop moments” that my college professor played at the end of each semester. Watch it. You won’t regret it.
And then there was the time that I interviewed for a position and my interviewer, who looked more like a 26-year-old washed up, frat boy, walked around the office with me quoting a Ted Talk he had watched. Apparently walking around during an interview makes interviewees less nervous. While that may be true, walking didn’t disguise the fact that their office was an exact replica of “The Office.” Dunder Mifflin is great on TV, but not so much in real life.
Anyway, there are so many great Ted Talks and TedxCharlotte is later this month. I went to the opening TedxCharlotte party where they announced this year’s speakers, and let me tell you, they are inspiring. These are people living, working and changing this community for the better. You don’t want to miss what they have to say.
But there are still 30 free tickets available for college students. If you’re a college student and want to attend, apply here.
If you are kicking yourself for not buying a ticket in time (and for no longer being able to enjoy those college student perks), fret not. Hygge is all about making things easy which is why we will host a viewing party in the OrthoCarolina Living Room on October 28 to watch TedxCharlotte. Space is limited, so please RSVP with the form

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.612152
Retrieved Text: If you want to lose weight and build muscle, you have to pay attention to your adrenal glands, and make sure that they are working properly.
When you are living in stress your adrenal glands produce very powerful chemicals that in the long term can begin to destroy your body. When you live in stress day in and day out, you are living on the outside, your energy is going out to deal with the outer world and not much is left for healing, building, repair, and weight loss.
Let’s first define what the adrenal glands are and what functions they perform in your body.
The adrenal glands are two small glands, the size of a walnut, that sit on top of your kidneys. These glands are controlled by the hypothalamus and pituitary gland. Your hypothalamus is the internal keeper of balance in your body. It is constantly scanning the internal and external environment, in order to maintain homeostasis in the body. When it senses change, it sends signals to the pituitary, which then activates the adrenal glands via hormones.
They produce cortisol, the most powerful anti inflammatory substance in the body.
Physical, Chemical and Emotional Stress that accumulates in the body. Your body is not designed to deal with long term stress.
The level at which those events affect your health will vary; some people are naturally more sensitive than others.
Regardless of the cause, it’s time to give your adrenal glands a break. The best thing to do right away is to eliminate or at least reduce your sources of stress.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.594069
Retrieved Text: Hi there reader, Appreciate it for the some time to learn to read articles in each and every picture that people produce. Everything you are usually looking at now could be a photo Living Room Table Design. From right here you are able to recognize the actual generation connected with what could you get for help make the property and also the area unique. Here we all may present one more picture merely by clicking on the press button Next/Prev IMAGE. Living Room Table Design The author stacking these people perfectly so as to recognize the actual intent of the past post, to help you produce simply by taking a look at this picture Living Room Table Design. Living Room Table Design definitely efficiently in the gallery previously mentioned, in order to let you do the job to construct a property or even a area a lot more lovely. Many of us furthermore show Living Room Table Design have got visited any people family and friends.
You can utilize Living Room Table Design, using the proviso of which the use of the article or even image each submit merely limited by folks, not necessarily intended for business oriented purposes. In addition to the creator likewise provides independence in order to every single photograph, giving ORIGINAL Link this website. Even as we possess explained previous to, in case at any time you need a photograph, you are able to help save the actual snapshot Living Room Table Design in cellphones, notebook as well as personal computer by just

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.582203
Retrieved Text: 1 + 1 doesn’t always equal 2.
This is an email I sent to a client, trying to explain why 1 + 1 doesn’t always equal 2 after they asked: “Can you confirm the cost for a stylist (if not already included) for this project”.
Which on the face of it sounded like a strange forward request and could easily have been answered by just saying the Stylist’s day rate fee is £££.
However, sometimes things are not that simple – hence this email to explain why – which I have decided to post here for others to read … and hopefully it will make sense to some of you.
You will be well aware, putting a price on what we ‘creatives’ do, is never easy or straightforward.
There are more than 100 different ways to shoot any subject – from quick snap-shots through to full production staged images – which means all images are not equal nor will they be the same. That, in turn, means there value to others could vary hugely… from zero to thousands of pounds.
So when Quoting a fee – to produce & provide images for others to use – I need to look at a number of things, besides the subject matter, to determine where to start.
For example, I not only need to take into account the type of images they require – the style, the look & the feel – I also need to take into account the number of images they require, plus the Media use, Period of use and Territory of use.
This

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.451548
Retrieved Text: In Science this term, Year 4 is investigating aspects of the living world and how food and fibre is produced from living things. To support their learning, Daniel and Justine Harris, farmers from north-west New South Wales, visited Ascham to speak about food and fibre production and the agricultural processes involved in growing plants and raising animals.
Students learnt about mustering, sheering, wool classing and harvesting processes, as well as the advancing technology used in the agricultural industry. They were able to feel different types of plant and animal fibres including merino and alpaca wool, silk, cotton, bamboo and ramie. They were also given some cotton seeds to take home to plant.
In the coming weeks, students will draw upon what they have learned to design and produce a product or system to support the growth of a plant and/or animal.
We’re grateful to Daniel and Justine and also for the opportunity to teach our girls about life on the land.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.424513
Retrieved Text: It is difficult to hide rotten fruit.
Luke 3:7-14 He then said to the crowds who came out to be baptized by him, “Brood of vipers! Who warned you to flee from the coming wrath?
8 Therefore produce fruit consistent with repentance. And don’t start saying to yourselves, ‘We have Abraham as our father,’ for I tell you that God is able to raise up children for Abraham from these stones!
Take note that the correct process is new convert first and then new lifestyle second. Jesus doesn’t expect us to become experts at living to please him overnight.
You should understand that all of us are producing fruit, it is just a matter of whether the fruit is good or not, Jesus says we can’t produce both. (Luke 6:41-45) We can try and cover up the truth about ourselves but when the produce is rotten then the whole world will figure it out.
I need to protect my heart so that the things that I say and do will be a testimony to the change that Jesus has made in my life. I need to live out Matthew 5:16 so that the world will see good fruit and be drawn closer to Jesus.
Thank you Lord for giving me a new life, I want to produce good fruit as a testimony of your goodness.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.406641
Retrieved Text: With the exception of single-celled organisms and very simple life forms, living things have complex bodies that contain many functional parts. You can organize these parts into different levels of complexity or cellular organization. They range from the smallest, simplest functional units of living things to the largest and most complex.
Most organisms have functional parts with five levels: cells, tissues, organs, organ systems and whole organisms. Cells hold genetic material and absorb outside energy. Tissues make up the bones, nerves and connective fibers of the body. Organs work to perform specific bodily tasks, such as filtering blood. Organ systems are groups of organs that perform a specific kind of function together, such as digesting food. Together, these smaller systems make up an entire living organism, which is capable of growing, using energy and reproducing.
Cells are the smallest functional units of all livings things. Both plants and animals contain various kinds of cells. Cells help living things absorb nutrients. In the case of animals, these nutrients come from food. In the case of plants, they come mostly from sunlight, which plant cells convert into usable nutrients via a process called photosynthesis.
Both plant and animal cells carry genetic material in the form of DNA. Without DNA, livings things would not be able to pass on their individual characteristics or the characteristics of their species to the next generation.
Different kinds of cells perform different functions. For example, in animals, red blood cells help to attack viruses, while sperm and egg cells aid in reproduction.
Tissues are the organic material from

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.387678
Retrieved Text: We may refer to nature as the unseen power that makes all forms of life and natural activities function on Earth. Nature has been handling enormous environmental changes on Earth for about 3.5 billion years; that’s why many environmental experts say that when the Earth faces problematic environmental changes, we should observe and learn how to use nature’s methods/practices to handle such changes.
The sun powers life on Earth and energizes our weather, water cycle, ocean and river waves, and supports photosynthesis — thereby helping plants acquire nutrients and chemicals which most organisms need to live and reproduce. Without energy from the sun, there would be no plants, no animals, nothing to feed on, and probably no life; in fact, in order for all natural systems to thrive, they must depend on the sun.
Sunlight — unlike fossil fuels which have been known to cause harsh climatic conditions and global warming — also powers indirect forms of solar energy like flowing water and wind, which can all be used to produce electricity without degrading the Earth’s atmosphere.
We should learn to diversify, in terms of the knowledge and solutions we seek. If you’ve been using only one popular approach to achieve something, you’d be better equipped if you learn another (or others). Never keep your hope on one or few ideas, solutions or activities. Most people tend to depend on only one or few ideas — which might not be a bad thing to do — till failure sets in. People seem to ignore the fact that a popular

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.358692
Retrieved Text: Essential Questions How do different forms of energy transfer and/or change matter? In what ways can energy be effectively conserved? How do machines use energy to do work? What would energy-efficient machines look like? What strategies/ideas can we pose to promote the effective use and conservation of energy?
Energy Policy - Which energy policy would make the United States most environmentally friendly?
Essential Questions What causes weather conditions? How do matter and energy interact to produce weather patters? Why do different locations have different weather conditions? What short-term/long-term solutions can we propose that will reduce pollution?
Essential Question How does the transfer of matter and energy through biological communities support the diversity of living things?
Microorganisms in Our Environment - How do microorganism in our environment impact our lives?
Essential Questions In what ways are living and nonliving things dependent on each other? What factors affect the interdependence of living and nonliving things?
The Food Chain - How do human interactions interrupt the food chain?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.316423
Retrieved Text: Attention Chefs and Restaurant Owners!!!
Do you want to be able to serve the finest ingredients?
There's nothing better than enjoying greens directly out of the garden. That's why the farm-to-table movement has been so successful. Almost everyone agrees, the flavor and expressive texture of truly fresh produce that was harvested only hours ago is unmatched!
Want to know what's even better than farm-to-table?
Need a sprig of basil? It's on the wall, or counter, or in a window sill enhancing the beauty of your restaurant while also adding to the flavor of your dishes. Your lettuce for the week will no longer take up valuable refrigerator space. Since our produce is delivered alive you pop it into our system in your restaurant and harvest what you need when you need it.
Unlike never before... We can provide you with a living display IN YOUR RESTAURANT! That's right, we'll install a living display, we'll maintain the system, and we'll deliver fully grown, living produce to you as you need it. Our systems afford a plug-and-play type of approach. This allows you to have beautiful living displays of fresh produce and herbs in your restaurant at all times.
We can grow nearly any herb or leafy green in any quantity all year round. You can have plugs of various herbs and lettuces all over your restaurant or only in your kitchen. It's entirely up to you. One of our founders is an engineer who loves tackling problems and coming up with out-of-the-box solutions. You tell us where you want to display your produce

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.311052
Retrieved Text: Hello there target audience, Thank you for the work-time to learn articles divorce lawyers atlanta photograph that any of us supply. What we are generally studying now is a picture Ideas For Living Room. By right here it is possible to recognize this formation connected with just what does one give to produce your home and the place particular. Below we all will probably indicate an additional picture by simply clicking a button Next/Prev IMAGE. Ideas For Living Room The author stacking these individuals beautifully so as to fully grasp the motive from the past article, to help you generate through investigating the particular picture Ideas For Living Room. Ideas For Living Room actually neatly from the gallery over, if you want to lead you to do the job to develop a family house or perhaps a room far more stunning. We also demonstrate Ideas For Living Room have visited any people friends.
You can utilize Ideas For Living Room, with the proviso which using this great article or perhaps photo each publish just limited to people, definitely not for business reasons. As well as the writer additionally allows overall flexibility to be able to just about every photograph, supplying ORIGINAL Link this website. As we include defined prior to, if anytime you will need a picture, youll be able to save the particular picture Ideas For Living Room inside cellphones, notebook or even laptop or computer through right-clicking your photograph after which pick out "SAVE AS IMAGE" as well as you are able to obtain under

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.281868
Retrieved Text: Grow and don't have sense organs. In this chapter we will study about the both living and non-living things.
Growth is the main characteristic features of living things. A boy grows as a man, a girl grows as a woman, a baby grows as an adult one, a small plant grows to a tree. These all are the examples of the growth of living things.
However, proper growth of a living thing can not be possible without proper food. In fact, rate of growth of a living body depends on growth hormones. But our body cannot produce proper growth of hormones without proper food.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.27961
Retrieved Text: Big Idea:Students will take intellectual risks by answering yes or no questions to guess items in a guess box. Students will then identify the common attributes of each picture and create a presentation with additional photos that contain the same attributes.
Big Idea:Students will be able to classify objects that have common attributes using a comparison circle. They will analyze the relationships of the objects to determine that they all produce heat through burning.
How Does Burning Produce Heat?
Big Idea:Students will use an electronic reading source to learn about the production of heat through burning.
Big Idea:Students will discuss different experiences with friction.
Big Idea:Students will determine if non-living things can produce heat through friction.
Big Idea:Students will apply different objects and coatings to chopsticks to see how they effect friction.
Big Idea:Students to examine images on a concept placemat to make the connection of heat and electricity.
Big Idea:Students will complete a formative assessment that challenges them to recall information about the production of heat that was taught within the unit.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.270243
Retrieved Text: *I want to thank White Leaf Provisions for sponsoring this post; all thoughts and photos are my own.
If you have a toddler then you know the struggle of keeping them full, happy and energized for the long day! Our kids like snacks that keep them on the go. We like snacks that are healthy and easy to clean up. That's why when White Leaf Provisions reached out to partner we couldn't resist the chance! A company that values family, health and cares about the world? Whats not to love!
What about the packages? Where are the fruits and vegetables from? Where can I purchase these?
Best of all they sent us a sample so we could test them out for ourselves. We were not disappointed. My toddlers gulped down a packet before I could open the box and I was quick to finish off the last of her packet because I couldn't imagine wasting something so great! I was impressed and couldn't wait to share White Leaf Provisions with you.
Convenient unhealthy foods are in every aisle at the market, they are lined up at the check out lane and most importantly they are placed directly in front of kids view. It's much easier for our family to reach for a quick snack rather than a healthy snack. When our kids are yelling "eat eat eat" at us the pressure always causes me to think quick. But with White Leaf Provisions I am able to grab a super quick snack and KNOW that my kids are getting the nutrition

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.203493
Retrieved Text: I consider myself an abolitionist. I believe that animals are not here for us to abuse or use. I don’t believe that ‘happy meat’ is a good alternative to the horrors of factory farming. In my mind, it doesn’t matter how great a life a (truly) free-range egg chicken has because its sole purpose in life to to produce eggs for human consumption. And, that’s counter to the natural instincts of chickens. Chickens don’t sit around thinking ‘gee, I really want to produce eggs above my natural capacity so that humans can eat them!’ My cats get to laze about all day and do what cats do. They don’t live for my pleasure. They live to be cats. So, why can’t chickens just live to be chickens?
So, yes, I am an abolitionist. I think the only true cruelty-free way of living is to eschew animal products, violence and put the maximum effort into living a harm-free life. I believe that animals are not for our use; they are not slaves.
But – here is my problem. New egg laws in California. Banning of sow-stalls in Tassie and the following review of the practice in the rest of Australia. They are good things for animals. It’s good that animals are being thought of, that their welfare is being considered. And, that is where my struggle lays. I know it’s not enough, but I have to support these things because they are great things.
There isn’t a point to this post. Until the (ab)use of animals is completely abolished I

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.173582
Retrieved Text: It is common to hear people talking about the state of their health. Some say they are in good health, while others talk about their ill health or that of others. But what exactly is good heath and how do we know when we are experiencing it? This article takes a look at that aspect of our lives and explains it in simple terms.
When we are enjoying good health, we feel good, we look good with a good health image and everything about our lives seems to be going well with no major upsets. It means we have plenty of energy to do the things we want to do and we feel happy and contented with our ability to do those things.
There is no pain or feeling of stiffness in our body and we are able to exercise freely every day if we wish. Often, when we are in good health it is common to be more active and exercise forms part of the day's activities. When we are free of pain, we are able to do a lot more and we feel motivated to do a lot more than when we are experiencing pain. So maintaining a good level of health is important to our lives because it means the absence of pain totally or at least for the majority of the time.
So what can we do to promote good health? There are lots of things we can do and similarly lots of things we should avoid doing.
We should make sure we eat a healthy

================



======= Instance Index 10144 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 




Q: What are the poles labeled?

 Choices:

- southwest and south

- north and south

- west and south

- east and west

A:

Target Text: north and south

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.879534
Retrieved Text: For higher altitudes, the kind of three season tent that you might take out for a camping trip in the forest is definitely not ideal. That’s the kind of tent that may very well end up getting flattened when you take it up to higher altitudes where wind is a much bigger problem. So what you need is an altitude tent, or something that can stand up the more severe weather that you typically experience at higher altitudes. Mountaineering tents and 4 season tents are a good place to start.
What to look for in an altitude tent.
Poles – Poles are the bones of a tent, they’re what give a tent structure. The more poles a tent has, all other things being equal, the better it will be able to stand up to strong winds. Similarly, a tent with low, sloped profile will shed wind better than a bigger tent, and so will be better suited to life at high elevations.
Single Wall – Many altitude tents are actually a single wall design. Tents with a separate rain fly are good because you can take the rain fly off if the weather is good, but that’s almost never going to be the case at high altitudes. So as long as the tent has ample ventilation, a single wall design does a good job of keeping you dry, and also cuts down on the weight.
Some of the very best altitude tents for outdoor adventures.
Marmot Alpinist - The Alpinist is clearly a tent built for high altitude conditions. It's low

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.55246
Retrieved Text: Home Photographs - Western History The camp feast, Colo. Midland Ry.
The camp feast, Colo. Midland Ry.
Title The camp feast, Colo. Midland Ry.
Summary View of two outdoorsmen seated at table in camp near Norrie, Colorado reached via Colorado Midland Railway; two men seated on makeshift benches eating meal; plates, bowls, cups, jar of Kuner pickles, bread slices, bucket & utensils on table; one bench made from slats labeled "The Quartermaster Recruit Depot, Fort Logan, Colo", wooden crated labeled "Sweet Candy Co., manufacturing confectioners, Salt Lake City, Utah"; cookstove, coffeepots, cooking pots, fishing poles, wicker creel, fishing net, waders, rifles, two dead grouse or pheasant tied to support post; partial view of open a-frame canvas shelter covering eating area.
Subject Norrie (Colo.); Camping--Colorado--Norrie; Eating customs; Drinking customs--Colorado--Norrie; Fishing--Colorado--Norrie; Hunting--Colorado--Norrie; Colorado Midland Railway Company.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.40998
Retrieved Text: Embryos of simple chordates called ascidians have few cells, develop rapidly, and are transparent, enabling the in vivo fluorescent imaging of labeled cell lineages. Ascidians are also simple genetically, with limited redundancy and compact regulatory and this cellular and genetic simplicity is being exploited to link comprehensive gene networks to the cellular events underlying morphogenesis.
Quadruple knockdown of ADMP and BMP2.4.7 in Xenopus embryos eliminates self-regulation, causing ubiquitous neural induction throughout the ectoderm. By transplanting dorsal or ventral wild-type grafts into ADMP/BMP2/4/7-depleted hosts it is demonstrated that both poles serve as signaling centers that can induce histotypic differentiation over considerable distances.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.416082
Retrieved Text: 1 When Columbus first mentioned that the Earth was round, he had very few supporters. However, once he was lost and proved his hypothesis, a completely new area of science emerged. Cartography, or the science of designing maps, became extremely important to explorers and sailors who were seeking new lands to inhabit. It's still important today because maps are the reason we know more information about the changes to our planet's surface, and we are able to locate specific places on Earth.
2 Since Earth is a sphere, scientists use the Earth's axis of rotation to determine reference points for directions. The geographic north and south Poles are the points where the Earth's axis of rotation intersects the surface of our planet. As you know, the equator lies halfway between the poles. This parallel separates our planet into the Northern and Southern hemispheres. Parallels are the many circles that run east and west around the Earth (well at least on maps and globes). They are referred to as parallels because they are parallel to the equator. Parallels are labeled N for north of the equator and S for south of the equator. Cartographers measure the distance between these parallels in degrees of latitude.
3 Latitude is the distance north or south of the equator, which is 0 degrees latitude. Latitude is also referred to as an angular measurement. Since the distance from the equator to each of the poles is 1/4 of a circle (circle is 360 degrees), the latitude of each pole is 90 degrees. Another neat

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.996918
Retrieved Text: Hiking and trekking poles are designed to give you extra confidence and stability. Whether you are hiking difficult mountain trails or need stability on sidewalks and park paths, a set of poles can be very helpful.
Poles may help relieve stress on your joints, especially when going uphill or downhill. This is a benefit if you have osteoarthritis or are overweight. People who have Parkinson's disease or multiple sclerosis can also have better stability when walking with poles.
You will get the best benefits if you use your trekking poles correctly. Learn how to grip the poles, use the right arm and leg motion, and adjust them for going uphill and downhill. With poles, you'll feel more confident walking and hiking.
Straps and gloves: Trekking poles may or may not have a strap. If they do, it is simply to prevent them from slipping out of your hands. Nordic walking poles always have a strap or demi-glove that keeps the poles in your hands and allows you to release them from your grip on the backstroke and have them snap back into your hand. With trekking poles, you may want to wear bike gloves if you find the strap irritates your hand, as they are reinforced between the thumb and forefinger.
Grips: Trekking pole grips are usually larger and anatomically designed while Nordic walking pole grips are slimmer and minimal in design.
Adjustable length: Both trekking poles and Nordic walking poles may be adjustable in length. Both are usually made of aluminum, but some higher-end designs are made with carbon fiber

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.462341
Retrieved Text: Whether you are heading to the snowy hills for the day or going out west for a ski week, what you pack has a big impact on your ski trip. Forget your goggles, and you are spending the day blinking and crying as you cruise the slopes without eye protection – or you are shelling out serious dough for a replacement pair – no last minute deal for forgetful dummies.
Skiing with the family – you need to remember a mountain of gear. You need systems for your ski packing , so you don’t forget someone’s ski pants, ski pass or goggles, or spend the morning in the ski shop instead of on the fresh snow. And you need to know how to dress for skiing.
Ski Bag: Every skier in the family should have their own snowboard/ski boot bag, labeled with name, address and cell.
Snowboards and Skis with poles should be stored clean and dry in one place – the garage or basement and ready to be packed in the car or on the ski rack, ski coffin or Thule.
Check each ski bag before and after each ski trip to be sure everyone’s inner and outerwear is clean, dry, and ready to go. With young skiers, pack extras of everything from base layers to socks and mittens since they tend to get wet, often.
If your ski trip requires airline travel, see our tips on shipping skis, or renting from a ski rental service, versus paying the airlines for excess ski bags.
If you are bringing your own skis,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.248285
Retrieved Text: Trekking poles have been a popular hiking tool for a long time, and their popularity is only increasing as increasingly more people find themselves on the trail. The benefits of using trekking poles have been proven and trekking poles can ease the burden of a long hike, so it is important that you choose a pair of poles that is built in a way that caters to your needs.
When looking through the multitude of trekking pole options available on the market, you will notice that they come in different build varieties such as “fixed”, “folding”, and “telescoping”. These terms refer to whether or not the trekking poles can be broken down for smaller storage, if the height of the trekking poles can be adjusted, and if they can even be broken down in the first place. Let’s break down the three terms.
Primarily, “fixed” trekking poles offer a simple design in comparison to other options. They do not need to be assembled and you can simply grab the fixed-length poles before heading on the trail. These trekking poles also have fewer moving parts than telescoping poles or folding poles, so they are less likely to break and can offer more durability. Also, because fixed-length poles are typically less complex, they can be lighter than other varieties of poles. Finally, fixed trekking poles can often be less expensive in comparison to telescoping and folding trekking poles of similar build quality. The drawback of fixed poles is that they do not offer the height flexibility of other varieties and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.22341
Retrieved Text: Below are some of the frequently asked questions and answers in regards to McWane Poles. If you need more product information, or would like to speak to a specialist, please submit a request.
Isn’t ductile iron a brittle material?
No. Unlike cast iron, ductile iron is a pliable material. This is because of ductile iron’s carbon structure. Alloys are added during the melting process that transform the flaky carbon structure of cast iron into a spherical structure. This nodular carbon orientation gives it ductility and strength while maintaining the corrosion resistance of cast iron.
When you say ductile iron poles are “Green”, what does that really mean?
McWane Poles are made of 96% recycled cars, appliances, and other metals. And at the end of a McWane pole’s service life, we can actually melt that pole down and produce another pole from the same material. McWane Poles are 100% recyclable.
Do you need special equipment for installation?
No. Ductile iron poles weigh approximately 45 percent less than wood and 25 percent more than steel. Our heaviest pole weighs approximately 3,200 pounds. As a result, your existing equipment is ideal for installations.
Can you provide the poles in sections to allow field assembly?
Yes. In most cases, we are shipping fully assembled poles. We press fit the joints in a 50-ton press and pin them. We do offer sizes 55’ and greater in two pieces as an option.
What is the end of life salvage value anticipated to be?
Salvage value will be determined by future market scrap values.
Do you have RUS approval?
RUS does not approve any utility

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.106182
Retrieved Text: The Wilderness Shop stocks Melbourne's best range of lightweight hiking poles from Exped, Leki and Masters. Bushwalking poles have become an essential piece of kit for walkers, because poles greatly improve balance and reduce strain on knee and back joints. All of our walking poles are made from the highest-grade materials and are available in a range of lengths and weights.
You’d be mad not to use hiking poles. Walking poles help uphill and downhill, take some pressure off your knees and are almost essential with the river crossings. You might ask: “One or two?” Two. You get much better balance and drive that way.
So, what are the pros and cons of trekking poles? By using trekking poles you reduce the load on your feet, legs and back by 15 to 20 per cent. The effect is most noticeable going downhill, but when using poles going uphill you get a lot more drive and propulsion. On flat ground, trekking poles really help you to increase your stride length, which also increases walking speed.
There are few, if any, cons when using trekking poles. Occasionally, if the scrub is too thick, swinging poles will catch, and at these times it’s probably more convenient to strap them to your pack until the track is more clear. Other times, it’s convenient to have free hands, such as if you are scrambling through boulders and want your hands to take some weight.
When you're choosing a pair of trekking poles, the first thing you need to consider is what length you'll need. Hiking

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.951299
Retrieved Text: Hotel | Eco-friendly Hotel Scandic Rubinen is located on the Avenue in central Gothenburg, close to the sculpture of Poseidon Götaplatsen and Kungsportsplatsen. The location makes the hotel a great base for those who want easy access to culture, shopping and citylife.
The Scandic Rubinen is a natural meeting place in Gothenburg. This is where both guests and locals come together. The hotel is within walking distance to many of Gothenburg's most popular attractions, like Liseberg, Universeum science center and Röhss Museum. The hotel has toys, games, movies, books and such for children to occupy themselves with.
Scandic Rubinen has rooms of varying sizes, furnishings and equipment. All have hardwood floors, private bathroom with bathtub or shower, hair dryer, iron and ironing board, desk, TV with sports and movie channels and free WiFi. The rooms are non-smoking.
The hotel's new restaurant, Ruby has an à la carte menu with Italian influences, but also serves a KRAV-labeled breakfast. The children's menu is created by Jamie Oliver. The rooftop bar at the hotel is a popular meeting point in town. The lobby features a Scandic Shop that has drinks, snacks and other things, open around the clock.
Relax area with gym. Bikes and walking poles to lend.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.912379
Retrieved Text: Our wooden curtain pole collections are not only chosen for their quality but also style, range of colours and diameters.
The ranges offer wooden curtain poles for contemporary styles but also, country cottage, simple neutrals and even french style ornate statement pieces.
We have a massive range of wooden curtain poles in lots of stained finishes like dark wood, oak and mahogany and painted finishes like grey, cream and white.
Our fabulous collection of wooden curtain poles offers curtain rods in a wide range of painted and stained finishes with a variety of finial options with metal and wooden curtain pole brackets and curtain rings.
Check out our buyers guide to help you make the best choice for your room.
Wooden curtain poles come in many diameters and as a guide we suggest a 28mm or 30mm wooden curtain pole for light and medium weight curtains. For medium to heavy curtains we would recommend a 35mm to 45mm wooden curtain rod. If you have heavy to very heavy weight curtains a 50mm to 63mm wooden pole should be used.
Most of our wooden curtain pole sets are supplied with finials, wooden poles, durable curtain pole brackets and curtain rings.
We have a huge range of colours to choose from. We offer painted curtain poles in popular muted tones such as grey wooden curtain poles and simple white wooden curtain poles but also traditional colours like antique gold.
We also offer stained, light, mid and dark wood curtain poles for a more traditional look. Our stained colours bring out the natural texture of the hard

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.898037
Retrieved Text: Trekking poles are primarily categorized into five types: standard poles, anti-shock poles, hiking staffs, ultra-light trekking poles and compact or women's poles. Let's find out the difference today so you can discover what fits your needs best.
For simple hikes / beginners, standard trekking poles might be a good choice not only because the great majority of them are lightweight as a result from being made from aluminum but also because they are relatively inexpensive. They don't have other special features like anti-shock ones absorbing shock as they are planted especially when going downhill, but they do provide you balance and support at a similar level.
These poles should be adjustable though so you can customize them for your height and the trail you are on. You will also want to adjust their length depending on whether you are going uphill or downhill as well. A telescopic adjustor is the best since you can fine-tune the exact length you desire, but make sure the locking mechanism is sturdy, otherwise the poles will collapse after putting too much pressure. Black Diamond trekking poles all use the FlickLock mechanism which is more secure than the normal twist locks.
Anti-shock poles, as the name implies, have a mechanism to absorb shock when they are planted. The absorption helps to decrease the shock into your body which makes them to be an ideal choice for those people who have had hip surgury, damaged knees, or weak ankles. The anti-shock feature should be turned off when not necessary, such as going uphill, since it

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.870137
Retrieved Text: Trekking Poles – Do I need to use them?
Do I need to use trekking poles?
This is a question we at Walk Fife are often asked by fellow walkers.
Whether to use trekking poles or not is a topic that divides opinion among hill and trail walkers alike. Some people find them to be a hinderance rather than an aide and others swear by their trusty poles and won’t hit the trails without them.
So what are the benefits of using trekking poles?
Trekking poles can provide the walker with greater stability while walking over rough terrain or through challenging weather conditions such as snow and ice or crossing a stream.
When adjusted and used correctly, trekking poles allow for a greater distribution of weight across your arms and legs and can help to lessen pressure on your spine, hips, knees and ankles helping you to avoid any aches and pains from developing on the trail.
Many walkers report that when they use trekking poles they find that their endurance increases and their posture and gait improves as well.
Some more experienced pole users have also found that they breathe more efficiently especially when on very steep trails and many have noted that through using poles, their upper body strength has increased and their range of movement has improved significantly.
Should I use one or two trekking poles?
If you are simply looking for some added stability when walking then one pole would be sufficient but you have to be careful not to twist your body especially when descending steep and uneven terrain as this

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.781374
Retrieved Text: Pole barns are generally used to store haystacks or as a shelter for livestock. They are cost effective, relatively easier to build compared to other types of barns and sturdy. These barns are usually made of treated lumber or metal sheets. You do not need any specific knowledge in building in order to know how to build a pole barn. Basically a pole barn is made out of a few supporting poles and a covered roof top – that is why even novice builders are able to build pole barns.
Inspect your land and see if it is dry and compact enough to withstand the weight of your barn. You will want to build on dry land because it offers better stability. Conceptualize your plan by self questioning – what are the materials that you are going to use? What is the regulated distance between poles? How big do you want your pole barn to be? Draw an outline of your envisioned plan and calculate the materials needed. It requires treated lumbers, poles, roofing material and plywood sheets.
First, place the wooden poles on the exact location where you are going to place them, about 5 – 10 feet apart from each other. If you are using metal poles, you will need to place the poles closer together. Excavate 3 feet deep holes to place the poles. The poles should be secured deep inside the soil so that it is stable enough to provide support. Place the poles in their designated holes and pour in concrete. Allow at

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.750696
Retrieved Text: Beginning as early as Monday, Jan. 22, Seattle City Light will begin replacing 33 utility poles and adding 7 new poles in the Mount Baker neighborhood to support Sound Transit's East Link light rail extension. New poles will be placed alongside existing poles and will meet standard heights and widths required for overhead power line construction. The new poles are approximately 5 feet taller, will be slightly larger in diameter and will have slightly larger wire than existing poles. Please see below for more information about what you can expect.
Crews will begin replacing poles and transfer wires as early as Jan. 22. This is anticipated to take approximately four months to complete.
Poles will be delivered and may be staged on sidewalks in the project area.
Work will occur during daytime hours within the public right-of-way along sidewalks and streets.
Local traffic detours may be necessary – please follow direction of flaggers to safely access your destination.
Maintenance power outages are required to do the work safely. Crews will provide 24-48 hours advance notification that specifies the date, time and duration of the outage.
Once new poles and equipment are installed, existing poles may remain and will be removed at a later date.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.705778
Retrieved Text: Selected images are available for sale as high quality archival prints in various sizes from 11×14 up to 17×25 carefully rolled into an appropriately sized mailing tube. Wider panoramics up to about 5 – 7 feet also available!
I print all of my work personally on a large format Canon printer, using very high quality archival inks and papers, labeled and signed. In many cases I will print your order on request, so please allow up to 5 days of processing time to enable me to print and properly dry your image! Shipping time will of course vary on your location.
A few one of a kind framed “originals” are available from time to time. These tend to be in the larger sizes, some up to 6 feet wide! These framed works are local pickup only in the South Florida area due to shipping size restrictions and costs, and may add a nominal transportation charge.
Additionally, all images are also available to license for your print and editorial needs!
Thank you and many Blessings friends!
I am looking to purchase a digital copy of your photo of Little Rabbit Key. I have candidacy paperwork that I am turning in and I talk about my many trips out to Little Rabbit Key to get back in touch with the Creator. Is it possible to purchase a digital print?
Your sites are more interesting and informative than many I am investigating. I am an aerial photographer interested in learning as much as I can about pole photography and It is difficult. You have shared

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.692949
Retrieved Text: Utility poles are everywhere. People see them every day and do not pay much attention to them unless one falls down in the middle of the street. However, they serve a very important purpose. Therefore, you must be very selective when you are buying them in order to ensure that your utility poles will last for many decades. Some people think that all utility poles are basically the same. However, that is not true. You need to learn about the various details that make a utility pole strong and durable. This will be a huge benefit to you when you eventually start spending money. Here are several tips that will help you to shop for utility poles in a smart fashion.
1. What type of wood has been used to make the utility poles?
Some woods are much better for making utility poles than others. You will need to do some research and find out the most durable types of wood. This will make it less likely that the utility poles will break after a storm with heavy winds. Therefore, you will not need to replace the utility poles very often. You will be getting more bang for your buck.
2. Talk to many companies that sell utility poles to try to find the best deal.
You should always do your best to save money whenever possible when you are going to be buying a significant amount of utility poles. Therefore, you should never be in a hurry to make your purchase. Making a quick purchase could cause you to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.65734
Retrieved Text: Last weeks went by under the banner of protests against ACTA, and at work we decided to ask Poles what do they think about it.
For young Poles the protest against ACTA means first of all a struggle for freedom of the Internet. As much as 43% of questioned young Poles in the range up to 30 years of age told us that the disapproval of ACTA stands for the fight for free Internet. The second most important reason named by the inquired is the vague way in which the government led consultations – 30% of young Poles are of this opinion. Our research does not confirm the thesis that the ACTA protest is a revolt of pirates displeased with the fact that the state will curtail their ability of downloading files from the web – this was claimed by only 12% of those surveyed.
Results of the survey confirm the generational attitude towards the protest. People over thirty are much less inclined to believe that the protest against ACTA is concerned with the freedom of the Internet – only 28% of the polled gave that answer – as much as 15% less than young Poles. Older groups of the surveyed admit much more frequently that they do not know what the ACTA case is all about – 1/3 of Poles over thirty stated that compared with 14% of the under thirty group.
The ACTA protest triggers young Poles’ civic activity, which seems vital, considering the hitherto weak social or political commitment of the rising generation. For the majority

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.652832
Retrieved Text: Not everyone enjoys the look of concrete and steel lighting poles as much at the aesthetically pleasing view provided with the classic look of wood. Our glulam lighting poles can be supplied ready to install with pre-installed conductors and pole caps saving you time and money on the job site. Parking lots, roadways, pedestrian and bike trails, security lighting, ball parks, and more are all great applications for our light standards.
If glulam light poles are not what you’re looking for, please consider our round wood poles as well. In addition to the light poles required for your trail projects, we can also manufacture any required trail bridges and include everything in a packaged bid.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.6399145
Retrieved Text: PUEBLO COUNTY – Power poles that caused quite the ruckus are now coming down.
Black Hills Energy put up more poles than the Colorado Department of Transportation allowed them to. The company was only approved to put up two poles, but more than 30 went up.
“We see Black Hills operating in this kind of a style where they do what is best for Black Hills and sometimes they don’t take into consideration the constituents they serve,” said Sen. Leroy Garcia, (D)- Pueblo.
People who live near Beulah say the poles are blocking their view along Highway 78.
Black Hills tells News 5 that there was a miscommunication that led to the extra poles being put up.
“An inspector came out, we ceased work immediately,” said Julie Rodriguez, Black Hills Energy.
CDOT says a permit has to be approved before the poles can come down.
“Now we are in the process of reapplying for the permit and poles will be repositioned to the south side of the highway,” Rodriguez said.
Black Hills says that it is a third party vendor that negotiates permits with CDOT and they are reviewing its process moving forward.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.617011
Retrieved Text: As I age and continue to climb and run up mountains, my trekking poles have become more and more important to my safety and capabilities.
My kids call them my “Geezer Poles” – old man tools used for offsetting the onset of age! BUT, what many don’t realise is that these very same poles are both protection and provision. Since using my poles, I have yet to fall right down onto the ground. I may in fact stumble, but then the poles stop me well before landing on a wrist or a knee. And here’s something most people don’t understand about trekking poles. They make you a 4X4 machine when climbing and descending. My knees and hips share the weight with my shoulders and elbows. My quads and calves share the exertion with my lats and my biceps. Load bearing and energy boosting are increased exponentially by using the poles.
So, what’s the metaphor? What’s the analogy here? God protects and provides in so many different ways, we can hardly keep track. Sadly, often, we hardly even notice!
This past week, my “Life” Trekking Poles were – TEAM. God who is immutably TEAM (it is intrinsic to His very nature and character), then we, who are made in the image of God are also most complete when we serve on a TEAM. This past week I saw the YFC team in Kenya up close. And at their 40th Anniversary Breakfast Celebration I saw the team that supports, intercedes and loves that team! I was in Kenya with Megan, Thomas

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.60041
Retrieved Text: It is very important for utility poles to be strong, safe and last for a long time. Are you in the market for some new utility poles? If this is the case, you need to make sure that the poles you buy are the finest that are currently available on the market. Buying cheap poles could create a major safety hazard. You need to understand that not all utility poles are made the same. In fact, their quality can be quite different. Here are some of the best tips that will enable you to acquire utility poles that will last for many years to come.
1. Talk to other companies that need to buy utility poles on a regular basis.
You should start off by getting in touch with people who work for companies that are very experienced when it comes to buying utility poles. Find out where these companies buy their poles. Why do they choose that particular dealer? How are their poles made that make them last so long? How much do they pay for them? Find out as much info as you can. You can then use this info to your advantage when you begin shopping for a pressure treated utility pole.
2. Find out if the Better Business Bureau can recommend a utility pole manufacturer in your area.
You should find out what the BBB has to say about all of the companies that make utility poles in your area. They will have reviews of each company that you can use to help make your decision

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.582557
Retrieved Text: There are still a few laggards out there who are still not sold on the benefits of trekking poles for hunting. But the majority of backpack hunters know that the benefits of trekking poles outweigh the perceived downsides. The difficulty for those that use trekking poles is figuring out which of the many brands and models of trekking poles are best suited to meet the needs of the backcountry hunter. And of course, how much money to spend to get the right pair of trekking poles.
Trekking poles are an important piece of my backcountry kit. I use them to pitch my tent, glass off of occasionally, and most importantly help me get up and down the mountains. In this article, I cover different types of trekking poles, what sets quality poles apart from mediocre trekking poles, and some of the features that can help you pick out the best trekking poles for backcountry hunting.
*Note: I intentionally stay away from listing off brands and models (except for my current favorites near the end), and instead focus on the qualities that make for a good trekking pole. If you have a favorite model, be sure to leave a comment at the end and let me know what you like about it.
Collapsible fixed length trekking poles were originally designed for light hikers and ultra runners that wanted a super light trekking pole. These poles are often a fixed length pole that folds up into several pieces, held together by a rubber composite material that runs inside the pole. These

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.578997
Retrieved Text: I’m oddly attracted to The Titan Games. I think we can all agree that this is the newest incarnation of the popular ’90s show American Gladiators. It’s not the theatrics that I enjoy, it’s the crazy competitions. As you can imagine, there’s a bunch of cool physics to talk about for some of these events. Actually, if you use a little bit of physics you might be able to get an advantage over your opponent.
In this case, the event is the Herculean Pull. The main idea is to pull some horizontal poles out of a giant wedge. The two contestants are trying to pull the poles out from different sides. There’s a chance you could reach a pole before the other person and win the easy way. But if you’re both pulling on the same pole, you need to use some physics. Here, check out this clip from the show.
The physics trick is to not just pull out on the pole—but also UP! Yes, pull out and up. This is especially true if you are on the losing end as you can see in the example above. She makes the mistake of pulling out and down (because that seems more natural), but it leads to her loss.
Why do you want to pull UP? Let me draw a simple force diagram showing the pole along with the forces acting on this pole.
There’s a lot going on in that diagram. Let me break it down for you (that’s what I do). The most obvious forces are the two

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.571595
Retrieved Text: If you're looking to buy Curtain Poles Online then look no further than Prestigious Poles. With a fantastic range of both metal and wooden curtain poles you are bound to find exactly what you need. A highly secure online shopping experience with free delivery on offer for orders over £50 - what else do you need?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.519771
Retrieved Text: This mandatory piece of equipment has become one of those things you have to get in place beforehand. You don’t want to extend things to a point where you are not sure about how you are going to get from one place to another. You want to be sure you can hike with ease and not have to think about what you are doing.
There are so many people who are careless about this, and that is what hurts them.
You want to spend on this as much as you can because it will make a real difference in the long-term.
Let’s take a look at what the reviews have to say about the trekking pole.
Some poles can be heavy, and you don’t want those in your hands as you are going up a steep mountain. You want something that will be lightweight and comfortable on the hands. This is the bare minimum that you are going to desire.
If that is what you are hoping for, you will know it is time to get the best trekking poles.
They will be lightweight and not take long to maximize.
You will be able to get to where you want to be and not have to mull over it for long periods.
There is nothing worse than your poles breaking. This would be a disaster because you wouldn’t know what to do and it would hurt a lot. You would know it is time to take action as there are so many people who don’t focus on this at all.
You want to be smart

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.492827
Retrieved Text: West Highland Way. And poles.
But when I was planning my West Highland Way hike and looked into the benefits of poles versus no poles, I realised I would be doing myself a disservice if I didn’t have them. I guess a long-distance hike taking me nearly 100 miles through the Scottish landscape wasn’t really an average walk. All my research suggested that my knees and hips would thank me if I gave into the benefits of poles, especially considering I was carrying a (probably too heavy) pack. The experts say that poles help your posture when you walk, which in turn helps prevent aches and pains, and helps you keep your footing when on uneven or steep ground. I’m also told that poles can mean you walk quicker, which means you can do more miles in a day (or get to your designated camp earlier); you can maintain pace because you are not worrying about what’s going on under your feet as much.
As you’ll know from my post about what I took on the hike, I did a lot of research on every bit of kit I bought for the West Highland Way. I actually spend a load of time reading articles and watching videos before I buy anything – I don’t have the money to waste on “hopefully it’ll be okay”, and so always have to make sure I’m getting the right ratio of specification versus value.
Muddy boots, wet trousers, and walking poles on the Harvest Hobble.
I don’t think I would have considered the OEX

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.485753
Retrieved Text: How to determine the pole number of an induction motor?
1. Does the induction motor supplied by the main grid (say, 50 Hz) increases its torque capability in "p" times with growing pole number "p" since its speed decreases in "p" time (like in a gearbox)?
2. Let's we have an induction motor with p=2 and feed it from 50 Hz grid. Then we re-connect the winding coils to arrange p=4 and feed if grow 100 Hz grid. Are performances of these two motors different or the same? Please note excluding frequency and inter-coil connections all remained the same.
It depends on the required speed. n (rpm) = (60 x f) / N where:- f = frequency and N = number of pole pairs. The 60 is there to convert from revolutions per second to revolutions per minute as the frequency is in cycles per second. Pole pairs is there because that any pole must be constructed in a pairs top and bottom / left right, so with one cycle it will move half the distance.
If you are using 50Hz and have a two pole motor 60 x 50 / 1 = 3000 rpm. The induction motor will run at a slight less speed due to "slip" which is what gives the motor its torque. For example 5.5kW, 400v, 2 pole motor will run at approximately 2880 rpm.
For a four pole machine, 60 x 50 / 2 = 1500 rpm so the same size motor at 5.5kW, 400v but 4 poles will have a nominal speed of 1500rpm but

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.443753
Retrieved Text: Today is September, 2011. One of the few constitutional functions of the United States Government is to protect the country’s borders. Mexicans are flying the American flag upside down and below the Mexican flag on school flag poles in California. Mexicans and OTMs are wading onto the United States from Mexico between checkpoints, many carrying drugs and guns. Border Patrol agents, farmers and even vacationers are being killed by these lawbreakers along our Southern border and in our Southern cities. Our Attorney General Eric Holder tells our ATF agents to stand down when asked for permission to intercept shipments of weapons illegally being taken across the border into Mexico. The Tea Party stands in opposition to the illegal immigrants running around freely in the US. The Tea Party is labeled “racist” for its opposition to illegal immigration.
The terms “racist” and “racism” have been used successfully to silence opposition to activities by the progressive movement and is intended to upend American social and religious morals. The terms racist and racism were reintroduced by the progressives by resurrecting the concept of slavery which had been legislated out of existence in the United States over a hundred years ago, and they built on that. The movement has been successful, so far, because our civil skin, the genteel American, had been taking the abrasions without a whimper. The sub-dermal layer, the moderate and progressive politicians, has no backbone and in many cases has sided with the illegal immigrants against the constitution of the United States ignoring their oath of office

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.393251
Retrieved Text: As I have gotten older I have found that I am increasingly needing assistance when walking uphill and downhill. My knee joints are not what they used to be as a result of years of abuse as a caver, climber, runner and walker. The cartilages are pretty much ‘shot’ and my sense of stability seems less than it used to be.
Well the answer is fairly simple, and involves the best piece of kit I carry with me – my trekking poles.
I am not going to talk about which ones to get as there are so many out there. Only you will know what price range, size, weight etc that you will require, and if not, then you local outlet will be able to advise. I want to talk about how to use them efficiently and effectively to make your life easier and walking more pleasurable. Again, what I tell you here will not be everything. You will adapt the way you use the trekking poles to suit your individual requirements.
There are two ways to hold the pole – the obvious way and the correct way! At the top of each pole is a strap which is important in making sure your weight is transferred correctly to the poles. Use the strap incorrectly and you will have to grip too tightly creating stress and strain in the forearms and increasing fatigue. Use the diagram below to follow the correct way to use the strap. Using the strap in this manner will allow you to put a lot

================



======= Instance Index 9273 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 

(A) Natalie Lucier; (B) Gareth Haywood; (C) Lynn Greyling. Ice, liquid, and water vapor are the three phases of water . (A) CC BY 2.0; (B) CC BY 2.0; (C) Public Domain.


Q: What are the three stages of water?

 Choices:

- ice, rock, sky

- ice, liquid, vapor

- vapor, earth, internal

- liquid, underground, frozen

A:

Target Text: ice, liquid, vapor

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.902618
Retrieved Text: Spiromesifen works by disrupting lipid biosynthesis in treated insects. Because lipid molecules help regulate water content in insects, Forbid prevents proper water balance, which results in desiccation. The treated mite or whitefly dries up and dies within two to three days of treatment.
Forbid has excellent translaminar activity, quickly penetrating the treated upper leaf surface and moving through the leaf to the untreated side to control mites feeding anywhere on the leaf. Forbid also moves into the phloem of treated leaves to control whiteflies as they feed.
Most acaricides fall into three categories: neurotoxins and respiratory poisons, which are active against adults and mobile immatures; and growth regulators, which are active against eggs and immatures. Forbid extends effective control and offers more flexibility by being highly active against all mobile and immobile stages of mites (e.g., eggs, nymphs, immobile nymphs and adults), and active against all mobile and immobile stages of whiteflies.ich are active against adults and mobile immatures; and growth regulators, which are active against eggs and immatures. Forbid extends effective control and offers more flexibility by being highly active against all mobile and immobile stages of mites (e.g., eggs, nymphs, immobile nymphs and adults), and active against all mobile and immobile stages of whiteflies.
Q: What are the advantages of using a product that controls mites and whiteflies throughout their life cycles?
A: By offering control throughout all mobile and immobile stages, Forbid provides an extended window of application. Since most miticides only target one or two life stages, application must be timed precisely in order to achieve

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.835674
Retrieved Text: This is a short one. At least compared to the usual walls of text I post.
Due to the nature of my water heater (a continuous-flow-type), it’s power consumption is highly dependent on the water pressure and flow-speed. The more and faster the water flows, the more power it consumes. Apparently this happens in three stages. The first two turn on immediately as you turn on warm water. But the third will only com on if needed, i.e. if the water consumption continues to increase. Also these three stages are connected to three different mains lines, which means, they get counted separately.
Saving energy, resources and money is fine, but sacrificing creature comforts for it? No way!
When I take a shower I want it hot. And I don’t want it trickling down on me, either.
That’s not a problem with my new water (and thus electricity) saving shower head. What is a problem, though, is that the water flow has to be adjusted just right to keep the third (and greediest) stage of the water heater from turning on.
The yellow, green and white LEDs blink if there’s a pulse received for one of the three mains lines, and the red one will blink if a packed got lost. Right now it’s powered with a single AA battery, but that lasts only a couple of days, so I’ll have to add a little power supply, probably from an old phone, since I have plenty of those.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.740889
Retrieved Text: The Swim Basics program includes three stages for school-age kids: Water Acclimation, Water Movement and Water Stamina.
The Swim Strokes program includes three stages for school-age kids: Stroke Introduction, Stroke Development and Stroke Mechanics.
In this program, school-age kids learn personal water safety and achieve basic swimming competency by learning two benchmark skills swim, float, swim and jump, push, turn, grab.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.546253
Retrieved Text: Shushi is situated in the center of Nagorno Karabakh and is at a distance of 12 kilometers from the capital Stepanakert. The total population of Shushi is around 3000.
The water supply system of the town was built in 1980s and utilized a pipeline built in mid 19 century (Tadevos pipeline) to bring water to town. The internal distribution network received water from three daily regulation reservoirs to ensure stable supply of potable water. During the Artsakh Liberation War, the internal network was severely damaged, sometimes cutting off entire districts from access to clean drinking water. During the last decade, the Government of Artsakh as well as a number of humanitarian organizations have partially tackled the water issue of the historic town. Most notably, the Tadevos pipeline has been rehabilitated, which included the replacement of almost the entire pipeline. The situation with the daily regulation reservoirs and the overall internal distribution network remained lackluster. Currently, the people of Shushi receive water two or three times a week for about two hours. The local authorities were perpetually struggling to keep the dilapidated network from complete breakdown.
Within the Hayastan Fund’s Shushi development initiative, the town water issue is being comprehensively addressed. This includes rehabilitation of water purification station, the daily regulation reservoirs as well as the construction of a new reservoir. An embracive internal distribution network has been constructed and effectively covered all the districts of Shushi and ensured a round the clock access to clean drinking water to its residents.
The project was implemented in several stages. The first

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.417305
Retrieved Text: Sulzer Pump, Sulzer Pump Suppliers and Manufacturers at Alibaba .
Sulzer Pump, Wholesale Various High Quality Sulzer Pump Products from Global . high chrome alloy single stage coal sulzer pump parts ... High quality double face TZJ mechanical seal of slurry pump used in mineral processing industry.
Various. Voltage: 220/380/440v. Power(W):. 18.5 125kw. Dimension(L*W*H): . We Henan Hongji Mining Machinery Co., Ltd. is a manufacturer and exporter of mining machinery in China. . From the whole seeing, including four stages equipment, material crushing, clinker . The whole process of active lime production line.
Mining Ore Mini Gold Wash Plant,Mini Gold Wash Plant Sold To All Over The World , Find Complete Details about Mining Ore . one stage ball mill MQGg2130 . The mineral processing test made an analysis to the gold content which is 4.31g/t, thus Xinhai technicians . 1 request, multiple quotations Get Quotations Now >>.
making, ozone generation, aquaculture, aerospace, medical industry, mining, oxygen enriching, . process can produce a range of gas with purities more than 90% oxygen. .. temperatures, but several stages of expansion are necessary.
Xinke Offshore Welding Working Fire Retardant Cvc Coverall With .
Application: petrochemical industry, natural gas, electric power, mining, welding, . Xinke Protective follows strict manufacturing process at all stages, and is certified . With many years of extensive experience and dedicated textile technicians,.
Preheater Cyclone In Cement Plant, Wholesale Various High Quality . Five stage Cyclone Preheater in cement plant . Henan Zhengzhou Mining Machinery Co., Ltd. . Wet And Dry Process Cement Rotary Kiln for Cement Mill Plant.
Source from Shandong Xinhai

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.992983
Retrieved Text: What are the differences between the various goat milk formulas?
The three different stages are based on age and are scientifically designed to ensure that you are giving your little one the right level of nutrition needed for their age. Given that infants (ages 0-3 months) are solely breastfed, they require different nutrients than a bub who is older and able to consume solid foods and drink water. The formulation for each stage is regulated and designed to ensure that all babies are getting the right nutrients needed for their ages to establish a healthy growth and brain development.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.969488
Retrieved Text: After beginning its World Rally Team project three-and-a-half years ago, Toyota Gazoo Racing is delighted to have claimed the outright win of Rally Australia, the final round of the 2018 FIA World Rally Championship, as well as the prestigious manufacturers’ title.
This achievement marks the fourth occasion that Toyota has won the WRC manufacturers’ title and its first such win since 1999.
The season-ending event concluded in style with victory for Jari-Matti Latvala and co-driver Miikka Anttila. Esapekka Lappi finished in fourth, while Ott Tänak was bitterly disappointed to crash out on the final day.
The following is a brief summary of the events on each day.
Review: The shakedown took place on a 5.0km course north of the rally base in Coffs Harbour, including sections that formed part of Sunday’s final stage. This gave the team a good opportunity to work on car set-up, particularly as it was not possible to test in Australia before the event.
All three drivers completed four runs and showed good pace. Tänak finished second-fastest, with Latvala seventh and Lappi eighth. Only 1.2 seconds covered the top eight drivers.
Tom Fowler (chief engineer): “We did some systems checks, which are particularly important on long-haul events like this as we have to somewhat disassemble the cars to get them to Australia.
Review: The Toyota trio was among the first over Australia’s dusty gravel stages and locked-out the first three positions and set a fastest time from the first four stages. Latvala’s consistently strong pace ensured he ended the day just 8.7 seconds from the lead and in a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.915462
Retrieved Text: Three extraction stages resulted in gt;99pct extraction of nickel, substantial copper extraction, and essentially no cobalt extraction from leach liquors. A crowd stage reduced the ammonia loading on the solvent by maximizing nickel loading. Residual ammonia was removed from the loaded solvent with a pHcontrolled scrub.
Copper in the strip solution was enriched by more than seven times. The extraction of nickel with the same concentration of LIX 84 I at an equilibrium pH of 7.50 at AO phase ratio of 11.1 in two stages gave nickel extraction efficiency of 99.4%.
This stage is the final purification of copper; in this stage any copper sulphate is finally separated and the copper is removed. The copper solution is mixed with sulphuric acid. The cathodes are made from pure copper, and the anodes are made from impure copper.
Zinc processing, the extraction of zinc from its ores and the preparation of zinc metal or chemical compounds for use in various products. Zinc (Zn) is a metallic element of hexagonal closepacked (hcp) crystal structure and a density of 7.13 grams per cubic centimetre.
Figure 6 Purification of copper by electrolysis. The ions migrate to the cathode, are reduced to pure copper and deposited on the cathode. From time to time, the pure copper is scraped off the cathode.
Purification of copper When copper is made from sulphide ores by the first method above, it is impure. The blister copper is first treated to remove any remaining sulphur (trapped as bubbles of sulphur dioxide in the copper hence quot;blister copperquot;) and then cast into anodes

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.861786
Retrieved Text: Spectrum Tracer Services is now NCS Multistage Tracer Diagnostics. Only the name has changed.
We are a full-service tracer diagnostics provider and have traced more than 6,000 wells in the U.S. and Canada since we began as Spectrum Tracer Services in 2010. In 2017, we became part of NCS Multistage.
Combine oil and formation-water tracers to locate the source of interwell communication and to determine whether frac hits are propped communication, hydraulic communication, or only pressure. Radioisotope tracers are also useful for detecting communication.
Use oil, formation-water, and natural-gas tracers to verify which stages are contributing to production.
Radioactive tracers placed with the proppant are logged with gamma tools to show exactly which clusters accepted Proppant.
Stage-specific tracers reveal which stages are below and which are above a wellbore blockage.
Use water or gas tracers to define field connectivity by mapping the movement of injected water or gas to production wells.
Patented slow-release OST® oil-soluble tracers are deployed as particulates that embed in propped fractures, enabling longer term oil production evaluation compared to conventional liquid tracers.
Patented slow-release WST® particulate water-soluble tracers embed in propped fractures for extended produced-water diagnostics.
Natural-gas tracers are deployed with proppant deep into the formation, where they partition into the gas phase. The inert chemicals are not naturally occurring and can be detected at extremely low concentration levels.
Liquid FFI® frac-fluid identifiers facilitate identification of stage-specific frac-fluid returns as well as detection of frac fluid entering offset wellbores during infill completions.
We employ the three standard radioisotope (RA) tracers: Iridium, Scandium, and Antimony. The solid tracer particulates are deployed with the proppant.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.860857
Retrieved Text: Home → News → Rink Building 101 - Fill in stages, or one-shot deal?
We frequently get asked about the best strategy for the initial rink build - add water in stages, or fill to the level you need all at once? There are a few things to consider.
Is the ground frozen? We always advise to wait until the ground is frozen to begin your rink. If the ground is not frozen yet, a layer of water can act as an insulator and actually result in a delay of the freezing of the ground and the freezing of the rink.
What is the current temperature and the forecast? You want a continuous stretch of at least -5C before beginning making your rink. Watch for a deep freeze - this is the best opportunity to rink build. In -20C weather, you can build a good base of ice in a single day. Don't leave the hose on a trickle in these type of temperatures though!
What is your water source? If your water is drawn from a well, you might not have an option to fill all at once, so filling in stages is the way to go. If your best friend has a business delivering water, then you might want to consider the one-shot deal.
Have a brand new rink liner? Filling all at once only to lose all the water to liner punctures is no fun at all. And it results in "shell ice", a frozen layer of ice with air pockets underneath. Not an insurmountable problem, but a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.545668
Retrieved Text: Evaluate and implement retrofits and commissioning measures that increase the efficiency of your chilled water system.
Receive incentives for various stages of commissioning a chilled water system, including scoping analysis and commissioning reports.
Owners and tenants of commercial, institutional and multi-residential buildings with a chilled water system are eligible. The system must be more than three years old, and you must not have received previous Save on Energy funding for it.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.451023
Retrieved Text: STAGES ONE, TWO, THREE AND FOUR. Titles have issued for these stages and landscaping of the streetscapes has been completed. Installation of the Meridian entry feature and landscaping will be undertaken in September 2017. STAGE 5 Bulk earthworks, road boxing, sewer and water works are complete. Kerb, electricity and communication installation is currently underway with footpath construction to commence towards the end of September. Asphalt is scheduled to occur in early October. Construction is on track for lodgement at the Titles Office in November 2017. STAGE 6 Construction is complete and we are seeking compliances from the authorities. We are on for lodgement at the Titles Office in September 2017. STAGE 7 Bulk earthworks and road boxing are nearing completion and sewer construction is complete. Water works are due to commence in September. Construction is on track for lodgement at the Titles Office in the 1st Quarter of 2018.
BE THE FIRST TO FIND OUT ABOUT MERIDIANS FUTURE RElEASES AND VIP OFFERS.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.359
Retrieved Text: Nitric Acid Passivation System for precision aerospace components. The system consists of five stages comprising five Ramco MK Immersion Washers. The line runs from right to left. Ventilation ductwork is provided for all wet stages. Roller conveyor sections are on each platform and in between stages as required to provide smooth lateral transfer of baskets from stage to stage. The materials of construction include 304 stainless steel, 316L stainless steel, Alloy 20Cb-3 heating elements and Nema 4 X control panels (see below).
Rinse: The basket is laterally transferred over special platform roller conveyor sections onto Stage Two. Using hot water at 150 degrees F the parts are rinsed using vertical agitation.
Passivation Using Nitric Acid: The basket is laterally transferred over special platform roller conveyor sections onto Stage Three. Using a 25% solution of nitric acid at 135 degrees F the parts are passivated using vertical agitation.
Rinse: The basket of parts is then laterally transferred over platform roller conveyor to Stage Four. Using DI water at 150 degrees F the parts are rinsed using vertical agitation.
Hot Air Blowoff Drying: The basket of parts is then laterally transferred over platform roller conveyor to Stage Five. Using hot air at 150 degrees F the parts are dried. Ramco Hot Air Knife Blow-Off Dryers get maximum evaporation providing rapid drying without excessive heat.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.35767
Retrieved Text: Introducing The Kube Water Filtration System. Designed to remove more contaminants than other standard water filters and to improve the quality, taste and smell of your drinking water. Bottled water was once a popular alternative – but it’s expensive and creates waste that’s hard on the environment. With a cost of about four cents per gallon – the Kube is the economical choice!
The Kube installs conveniently and easily under just about any sink. You will have a plentiful supply of filtered water – dispensed right from your existing water faucet. The Kube has a life indicator which tells you when a filter needs changing – no more guessing!
With the Kube, you can rest assured that you are providing your family with fresh, clean, great-tasting water without worry, concern or waste.
This advanced drinking water system uses multiple stages of filtration, including reverse osmosis technology, to remove just about everything from your water that isn’t water! The patented delivery system uses house pressure to drive the drinking water faucet – delivering high flow waits.
Features non-electronic technology, 3 stages of filtration, automatic shut off, an everclean rinse, and more!
This superb filtration system uses a three-stage system to eliminate a variety of common contaminants from your drinking water. Using a high-capacity prefilter, high-performance reverse osmosis membrane, and carbon postfilter – this is the excellent, economical way to improve the taste and purity of your drinking water.
Features a lead-free faucet, non-electric technology, and more!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.225582
Retrieved Text: As a practitioner of The Arvigo Techniques of Maya Abdominal Therapy® a major part of what I do is teach people to connect to their inner wisdom by connecting first with their centre. This is where inner wisdom, intuition, gut instinct, or what you want to call it, resides. We are so disconnected in our culture because we are conditioned to give our power away to someone who “supposedly” knows better.
I am passionate about educating woman and men to take their health into their own hands. I tend to give a lot of homework to my students and clients. There are a few books I consider essential reading and Traditional Chinese Medicine for Women: Reflections of the Moon on Water by Xiaolan Zhao is one of them.
Chinese and Maya medicine are very similar and as a practitioner of TCM as well, I am always weaving Chinese wisdom into my teachings. This book is a life-changer – I have re-read it countless times and always find new pearls of wisdom. I highly recommend it.
Three things I love about this book…..
1. This book gives a good introduction to Chinese words and ways regarding the different stages of a woman’s life. Because we have grown up with so much shame and negativity in our culture surrounding body processes and stages, learning these beautiful Chinese phrases makes a positive difference.
Menstruation, for example, is called Heavenly Water. This is so much more gentle and poetic than period, the rag, and other common words we have grown accustomed to. Menopause is called

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.087526
Retrieved Text: For pelletizing plastic materials, the feeding way and pelletizing way will normally be normal forced feeding or normal feeding and hot cutting (water cooling). LINA rubber water ring extrusion pelletizer are leading in domestic industry of rubber and plastic. LINA 65 water ring pelletizing line specializes in the mixing and granulation stages of plastic particles. LINA's experiences and new technologies help the company gained a number of national invention patents which ensure the stability of LINA water ring pelletizer for rubber. Basically, the pelletizing process is consisting of dispersion Kneader, automatic hoist, forced double arm feeding hopper, water ring extruder, level one cooling separator, level two cooling separator, level three cooling separator, transparent vibration distribution sieve and storage bucket.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.066288
Retrieved Text: The Toyota Gazoo Racing South Africa trio of Bernhard Ten Brinke, Nasser Al-Attiyah and Giniel de Villiers kept up the pressure on the leaders by recording the 7th, 3rd and 4th quickest times on SS06 on Thursday. Al-Attiyah, De Villiers and Ten Brinke were separated by less than a minute and were classified 3rd, 4th and 5th overall.
Ten Brinke and his experienced French co-driver Michel Périn belied their lack of experience together in the official team to continue a run of excellent form and head the Toyota Hilux challenge. The Dutchman trails the overall leader by 01:20:41 with eight stages remaining. "Thursday, we started on a new track," Ten Brinke said after the stage. "It was muddy and a lot of water."
"The first part was really good and the balance of the car was good. There were a lot of corners and we were climbing in the mountains. For the second part, we were the second car and there were not many tracks, because only Stéphane Peterhansel was in front of me. I had to choose a new line because the Peugeots go fast through the water and I need to take a different route. I decided not to push harder and we finished the day 7th."
"We lost a couple of minutes on Giniel and Nasser. They drive very well. But I only lose three minutes in 270km and I was second car with no lines in front of me, so this was good. I think we could go to a set-up more for the rally

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.963959
Retrieved Text: Humidity Solutions has introduced the Airtec Hydrosens in-duct high pressure adiabatic humidifi cation system, capable of modulating water flow in seven different combinations to deliver precise control in each space.
Exclusive to the Hydrosens system is the ability to control up to three separate humidifi er systems, in three different AHUs – each with different set-points – from a single pump. The system can be adapted to any size of air handling unit (AHU) or duct, making it both versatile and cost-effective.
Onboard Hydrosens software modulates water flow in seven stages, each representing 14% capacity, using with three operational valves representing 14%, 28% and 56% capacity to achieve adapted water flow in seven combinations.
A frequency inverter pump operating at 50 bar provides finely atomised water mist through patented nozzles to achieve desired conditions with minimum use of water and power.
The system’s use of adiabatic humidifi cation enables low energy cooling, requiring only 6W of electrical energy to generate 629W of cooling during the summer.
Hygiene conditions are maintained by the Hydrosens hygienic rinse system, which can be used in conjunction with a reverse osmosis system or ultra-violet steriliser.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.933771
Retrieved Text: Why Did You Choose Australia’s Own Diamond Pro+ Formula?
I purchased Australia’s Own Diamond Pro+ toddler milk, to try it out when it was on offer. The nutritional benefits, for well balanced diet, for my little one definitely appealed to me.
What Are The Pros Of Australia’s Own Diamond Pro+ Formula?
The packaging on Australia’s Own Diamond Pro+ Formula is well made, as the lid is firm and secure on the tin and the age range and stage is clearly displayed on the front of the tin. The packaging is also very informative for mothers who may be new to using formula. This formula comes in three stages, including newborn-6 months. 6-12 months and 12 months+, for the little ones early life.
The measurements, of water to amount of scoops are included on the side of the tin. It is 180ml of water to 3 scoops of formula. I like that there is also a convenient scoop leveller in the tin to prevent product wastage. This also gives the perfect measurement for each scoop.
The Australia’s Own Diamond Pro+ Formula has given me peace of mind, that I am providing my little one with the nutrition she needs, after trying everything I possibly could to breastfeed with no avail.
Would You Recommend Australia’s Own Diamond Pro+ Formula To Others?
Overall, I believe that this Australia’s Own Diamond Pro toddler milk is contributing effectively to my little ones daily nutrition, as it includes many benefits such as improved immune system function, cognitive development, growth, bones and teeth. It is also made by a reputable

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.916685
Retrieved Text: Understanding how corn water use changes throughout the season can help guide more efficient irrigation applications.
Crop water use is influenced by weather conditions, crop growth stage, and several other factors. Corn water use rates peak during the early reproductive stages.
When corn does not receive enough water to meet evapotranspiration demands during the reproductive growth stages, significant reductions in yield can occur.
The terms crop water use and evapotranspiration (ET) are used synonymously to describe the movement of water through evaporation (E) from the soil and plant surfaces and transpiration (T) through the plant. Transpiration is the movement of water from the soil into plant roots, through plant stems and leaves, and back out into the atmosphere. Transpiration is an important concept because yield is related to the amount of water a plant transpires. Understanding corn water use and the factors that affect it can help guide more efficient irrigation applications.
Crop growth stage. Corn water requirements change throughout the season. Young plants transpire less than larger plants due to a smaller leaf surface area. Corn requires the most water just prior to and during the reproductive growth stages.
Relative maturity. A full-season corn product will use more water over the course of the season compared to a shorter-season product grown in the same location. While longer-season corn products use more water, they may also have a higher yield potential if heat units and adequate water are available.
Weather conditions. The ability of the atmosphere to evaporate water is the driving force for soil water evaporation and transpiration. Daily ET is

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.889695
Retrieved Text: Put simply, Reverse Osmosis is a technology that removes ions, molecules, and larger harmful particles from water. As a result, it produces high purity water for drinking and cooking. Gordon Water Systems is proud to be an authorized Kinetico dealer which is known for having the best reverse osmosis systems available.
Below are a few examples of what we can offer our customers. However, other options are available. Please contact us at 1-800-928-3768 and we would be happy to talk to you about all your water needs.
Gordon Water Systems is proud to offer our customers Kinetico’s most comprehensive drinking water system which uses multiple stages of filtration, including reverse osmosis technology, to remove just about everything from your water that isn’t water. The K5 is the most advanced reverse osmosis system available, with unparalleled features and benefits. Click this link to see how fast and how much the K5 flows versus a more traditional style RO. Find out why so many people are opting for this state-of-the-art reverse osmosis drinking water system.
For those who believe that RO technology is the way to go, but are satisfied with a more basic approach to drinking water treatment, the AquaKinetic drinking water system is for you. The three-stage system provides clean, refreshing water free of Fluoride for drinking and cooking with minimal maintenance.
Recently approved for filtering out PFAs, the Always Fresh RC-HFC-1000 Replacement Cartridge is ready for high flow and high performance. 5 stage exclusive patented quick change design. Rated for 500 gallons.
If you desire high purity, high alkalinity water,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.882141
Retrieved Text: Water detection is a critical perception requirement for unmanned ground vehicle (UGV) autonomous navigation over cross-country terrain. During the Robotics Collaborative Technology Alliances (RCTA) program, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) developed a set of water detection algorithms that are used to detect, localize, and avoid water bodies large enough to be a hazard to a UGV. The JPL water detection software performs the detection and localization stages using a forward-looking stereo pair of color cameras. The 3D coordinates of water body surface points are then output to a UGV’s autonomous mobility system, which is responsible for planning and executing safe paths. There are three primary methods for evaluating the performance of the water detection software. Evaluations can be performed in image space on the intermediate detection product, in map space on the final localized product, or during autonomous navigation to characterize the avoidance of a variety of water bodies. This paper describes a methodology for performing the first two types of water detection performance evaluations.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.860226
Retrieved Text: Abstract. We elaborated a new method for observing water surface areas and river stages using unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). It is based on processing multitemporal five orthophotomaps produced from the UAV-taken visible light images of nine sites of the river, acquired with a sufficient overlap in each part. Water surface areas are calculated in the first place, and subsequently expressed as fractions of total areas of water-covered terrain at a given site of the river recorded on five dates. The logarithms of the fractions are later calculated, producing five samples, each consisted of nine elements. In order to detect statistically significant increments of water surface areas between two orthophotomaps, we apply the asymptotic and bootstrapped versions of the Student's t test, preceded by other tests that aim to check model assumptions. The procedure is applied to five orthophotomaps covering nine sites of the Ścinawka river (south-western (SW) Poland). The data have been acquired during the experimental campaign, at which flight settings were kept unchanged over nearly 3 years (2012–2014). We have found that it is possible to detect transitions between water surface areas associated with all characteristic water levels (low, mean, intermediate and high stages). In addition, we infer that the identified transitions hold for characteristic river stages as well. In the experiment we detected all increments of water level: (1) from low stages to mean, intermediate and high stages; (2) from mean stages to intermediate and high stages; and (3) from intermediate stages to high stages. Potential applications of the elaborated method include verification of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.859415
Retrieved Text: The high-energy open shelf along the southern Australian continental margin is blanketed by heterozoan cool-water carbonates of late Pleistocene and Holocene age. Three distinct assemblages have been identified and radiocarbon dated. These include: i) Holocene grains, unaltered biofragments deposited during Marine Isotope Stage 1; ii) stranded grains, grey and buff-colored abraded biofragments and intraclasts marooned during the sea level rise associated with the latter stages of Marine Isotope Stage 2; and iii) relict grains, highly abraded, iron-stained intraclasts originally deposited during the intermediate sea-level stands of Marine Isotope Stages 3 and 4. Whereas the skeletal makeup of Holocene grains has been previously detailed, attributes of the older grains have not been elucidated. Relict-grain skeletal composition indicates that during Marine Isotope Stages 3 and 4 shallow, warm, oligotrophic, marine grassbed environments developed across the western portion of the region, whereas more heterozoan assemblages to the east imply cooler marine waters and that an overall upwelling regime was in effect. Stranded grains (Marine Isotope Stage 2) are mostly heterozoan across the whole region, reflecting deposition on narrower shelves (restricted euphotic zone) and in generally cool waters. Stable isotopic compositions of relict and stranded foraminifera indicate that the western portion of the region (the Great Australian Bight) had water of elevated salinity. Environments analogous to outer Shark Bay are interpreted to have formed across the Great Australian Bight during portions of Marine Isotope Stages 2, 3 and 4.
Comparison between relatively unaltered Holocene grains and altered late Pleistocene stranded and relict grains reveals pathways of early diagenesis in this cool-water

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.801889
Retrieved Text: Water Resources Management (IWRM) is a popular concept within water management today and has been widely promoted across the world. As a concept with various definitions, questions have been raised both about its actual meaning and also about its usefulness. Because of the concept’s vagueness it can be interpreted differently by different actors and might change as it is conveyed from its conception as an idea to reality on the ground.
This thesis investigates what the potential for IWRM is in Wadi Zabid, an area in western Yemen suffering from water resource troubles. To find the answers to this, a case study of IWRM and a case study of water management in Yemen have been conducted and analysed together, based on semi-structured interviews from a farming community in Wadi Zabid, and document analysis of legal and policy texts as well as the texts of organisations and secondary literature on IWRM and on water management in Yemen. The thesis analyses the concept IWRM and sees how the approach to IWRM changes as it is conveyed from idea to reality on the ground in Wadi Zabid, as well as how the structure of the concept itself affects its potential for implementation.
By investigating how IWRM is approached at four different stages of its journey from idea to reality, this thesis maps what affects the ultimate potential of IWRM in Wadi Zabid, and also shows how the concept changes. The key finding of the thesis is that the structure of IWRM can be said to affect its potential substantially. The structure

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.759325
Retrieved Text: Italian Journal of Geosciences (2000) 119 (2): 297-305.
The Coghinas coastal plain is a alluvial plain in a half-graben structure where three different zone are morphologically divided. On the basis of the criteria followed in this investigation, the climatic data, the comparison between historical maps (since the 1841), the fluvial evolution suggest a discontinued and disuniformed sedimentation related to the inner plain. From a morphological point of view, the three different zones have allowed to obtain a possible morphological reconstruction during the Pleistocene on the basis of the different processes and paleoclimatic stages for each zone. The analysis of the water table aquifer during 18 months (salinity and conductive capacity) have demonstrated the geometries of the salt water intrusion in two different bodies explained such the paleochannels of the Coghinas river.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.741326
Retrieved Text: People with Alzheimer's disease become forgetful, are easily confused, and have a hard time remembering things. There are three stages to Alzheimer's disease including mild, moderate, and severe.
During the mild stages of Alzheimer's, you will notice small changes in personality, and some loss of memory. Alzheimer's patients have difficulty remembering recent events, such as birthday parties, holiday parties, etc. You may also notice difficulty planning grocery lists, or finding personal belongings around the house.
During the moderate stages of Alzheimer's, confusion and loss of memory are more recognizable. Alzheimer's patients have difficulty following instructions, planning, and organizing. They may need assistance bathing, and getting dressed. During moderate stages, they may start having problems with bladder control.
During the severe stages of Alzheimer's, patients usually need help with all of their daily needs, such as standing up, sitting down, walking, eating, bathing, getting dressed, etc. They may not be able to talk at all anymore, or recognize family members. Some may refuse to eat, or have difficulty swallowing food, and water.
1) Talk to your family, and help educate them about Alzheimer's disease. Share what information you know, and encourage your family to ask questions. If you don't know the answers, research them. Have an open line of communication, and support honesty.
2) Try to avoid correcting the person with Alzheimer's if they forget something, or make a mistake.
3) Plan fun activities with the person, such as family reunions, days at the park, etc.
4) Find a good support system, such as family, pastor, counselor, etc.
5) Exercise with the person, take them

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.707482
Retrieved Text: Slimfy is an innovative dieting system designed to be used in three stages.
Every stage requires the use of a specific product, each of which can be purchased separately. The wisdom of this is a little questionable because some dieters may be tempted to forgo the detox by skipping the first stage and starting with Stage 2. This would be a big mistake and could severely hamper the abilities of the products designed to be used at stages two and three.
The toxins most of us obtain from foods and the atmosphere around us can build up in the body and cause the metabolism to slow.
This is the reason some people put on weight in the first place. It is also the reason why many people find it hard to ditch their excess poundage and get back into shape. If you have ever bought a slimming product that appeared to be working for everyone else, but didn’t work for you—even with diet and exercise—it’s probable a buildup of toxins was responsible for your lack of success.
What is Slimfy and How Does it Work?
The pills used during the first stage purge the body of toxins and help get the metabolism back on track. The pills used in stage 2 contain ingredients that accelerate the metabolism even further. This causes the body to start burning calories so fast it runs out and has to begin burning fat as an alternative. The pills required for stage 3 support further weight loss and the product can also be used for an indefinite

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.701006
Retrieved Text: This audio book is a non- official learn-to-sail manual for passing the written portion of the American Sailing Association exam 103 the Basic Coastal Cruising certification. With this audio course you can begin to fulfill your sailing dreams in little time. Unlike most introductory sailing books which just tell you what you are supposed to do with very little explanation, this audio book is jam-packed with real-life anecdotes which serve to illustrate the concepts being taught. This book covers every aspect of what is going to be required in order to pass the written portion of the ASA 103 exam (Basic Coastal Cruising ). In addition three lessons are devoted to mentally preparing yourself for the on the water examination.
Franz Amussen the author and narrator of this book has been sailing for over 30 years having sailed in many different parts of the world including a transatlantic voyage in his own 28 foot Bristol Channel Cutter. Franz has cruised extensively in the Mediterranean, Northwest USA, South Pacific and Caribbean this audio book is peppered with anecdotes that serve to reinforce the concepts being taught. He is also the producer of the “Sailing in the Mediterranean” podcast.
Lesson 12: Stages of Hypothermia and Treatment, Methods for Getting a Person out of the Water and Safely Back on Board, Fires and Extinguishers.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.686446
Retrieved Text: What Are the Symptoms of Cold Sores & Canker Sores in Early Pregnancy?
What Are the Different Stages of a Cold Sore?
What Are the Causes of Canker Sores during Pregnancy?
What Are the Different Oral Medications for Mouth Ulcers?
Pregnancy can come with a variety of unpleasant symptoms. Some women experience morning sickness or soreness, for example. Cold sores and mouth ulcers in early pregnancy are also common occurrences.
Cold sores often occur because of stress. However, a flare-up can be caused by hormonal fluctuations and fatigue. During pregnancy, you’re essentially going through all three. While having a baby is an exciting thing, it can also be stressful at times. And, your body is going through a lot of hormonal changes that are uncontrollable. It’s a perfect environment for a fever blister flare-up.
While they will go away on their own, many people seek out a treatment to get rid of cold sores faster or to eliminate the pain they cause. Even if a cold sore only lasts 10 to 14 days, it can cause discomfort.
But, as a pregnant woman, it’s not easy to know what’s safe. Oral medications should be avoided unless approved by your doctor. But, are there any effective topical solutions?
If you’ve never had a cold sore before, but find that outbreaks are more frequent now that you’re pregnant, it’s no reason for alarm. Again, it could be stress, hormones, or a combination of both.
These symptoms occur during the different stages of a cold sore. You can start treatment at any time. However, it’s always best to begin

================



======= Instance Index 4518 =========
Input Text: Answer the following question given this paragraph: 




Q: Where is most digestion completed?

 Choices:

- the esophagus

- the duodenum

- the cavity

- the stomach

A:

Target Text: the duodenum

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.99364
Retrieved Text: Are you ready to feel your most vibrant, balanced self again?
I would love to work with you on your journey to nourished, balanced health. I can support you with fertility, hormonal heath, gut and digestion issues.
Why Choose Nourished Natural Health?
Who will I be seeing?
is a bachelor-degree qualified Clinical Nutritionist practicing in Sydney's Eastern Suburbs with a special interest in women’s health, natural fertility, hormonal balance and digestion.
Need more information before booking?
Please see this booking page where you can get in contact with me to organise an appointment.
I hold a Bachelor of Health Science (Nutritional and Dietetic Medicine), Bachelor of Education and am a Trained Fertility Awareness Educator.
I completed my education degree at the University of New South Wales, my Nutrition degree at Endeavour College of Natural Health and my Fertility Awareness training under Kerry Hampton at Wise Women Business.
How much are your appointments?
I see clients for comprehensive nutrition consults and Fertility Awareness education. An initial nutrition consultation with me is $150 (60 minutes), follow ups are $105 (45 minutes). Fertility Awareness training is conducted over three 45 minute sessions and valued at $300.
Please see my pricing page for more information.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.802267
Retrieved Text: Areas of expertise: food colloids and interfaces; digestion; bile salts; dietary fibres; surfactants; interfacial tension; interfacial and bulk rheology.
Amelia graduated in Physics in 2007 at the University of Granada (Spain). She later joined the Department of Applied Physics in the same university under the PhD program of Colloids and Interfaces Science and Technology. She received her MSc degree in 2009 and completed the PhD in 2012. Later on she was a Marie Curie Postdoctoral Research Fellow at the Division of Food Sciences in the University of Nottingham (2013-2016). In 2017 she moved to the School of Food Sciences and Nutrition at Leeds University where she is currently a Postdoctoral Research Fellow.
I have focused my research using fundamentals of colloids and interface science in the understanding of the control of lipid digestion through the design of food structure and interfaces. I am also interested in the specific interactions between dietary fibres and bile acids, to understand the bile sequestering capacity attributed to dietary fibres, which in turn, have an impact in the whole process of lipid digestion and absorption.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 17.916243
Retrieved Text: Dr Suzanne Hodgkinson completed her BSc in physiology and biochemistry followed by a MSc in digestive physiology and a PhD in physiology at Massey University. This was followed by a Post-doctoral Fellowship funded by what was then known as the New Zealand Dairy Board. She then spent fifteen years working as an academic in the Universidad Austral de Chile in Valdivia, Chile, where she set up research programmes in dog nutrition as well as pig and European wild boar production and nutrition. She returned to New Zealand in 2015 and is now leading the Nutrition Team of the Riddet Institute at Massey University. Dr Hodgkinson’s specialist areas involve dietary protein digestion and metabolism as well as dietary protein quality evaluation. She is involved with human studies as well as the use of animal models for nutritional studies.
Along with commercial studies, Dr Hodgkinson continues to research methods to determine dietary protein (amino acid) quality for human diets, and protein digestion and metabolism. She is also involved in studies to determine Digestible Indispensable Amino Acid Score (DIAAS) of foods and ingredients.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 17.86173
Retrieved Text: This is where to buy Kiwi-Klenz [xtendlife™] natural digestive health supplements online world-wide to help improve your digestion, reduce gas and bloating and maximize uptake of nutrients from food, supplements and medications by increasing absorption. Kiwi-Klenz achieves balance in your digestive tract by ensuring that the four most critical components found in your system (soluble fiber, enzymes, phenolics and prebiotics) are present and working in harmony.
This is truly one dietary supplement everybody of every age should be taking. Achieving a balanced digestive system is easier than you might think if you have the right combination of components. Now here is something 100% natural that works to offer relief for a whole range of digestion issues.
Scientists have known the digestive power of the New Zealand kiwi fruit for decades. In fact, research shows where eating two fresh kiwi fruit every day can help enhance digestion and alleviate many digestive problems. But most kiwi fruit sold at supermarkets are ripened artificially to increase shelf life. This can significantly diminish potency. What's more, you need to eat the entire kiwi fruit - including the flesh, seeds and fuzzy skin for optimum digestion power! Where that's just not appealing to most folks, thanks to Kiwi-Klenz, you can tap into the digestive power of kiwi fruit with just one capsule per day!
This is where you can buy high quality natural digestion supplements online. Unfortunately quality is rare among natural supplement sellers world-wide. A significant number of dietary supplement sites on the internet today are selling "cheap" poor quality vitamins and supplements

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.54201
Retrieved Text: Enviroseal completed the audit process of our health and safety procedures and installation methods without issue for the new multinational blue chip company. The earthworks and lining for the refurbishment of the existing lagoon was completed early which minimised the lagoon shut down period of the plant.
A lake liner with other geosynthetics for landscaping was installed to a feature lake for a private client in Okehampton. Other works completed during June included anaerobic digestion tank leakage detection liners, anaerobic digestion lagoon liners, landfill capping liners. We also installed liners to a number of pits across the country which are part of a hugely popular series of events providing obstacle course for adults.
Enviroseal have secured a number of projects for the lining of attenuation ponds on new build industrial and multi-use sites.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.293917
Retrieved Text: Efficient digestion is one of the most important keys to great health.* This extraordinary plant-based enzyme formula supports the intestinal brush border cells to promote more complete digestion of carbohydrates and protein.
· Intestinal gas and flatulence.
· Better digest sugars, carbohydrates & proteins.
· Helps those who weren't breast fed & don't have enzymes to break down sugar.
· Enhanced digestion or grains, cruciferous vegetables and legumes.
· May help digest gluten & casein.
· Digests blood clots, cysts & arterial plaque.
· Helps fight biofilms ( the sticky micro-nests where bacteria, parasites & pathogenic organisms hide).

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.292103
Retrieved Text: Shotgun proteomics, also known as bottom-up proteomics analysis, relies on mass spectrometric characterization of the peptide soup generated from proteolytic digestion of biological samples. Researchers take advantage of the well-characterized proteolytic activity of trypsin to identify peptide fragments from spectral data, which in turn enables coverage of the whole proteome. However, by relying on only the most common protease enzyme, Giansanti et al. suggest that researchers may miss important cleavage sites and post-translational modifications that trypsin either avoids or disrupts.
As a solution, and to enhance shotgun proteomics experiments, the coauthors present a convenient protocol optimized for six alternative protease enzymes. Each of these substitute enzymes is active on alternative cleavage sites within proteins to generate a different set of peptide fragments. Proteome coverage is thus more complete with running parallel digestions using multiple proteases, since researchers have more than one range of peptide fragments to explore.
The enzymes explored in the optimized protocol are chymotrypsin, LysC, LysN, AspN, GluC and ArgC. The protocol replicates the standard traditional trypsin digestion methodology as far as possible, and can be completed within two days. Giansanti et al. used a simple protein source (bovine serum albumin, BSA) in addition to a complex sample (Escherichia coli cell lysate) to evaluate each protease enzyme. They completed the proteomic analysis by liquid chromatography–tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) on Q Exactive Plus and Orbitrap Fusion tribrid mass spectrometers (both Thermo Scientific) in combination with an ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography system (UHPLC).
Prepare cell lysates, ensuring removal of all insolubles.
Be aware of reagent compatibility with each protease enzymes.
Carefully estimate

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.199852
Retrieved Text: Arun Chandra Mazumder, Partha Pratim Das, Chandrasekar S And Saravanan Sankaran, Kemin Industries South Asia Pvt. Ltd.
The endogenous proteases secreted in the gastrointestinal tract (GIT) of chicken is generally considered to be sufficient for the digestion of traditional corn-soya-based feed protein. However, variability in the quality of feed protein and rapid feed passage rate makes endogenous protein alone is insufficient for completed digestion. This undigested protein created an opportunity for the use of supplemental exogenous proteases to improve protein digestibility.
"কৃষকপর্যায়ে ন্যায্যমূল্য নিশ্চিত করতে হবে"

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.788116
Retrieved Text: The Benefits of Anaerobic Digestion | Renergy, Inc.
Right now most organic waste – like food scraps – is being tossed into landfills where it releases harmful emissions into the environment. If we could anaerobically digest 50 percent of this waste, we could create enough clean energy to power 2.5 million homes for a year! But the benefits of anaerobic digestion don’t end there.
Anaerobic digestion has big-time environmental value.
Anaerobic digestion repurposes waste and keeps it out of landfills. Its process of breaking down organic materials produces two types of biogas: Methane and carbon dioxide, which are fully contained and never enter the atmosphere. The biogas is then converted into power, radiant heat and renewable natural gas.
Captured biogas provides a clean, renewable energy source that’s returned to the local power grid as electricity, or compressed into renewable natural gas for the local pipeline. That means that your processed organic waste can be used to power everything from homes to cars.
One type of organic waste that’s processed by anaerobic digestion is manure. Once digested, it becomes nutrient-dense fertilizer that is clean and safe to use on soil.
Renergy will repurpose your agricultural, food, industrial or municipal waste and help reduce your carbon footprint. Contact us to get started!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.7813
Retrieved Text: Sewage sludge treatment describes the processes used to manage and dispose of the sludges produced during sewage treatment.
Many sludges are treated using a variety of digestion techniques, the purpose of which is to reduce the amount of organic matter and the number of disease-causing microorganisms present in the solids. The most common treatment options include anaerobic digestion, aerobic digestion, and composting.
Anaerobic digestion is a bacterial process that is carried out in the absence of oxygen. The process can either be thermophilic digestion in which sludge is fermented in tanks at a temperature of 55°C or mesophilic, at a temperature of around 36°C. Though allowing shorter retention time, thus smaller tanks, thermophilic digestion is more expensive in terms of energy consumption for heating the sludge.
Anaerobic digestion generates biogas with a high proportion of methane that may be used to both heat the tank and run engines or microturbines for other on-site processes. In large treatment plants sufficient energy can be generated in this way to produce more electricity than the machines require. The methane generation is a key advantage of the anaerobic process. Its key disadvantage is the long time required for the process (up to 30 days) and the high capital cost.
Under laboratory conditions it is possible to directly generate useful amounts of electricity from organic sludge using naturally occurring electrochemically active bacteria. Potentially, this technique could lead to an ecologically positive form of power generation, but in order to be effective such a microbial fuel cell must maximize the contact area between the effluent and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.731236
Retrieved Text: US giant General Electric (GE) has agreed a deal to buy UK-based anaerobic digestion technology provider Monsal. The terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Once the takeover is completed, Monsal will become part of GE’s Power and Water division.
GE will use Monsal’s technology to offer municipalities and industrial manufacturers the option of disposing of wastewater treatment byproducts via AD, thus generating renewable energy.
Heiner Markhoff, president and chief executive, water and process technologies for GE Power & Water, said: “The acquisition of Monsal, with its advanced anaerobic digestion technology, will enable us to provide our customers with more energy-efficient options for water treatment solutions.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.699759
Retrieved Text: A dog eating poop is not weird and he doesn't have an emotional problem. What he has is a digestion problem created by an imbalance in the microbiome and he's doing his best to fix it.
The microbiome is a collection of over 100 trillion microscopic and living organisms in the gut.
This area of the body is where most digestion happens. It's also the largest area of the immune system.
Antibiotics are the most common way the good bacteria is killed off. Since they don't reappear without help, your dog is trying to find them.
Your dog cannot live without enzymes either. They are needed to digest food and many other processes in the body.
In fact every one of the trillions of your dog's cells need enzymes to sustain life.
If you understand how cars work, think of enzymes as the spark plugs.
Sometimes your dog doesn't make enough of them but you can help with this too.
Reseed the gut with probiotic Bacillus coagulans.
Contains 3 billion colony forming units of Bacillus coagulans per serving plus prebiotic fiber.
Add enzymes to aid digestion and spark the process of hundreds of bodily functions with Proactazyme. Contains 10 types of enzymes to cover all the bases.
Better breath - often bad breath has more to do with a digestion problem than not having clean teeth.
Less grass eating - Another thing dogs do to improve digestion.
If you have two or more dogs and the dog eating poop only gobbles up the feces of those don't live with him, he has good instincts.
Dogs, like humans, will have similar

########
Rank: 12
Score: 16.521254
Retrieved Text: Innovations in organic farming have brought in new methods and ways to provide healthy energy and digestion options. Thankfully, more Canadians are becoming aware of the value of quality digestion. It can be linked to many parts of the body. But, how? The below is an overview of healthy digestion support in the body, and what organic produce and root tea from Kiss Me Organics can help.
Toxins will accumulate throughout the body. This can take effect a number of ways. The most obvious is the accumulation of waste in the intestines. Few Canadians take seriously their own lack of quality digestion, and build-up will make them sicker. The accumulation of this waste, in even the slightest ways, will promote toxin development and production. The toxins have a direct impact on the liver and kidneys. The liver is the blood factory of the body, and the source of quality blood circulation to and from the heart. Kidneys absorb and allocate nutrients from the blood.
The kidneys are directly correlated to healthy digestion and the removal of toxins. The kidneys can easily by overburdened by toxin growth, which brings everything full circle. Toxins from the intestines accumulate in the kidneys and liver. Both of these organs are greatly strained by this excess toxin production.
The kidneys mostly absorb nutrients, but what happens why they are “busy” fighting off toxins? The kidneys consequently absorb less nutrients, which makes even the best vitamins and organic products less effective. It becomes a chain link, where the lack of nutrients decreases cognitive potential. It

########
Rank: 13
Score: 16.431843
Retrieved Text: Anaerobic digesters are air-tight tanks with different configurations. An Anaerobic Digestor tank is a liquid storage tank that is used for digestion of stored complex Slurry/Wastewater into simpler compounds and in turn, releases gases which are then either used as fuel or are exposed to the environment under permissible limits. Complex slurry/sludge/wastewater includes Blackwater, Greywater, Brownwater which includes Sewage, farm wastes, food waste, human waste, municipal waste, industrial waste, etc. are used as waste whose digestion takes place.
Mesophilic digestion takes place optimally around 30 to 38 °C or at ambient temperatures between 20 and 45 °C, where mesophiles are the primary microorganism present.
Thermophilic digestion takes place optimally around 49 to 57 °C or at elevated temperatures up to 70 °C, where thermophiles are the primary microorganisms present.
The microorganisms in the sludge layer degrade organic compounds. As a result of the above process, gases (methane and carbon dioxide) are released. The most common type of Digestor tanks used in Industry is UASB tanks.
Rostfrei's Glass fused to Steel tanks are extensively used in Digestor tanks Applications in Agricultural sectors and ETP Plants and we provide Turnkey Solution of Manufacturing and Installation Digestor tanks including Gas Collection Roofs, arrangements for installing Heat Exchangers inside the tanks.
Accessibility to install multiple accessories like heat exchangers, agitators, tank insulation, etc.
Construction time reduction from a year in conventional tanks to several months in Glass fused tanks.
No Reaction with the Tank walls.
Less Maintenance in comparison with conventional tanks.
Accessories modification as per requirement.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.430557
Retrieved Text: Good health starts with a healthy stomach and digestive system so nutrient-rich foods are able to be digested and absorbed. Gastro-Digest II is a two-stage formula designed to support digestion—first in the stomach and then through the gallbladder, liver, pancreas and intestines.
Helps the digestive system absorb nutrients for a healthy body.
Assists in destroying and eliminating ingested toxins, bacteria and other micro-organisms.
Supports the liver, gallbladder and bile duct as they break down, store and use fat.
Good health starts with a nutritious diet, but it also depends on a healthy stomach and digestive system. If these are not functioning optimally, even the most nutrient-rich food will not digest well and the nutrients will not be absorbed. The undigested food becomes toxic to the body. Malnourishment and toxins can cause a long list of symptoms including bad breath, heartburn, gas, bloating, belching, pain, constipation, and/or diarrhea, allergies and even emotional anxiety.
Gastro-Digest II is a two-stage formula designed to support digestion. The first stage assists the stomach where acid is used to break down proteins. The second stage of the formula is enteric coated, which protects the ingredients from the stomach acid. They remain intact to be utilized by the gallbladder, liver, pancreas and intestine where the major part of digestion and nutrient assimilation occurs.
Betaine HCl: Hydrochloric acid is manufactured in the stomach. It breaks down fats and proteins and destroys ingested bacteria and microorganisms. The body uses hydrochloric acid to absorb calcium, protein, vitamin B12 and iron.
Amino Acids: Glutamic acid HCl metabolizes sugars and fats.
Beet Root is anti-inflammatory. It

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.429571
Retrieved Text: Digestion | Humming Guts Fitness – Exercise Your Insides.
Exercising the function of swallowing helps to keep the body from confusing it with breathing and singing. A healthy swallow also helps to tone the pharyngeal space in the back of the throat, which aids with singing and speech. The great thing about swallowing exercises is that they can be completed almost anywhere at anytime, and they are relatively quiet. You might get funny looks if you do them in public, but your insides will thank you.
Below are some digestion-specific exercises that I have found helpful. I’ve had great relief with diaphragm pulling, in particular. I also notice an improvement in my breathing after pulling.
These are great exercises for everyone, not just those suffering from incontinence, diarrhea, or constipation.
When digestion gets really rough, I turn to a few supplements for relief. Consult a physician before adding any supplements to your diet.
Probiotic – 10 strains, 20 billion live cultures. For daily digestive maintenance.
Iberogast – I swear by this stuff. Website says is good for IBS and overall indigestion.
Ginger – I take 500mg at night to soothe “silent” reflux. Sometimes I take 500mg in the morning as well.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.327911
Retrieved Text: Agromin and Zero Waste Energy are partnering to create biogenic energy facilities in California.
"After identifying suitable locations, Zero Waste Energy will provide the biogenic technology for each site and Agromin will supply the organic materials needed to make it all work," says Bill Camarillo, CEO of Agromin, an organic materials processing company. "Zero Waste will convert organic materials into biogas through an anaerobic digestion dry fermentation process. The biogas will be used to create electricity and transportation fuel. Once the gas is removed and the biogenic process is completed, Agromin will turn the remaining organic material into rich, high-quality compost. Nothing is wasted."
"Everything is done indoors in a controlled environment," says Eric Herbert, Zero Waste Energy CEO. "It's clean and quiet with no odor emissions. A typical facility has a 500-kilowatt capacity. The compressed natural gas (CNG) we produce will be used in trucks, buses and cars. CNG is an ideal alternative to fossil fuel and is being used more and more throughout the world."
Oxnard-based Agromin manufactures earth-friendly soil products from organic material collected from cities and unincorporated areas throughout Southern California. Each month, Agromin receives thousands of tons of this material and then uses a safe, natural and sustainable process to transform it into soil products.
Zero Waste Energy, based in San Jose, designs, builds, and operates integrated solid waste facilities in North America. It is currently building an anaerobic digestion plant in San Jose, the first of its kind in the U.S. The technology is used extensively in Germany, where it was developed, and across

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.213509
Retrieved Text: Camilia R. Martin M.D., M.S. is an Assistant Professor of Pediatrics at Harvard Medical School, and the Associate Director of the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit and Director for Cross-Disciplinary Research Partnerships in the Division of Translational Research at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center (BIDMC), Boston, MA.
Dr. Martin received her M.D. from Cornell University School of Medicine in 1992 and completed her internship and residency at Children’s Memorial Hospital/Northwestern School of Medicine in 1995 where she also served as Chief Pediatric Resident in 1996. Dr. Martin completed her fellowship in Perinatal-Neonatal Medicine at the Harvard Combined Program in Neonatology in 1999. During her fellowship training, she completed a Masters in Epidemiology at Harvard School of Public Health in 1998.
Dr. Martin’s research interests are focused on neonatal nutrition and its impact on health and disease in the preterm infant. She has participated in multi-site clinical trials serving as the Principal Investigator at BIDMC resulting in publications evaluating growth and long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes in the extremely preterm infant. In 2009, Dr. Martin received a Faculty Fellowship Award from the Program for Faculty Development and Diversity from Harvard Catalyst/Harvard Medical School facilitating her transition from general epidemiology to translational research. Her current research focus is on fat digestion and fatty acid metabolism, postnatal intestinal adaptation, development of local and systemic immune defenses, and regulation of the inflammatory response.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.13604
Retrieved Text: Merry Matukonis is a Registered Nurse and Holistic Nutritional Therapy Practitioner. She recently relocated back to New England after many years in Central Pennsylvania where she founded her own practice, Optimal Wellness in 2007. Over the past eleven years in her practice she has succeeded in assisting patients of all ages to achieve optimal health, including healthy digestion, endocrine health, hormonal balancing, and general wellness.
Merry has been a Registered Nurse since 1976. She graduated from Central Maine General Hospital School of Professional Nursing, and practiced in acute care and post anesthesia nursing in the hospital setting for 30 years. In 2007 she was awarded status as a Certified Clinician in Whole Food Nutrition (CCWFN) after completing a Post Graduate course with High Honors from the International Foundation for Nutrition and Health.
In 2013 Merry became an Applied Clinical Nutritionist (ACN) through Texas Chiropractic College & Standard Process of Pennsylvania. During this time she completed over 100 hours of Post Graduate education in Applied Clinical Nutrition. Also in 2013 she completed the Platinum Program by Standard Process of Pennsylvania, and received the “Award in Recognition of her Commitment to Patient Health”.
She began studying Nutrition Response Testing with Ulan Nutritional Systems in 2017, and completed the Professional Level Training in Nutrition Response Testing in 2018. Additionally, she has completed hundreds of hours of Post Graduate study through Standard Process and Endocrine Wellness with Dr. Janet Lang, Dr. Annette Schippel, and Dr. Doris Kutz.
Merry is a Certified GAPS Practitioner and has been a member of the Weston A. Price Foundation

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.069668
Retrieved Text: Financing for 700 block of K Street: One of the most blighted stretches of downtown Sacramento received a long-awaited boost on Tuesday night, when the City Council approved a complex financing plan for a major development in the 700 block of K Street. The development team behind the project said it expects to begin construction on the $51 million housing, retail and entertainment project early next year. Work could be completed by late 2016, soon after the expected completion of a new sports arena for the Sacramento Kings a block away.
Cash piles up: The campaign pushing stronger powers for Sacramento mayors is getting an assist from some wealthy public figures – in Sacramento and beyond. Sacramento Tomorrow, the committee behind Measure L on the November ballot, has raised $498,674, according to the most recent campaign finance documents filed with the City Clerk’s Office. On the other side of the campaign, Stop the Power Grab reported donations of $158,325 through this week in its fight to defeat Measure L.
Be alert, motorists: Today is International Walk/Bike to School Day, so watch pedestrians and cyclists around campuses this morning.
Tips for good digestion: Dr. Antonella Aguilera-Ruiz and Terese Esperas will lead “The Doctor and the Chef: Nourishing Foods for Healthy Digestion,” from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m. today at the Sacramento Natural Food Coop Learning Center, 1914 Alhambra Blvd., Sacramento. Visitors can learn about key foods that feed and heal the digestive tract and how to incorporate these into a tasty menu.
NBA – The Sacramento Kings defeated the visiting Toronto Raptors

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.0078
Retrieved Text: What Is Going On With My Gut?
Gut health, the term bandied around the internet, is one certainly to take note of as gut health is seemingly the root to a healthier and therefore happier life. To understand what ‘gut health’ actually is and how we can improve our health in this area we talk with Tracy Tredoux (@TracyTredoux), nutritional therapist.
The digestive and gut system is designed to break down the food we eat into small molecules that are absorbed into the blood stream and distributed around the body. Digestion starts in the mouth with the chewing of food, mixing with the enzymes in our saliva. Next, the food travels down the oesophagus and into the stomach, where digestion continues. The food then continues its journey into the small intestine, where digestion is finally completed and the smaller components (vitamins, minerals, fats, amino acids and glucose) are delivered to the bloodstream to ultimately nourish our body and brain. Undigested food particles and toxic waste make their way into the large intestine to be excreted. An important function of the gut barrier is to keep ingested pathogens, gut bacteria and other microbes, toxins and undigested food particles from escaping the gut and making their way into the bloodstream. If the digestive tract becomes damaged and ‘leaky,’ allowing any of these particles through, this can cause widespread inflammation, chronic health issues and one or more autoimmune conditions.
Today, more and more research is recognising that many diseases which seem unrelated to the gut – such as eczema, acne, rosacea, psoriasis,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.938815
Retrieved Text: 167)A piece of bread tastes sweet when it is chewed because?
168)In which of the following digestion is completed?
169)On which of the following Enterocrinin acts?
172)Which of the following is not absorbed by the blood capillaries of intestinal villi?
180)Deficiency of which one of the following is associated with the black tongue disease in dogs?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.934017
Retrieved Text: Good digestion is fundamental for natural health. A normal, fully intact, and healthy digestive system is what absorbs nutrients from your diet that improves your health.
As the father of natural health, John Harvey Kellogg wrote long ago, "It is not what one eats that nourishes him, but what he digests."
Think about it. If you are unable to properly breakdown, digest, and absorb the nutrients from what you eat then you are NOT going to make very much progress towards a state of wellness, when you do NOT even possess health to begin with.
This is not a cavalier attempt to throw out the baby with the bathwater, but merely acknowledgment that all of natural health has a starting point, which is a normal, fully intact, and healthy digestive system.
In a classic chicken or the egg controversy, when someone asks you which should come first in natural health programs: Exercise or Eating Healthy Whole foods the correct answer should be neither. In all health issues, good digestion always comes first. Good digestion is what extracts the nutrients from the food that you eat which in turn is what makes good health possible. Good health in turn enables natural health advocates to develop wellness.
Therefore, what are we talking about here? Poor digestion covers everything from digestive problems like Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS), stomach ulcers, and leaky gut syndrome; to food allergies and autoimmune diseases.
In natural health, a healthy state of digestion must be preserved at all costs. The good news is that healthy digestion comes naturally, and is rather

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.90128
Retrieved Text: . . .fasting gives me singularly happy afternoons.
In the afternoon the digestion of the meal deprives me of the incomparable lightness which characterizes the fast days.
When I walk in the forest just before the meal, while reciting the scriptural phrase that I "meditate" for that day, spiritual joy comes over me as if by appointment.
When a person eats shortly before going to bed, digestion accompanies sleep. The two great physiological functions are completed together, leaving the maximum of freedom to the mind during the day.
The discrepancy between the modern observance and the prescriptions of the Rule had struck me ever since the novitiate, and no satisfactory explanation had ever been given to me. People said that man had changed: the weakness of people's health no longer allows us to fast. Was it true?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.891876
Retrieved Text: Click here to find out How the Forrest E. Stokes South Wastewater Treatment Plant got its name.
The Henderson Water Utility operates two Wastewater Treatment Plants, designated “North” and “South”. The South WWTP, named after Forrest E. Stokes, is located at 4145 Quinn Landing Road in Robards, KY. The F. E. Stokes Wastewater Treatment Plant proudly serves residents and industries of southern Henderson County, Sebree and portions of McLean County.
The South Wastewater Treatment Plant (SWWTP) was constructed as a secondary treatment facility in 1995 to service Hudson Foods (now Tyson Chicken, Inc.). The plant was expanded in 2003 to handle greater hydraulic capacity and biological loading. Four additional aeration basins, two additional clarifiers, two aerobic digesters and an additional belt filter press were added. The ability to pump 8 MGD was also added. However, effluent force main sizing was not completed and the plant remains a 4 MGD capacity plant.
The SWWTP is operated 24 hours-per-day, 365 days-per-year and provides full secondary treatment via an extended aeration variation of the activated sludge process. The water enters into the headworks where it is screened and split equally into three aeration basins. Here, it is mixed with air and activated sludge. The detention time in this basin is 18 – 60 hours depending upon influent flow. During this time the aerobic bacteria and microorganisms present in the activated sludge consume by “eating” most of the organic matter. These bacteria and microorganisms, referred to in the industry as “bugs”, depend on oxygen for their respiratory systems the same as humans. For

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.825468
Retrieved Text: What is a Health Coach and Who can Benefit from Using One?
♦ Discover the foods that are right for your body.
♦ Run lab tests to uncover healing opportunities within the hormone, immune, digestion and detoxification systems.
♦ Teach a model of self-care in which you gain the freedom to dictate your own health to its highest potential and don’t need me anymore.
Wynne completed her Master’s Degree in Nutritional Science at Columbia University and worked as a Registered Dietitian.
Over the years, she learned that diet and exercise are not the only pieces to the health puzzle.
As a Functional Diagnostic Nutrition Practitioner, or FDN-P, Wynne searches for the root cause of health conditions using functional lab tests to guide the discovery of imbalances in the hormonal, immune, detoxification, digestion and energy systems.
With individualized, all natural protocols, she then guides her clients to make lifestyle changes that remove interference and boost the body’s innate ability to heal and function at its best.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.751147
Retrieved Text: In vitro digestion procedures are rapid, cost-effective and high through-put analysis methods to measure the bio-accessibility of (micro)nutrients in food systems, that is an estimation or prediction of the (micro)nutrient bio-availability in those food systems.
The bio-availability of (micro)nutrients, (the fraction of ingested nutrients available for utilization in normal physiological functions or storage), depends on many host- and diet-related factors. The food matrix in which the (micro)nutrient is incorporated affects (micro)nutrient release, a critical step for (micro)nutrient absorption. In this context, the (micro)nutrient bio-accessibility has been defined as the fraction of ingested (micro)nutrients that is released from the food matrix (to mixed micelles) and thereby made available for absorption.
By simulation of human digestion, (micro)nutrient bio-accessibility can be measured in vitro. Hereto, numerous digestion models have been developed to simulate the physiological conditions and sequence of events that occur during digestion in the human gastrointestinal tract. Most of these in vitro models include an oral, gastric and intestinal phase, but the model complexity varies. The most simple, basic models, are called static or biochemical models and involve the use of digestive enzymes (most commonly amylases, proteases and lipases) and fluids to simulate and measure the release of (micro)nutrients or the transfer of (micro)nutrients to micelles during gastric and intestinal digestion. To simulate in vivo absorption of (micro)nutrients, divers models such as Caco-2 human intestinal cells can be used. More complex, multicompartmental models, such as the TNO intestinal model (1) and the dynamic gastric model (2), take into account the dynamic character of the physiological digestion process. Recently, also

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.74026
Retrieved Text: Forrest Health Online offers at home and laboratory clinical testing, interpretation and natural vitamin, herbal and homeopathic therapies for intestinal and digestive health.
Good digestion and digestive health are of primary importance if you wish to be healthy. Digestion starts in the mouth where large good particles are broken down and mixed with saliva and salivary enzymes. The food then goes to the upper part of the stomach where digestive enzymes in food continue the process of digestion. After some time the food enters the lower stomach where enzymes and hydrochloric acid further the process and get the food ready to enter the intestines.
When the stomach has finished its work the the food (now called chyme) enters into the duodenum where it mixes with the digestive juices of the pancreas, liver and gall bladder. Digestion and absorption continue in the small intestines which then enters the large intestine before the waste is eliminated.
This is a simple explanation of the course of digestion but it points up many areas where problems can occur.
Testing at MetaMetrix as well as other labs indicate that many of us have intestinal parasites. These can vary from microscopic, so that we cannot see them, to large worms. In addition is the intestinal dysbiosis caused by use of antibiotics, poor diets and exposure. This may be a far more common problem that was suspected. If you suspect parasites we recommend the GI Effects Parasitology Test from MetaMetrix as one of the foremost testing labs. It includes testing for H. Pylori.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.660363
Retrieved Text: 1. Ingestion - Taking in food into the buccal cavity through mouth.
2. Deglutition - The passage of food bolus from oral cavity to stomach. This is also called swallowing.
3. Digestion- Since the organic constituents of the food are large and cannot diffuse through the gut wall to enter the blood stream. Hence these constituents have to be broken down to simpler forms.
Mechanical -this includes physical breaking of solid pieces, churning of food and movement of food along the digestive tract.
Chemical- this includes hydrolysis of food macromolecules with the aid of enzymes present in the digestive juices.
4. Absorption- The process by which the digested nutrient molecules are taken into the cells of a living organism.
5. Assimilation- The process by which the absorbed nutrients are incorporated into the cells/tissues..
6. Egestion- The elimination of the undigested food. The process is called defaecation.
The food we eat contains carbohydrates, fats and proteins which are broken down to simpler molecules for absorption.
Carbohydrates in the food are in the form polysaccharides (starch, glycogen and cellulose) oligosaccharides (dextrin) and disaccharides (sucrose and lactose).
These carbohydrates are broken down by carbohydrases to monosaccharides that can be absorbed easily.
The carbohydrate digestion begins in the buccal cavity and is completed in the small intestine.
Food remains in the buccal cavity for a very short time, hence only 30% of digestion takes place here.
Mastication breaks the food into small pieces hence, facilitates the action of salivary amylase.
The gastric juice in the stomach does not contain any carbohydrate digesting enzymes.
The HCl present here also destroys ptylain.
Hence there is no carbohydrate digestion

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.654555
Retrieved Text: At Food Waste Scotland we can uplift your excess food waste, and through our Anaerobic Digestion process, convert this waste into a useful resource.
Binn Group and Earnside Energy have come together to offer the only integrated food waste collection and treatment solution across Scotland; this is Food Waste Scotland.
Both Binn Group and Earnside Energy operate from the Binn Eco-Park just outside Perth. The Binn Group have invested in a number of new food waste collection vehicles enlarging their existing fleet whilst Earnside Energy has recently completed an expansion of their existing AD facility, doubling the volume of waste food that can be compliantly processed to 30,000t per annum.
The Food Waste Scotland campaign is designed to reach out across Scotland offering any business producing waste food with a cost effective and compliant solution. Since 2016 it has been a legal requirement for all businesses generating more than just 5kg of waste food to segregate this away from other wastes and to ensure it is collected separately.
If so, we can help your business save on waste recycling costs, and ensure that you’re compliant with Scotland’s stringent food waste recycling laws and legislation.
Utilising our brand-new fleet of food collection vehicles and our specialist food recycling partners, with proven long-term capacity, you can be confident we are the right food waste recycling team to cater to your exacting needs and requirements.
Why Recycle Your Food Waste?
From the 1st January 2016, all food waste businesses within Scotland producing over 5kg of food waste per week must present this waste for separate collection.

================



